
T.J. MILLER@NO REAL REASON@2011@I wish I didnt have to do this to perform, but its gotten me this far. All: youre bad. Youre bad. Youre very, very bad. Thanks, guys. Can you clear all this out of here? [Sighs] [indistinct chatter] Mother, thank you for everything. I hope you get married and dont die alone. [Indistinct chatter] – father, I just– I wanted to say thank you. Really great. Melody Duggan, my high school drama teacher, I credit my success to your brilliance as a teacher. You were a pussy in high school. Youll be a pussy forever. Weird one. Nick Vatterott, thank you for everything, man. Did you go up yet? No, man, Im– – right on. All right. Have a good set, dude. Is this–oh. Actually, I went the wrong way. Great set, man. I havent gone up yet. Super funny. [Indistinct chatter] father– T.J., Im so proud of you. You couldnt find the door to this one. Mom, I dont know why I did any of this. [Upbeat hip-hop music] ? T.J. Miller, T.J. Miller ? t-t-t-t-t-t-t ? T.J. Miller ? T.J. Miller, T.J. Miller ? [cheers and applause] – What the fuck is up, Colorado, huh? [Cheers and applause] I think thats a good way to start things off, yeah? Hey, guys, thanks for coming. This guy, totally unimpressed. From the very start, never clapped, nothing. Just so high. He just turned to his girlfriend. Hes like, who is this? Why does this comedian keep looking different each time I blink? Nice. You got your Oregon hoodie on. Thats good. Are you aware of the state that youre in, or no? Lets start it off. Ready? I say, hey, you say, ho. Hey. All: ho! – Not everybody. Just you. Ready? Hey. – Ho. – Hey. – Ho. – Hes good. That was good. Youre a good ho. I mean, youre– oh, this is great. Recently I threw up on the street in Washington, D.C. thats exciting, right? Our nations capitol. Thats not a big deal. I throw up in the street a lot. I like to drink. And I get hungover. You know when youre hungover and youre like, I am definitely gonna vomit today… but I wonder if I can make it to breakfast first? So I rolled the dice. I was incorrect in my assertion. I know this, cause I made that sound that you make when youre definitely gonna vomit. You know, when theres no decision left? It sounds like this: [retching violently] you know? Thats a real problem. Which is the great thing about the human body too. Not only is vomiting disgusting, we get to look like a hungry baby bird right beforehand. [Retching violently] feed me, mother! Its a British bird, perhaps a nightingale. What was different about this time is, right as I began to vomit, like, right as I was like: [retching violently] I turned, and I made eye contact with a woman sitting across the street at a Starbucks. And then I held eye contact as I vomited. Which is terrible. For her mostly. Cause I feel so bad for her, you know, because her morning started off successfully. You know, shes not wearing the clothing she was in the night before. Shes up on time. Shes probably thinking to herself, well, another successful morning. Sipping a frappe latte. What do they always say? Early to bed, early to have the worms in your house. Im not very good at cliches, or at least the person impersonating me isnt. Its a real point of insecurity for him. But at least I wont have an awkward interaction with– whats going on with that baby bird of a man over there? Then she just sees me like: [retching violently] I also walk like a zombie when I vomit. But I feel bad for her, you know? Cause whats going on in her reality? Shes got to go home and call her friends, right? She doesnt know the context. She just calls. She goes, oh, my god, you guys. I was so ugly this morning. I made a man vomit. I dont want her to think that, you know? Right? Wouldnt you feel bad? Sorry, I just made it awkward, didnt i? I do that a lot. When I make eye contact with people in the audience, Ill hold it. Like, Ill talk to somebody, and then Ill finish talking, but I wont look away… until then. Thats weird. Thats a weird thing, and now I made it all– I didnt mean to make– you came to the show. I appreciate it. I dont want to make it weird. In fact, if I need to talk to you from now on, Ill look at her. Is that okay? Im not talking to you. If I want to talk to you, Ill look at her. Is that okay? [Laughs] youre crying, did you just come from– why are you embarrassed about it? Thatd be so awful if I was like, why are you crying at the show, huh? Youre crying from laughing? Get out of here. Go smoke pot in his van. [Applause] I like the idea that maybe you guys are applauding that he might have a van. Like, yeah, lets hope he does. Yeah, then he has a place to live… and lure children. Did you know that, actually– this is true. This area of Colorado right around here in boulder has the highest cases of pedophilia per capita of anywhere else in Colorado. Did you know that? Thats true. I read it on Wikipedia. I mean, I put it in there, but I read it right afterwards… as an open-source coding check. I do, I creep people out a lot. I dont mean to at all. I realized recently that sometimes when Im excited about something, after I say it, Ill go like this… dont ever do that. That makes anything youre saying sound, like, malicious or with malintent. Watch, Ill show you. Hey, what are you guys doing after the show? What do I want to do to them after the show, you know? Hey, man, can I borrow a stick of gum? That gum aint for chewing. Even nice things. Karen, congratulations. I heard youre pregnant. What am I gonna do, go up there and get it? And I have a friend. He creeps me out. Tell me if you have anybody like this. He winks at me a lot. Like, too much. Isnt that weird? Cause its 2011, and theyre not your uncle, you know? But hell wink, and sometimes itll make sense. And then other times, it wont. So its very confusing. Its like, hey, do you want to hang out with those girls later? Theyre down to party. And Ill be like, yeah, sure. Oh, yeah. No, that sounds good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, then maybe later, you and me can get some pizza. No, I dont think I want to do that. Does that involve us having sexual intercourse? No. I like that move, when a guy gets scared. I dont think that there should be plants with leaves or foliage that hangs down in airports. Ill explain why. Wouldnt that be weird if I didnt? I just moved on right after that. Cause I feel like a lot of times Im in airports, Ill be texting, and Ill move out of somebodys way, and if a plant even just– even mildly touches, like, grazes any– [grunting] like, suddenly I know martial arts, you know? Is it a fern or a ficus? Aim for the roots. And I got to stop acting weird in airports in general really. Cause its weird. Im getting more recognizable now, you know, cause Ive been in some movies. Im not famous. Im, like, the least famous you can be while still being considered sort of famous, you know? Like, Im the level of celebrity where groups of guys at airports will kind of look over at me and whisper to each other and then kind of look back over. And Im not sure if they recognize me or they want to gang-rape me in the mens room. Either way, Im flattered. Or sometimes Ill get somebody who knows that they recognize me, but they cant think of the movie or the TV show or whatever– they dont know where they recognize me from. Yeah, now, thats always a weird interaction. I dont know if youve ever interacted with somebody who is simultaneously very excited to see you but also very upset and frustrated with themselves. Thats strange, like, hey, oh, youre the guy– oh, this is so–oh, this is great, so youre from– youre the guy from– goddamn it! Hold on a second. Dont you tell me! Im gonna think of it. Hold on one second. Son of a bitch, Trevor! Dont– all right, you tell me everything that youve been in. Ill tell you everything Ive seen. Then well match it up, and then Ill decide if its worth taking a picture. Which, by the way, if you want to take a picture with me, you know, for whatever reason, youre welcome to, but take a practice shot. I know that sounds weird, but so often, Ill be posing, like, with a girl, and her boyfriend will be using her camera, and he wont know how to use it, and so then Im posing, and you know, shes, you know, standing next to me, like… press the button. Press the– the button on the front. Press the– fine, press the other– press the one that looks like a camera. Press the– press–fine, press the one button that you havent pressed. Why dont you try pressing that? What dont you press that button? Hes so stupid. He cheated on me in July. Press the button! Then its just me like… got to wet that whistle, you know? One time I had a guy– this guy approached me at the airport, and he goes, hey, you look familiar. And I said, yeah, well, you might have seen me in, like, some movies or on tv or something. He goes, nah, what high school did you go to? And I was like, east high. And he was like– [cheering] all right, yeah. He was equally excited. And I said, east high. And he goes, yeah, yeah, me too. And I said, well, I didnt say the state or the city, and its named after a direction, and he goes, did you run track and field? And I said, no, I didnt, so maybe its Chelsea lately. He goes, me neither. What was your best friends name? And I was like, it was Lloyd, but i– then he goes, Im Lloyd. And thats how I reconnected with my best friend from high school. [Applause] dont be presumptuous. There are good things about becoming a little bit more recognizable. I now have a rider, so thats what I require, or I wont perform, you know. Like, you know, some people have, like, no brown m&ms or whatever. So I have, like, you know, a stool and water and everything, but I also put some things in there just for me, you know, just for fun. Like, I require– it says in the rider– a terrible turkey sandwich, and then, in parentheses, it says, open to interpretation. And then, either a real pinata or a hand-drawn picture of a pinata. Now, I do this for a couple of reasons. One, I think its hilarious. Two, its not very hard. You know, I mean, I had this girl come up to me once and– at a college, and she goes, oh, my god. I am so sorry. All they had was ham sandwiches. So I got you a ham sandwich. Is that okay? I said, a ham sandwich? Thats a pretty terrible turkey sandwich. I like the way youre interpreting things. And then, if you cant– you know, if you cant buy me a real pinata, then anyone can draw a pinata. And if you cant, then Ill refuse to perform, like I did in upstate New York at Elmira college for 25 minutes. And let me tell you this, if you have never had a 22-year-old begrudgingly draw you a pinata… I recommend it. Its a lot of fun. Here, you happy? You want your little game, T.J.? Here. You happy? But where will he hang from? And then sometimes people give me really cool pinatas, and I always take them home, and you got to carry them on the plane, cause you cant check a pinata. That should be a t-shirt. But I was at this small airport. It was, like, you know, maybe two gates, 25 passengers, and I went into the bathroom, and when I came out, there was a TSA agent, and she was already mad at me. Never met me. Already. Sir, excuse me. Do you have all your belongings? I said, yeah, I think– really? Those arent your belongings over there? Those arent your belongings? And I just look over, and my belongings that she was talking about was just this single, solitary, lonely pinata, like… what did I do? You know? I believe he was Ecuadorian. And I said, oh, yeah. Thats mine. I just, like, couldnt carry it into the bath– she goes, sir, if you dont have your belongings with you, were forced to confiscate and destroy them. You should know that. And I said, okay, yeah, I just–i didnt have– she goes, sir, forced to confiscate and destroy them. You should know that. And she was being so rude, I couldnt help it. I was just like, you should know this. First of all, I dont care about those belongings. I dont know why youre making it plural. Are you counting the legs separately? So you can confiscate it, and two, you should know that if you destroy those belongings, youre gonna get a lot of candy. [Applause] She didnt find that very funny. I have a problem right now with anybody who has a small modicum of authority over you, but then they exert more control than they need to because it makes them feel important, and its not just the tsa. For instance, recently I was trying to pay by credit card at a haunted house. And the girl said, Im gonna need to see some i.d. and I couldnt find my i.d., and I said, look, Im so sorry, but these are all my friends, and I said I would pay, so you could you just– can you make an exception this one time? And she goes, sorry. No credit card, no i.d. which didnt make any sense at all. In fact, that was the opposite of what was happening. I didnt think it was a good time to bring that up. So I said, look, I know that. I understand thats the protocol, but youre the only person here, you know, so maybe you could make an– I mean, she wasnt the only person there. That would be a terrible haunted house. Shes just like, heres your change. Hold on for just a little bit. Come on back! Ah! Wait here, like, 20, 30. But she was the only person that had to, like, you know, follow through with that rule, so she didnt let us in, so as I left, I just turned to her, and I went, so let me just get all this straight, okay? So youre telling me you wont let me pay for my friends and I to go into your establishment because I dont have i.d. for a credit card that youre concerned I stole and headed straight to the haunted house? I just found a credit card, and I was like, free money! What do we do, electronics? No, lets get scared with our friends for 25 minutes!' and I was really pissed too, you know, because I dont get scared by movies anymore, you know, or the dark or spiders. Its mostly just haunted houses and then Stephen King novels. Do you guys get scared by those? Are those scary? [Scattered applause] Yeah, if you dont think so, then youre wrong, and you need to think about your own life. Im sorry, thats this catchphrase that Im trying to get to catch on, you know? But it doesnt really fit anywhere, you know. Think about your own life. Anyway… but Stephen King novels, they really–they do. They scare me. Theyre so scary, I think hes got to get scared while hes writing them. Do you think? Do you think hes ever, like, oh, god. Oh, Jesus Christ. What will I write next? Ah! Theyre so scary, sometimes I dont even want to turn the page, you know? I just want to throw the book out the window. Or if Im in a room with no windows, I want to run into another room and throw it out of that window. Or if Im in a house with no windows, I want to run downstairs and throw it out of the front door. Or if Im in a house with no windows and no doors, thats scary. How did I get in there? Im not a very cool guy. Im really not. I know this because what do cool guys do when they get a corona, huh? What do they do with the lime? Theyll press the lime down into the bottle, and then they turn the bottle upside down so that the lime slowly floats upwards to the bottom of the bottle, and by they turn it back around, usually theyre having sex with a woman. I always try and do that. Im like, oh, yeah, youre going back to nursing– hold on a second. I got a corona, so– [mimics liquid splashing] and whenever I ask advice about how to kind of act more smooth in certain situations, people always give me similar– like, do you ever have anybody say to you, just do your thing? Just do your thing, man. Dont worry about it, T.J. just do your thing. Just do your thing. I dont want to do that. Because my thing is this: thats a weird thing. Dont tell me to do that. Thats not gonna help me in any situation. I am kind of a strange guy, as I mentioned. I want to tell a story to illustrate that. My ex-wife of 27 years, Karen, was throwing — [laughter] see, this is why comedians dont open up to audiences. Cause we get slapped in the face. She was throwing away her tennis outfit. You guys know what that is. Its a matching skirt and tank top used in the recreational play and competition of tennis. So she was getting rid of it, and I said, do you think that will fit me? And she said, yeah, I think its elastic. So I tried it on, and it fit, and I kept it for whenever I got high. Cause it was comfortable, and it looked hilarious. And one time we were all hanging out, and my cousin came over, and I was wearing the tennis outfit, and he goes, hey, you know what you should do? You should go downstairs to the corner of sunset and vine– which is a very busy intersection where I live in Los Angeles. And hes like, and you should smoke a cigarette in that outfit. I dare you. And I was like, you dare me? What are we, 15? Lets do this thing. So I went downstairs, but its Hollywood, so nobody was really weirded out by it. But then, as I was about to finish, this group of thuggish youths, you know, approached, like young rapscallions, neer-do-wells, no-goodniks, not-as-good-as-the-otherses. Its a phrase that never caught on in the 30s. They were approaching, and I knew they were gonna yell something at me. You know when kids are like, hey! Hey! You know, you know it. You know it. So I wanted to head them off at the pass. I wanted to yell something at them first, but Im not mean or tough. Im just weird, so I was like, what is the weirdest thing that a full-grown man in a tennis outfit could yell at a group of thuggish youths? So this is what I did as they approached. Like, hey! Hey! Before they could yell anything, just full tennis outfit, I turned, and I went: [clears throat] faggots! [Cheers and applause] But heres the thing, I was immediately punished for yelling that, because as I turned to run into my building because Im a coward and I didnt want them to kill me, I remembered that tennis outfits dont have pockets, so I didnt have the keys to my thing, so I was just left outside my building knocking, thinking, this is gonna be the weirdest obituary ever. But they didnt kill me, thank goodness. Um… all they did was– the toughest-looking kid, this is what he yelled. He just goes, you too old, you will-ferrell-looking motherfucker! Which, I think I win that round. Heres why. Lets imagine him telling the story later. Yo, so we was walking down the street, right? And there was this dude in a– full-grown guy, you know, tennis outfit. You know, matching skirt and tank top used in the recreational play and competition of tennis? So he looked at us, and he was like, heh-heh, faggots! No, he– no, he yelled that at us. What do you mean what was I wearing? I was wearing this. So anyway, we walked by, and I was like, you too old, you will-ferrell-looking motherfucker! What do you mean too old to what? Too old to wear a tennis outfit. You got to cut that shit out at 23. I used to live in chicago, and I was in new york for a little while. [Scattered applause] yeah, there it is. Thats the softest excitement for chicago– [cheers] I used to live in chicago. Three or four people were like, [weakly] yeah. I feel neutral about that. It was just more of an opportunity to let air out of my body. I like public transit, because you get to interact with people that you would never interact with otherwise, you know? The best thing I ever saw, on the train in chicago, theres was this kid. He had his shirt up above his nipples, and he was going like this: and I admired his freedom. But his father thought he was a funny guy, and he goes– loud enough so that everybody could hear–he goes, uh-oh. You know what happens to people with exposed bellies. Belly slap! And then he slapped the kids belly, like, really, really hard, though. Like, the kid was like… [grunting] so I wanted to say something. So I just walked up to the father, and I went, excuse me, sir. You gave your word. Slap it. They got off at the next stop. I followed them home. I lived with that family for two years. One thing I do not miss about being on public transportation is, I hate making eye contact with anybody under the age of three. Do you guys hate that? You ever lock eyes with a baby or a toddler? Cause they dont look away. They havent learned that yet, you know? So youll be like, hey, little buddy. And theyre like: and then eventually, you look away, cause youre a person with manners. But if you look back, theyre just still staring. So I always make a face, cause I feel like thats what I would have wanted when I was a little baby, you know? Lock eyes with a stranger. Make a little face, and I look at him, and I go: [hissing] which is difficult to explain if a mother catches you doing it. All right. Lets do some short jokes. These will be fun. I got called a gaywad recently. Gay wad. Some guy yelled at me from his truck. Thats great. One gay isnt enough for me. Im a wet clump of homosexuality. Is this gay, though? Last week, I roofied a girl. Yeah. But when she was passed out, I just redid her hair. It looked terrible. You guys like to play with words? Im dyslexic. And I got really depressed about it recently, so I ended up slitting my ankles. I left a suicide note. It said, see you later, crocodiles. Called somebody an Indian giver recently. They were really offended, so I had to take it back. My name is T.J. Miller. Im tired of being called t-gay butt-filler. So lets cut that out, specifically on the internet. I want to be known by my christian name, butt fucker. Thats what my boyfriend christian calls me. Im not gay, but thats a great joke. Dont get in the way of your own fun. Sometimes I can tell immediately when I meet someone that well never be good friends because of something that they say. Like, if when you like something, you say cool beans– like, cool beans. Thats cool beans. Then us being good friends is not cool beans with me. If you still think its still funny to say, guess what. Chicken butt. Guess what. Well never be good friends. If you say, that is so random. How random is that? That is, like, so random. Youre right; thats very random. But you know whats consistent? The fact that well never be good friends. And if were in the car and you say, ooh, look at the clock. Its 11:11. Make a wish. And 30 seconds later, youre still alive, my wish didnt come true, and well never be good friends. I like to go up to girls sometimes and go like this: so sarah and I were– excuse me. My eyes are up here. Theyre not down here. Theyre up here. I know I have glitter here. You look up here. Now slap it. I like long island iced teas. [Cheers] I like long island iced teas because theyre more of a statement than they are a drink. You know, the bartenders saying, what will you have? And youre saying, all of it. Ill take all of it. Put it in a tall weird glass. With a splash of coca-cola so no one can see how lonely I am inside. Mimosas are fun too, because if youre drinking champagne at 8:00 a.m., youre an alcoholic, but if you add orange juice, its just an early brunch. But beware of this, okay? Some places will advertise bottomless mimosas. Let me just say this, okay? From personal experience, if by 10:00 a.m. youre so drunk that youre physically forcing your waiter to wear the french toast hat that you made him, youve reached the bottom of those mimosas. Youve reached the rock bottom. [Cheers and applause] I have a prescription for marijuana in Los Angeles. [Cheers] Its for anxiety. Primarily anxiety about getting arrested for marijuana. [Applause] So lets clear that right up. I got kicked out of the party store for partying. That doesnt seem fair. They should call it the unfun streamer store where youre not allowed to break-dance and funnel gin and tonics store. Im so excited to tell this next joke. Hey, have you guys ever been to a big lots? It looks like a target just got looted. Its fun. Sometimes when Im talking to a guy with a short man complex– you know those guys with a napoleon complex that wont let you get a word in edgewise? When Im listening to them, I like to go like this… uh-huh. Sure. Really? Okay. And then what happened? No. Well, where was sarah? What did she say? No. Tell me more about that. Really? Uh-uh. And then when Im shorter than them, I just go, hows the weather up there? And I punch them in the dick. [Cheers and applause] that jokes even better on paper. My friend said to me, T.J., youre more of a word man. Me, not so much as much. I said, yeppers, yepppers, johnny deppers. You can use that. Id like to pre-face this next joke by saying that I dont know the correct pro-nown-ciation of the word prefikay. So I was reading the profuse of this book the other day, and I was like, this is so long, it needs its own prefachay.' pronunciation of the word preface joke didnt go that well, huh? Thats okay. I got other stuff. Hey, what do gay horses eat? All: hey! – Horse dick. Oh, you like that one better? Yeah? Just getting the intellectual barometer of the room. This guy. I like late laughers, you know? Guys that are thinking a little bit about it, decide to return to the laughter. [Laughs] [laughs] but Im not making fun of your laugh. I want you to know that–at all. Cause I hate it when people make fun of peoples laughs. Its such a terrible thing. You ever had anybody make fun of your laugh? Thats basically like saying, hey, you know that sound that you make when youre happy and joyful and the tragedy and sadness that permeates our lives is temporarily set aside for a moment of euphoria? Yeah, you sound stupid. You should stop doing that. And when we first started dating, karen used to say that she hated when I would laugh really hard, because she said it sounded like I wanted to kill her. You know how snoop dogg says you got to drop it like its hot? Well, I dropped that like it was any temperature. [Maniacal laughter] Im gonna kill you. Sorry. Ugh. This woman wouldnt let me hold her baby the other day, because she said I was too drunk. Okay, first of all, dont bring your baby into the bar. Am I right? And second of all, if Im drinking malt liquor on a playground, I call that a bar. Yeah. Yeah. Do you ever say something and you regret it right afterwards? Like I just did, yeah. You want to hear the worst thing that I ever said? This is so awful. I was at this party, and this girl came over, and she went into the bathroom, and I dont know why, but I turned to my friend, and I go, [wincing] looks like she got hit in the face with a shovel. And he was like, she did get hit in the face with a shovel. And I was like, sorry. And hes like, T.J., you hit her in the face with a shovel. Three weeks ago, you were burying treasure, and she scared you. And thats true. She came out of nowhere. I dont care if you– I dont care if you like my comedy or if you think Im funny. It doesnt matter to me, because after the show, Im probably gonna get a little bit of this. Maybe some of this. Some of this. Or if Im really lucky, tonight will be the night Ill get what Ive always been looking for, a little bit of this. You know whats weird about that one, those of you that didnt like it dont know why. Some of my best thinking is done in my shirt that says, Idaho? You da ho. I was thinking about how language truly is a elastic, isnt it? Even changing one letter can change the semantics of a word, and then I had a totally separate thought. I was thinking about how our perception of our own bodies is much more important than other peoples perception of our bodies. Isnt that true? And I was thinking about that when I was wearing my shirt that says, this is aint a beer belly. Its a gas tank for a fuck machine. So I guess what Im saying is, t-shirts can tell you a lot about a person and how they think. For instance, I saw a guy. He was wearing a shirt that said, warning, choking hazard. And then there was an arrow pointing down. And that tells you a few things about that guy. One, hes got a killer sense of humor. Am I right? Two, hes concerned with other peoples safety. Thats a bonus. And three, hes a date rapist. So dont talk to him. I feel like those are the guys that write bathroom graffiti. I dont know. How many of you are enthusiastic about bathroom graffiti? I think its nice for somebody to take time out of what theyre doing to write something for us to read while were doing what they were doing. But I find its often exaggerated, you know? Its hyperbole for effect. So I carry a sharpie marker, and Ill add to it underneath to make it more truthful. So you know, somebody will write, like, Florida state sucks. And underneath, Ill write, mostly because of budgetary restrictions. You know, or theyll write, Sarahs a slut. And underneath, Ill write, because her parents didnt give her enough attention, she seeks out male attention in negative ways. Thats true. Or somebody will write, for a good time, call this number. And Ill cross out the number and put mine, and then Ill cross out the word good and put, weird. And then Ill cut out two little eye holes right above it, so when theyre finished reading, and I just pop up and go: can you guys imagine if I had ketchup bottles instead of legs? Take a moment and imagine that. If I had ketchup bottles for legs. Look at that. Now, how many of you in here, when you imagined my legs of ketchup bottles, imagined the fat base of the bottle where my feet would be? By round of applause, how many people? Yes? [Applause] so youre all people that I would consider to be friends, and youre reasonable individuals, okay? Now how many of the rest of you live in a fanciful world, and you imagined that I had the little white caps as my shoes? [Applause] Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like thats physically possible. I cant balance on those little cippy-cappy. Tip-toppers. Okay? As soon as I get any speed going, Im gonna trip. My legs are gonna shatter everywhere. Heres another weird thing about the human mind. Now everybody imagine me with wings on my head. Imagine that. We all imagined the same thing, this, right? Nobody imagined this. Cause it hurts your nose. Ive been practicing introducing myself as someone named Tim Gregory. Here are my top three favorites. Hi, Im Tim Gregory. Put here there, right there. Yo, whats up? Its me, Timmy G. Tim Gregory. Whoa–i didnt notice you there, lurking in the shadows. Are you a ninja? Just kidding. Im Tim. So those are my three favorites. If you can think of any better ones, send me a Facebook message, but dont ever tell me to Facebook you, cause Ill just hit you in the face with a book. Well, we can all agree. Denver-boulder likes to fucking party. [Cheers and applause] as I mentioned before, I recently got divorced from my wife of– ex-wife now. I keep saying wife. My ex-wife of 27 years, Karen, and– you know, whenever you split from someone, we always want to blame the other person, dont we? We do. But its always both peoples fault. I had my part in it, you know? I was irresponsible. I didnt always keep my word, you know? I asked questions that I didnt really want to know the answer to. Like, guys, dont do this. I asked her what she thought about the size of… you know. And she said it was just right. Thats what she said, just right. Yeah, thats great. Lets all think about that as a group. That means shes had a lot smaller. Shes also had a lot bigger. But I ended up being just right. Shes like goldilocks. She tried everything. But the porridge was penises. Shes the goldilocks of dicks. Shes goldi-cocks. Ladies, you should know Im all head, no shaft. All head, no shaft. Looks like a portabella mushroom smashed my dick. Got one of them shiitake cocks. Super Mario 1-up dick. A girl goes down on me, she gets an extra guy. Thats weird. Now, I realize that I may have alienated some of you with that last piece of material. And I want to apologize, but rather than push you away, I was actually trying to help you by bringing you closer to me. And youre probably thinking, T.J., how is that possible? Well, what do we do when something goes wrong in our lives? What do we say? Fml, right? F. My life. Fuck my l. Or whatever you want to say. But hopefully the next time that something bad happens to you, youll stop yourself. Youll say, fm– hold on a second. You know, T.J. Miller came on stage, and he opened up to us about a condition that he had where he was primarily head and very little shaft. And no matter how bad things get for me, at least in college, they didnt use to call me old broccoli dick.' now, I tried to make the best of it, okay? I tried to make lemons out of lemonade. Thats very difficult. Thats the wrong order in which to do that. You got to freeze the lemonade into little frozen lemon ball sphere– I dont want to talk about it. The point is, my tale is a tale of inspiration and hope. Because with enough hard work and dedication, I was in yogi bear 3-d. [Cheers and applause] I am pleased to say that I made enough money that I got an operation down there, and now it looks a little bit more like this: my penis has a metal base, and the head is detachable. And it amplifies your voice, which makes for very confusing fellatio. But you know, Karen had her issues too. [Sighs] she had trust issues, you know? She went through my email. Do we have any girls in here that go through their guys email? – [Whistling] [scattered cheers] – do we have any girls in here that are sitting as completely still so as not to betray the fact that they– and why would she do that? And did you guys like that move when I almost hit the stool? That was pretty good. I almost hit the stool. I was about to back into it, but instead I did a little pirouette, and now everythings fine, and if I had just not mentioned it, we would have been good. She did. She went through my emails. Why would you do that? Why would you go through someones email? Did she find what she was looking for? Did she find some email that was like, hey, its me, T.J. read all this in whisper tone. I love cheating on you with my girlfriend, okay? All righty, I got to go. Shes sitting right next to me. Love you more than her, T.J. no, of course not, okay. And she even went through past emails, you know? She went through emails that I had sent to a college girlfriend, and why would she do that? Was she just like, i want to have a terrible week, you know? She came to me– this is true– and she said, you know what? Youre an unoriginal jerk. Everything that youve said to me, youve said to some other girl. And I felt awful, but I was like, yeah. Of course. Theres only a limited amount of words in the English language that make sense to say to a female. If you can only use them once, youre gonna run out and be like, garbage truck, banana boat. Did she want me to make up– – inconsiderate fuck! [All gasping] – oh, see, so– so as I was saying earlier, before a girl during my comedy central hour special got up and went, youre an inconsiderate fuck! [Applause] Oh, god. She had a back tattoo that in Chinese, I think, said, sorry. [Cheers and applause] it said– actually, I read the whole thing. It said, sorry, Im sure you thought this was going to be better. [Cheers] so as I was saying, you know, when Karen went through my emails and she said how unoriginal I was, I mean, what did she want me to do? Did she want me to make up words? I would have, you know? I loved her. You know. I would have gone up to her and said, hey, listen to me. I love you so much, but I would never say that, because Ive said it before. Instead, I want to tell you that youre absolutely fadaktuyaputs, and when were together, it is so shapunkayoots. And Ive never said any of this to anybody before. But when we make love, it is absolutely… [speaking nonsense syllables] no, cause she was a pessimist. She probably would have said, you probably said that to some native american girl. I travel a lot now. One of the ways that I make it better is, you know whenever a plane lands, the pilot will get on the p.a. system and go, united airlines would like to be the first to welcome you to Denver, Colorado. We appreciate your business, and we hope youll fly with us again. What I like to do is, right before were about to touch down, I just yell, welcome to Denver! Cause they have to get on and go, [sighs] well, now he said it, so I cant say it. He already said it. You shut up, Glenn. Youre the copilot. United airlines would like to be the second to welcome you to Denver, Colorado, thanks to passenger 19b who had 15 scotch and sodas and fell asleep in the bathroom. Thats a true story, that last part. [Cheers and applause] I live in southern California. In northern California, a young couple tried to sell their baby in a Walmart parking lot for $50. – Yeah! – Now, before you freak out– and definitely dont yell yeah like that guy did. That guy was like, yeah! Oh, nope. No. Im not in a safe place. Before you freak out, the couple was definitely meth heads. They were definitely meth heads. I know this because I looked up their picture online, and you know when youve been doing meth and youve been scratching your face all day cause it feels so good, and youre like, i got to stop scratching my face, otherwise its gonna start bleeding, but it feels so good that youre like, i just want to scratch it one more time, so you make a deal with yourself where youre like, okay, I can just scratch it one more time really, really good, and then I wont scratch it again, but then you start scratching, and youre like, Im gonna keep scratching. And then you start bleeding profusely? Thats when they took the picture. But Im not concerned with the sale of babies. Youll find that out about me if we become better friends. And Im also not too concerned with meth use until I heard this story, because meth is now– thats a terrible drug because of what it does to your mind in terms of understanding the value of a baby and how to sell a baby. $50? First of all, they picked the wrong sales location, and thats everything. A Walmart parking lot? No one is walking into a Walmart excited about their life and wanting to add more people to it. If anything, theyre there because they cant stop adding people to their life. Think about it. Have you ever walked into Walmart and been like, all my dreams are coming true? No. Okay. If anything, youre there cause you keep accidentally adding more lifes to your life. But lets just pretend for a second that somebody would wake up that morning, and theyre like, oh, I wish I had a baby, but I dont have a girlfriend or a wife, and I would buy one, but thats illegal, so I guess Ill just go to Walmart. And then, as theyre walking to Walmart, theyre approached by a young meth head couple, and they were like, hey, you want to buy a baby? Yes, I do. There is a deity. How much for the baby? $50. Whats wrong with the baby? $50? Is the baby on clearance? Are they rolling back baby prices? Can we all agree, okay, human life is priceless, right? But a baby is worth at least $1,200. Well, $1,300 if its Puerto Rican. [Moaning] you know, a lot of you reacted negatively to the last part of that joke, but if youd listened carefully, I overvalued the Puerto Rican baby by $100. So if when I said that the general baby was $1,200 and the Puerto Rican child was $1,300 and you went, ugh, youre racist. Think about your own life. [Cheers and applause] Okay, id like to do some characters for you guys. These are really short and strange, so if you didnt like the more abstract material, then youre definitely not gonna like this, but just bear with me. Itll all be over soon. This first character, this is, like, a hip-hop guy, but when he laughs, he laughs like a young Asian schoolgirl. Yo, whats up? You going to the club later? Yeah, Im about to hit that up. If Im lucky, Ill be hitting something else up later on, you know what Im saying? [Tittering] this next character… this is a guy who doesnt know how to use the word clusterfuck correctly. Hey, you know that waitress I was with last night? Totally clusterfucked her. This next character, this is a guy who– whenever hes trying to think of something, he hums to himself, but the only music hes ever heard is heavy metal. How long have I lived here? I have to think about that. [Humming aggressively] oh, about six months. Thank you. This next character, this is guy whose favorite bar is a gay bar, but he doesnt know that its a gay bar. You guys want to go to my favorite place? Yeah, its called the man hole. Yeah, its a lot of fun. You can take off your shirt if it gets hot, and they have holes in the bathroom stalls so you can play tricks on each other, like, what are you doing in there?' this next character, this is a robot whos about to get busy on the dance floor by doing the person. All right, lets do this thing. Im gonna do the person. I have emotions, and I need to eat to live. [Cheers and applause] This is a girl whose orgasm face, her o face, is completely neutral. Oh, my gosh. Oh. Oh, this is amazing. Oh, right there. Right there. Oh, here it comes. Here it comes. [Moaning] oh, my god. That was amazing. This is a guy whos really pushy about whether or not you want a bite of his banana. Hey, you want a bite of this or not? Im not asking a second time. You want potassium in your diet, or do you want to get a foot cramp tonight? Times ticking. [Muffled] fuck you. And this is guy whos impotent, but that doesnt stop him from talking really dirty in the bedroom. Oh, yeah, you want some of this soggy churro, huh? Come get some of this limp, broken babys arm. Lets see if we can get this wet noodle al dente. That was too much probably. Yeah. Sorry. Was probably too much. Oh, then youre definitely not gonna like this one. So this a girl that, whenever she gets her period, she talks about it a lot, because she thinks its really cute and funny, but its not. Its her period, and its private, and she doesnt need to talk about it all the time. Okay, you guys, I have to go to the little girls room. Yeah, a little visit from aunt Flo. Its a crimson wave down there, so save me some calamari. No marinara, though. I brought my own. [Explosion] [cheers and applause] [alarm sounding] [gunfire] So this next character… this is a girl whos in Las Vegas, and she desperately wants to use the slogan for Las Vegas, but she doesnt know how or why or when to use it. Hey, you guys, I have a boiled egg in my panties. What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas. This next character, this is a comedian who probably should have quit while he was ahead. [Cheers and applause] This is a southern belle whos very unattractive, so when she walks down the street, she has to whistle at herself to get peoples attention. [Whistling] why dont you take a picture? Itll last longer. Heres a camera. Thanks. Bye-bye now. Whoops, caught you– whoops, caught you looking– excuse me. Whoops, caught you looking. Okay. This is a girl who set out to have a fun time for the evening but ended up just ruining it for everybody. Youre an inconsiderate asshole. [Cheers and applause] This is a guy who, whenever something goes right for him, he celebrates, but for too long and in the wrong way. Hey, did you guys hear the Miami heat covered the spread? Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Notice the arms! Thank you– [cheers and applause] All right, so just want to tell you guys one more story. Sorry theres so much confetti on you. This guys covered in confetti. How often does that happen, though? Wouldnt it be weird if you were like, pretty much every day. Hes had the weirdest life. So I want to tell one last story. This is a true story. I really like making a face when I get my drivers license photo taken, but its illegal in California. Youre not allowed to do that. I know, because I called, and I asked, and they said if you make a face, then they have to retake the photograph, and if you do it three times, then you dont get your license for the day. And I was really bummed out, but then I came up with what I think is one of the best ideas that Ive ever had. What are they gonna do if you walk into the dmv already making the face? Now, you got to pick a face that doesnt look like youre making a face, but you still want to look weird, so the one I went with was this one. Cause theres people that look like that. And thats what I held for and hour and 25 minutes. Thats true. This is true. I went through every single line. I did. I was like, here you go. [Mumbling] I wasnt even sitting. I was just crouching. Then it came time to go to the photography line, so I went all the way through, and I gave them my stuff. I was like, here you go. Which, I dont know why I changed my voice. I didnt need to. I guess I just thought it matched, but the guy in the photography line– this is all true– he wasnt even looking. He was on the computer, and when he looked up and saw my face, I swear to god, he went like this. He goes… [gasps] now, I realize Im the one creating the mischief here, but if your reflexive reaction to a strange-looking individual is… [gasps] perhaps dont work in the photography section of the dmv. So my paperwork was all in order. All he could say was, okay, go stand behind the white line, and as I turned, I began to laugh, and I had to compose myself, because I remembered that the only thing that he can say to me when it came time to take a photograph was smile. And I realized that this guy… when he smiles, can look real weird. So I got ready to take the photograph, you know. I stood behind the white line. I was like… the guys like, okay, you all set? Im like, [muffled] uh-huh. Yeah. Hes like, okay… smile. [Mimics flash bulb popping] thats whats on my California drivers license. [Cheers and applause] thank you guys very much. That concludes the show, but before I saw good-bye, I just want to say… hell yeah it is. Good night, everybody. Thank you very much. [Cheers and applause] [upbeat hip-hop music] ? – ? Denver, Denver – ? calling from Denver – ? freedom of speech here, no censure ? ? but dont diss the city or the thunderdome you enter ? ? talk shit about her ? trust that Ill defend her ? ? attack Denver, your weapons we render ? – ? useless – ? chug coors, tip the bartender ? – ? Denver, Denver – ? calling from Denver – ? address unknown ? return to Denver ? only go to gay pride when Im on a bender ? ? aint like Texas women ? ? dont have to guess the gender ? ? rocky mountain oysters, Ill eat it if its tender ? ? youd eat bulls balls too if you had human balls, wendell ? – ?Denver, Denver ? ? fuck you, wendell? – ? girls hot are hot trans fat or transgender ? ? if youre daughters bad at school ? ? theyre gonna suspend her ? ? prep a deep tan in pueblo ? pretender ? we got the rocky mountains in all of their splendor ? ? but not rocky, cause we are a contender ? – ? Denver, Denver ? calling from Denver – ? Atlantas where they players play ? ? but they live in Denver ? rather drive stoned, avoid a fender bender ? ? want to marry holly but obsessed with kendra ? ? went to war with Texas ?they surrendered ? ? whats more, all that stuff ? ? about us eating Texan babies is folklore ? ? we do drink their blood though ? ? seriously, fuck a bunch of Texans-er ? – ? Denver, Denver – ? calling from Denver – ? I grabbed your ass cause it was looking tender ? ? dont send me to jail ? ? Im a first-time offender ? ? go ahead ?assign a public defender ? ? cause our lawyers are the fucking bomb, yall ? Have a dope-ass legal representation! [Grunting] Legal eagles and legal beagles, yall! Dont forget what you heard! Go forth and spread the word, yall! Denver, Colorado! Ballerado! 303 dopest lawyers in the country, yo! One time for J. Kent miller. Doin law, yall! Check it! You know how those Colorado lawyers do, what! They always got to back up to drink, man! Why? Cause they just passed the bar, yall! T.J., god damn it. You rhymed tender with Denver like six times. More like three. Thats still a lot. Thats true

JIMMY CARR@BEING FUNNY@2011@Thank you very much. Good, Hello! Good Evening. Hello, Hello. Hello. Lovely. Quite well. Im Jimmy Carr. These are my jokes, lets not fuck about. Before we get started who has seen me before? Who has never seen me before? You sound happier. Im not entirely sure this is working. According to Ofcom… The people that make guidelines for television. According to Ofcom, the most offensive words on TV are the F word and C word, but Im live on stage this evening so I can say whatever the fuck I like. And those cunts cant do anything about it. I got trouble getting up tonight, Had to organize a baby sitter. I dont have children. I found out, they are cheaper than escorts. She is 17, there is nothing she wont do for 50 pounds. Its sort of half a joke, That isnt? Cos its quite funny but also true. When Im away from home I sometime get love sick. Well, They call it chlamydia. I spend a lot of my time away from home, cause this is my job. I travel around the country telling jokes to people. I love it. But I spend a lot of my time away staying in hotels, because I have to travel. I was in a hotel couple of weeks ago, walked into the hotel room, as I walked in there, just on the TV it said: The adult channel is disabled. I thought: Thats a bit specialist Im joking. I was gutted, no Spas porn. Im sure youve all seen this, Birmingham. On trains, they have got seats reserved for elderly, disabled and pregnant people. Begs the question: who is fucking all these old cripples? Have you ever heard something so dumb its almost brilliant? So stupid that it takes you a moment to work out what just happened. I give you an example. I was on a bus. I heard this girl get on the bus. Walked up to driver and go: Can I get returned? And the driver went: Where to? And She went: Back here. It took me like an extra beat to… whats going on? Oh she is a fucking idiot. Case Closed. People worry about their physical appearance. We all got silly hang-ups. Personally I worry that one of my ball is bigger, than the other two. I shave my testicles. I call them Brazil Nuts Makes me giggle. Cos it tickles when I do it. The first few weeks of joining weight watchers, you are just finding your feet. Well done. Altogether or not at all on the laughter I think. Feed line, punch line, laugh. Dont fuck about. You getting it late nonsense. Are there any ginger people in tonight? We got any ginger people? We have contained the problem there Good.. Ginger people get given hard time. People say very unkind things about gingers. But I think you should be destroyed humanely. I can talk, check out the look. Im rocking like a Lego Hitler. Das is Sta, hm? When I broke up with my last girlfriend I said: I blame myself, I should never have let you… let yourself go. But you have so you have to fuck off. Do you read the Sunday papers, Birmingham? Do you read the Sunday papers? I like the papers on Sunday morning. These are nice times to reflect on last week and also to look ahead for next week. We read the Sunday paper like News of the World in bed, Sunday morning. Couple of weeks ago. Tea, toast, Sunday paper. What could be nice… What could be more British anyway; my girlfriend turns to me, there is some sex scandal in News of the World. As there invariably is. My girlfriend turned to me and went: I hope I never find out you are having an affair. I said: me too. You could be moral arbiter on this one Birmingham. Right? You be the moral arbiter on this one this evening. I have got a friend he got dumped by his girlfriend. She ended their relationship. Just because he said something. They were making love, they were mid-coitus. Fucking. As he orgasm, as he arrived, ejaculated, came. Most intimate, but also most vulnerable time for man. As that occurred as he… He said: Bang! and dirty is gone I can see two distinct groups of men. There are some men looking at as if to say: I dont think thats not bad. I think she has over-reacted a little bit. And I can see other men looking at me as if to say, Note to self. You gotta be very careful with jokes in the bedroom. Cause it quite funny to say to the girl Who is sucking you off: Its rude to talk with your mouth full. But its even funnier if she says: Well, its not full. Having sex with someone at work is all right. As long as you dont work in a Primary school. I have got a friend who is a part time teacher. Well, they all are part time. Are there any teachers in? Come on, its your own time you are wasting. Where the teachers? Give us a shout. The teachers What was it that first attracted you to… children? Not all teachers obviously that will be mental. But P.E teachers, They are Rongans. Do you know what P.E is short for? Paedo. Its a fact. You can look that up. You know why so many American kids die in high school massacres? Its cos they are not allowed to run in corridors. Take your time with that. Thats wrong on number of levels. I dont know if you have notice this Birmingham. Its very difficult to get the first kiss right. You wanna be firm but gentle…. You wanna be manly…. You dont wanna wake her up. First dates are very delicates. Anyone on first date this evening? Is anyone on first first date? No? – Yeah, yeah. On your own? Seems a little bit suspect, doesnt it? We are going somewhere very special. Sorry, I realised women dont masturbate You just expect us to believe You really enjoy baths. Well, good luck if you are on first date You see first dates are very delicate. Cause if you call her the next day She will think you are too keen Shell be put off. If you never phone shell think the worst of you. So what I do is a compromise, I phone her the next day and call her a slag. Sometimes you can sense a friend wants to take things further. Will it ruin the friendship? Things get hot and heavy on the sofa one night and you think: This doesnt feel right you are my best friend. You not even allowed on the couch. Bad Dog, Down Boy. Did I say, Down Boy? Ah, I have made it gay. I fucked a girl with one leg. Should have used my cock. You know, I realize this joke doesnt require a mime. Its Saturday night in Birmingham. Come on! I said to my girlfriend, I said: Do you wanna experiment with role play with rape fantasy? She said: No! I said: Thats the spirit! Rape is such a horrible word its such a harsh brutal, awful word. Rape. Thats why I prefer to call it: A struggle snuggle. You couldnt stay mad at a struggle snuggle. Could you? Bloody adorable. Now, I been a comedian now for about ten years. I been doing this for about ten years, I thought this year.. I thought this year I would try and get a bit better. Not a crazy idea right? One of things I was quite weak on was regional accents. Is anyone here good at regional accents? – AYE. You could barely say the word Yes, there so… You are not even good at talking, never mind accents. But I was no good at doing regional accents And its one of those things as a comedian. Its quite good if you could be good at regional accents. Cos its good for telling jokes. I thought well I Go away I do some research. This evening I would like to give you a master class in regional accents. Cause I have discovered the secret and secret is this. All you need is key phrase to get you started in regional Dialect and then you go on with it. Once you get started once you get it in your head youre fine. But getting started can be tricky. So I would kick off with, I tell you what Ill kick off with Scouse? Any Scouses in We have got Scouse over there? Where is the Scouse? Give us a shout. Dont worry. We are not gonna take your benefits away. This is the phrase I use to do the Scouse accent. This is the phrase I have in my head to get me started in the Scouse. I want some chicken and a can of coke. I want some chicken and a can of coke. A can of coke. I want some chicken and a can of coke. Little head bubble just comes if you say it a few times. I want some chicken and a can of coke. Lets make Scouses feel at home. Lets every one, on 3 I want some chicken and a can of coke. OK? 1-2-3 – I want some chicken and a can of coke. Fantastic, Birmingham. Bloody well done. Obviously thats just to get you started. Once you get started then you say something properly authentically Scouse. I want some chicken and a can of coke. Im going on the rob. I gotta get a presie. Its me grans birthday. She is 30. Anyone in from Belfast? You are Belfast? Where is Belfast? Hey Belfast. This is the phrase I use to get Belfast accent right. Ginger and Community. The terrifying stare is optional. But I find it helps. Ginger and Community. Community Has more syllables than you thought it had. OK, lets try every one, lets go Belfast. Ginger and Community. 1-2-3 – Ginger and Community. Perfect. You are now all qualified to say There is a bomb in the car. Roller Coaster, Pooper-Scooper, Umpa Lumpa, Kawasaki. Four unrelated words. Meaningless in all respects other than if you are trying to do the Geordie accent. In which case they are fucking gift Rolla Coasta Poopa Scoopa Umpa-lumpa. Kawasaki. Makes me happy. All together, Rolla Costa – Rolla Coasta Poopa Scoopa – Poopa Scoopa Umpa-lumpa. – Umpa-lumpa. Kawasaki. – KAWASAKI. Perfect. Are there any Geordies in? No. Presumably they are outside with their shirts off fighting. But I wonder what the fellas are up to? Welsh. Have we got any Welsh people in? – Yeah! My God we have got an army. I have discovered the secret to the Welsh accent isnt so much a phrase. Its more a state of mind. To do a good Welsh accent you just gotta sound… Confused. Whose coat is that jacket? Whose shoes are those trainers? Lets all try. Whose coat is that jacket? – Whose coat is that jacket? Whose shoes are those trainers? – Whose shoes are those trainers? Perfect. See those two houses… the one in the middle is mine. That paper you sitting on. Are you reading that? I came out of the shop and there was my bike, Gone. Anyone from Manchester? No one from Manchester? Accent is pretty easy for Manchester You just need three words. Saw it. All right. Not Bad. You know one of my best friend is from Manchester. He is called Ali. He was named after where he was conceived. Any Scottish people in? We got Scottish? Hello. You are living the stereotype, arent you love? Obviously for the Scottish accent. Probably the best phrase to use is Theres been a murder! Chances are, theres probably fucking has been. Of course living in Scotland, the main benefits are: Unemployment and housing. See the Scouses here are perked up. Like a Chave meercat. Theres is a bit of drink problem in Scotland. I hope you dont mind me saying? Up there, they think Im a double act. And drunks. You wouldnt believe the fucking drunks. Whereabouts Scotland you are form? Fort William? I dont know where the fuck that is. What? What sorry? You got sort of accent that meets speech impediment I think. Lockness Monster? You introducing yourself? Sorry. Didnt mean it. Sorry. But the drugs in.. Drugs in Scotland Up there a drug called metadone: I cant believe its not heroin. Think that the easiest accent in UK is the West Country. Cause the West Country is just a pirate voice. Isnt? Who cant do a fucking pirate voice? Arrrgh! Im going on a date. With my sister. Hope my mummy doesnt find out. Im cheating on her. Are there people in from West Country? Hey there, Hi. Hello. Im not being patronising. I just thought it will be a treat for you to see hand with five fingers. Look like that.. Now what would be the phrase. You always gonna try and do the Birmingham accent What would be the phrase for Birmingham? All right? All right? Other Phrase that comes up a lot in Birmingham: Its fucking shitty. All right? Its fucking shitty. Any other phrases for Birmingham? What was that? That was all just vowels! What was it? have ya al right? have ya all right. Have you had a stroke? Said I shouldnt really joke about stroke if I ever had a stroke I would be laughing at the other side of my face. Are there any other words? Any other key phrases for Birmingham? Ah what sorry? Cup of tea? How am ya? How am ya? How am ya? Poorly educated. Have we got any other exotic accents in the room? Any one from over seas or anywhere exciting? Anyone from UK that we have missed. Any other place in the UK – Jersey. Jersey? You havent got an accent, you tax dodging scum. Who knew there was that much anti-Jersey feeling? Simmering under. Finally some one said it! You are basically French, now fuck off. Has anyone got a different accents we havent covered. Essex? You Muggy MILF you Fucky Slag. Come on, Come on Fucking Slag I dont know how they make Essex men. Presumably a man who fucks a chicken. They got a lot of that going on Any others? What, Sorry? Aussie? I can do Aussie… Yorkshire! Yorkshire? Its 25 Pounds a ticket, i thought we priced you out Yorkshire? Yorkshire. Say what I like and I like what I bloody well say. Wicked, Tele, Froogle Cricket. My favourite Yorkshire phrase is tin tin tin. Which means: It isnt in the tin. Tin tin tin. Tin tin tin. Where is Australian? Give us a shout Australian man. You still fucking there? Where are you? I can do Australian. Is it the Prime Minister or President. I can never remember. But I can Alaf from Home & Away. Which ever one he is. You are acting like a bloody hoon mate. Alarigan and prized Galaveer What ever the fuck a Galaveer is. Whereabouts in Australia you are from? Melbourne. So you werent affected by the flooding, were you? Is that why you sat so high up? Im not taking any fucking chances but I mean people..You know. People lost every thing in the flooding. Cos they had forgotten to tie their Kangaroos down. Serious. People Drowned. And you wouldnt have expected that. Cos they all were wearing hats with corks on. Any others? What? What was that one? You are Chinese? You dont really sound Chinese Sir. Ill be honest with you and I think if I did a Chinese accent now it would… It would smack a Razy Lacism. Oh That take you a long time innit? Hang on, Hang on. Oh no. Got it Any others? Jamaican? Jamaica? You know what my name is? You aware of this? Oh well this will be a treat for you. I would like every one in the room to say my name in Jamaican accent. 1-2-3. – JIMMY CARR. Im Jamaica. Did he went: Yeah. Bombaclat. Apparently we got some bombaclat in. I dont know. Hold on a bloody minute. Any others? Dublin? Where is the Dublin? Hello! You from Dublin? I saw documentary about your weddings I thought that was terrific Thats my fav.. You know Im a plastic paddy. What they call a plastic paddy I got Irish parents, Irish passport, Born in Ireland But I speak and present myself in this way because I was raised and educated in home countys which goes to show what you can do. When you apply yourself. Do you wanna hear my favourite Irish joke. Maybe only Irish people get this joke. Ill tell you and see. Whats the difference between a riot and a gypsy weeding? You cant buy a gate at a riot. Maybe thats just an Irish thing I dont know… Well, well move on. Every year in my show I write some jokes that require a visual element to be fully enjoyed and this year is no exception. So what I thought I do right now is show you some of the pictures I have done to illustrate the next jokes. Do you wanna see them? – Yeah. Excellent news. Cause that is what happens next I had some ideas. I kick off with some ideas I have had a idea for a Rape Alarm that when you press it plays Benny Hill theme music. You know to make it more of a keeper. Some advice for you. The best way to test the temperature of bath is with the Babys elbow. I had an idea how to proper par currency the Pound against Euro and the Dollar. What you do is you print new Pounds and this time the Queen is smiling. And if things get really bad… tits out your majesty. Lil joke for you. What would you get if you cross the Queen and prince Philip Killed in a tunnel. -Carr Killed by Fiat Driver- Too soon? Its been 14 years. Get over it. All right, Point taken. Ill drop that from Royal Variety. I say that Prince Philip have already pissed himself. Although he is 82.He probably piss himself anyway. Some thoughts for you. When you think about it a Rhino is just a Unicorn that didnt moisturise. Gillette. Gillette claims to be The best a man can get. What about a blow job from twins? Whatever happened to Jedwood? The speed men shaving adverts. If I shave to that kind of speed my balls are being shreds When I was told I was bipolar I didnt know whether to laugh or cry. Friends of mine got OCD. For those of you that dont know OCD is an abbreviation Its just a shorter and quicker way of saying. Id be a really annoying girlfriend. True Story. If all the veins in your body were laid out in straight line You would die. Lets talk about some social issues. My neighbour is noisy and nosey. He is always banging on the walls shouting: Is anyone there? I have fallen, is anyone there? Its none of your business, if anyone is here. Still he has gone quiet now. Childhood is now effectively over by 11. Which is when pubs close and uncle Terry gets home. Owh. Uncle Terry. I was traumatized as a child. Our Priest was cheating on me. I just want to reach out to people that have attempted suicide and say: Come on, Have another go. Keys to the city, Thats a weird thing. Keys to the city. Course they dont have that in Liverpool do they? You just get given a coat hanger. As of fashion statements Socks with sandles says: Im either a German, a paedophile or a cunt. Quite possibly… all three. Apologies to any paedophiles or cunts we have in. Its not gonna be any Germans… its a comedy gig. Health: Lets talk about health. Health is important. Isnt it? I heard that because of women putting on so much weight during pregnancy Its a good idea to take off your weeding ring. So I did Posh Spice. Victoria Beckham. She is so thin she gotta be careful when she has a bath Cause if the water is to hot she could turn into stock Obese Children put a lot of strain on NHS. Not to mention See-Saws and swings You know if things carry on as they are it is predicted that in 40 years time the average toddler will be 43. I tell you what, lets talk about religion, that could not possibly upset anyone If Jesus is the way and to be a Christian is be in Christ? Then, arent Christians just in the way? Jesus says he loves me but I worry about the age gap. Now you have notice out of deference and respect to our Lord and Saviour: Jesus Christ I have let him bum me. I have got a Muslim friend who is very religious. Feel the tension in the room… I have got a Muslim friend who is very religious, he knows the Quran backwards. Which is handy cause thats how you read it. Surprisingly well informed and inoffensive joke about Islamic faith. And thats because Im not a fucking idiot. What the Christians gonna do? Forgive me? Good luck with that. Speaking of Christians any Catholics in? A few Catholics. Catholics are a weird bunch. Look at the Rosary. Basically anal beads. Thank you very much. Excellent. Now I think next thing for me career wise Ladies and Gentleman will be doing some sort of interview show where I talk to people. You know this kind of set up. Couple of chairs. You face off against each other. Parkinson, Jonathan Ross, Graham Norton. Those kind of shows. That would be great to get but you cant just start doing that on TV like day one. That would be tricky. So I thought what I would do on this tour is practice. Get some one out in the audience every night with an interesting job or a claim to fame and interview them and get a bit of practice with the interviewing. So to that end, does anyone have an interesting job or a claim to fame? Oh go on, your hand goes straight up, what do you do? You are on TV in Poland. I will take that to mean, you work in adult film business. You been on Polish TV. Thats a claim to fame well done you. And Polish Radio. Well Finally. That fucking sealed the deal. Ok. Any other claims to fame, Interesting jobs? Any other? It could be from anywhere. You are a priest. Who is a priest? You are a priest? Im looking at you. I think you might had some dealing with priests. Just stand up, just for a second. Turn around so that people can see you. You see, I mean, am I… am I being cynical? Cause he is definitely not a fucking priest. Any other interesting jobs? What sorry? – I own my own pizza shop. You own your own pizza shop. Is that a fucking job for yourself. I own me own Pizza Shop. There is a massive problem with obesity in this country, you should be fucking ashamed. Pizza, well done!! And best Pizza you say? – Voted best pizza in Britain. Voted best pizza in Britain by….. You? Best independent Pizza Co…. I didnt care the first time. Any other unusual jobs or claims to fame? – Im a funeral director You are what? – Funeral Director. A Funeral director.. Love.. Your voice couldnt go any better with your job He is fucking dead. How am ya? Dead Its fucking shitty A funeral director, Thats interesting.. I mean as a job thats fascinating. Any other interesting jobs? Whats your name? Caroline, What you do Caroline? You work in T.V. What do you do in T.V.? You work on what, sorry? You work on Holby City. Well done. I love it. I Love what you have done with Holby City. I think the fucking genius move with Holby City was casting Hugh Lauriho, and changing the location to America. Well done you. I think we should talk to the Funeral… Should we talk to the funeral director? Funeral director. What are the chances of you getting down here. Dont fucking jump or we would have to bury you. Make your way down to here then we can talk to funeral director. That sounds exciting While he is making his way down… Yeah give him, give him a smash While he is making his way down cause its a big old venue, itll take him a minute. Any other claims to fame in the room any other exciting… You are what? You are a palaeontologist? In Birmingham? In any case if Dinosaur.. Its dinosaur bones, yes? And you look at those not just dinosaur, have you got any part time job in Aztec? What else do you look at? Different fossils. WOW! Palaeontology is brilliant wonderful scientific thing to do. I did a project on Dinosaurs when I was six. I loved it. I was very excited, I did lot of pictures and I stuck them in and I did a whole project on Dinosaurs and I love them. And then what I did, and – this is an interesting note to you – I grew up. Still doing my Dinosaur book, I like it. Rrraaa! I will indulge you.. Whats your favourite Dinosaur? Velociraptor. Because of Jurassic Park. Ah, But you might as well have said Barney Grow up. Where the fuck has this undertaker gone? Im starting to worry that there has been a death in the village and hes been called away Where the fuck is he? Where the fucking hell did you come from? Come and say Hello! You are a funeral director. Hello, How are you? Come and say hello. Right, how are you Sir? Have a sit down. Im all right. Whats your…. Sorry, how am Ya? …………. OK. You are not a gangster rapper. Just hold that like…. Hold that like a normal human being. Whats your name? I didnt even get your name. John! John, OK. Well I will set this up properly. Hello, my name is Jimmy Carr and Im joined this evening by John The Funeral director from Birmingham. John, tell us sir, what is your… What is your average day? Involve making coffins and doing funerals. Doing Funerals? Yeah, yeah, making coffins. Yeah, yeah, collecting deceased, Im slightly terrified by you. How do you… So you collect the body? In a hearse or? Just the back of transit? In the private ambulance. Sort of like a transit but a bit more sophisticated. Bit more sophisticated. When you say private ambulance, is it just a transit with ambulance written on it in paint , in dirt? Not really, Not quite like that. So you go and collect them from the.. So you have to turn up all kind of you know in black suit and stuff? Do you? Yeah, yeah, thats why Im sitting here and nobody recognizes me. They are not gonna recognize you anyway cause they are dead Thats probably…. I just.. I cant believe Im here with you. Nice one.. This is unreal. Must be lovely to meet some one who is still breathing. Lovely fucking change for you. Do you get involved in the embarming? Not so much now. When I first started I had a bit you know, I had with that stuff, but not so much now. I been doing it for years. Sorry, so not so much now sounds like there was an incident that stopped you from doing it. Nah Nah Nah Sounds like, well hang on get away from there I tend not to.. Do much with the bodies any more If thats.. Thats the right thing to say. You dont do so much with the bodies now? No No. Im more to do with coffins and funerals. Now you work in this industry. Is there any…Now necrophilia is something that is talked about. Im only asking Cos, because people think they are gonna get away with it. But ultimately you know, theyd get caught cos some rotten cunt will spilt on them. Its my necrophilia joke everyone. You are welcome, I havent been caught yet. You havent been caught Do you know any of my favourite, like funeral joke? Not undertaker joke. I dont know if it like based on the true thing. You might even know this even. There, there.. Old lady, beautiful nice old lady her husband died, she goes to the funeral parlour or where you work She was talking to the guy that does your job and he says:He is beautifully laid out That classic sort of thing always: Never looked better, Looks lovely But I wanted him to be in his blue suit, and you got him in brown suit Could you put him in his blue suit, I mean his brown suit and guy says: Not a problem madam and then leans out on door and goes Change the heads on two and four Cos presumably once you burying them Do things get stopped Do people get buried with jewellery? Na na nothing like that. Its a nice watch man Just so you live in Birmingham? Just outside Birmingham. Black Country. Black country in a Black Country. Racist Thats an interesting thing. How did you get into being a… I did my work experience when I was in school You did your work experience Yeah yeah Sounds like you turned up to that meeting late Whats left sir? Well you are gonna be working with corpses Thats quite a cool thing. Isnt? Sure Has anyone ever woken up? No. Cos you hear stories about something to do with fluids in spine You hear stories about people kind of bolt up right Oh never, Never Nothing like that Nothing like that.You just position them How you want your own way John You come up with the thing you like I think its an interesting thing to do It a lifeless ordeal to work as funeral director kind of corpses and things And death you gotta deal with it. Part of life Whatever I feel, I should give something back and the thing Im good at is writing jokes. Im good at doing one liners so I would like to do A joke for you about any.. Its sort of like.. Its what I can do. What I can offer the world is jokes. So what would you like a joke about? Could be anything at all. Could be funeral directing could be getting married, Could be anything you want Anything at all. I will write a joke of the top of my head just really quick Drum and bass Music. Why did.. Why did the Lion get lost in the forest I dont know Because Jungle is massive. I think.. I think that was too easy I think that was too easy a thing Why dont you go for something else. Something more difficult. Anything at all Motor Bikes All right OK.OK two motorcycle guys Bikers Like Hells Angels Bikers. Two Guys massive Bikes Walk into a bar. They are all in Holy Debs and kit Whatever Helmets on. Walk into a bar. Barman sees them coming. Bar man Goes: Drinks, Gentlemen? And the Bikers go: Cos, its two of them Thats pretty good though. Time out, Could you just…. John, This is not like a set up thing? I dont know you right? So off the top of my head you said Bikers you couldve said anything Motor Bikes and I did Bikers and off the top.. Two of them and then.. Brilliant. John every one. Give him round of applause Thank you so much Really appreciate coming out man. Thank you so much. John everyone I very much enjoyed my brilliant motor bike joke There was no joke there John We were just fucking with you He is the nicest man. I hope when I die he buries me Dont interfere John Leave that alone I didnt like it when I was alive Right, More of me My Girlfriend said to me during sex She said: Did you remember to lock the front door? I said:  yeah, There is no way you gonna escape I had a relationship with a blind girl Which was rewarding but challenging. It took me ages to Get her husbands voice right. You didnt see that coming Neither did she… Who picks up guide dogs shit? Some young women drink so much they black out And cant remember what happened the night before If thats you, Dont worry Love I made a video I shouldnt joke. my grand dad was an alcoholic We used to call him Alcho Pops I remember I used to press flowers Well I say they used to fall over a lot in the garden Have you been to cinema recently? has anyone been to cinema? There is an advert now in cinema telling you not to buy pirate DVDs Because its not the real cinema experience And it goes on to say, because if you buy a pirate DvD Someone might get up in the middle of film And go for a piss and you think, Yeah that is annoying But its a lot like being in the cinema My ex girlfriend bought me the Kamasutra last year as a gift Which put me in very awkward position. I would like to talk about a sex act that i dont fully understand Are you all familiar with the 69 Yes? I like the 69 as much as the next man Hoping that isnt a man that would be terrible. I like the 69 but I dont really understand it because its incredibly intimate thing to do with another human being But how does 69 ever occurred Only ever happens when the man says to woman Would you do that thing that I like? And woman goes all right but only if you do the thing that I like Not a problem there you go And the woman says: No because the last time I did the thing that you liked You were little bit sleepy afterwards You fucked off to sleep. You said wed call it 68. Its like the 69 but I owe you one I like every thing about 69 apart from the view. The Paraneium or tint I like to call it the Amanda Holden. Because Like Amanda Holden, on Britain got talent last year Its the bit between ass hole and cunt Piers fucking Morgan. He is interviewing people now When I said I wanted Piers Morgan to get Parkinsons, I didnt mean his fucking job You shaking your head at Parkinsons joke Thats inappropriate. All right lets try some rude stuff see how we get along. Lady wind Queefing Fanny Farts The Expulsion of air from Vajayjay during sexual intercourse A Cunt Grunt There are two main responses when a queef occurs. Some couples it doesnt matter how gnarly and squishy the noise They deny the queef. Did you hear anything? No I didnt hear anything And they move on Some couples its a funny little noise Theyll have a little giggle they move on Not a problem. I like to go on a third way I like to pretend that vagina is talking to me. Whats that? theres a boy trapped down in a well I like to think of myself as The Vagina Whisperer. What happened? Did you get a phone call? This Scottish lady got a phone call I imagine drugs are arriving any minute You all right? You switched it off and it rang anyway Ah well, Im not buying that fucking story Dont worry. Its OK. Its only a phone Dont feel bad Oh sorry, Its a late alarm to come and see me Come and see me that Im fucking late. You are not the one that I booked for the interval? Are ya? Its very difficult to get the dirty talk right. Have you noticed this? Its very difficult to get dirty talk right like in long term relationship its fine. Because you know where your boundaries are and you know your partner but on a one night stand fraught with danger Ive got a story concerning a friend of mine He is quite good at pulling We were all at a party together and he pulled a girl that none of us knew. Ended up back at her place having sex well done him. High Five He told us the story the next day he said she started it They were having sex She said: Talk dirty to me Or more accurately: Talk dirty to me So from the Rolodex of filth in his head he came forth with this. And this would be fine for many of the ladies here. Within the confines of bedroom. Within the boudoir this would be an ok thing to say. With the long term loving trusting partner One a one night stand, Maybe not He said: You love it you slut. She said:  Im not a slut. And that was a very awkward moment. Awkward as moments can be When you just insulted some one you are balls deep in He apologised profusely needless to say and they moved on. I imagine theres a story there Madam. Well you know how you got a phrase you are not meant to say, Its all You could think to say. Its on the tip of your tongue So like two minutes later my friend he somehow lost track of he wasnt meant to say Says it again You love it you slut. She said: Im not a slut And he got into an argument with her he didnt mean to. It was like a reflex When she said: Im not a slut for the second time. He went: We have just met She said: You dont know me. He said: But that just proves my point. Are there any couples in this evening? Give us a shout, the couples. – YEAH uh, Lots of couples in tonight This is a bit silly I think, uh But for valentine I got my girlfriend sex vouchers as her present I didnt realise they were transferable. Turns out they accept them at Whole Work. You get to the stage in long term relationship where you wanna experiment sexually But you know it could be awkward and.. And what if she finds out Im ten years being into a relationship now Any one beat that longer than ten years? – Yes Whats the longest we got in the room? 13? 26. Any one more than 26? 28. More than 28? For how long? Sorry? You been married together for 43 years? I think come on; 43 years. Now I obviously, I dont know whats its like after 43 years I think thats an extraordinary commitment. Specially in this day and age. Thats quite something I dont know if its same for you but I have been with my girlfriend for 10 years Things have got quite predictable in the bedroom Now when I lower my entire bowl bag into her mouth She is pretty much guaranteed to wake up. Same? You could see that he just went: Yes I,, You look worried on their behalf they have been married 43 years. Dont panic They have tried everything. Whats your relationship with them? How do you know them? Thats your mum and dad? Thats nice Well I hope that image of your dad tea-bagging your mum hasnt… I hope, I for one… I dont know about looking your parents in eyes again. I dont think youll Be able to drink tea. Hi! Shit, Sorry This would be hard for you to believe I used to be a gentleman I didnt use to talk about my sexual exploits even with my close friends Never Kiss and tell ALways keep it you know, keep it private Private life for a reason is private Now, I will talk about anything Its great for me because its catharsis But also, I think its good for everyone Cos you talk about things everyone feels a bit more open and Bit more normal Cos you know there are weird things. Here is an example of an intimate detail i dont mind sharing with you My girlfriend cant have orgasms during intercourse But its not a problem Because, I … Can. I gave my girlfriend an orgasm and she spat it back in my face. When my first girlfriend choke to death. It was a terrible blow. I had to finish myself off. There are inequalities between the sexes and I think its universally acknowledged Men get an easier deal in our society than women I can think of an example Where men get a very rude deal You know early on in a relationship before you live together When you Just kind of staying over in each other houses. Very exciting phase in a relationship In the history of the world No man has ever been staying over a girls house And found a vibrator in her bedside drawer and theres been a problem. There is only one reaction on record and That is as follows: Owh! Hello! Cheeky What she like But when she finds latex vagina in your socks drawer There is hell to pay. Explanations must be made I say sock drawer, Actually its the Office I say latex vagina it was the receptionist All right lets hear from men of Birmingham. Give us shout The Men? – YEAH Specifically give me shout, the heterosexual men of Birmingham -YEAH. Same voices just a little bit lower Have you all.. Had you had the conversation the pub conversation, The classic pub conversation If you had to sleep with a man who would it be? You had that conversation? You had that conversation? You havent have that conversation? Ill save you the embarrassment sir, I tell you what happens in that conversation. So you are in the pub with a mate having a drink talking about love and life, Whatever Out of nowhere, you mate goes: If you had to sleep with a man who would it be? Well, I wouldnt so it wont be any one Well if you had to who would it be? Well, I wouldnt so it wont be any one If you had to though? Well, I wouldnt So no one. But if you had to? Well, I wouldnt. If you had to sleep with a man who would it be? Well, I wouldnt. If you had to though? Well, I wouldnt though, So no one. If you had to sleep with a man who would it be? Well, I wouldnt. But if you had to? Well, I wouldnt. But if you had to? Well… Puff! I got accused of being gay the other night. I was on stage doing a gig And I had a pink shirt on. Someone accused me of being gay. Gay.. Gay Shirt, Pink Shirt.. Gay. I cant think of a more masculine colour for a shirt than a pink shirt Cos A pink shirt shows the world you dont know how to put a wash on. What could be more masculine? I often get asked: What celebrities have you been with? Have you slept with? I dont wanna give it the biggin, It was years ago so, Probably it doesnt matter if I say Do you wanna know? – YEAH. Gary Glitter. Have any of you seen my impressions? Have you seen my impressions before? I dont do many. I do a few umm Id do one one for you now. Are there any lesbians in? Does any one enjoys smashing pastis? No? Are there any lesbians? There must be some lesbian surely. What? Is there pool tournament on? Where are the lesbians? you up there somewhere? There are some lesbians up there. Hello girls how are you? You all right? Very nice to have you in. The impression that I do Its more like piece of physical theatre than impression per say but its the… Hang on cameraman is coming to get the lesbians. Its more a piece of physical theatre than an impression But actually its breakup of same sex relationship between two women. And I think it captures the emotional turmoil and the anguish when love breaks down. When you still love that person but you no longer in love with that person. You gotta go you separate ways. Would you like to perform me for you now? OK Just gimme.. Gimme a second. What did you think was gonna happen? I feel duty bound now. Whats your name madam? What? Cheralle? OK Fine, Cheralle. Who are you with? Who is the other half? Rosie. Hi. I feel duty bound to ask you the question I have asked every lesbian I ever met. What would it take to get you back on solids? Oh, I got a maybe, Yes Im two Bacardi Breezers away. Come on. I often get asked about hackles, Thats a very common question for me. People wanna know whats your favourite hackle, whats the worst hackle, That kind of thing I was doing a gig last year. On Rapier Wit tour. The last tour I was doing a joke about Paralympics. Now, when you are doing a joke about Paralympics you gotta be a little bit careful when you are setting up a piece of material like that. That you are not fuck witted, disrespectful. So I was setting up quite carefully, I got one sentence in. All I said was: My favourite event of the Paralympics. This guy at the back of the room quick as a fucking flash went: Cripple Jump. I wish I hadnt but i fucking pissed myself. The other one I loved. I was doing a gig last year in Cardiff and front row centre where you sitting madam, out of nowhere, 20 mins into gig he just went Dragon. So there was not massive pause before he said Dragon. It was just to let you know what happened there. In my head I had to go: Whose coat is that jacket. To get you started in the head. 20 minutes in and he just went Dragon I went: What? He went: Dragon. I know but what you want. He went: I would like a joke about dragon please. And he said it like I was the cunt for turning up in Wales without any dragon based humour. So in the interval I felt duty bound to go and write a joke about a dragon. Do you wanna hear my dragon joke? – YES Ok. Two dragons walk into a pub Dont panic Johnnie, Makes sense Brilliant. Oh I love John. Im just imagining a funeral.. You know What do they call it when funeral.. and the cars Precession yeah. Funeral precession with drum and bass Has your Hearse got blue lights underneath it? I think that would look quite good like it was haunted. Two dragons walk into a bar. One says to the other: Its hot in here The other one says: Shut your mouth. Now I thought what we might do this evening Birmingham. Obviously You have all come out to see the show this evening. Im very grateful for that. I love my job I love the fact that you came out to see me live. But we are also friends here And you have bought tickets to come and see me at the show So I tend not to get hackled in the way like I used to get hackled When I used to play the clubs When you used to play the clubs you are unannounced, You know the venue was bigger than the name So people would come along they wouldnt be invested If they didnt like it they would shout rude things out I used to love that, Proper aggressive hackling I thought why dont we .. Cos people tend not to do it at these kind of gigs. Cos People dont wanna fuck up the evening for themselves or for anyone else. Hold your horses just one second. People tend.. One notable exception People tend not to wanna fuck the gig up. But I thought its quite nice, Its quite a fun thing, hackle So why dont we have a hackle amnesty? Little Two three minutes, Where you can just fill your boots If you got something abusive to shout Have at it – Cunt, Fuck Bum. Have you actually got Tourettes? That was fas.. so quick Cunt, Fuck Bum Fuck Bum, Thats a weird thing to shout Fuck Bum Like the rudest words you know Fuck Cunt Bum Any other hackles? What? Sorry? Peter Kaye was sold out so you had to come here. Ah! Unlucky! I bet he wouldnt have called you a cunt. Unfortunately Im not Peter Kay. Cunt. Its very different kind of show Peters show is good too Any other hackles? My crisps tasted rubbish? Oh no, you didnt. Oh no, you didnt. I became Latino there for a second. No you didnt Did you see.. I had crisps Jimmy Con Carne crisps The good people of Walkers for comic relief They Brought out flavour of my crisps It was me and Al Murray, Frank Skinner and Stephen Fry. And then they made these crisps and every packet they Sold, They gave five pence to the starving people in Africa. I said to them: Why dont you just send them the fucking crisps? It got to be make more sense. Isnt? Cos they cant be as fussy about the flavours. If youre starving youre fine arent you? No these are bit.. Nah fair enough. Any other hackles? Whens the comedy on? Whens the comedy on… Really? Whats your name sir? – Ah! Cant remember. Whats your name? – David. David? Whats your favourite colour, David? – Blue. Blue. OK. Seems like the fairest way to deal with you David. There are so many things I could say Number between 1 and 8 David? – SIX Six. And you said to me: Whens the comedy on? It says if you want my Cum back Youll have to scrape it off your mums teeth. These… These things dont lie David. These things dont lie. Im kidding. She swallowed the lot. Any others? What sorry? I have got a big nose? What are you.. Fucking retarded? I mean, I literally dont have a big nose. Thats like a weird… Its like an insult you heard someone else used That got a big fucking laugh. Thats gonna work with the comic with the big nose. Whats your name , Sir? Thomas? What do you do, Thomas? Youre a student? What are you studying? Mathematics? Are you at school, Thomas? I dont know we should continue this any further Cos it started to feel like grooming. You at school? Yeah, I am at school. You got a big nose I havent. Any other hackles? Oh what was that? That sounded good. what was that? What was it? Im a Paedophile? I was just fucking chatting to him. I have done nothing. Any others? – Jimmy! Yes? – I fucked your mum. Dad? Any other hackles? What, sorry? Posh Prick Posh Prick seems a bit harsh. Whats your name , Sir? Miles. Miles. You think I might be a bit posh. All right Miles, Whats your favourite colour? Blue. Seems like the fairest way to deal with this B-L-U-E Number between 1 and 8 Miles. Four. hmm Says: If you have come as a cunt you have won. Pretty good news. Any more for any more? Who the fuck has the side party? You gonna kick yourself when I tell ya: Me… I think you know your doctor isnt great If the STI check is a taste check My girlfriend used to smoke after sex. So we started using lubricant. I was with a girl and she said: I want this night to be magical. And it was After I fucked her, I disappeared I got into an argument with my ex. and in the middle of argument she went: What kind of idiot you take me for? I couldnt resist, I went: A fat one. In my defence she was fat. She didnt get sun tan. She got crackling. She was legally required to make a beeping noise when moving backwards. She wasnt that big when we got together but she Bloomed. I mean I have seen girls put on weight before. But she took the biscuit. On the plus side… Just a nicer way of saying it. I quite like the euphemism. Of course the classic euphemism if someone is gay, Instead of saying gay You would say, He is a friend of Dorthies If some is very fat, I like to say: He is friend of Gregs. I had a super awkward moment on stage recently So I was on stage doing gig, I said: Any questions? And someone went: Are you gonna have any children I said:  I dont wanna make you feel bad about asking, But My girlfriend and I Actually cant have Children … The way we do it. Now he is trying the other way Cos you cant get pregnant in mouth either. Are there any parents in? Give us a shout parents. Has anyone got parents? You had to think about that You are an idiot. Only point about parents is all parents have got a favourite. If your parents told you they didnt have a favourite. All it mean is You werent it. Unless you are an only child. If you are an only child and your parents went out to tell you. They didnt have any favourite. That is bad With her last child Angelina Jolie had a very difficult delivery. She wasnt in there to pick it up from sorting office. In a long term relationship its important to be a good listener I think shes asleep. I might pop down stairs for a wank. Are you familiar with the phrase Fuck Buddy? You heard the phrase Fuck Buddy? Yes? – YES I have got a friend that didnt know what that meant, I used it in a conversation and he didnt know what it meant I had to explain what a Fuck Buddy was I said:  it was like a friend you have regular sex with. He said: How is that different from a normal relationship? I said: That you are friend…. … and you have regular sex with him Its like the opposite of the normal relationship I found out that the hard way There is a big difference between hanging out with a mates girlfriend And hanging out off a mates girlfriend Its a lovely term of phrase I can get a job on Sky Sports I have got into an argument with my girlfriend She said: You treat this house like a hotel I said:  I have never snorted cocaine off the hooker tits in this house I told my girlfriend that top she was wearing was too revealing She said: Jimmy sometimes cries after sex. We got into a row… You would be familiar with this if you are in a long term relationship This is kind of scenario for a row That I think happens a lot We got into a fight on the way back from a party So we went to this amazing party. Its about 2:30 in the morning. We are driving home So Im driving. I havent had anything to drink, Stone cold sober driving. Shes had quite a lot to drink. I mean in terms of units of alcohol She had an awful lot to drink But she is not drunk and I know she is not drunk I know she is not drunk Because she told me she wasnt drunk Four hundred fucking times You know like sober people dont Worst thing about this argument I didnt even say anything someone else Said something and she was talking about that And I just agreed with the the fact that other person said And it was a fact. It wasnt a point for debate, it was a fact So driving along right, She is talking a lot Im listening a little OK My Bad But she is telling me abou the evening in real time And I was there for most of it so I dont need to be hearing this A lot of stories involve me So driving along She tells me the story.. She got to a point This mutual friend of ours This girl that we both know. She said: That girl, That girl said that my dress was short I went: Yeah it is. You taking her side? Why dont you go with her to party? Why dont you drive her home? It was.. Sure.. It was really short I mean it was what I would call a Grey hound. You call it a grey hound? Or just an inch away from there? It was a really short skirt. So like I went: It is short Yeah. She went: Uh, You taking her side? Why dont you go back to party and drive her home if you fancy her so much Do you mind me saying I got fat legs. Suddenly fucking Chubaca is in the car …………. What the fuck.. she is just snorting Next thing I know like within 20 seconds she is pulling on the car door We are doing 40Miles an hour in the middle of nowhere 2:30 in the morning She is going: Id walk home Id walk home Trying to open the car door. She is opening it.. She is not wearing the seat belt, Cos she is pissed Opening the car door, Safer.. Um, Opening the car door… I had to stop the car. This is dangerous. Right? So as soon as I stop the car she fucks off out immediately Teetering on heels up the road. No coat, no money, no keys, no idea where she is fucking going Id walk home, Id walk home.You dont need a fucking girl, Id walk home Id walk home .  Id walk home So I had to do the dutiful boyfriend thing of driving along 4 fucking miles an hour Come on get back in the car Its all my fault Its not my fault. I havent done fuck all here. Come on get back in the car, I will buy you chips. Please just get back in the car. Anyway, Long story short I got arrested for Curve Prowling. I dont know about you but I think the best thing about a big passionate argument Is tumbling into bed together afterwards And lying in cold grim silence until dawn. Are you asleep?  I cant asleep Im too full of hate. Any fans of make up sex in? Anyone had a good make-up sex? Give us a shout. Yes – YES! Make up sex is pretty awesome but timing is critical Cos if you go over excited you go for make up sex too early And argument still happening, That is a little bit rapey Lets hear from ladies of Birmingham. Give us a shout ladies? You have sounded very good spirits Do you think you are easy to live with Ladies? – YES The vast majority said Yes This is gonna be educational and informative. Im gonna tell you how easy you are to live with ladies. Im gonna do it with a couple of questions. OK? Have you ever met a gay man? – YES! Have you ever noticed how happy homosexual men are? How joyful and carefree and full of life. We are going dancing!. Bacardi Breezers! Ha yeah! Well thats what we were like before we met you. Interesting little fact for you: 3% of all new homes are built specifically for pensioners. And they are called coffins. My grandmother, I loved her to death… Smothered. Im joking, I fucked her. Now I dont normally do political stuff on my stage show on the tour But I saw something that caught my eye recently. It was in Croydon. Any one in here from Croydon? One person down there hope you are having a night of crime Sorry nice tie, My bad So it was this thing. It happened in Croydon. I saw it a local paper down in Croydon. and it was a BNP campaign Are you familiar with this carnival of cunts? It was British National Party campaigner was handing out leaflets In Croydon high street And you know when people are handing out leaflets. I mean how the got leaflets in Croydon high street for the BNP. is the Everest of stupid. Needless to say. But he is.. He is handing out these leaflets You know sometime you dont look at leaflet When you are in high street. You just pick it up and kinda of take it and couple of steps before you look at the thing So i just picked the leaflet Oh, British National Party, Thats interesting. Bam And properly connected with a punch Nope Im not advocating violence. Never solved anything But on this occasion I would let it go because he gave BNP campaigner a black eye And that is pretty genius. Cause for that fucker that is adding insult to injury. A lot of planning is going on in London for 2012 Olympics. Sadly most of it is done by AL-Qaida. I just dont understand it. Why would you become an Islamic fundamentalist suicide bomber? On the off chance You might get 72 virgins when you die. Become a catholic priest and have them now. Life is for living. Am I right? My favourite suicide bomber of last year… Oh you are better than me. Cos you havent got a list. Whatever! Um.. My favourite suicide bomber.. Oh well I have got a couple that I really liked. The Detroit bomber.. Do you know this guy that flew into Detroit last Christmas? So he flew into Detroit airport and he had an explosive device in his underpants. The triggering device went off. The explosives did not detonate. So there was smoke blowing around but everything didnt blow up straight away.. Just smoke blowing. So the other passengers you can imagine in America post 9/11 how they put him out. They didnt run and get a safety blanket and some water and a stewardess. No. They stamped the fucker out. It quite a camp Flamenco style id if this is anything to go. Possibly with a…. But I mean they fucking ruined this guy They didnt kill him but they ruined him. Now, normally I would say: Well, you know what, fuck him. He was trying to kill innocent people as they flew home for Christmas. Fuck him very much. But my heart goes out for this guy. Cos his court case is coming up in America in the next couple of months And he is gonna have a very tough time in Court of law defending himself Cos the prosecution has got it so easy. The persecution are just gonna go You telling the truth? Yeah Im telling the truth Were your pants on fire? My favourite suicide bomber though He was an assassin suicide bomber. In the United Arab Emirates. OK? He was sent to kill one man. He didnt. He just killed himself. Technically a win for them but Im very happy with that. OK. So he was sent to kill this guy and in order to get close to the guy he was gonna Try and kill he had to conceal the bomb He had the bomb concealed.. Wait for it… Up his bum Literally a: Suicide bummer. I mean if are gonna start putting bombs up their bums The shit is really gonna hit the fan. Now I dont know how that bomb was detonated But I like to think in this Day and age, Even someone as fuck witted as a suicide bomber even someone that morally retarded would have seen the opportunity for comedy in that situation And that bomb up his bum would have been detonated something along the lines of Pull my finger. And the passers by went: What did he have for lunch? Oh I have got some more pictures. Do you wanna see some more pictures? – YES. -Lets see some more pictures. I was gonna talk to you briefly about sports Ladies and Gentlemen Chinese gymnast Lu Li Is the smallest person ever to have taken part in the Olympic games Lu Li which is 4feet 3 inches tall Wow Wee… Was the second smallest Ice dancing. Of course Ice dancing wont be around. Any fans of ice dancing in? Ice dancing of course wont be around ever because of global warming And AIDS. Snooker and Dance: Snooker and dance have seen their viewing figures Steadily decline since the introduction in 1983 Of remote controls Just 22% of Liverpool fans reside in Liverpool The rest are on remand in other cities Wayne Rooney. He is not as clever as he looks Lets talk about technology. Stephen Hawking. Stephen Hawking is sort of half man half computer I bet when he dies, Its a virus He has got medical insurance and Norton. In America they are called Astronauts In Russia they are called Cosmonauts And in Britain they are called balloonists The greatest ride at Disney Is the girl that works in the Topy apple kiosk Pornography. Ill come to that later.. If you pardon the expression. And the expression of course would be of turtle shitting. The thing with internet porn is that it still has the power to surprise us. I saw something on internet the other day that really shocked me. It was one man having sex with one woman There was no gang-bang , no DP , No Anal, No Dwarves No Three way, No Water sports, No Girl on Girl ,No Gagging, No Rimming No Granny Fanny No DV No DA No Shemales, No MIlfs No one looked barely Legal. It was just one man having sex with one woman I thought: Who comes up with this crazy Shit Lets talk about sex. Adult supervision To me Adult supervision sounds like the ability to see through bras. The average speed of ejaculation is 43 Miles/hour Which is why it is so important to keep it away from children 20 is plenty Around children you got to be very careful with the language you use for example Say fiddle sticks instead of vibrators I dont think lesbians should be allowed to use vibrators You have made your decision No more sitting on the fence Either. Hermaphrodites …Can go and fuck themselves. A Transvestite is man who dresses to look like a woman And woman they dress to look like is Jane McDonald. Someone told my girlfriend they best way to improve oral sex was to hum. All Im saying is theme from Corrie is not erotic Anal sex for women is like Marmite Its brown and it smells funny. Condoms come in packs of three Ideal for married couples cause its Birthdays, Christmas, Valentine I dont think you should ever treat your woman as a sex object but I do Think you should give her rinse after you have used her You dont agree? You rather be left looking like a plasters radio My girlfriend has got a cleanliness problem downstairs Kitchen is a fucking state Im joking. She actually got a viralin yeast infection in her vagina Lets talk about relationships. The last relationship I had I ruined By blurting out: I love you too early Which gave away the fact I was hiding behind the curtains People often ask me about the most embarrassing moment its probably When I was first introduced to my girlfriends parents I remember my girlfriend saying:  Theres the bad man there I dont like the term Partner Cause it makes you sound like we are fighting crime I dont like the term housewife also, Stay at home mum I prefer to say: Lazy Sluts. My girlfriend says she is good at doing two things at same time. If thats the case.. Why is the threesome out of the question Dont judge me I improvised Not that bad it has got a face I often walk around the house naked Until the neighbour chase me inside Some friends of mine just had a baby but because of some issues They had to use a surrogate mother And because of medical Thing they had to use a sperm donor So really what Im saying is Some people I dont know just had a baby One of the symptoms of having conjunctivitis is When you wake up in the morning Your eyes are so sticky you could hardly open them My girlfriend has it a lot. Sometimes she gets conjunctivitis on her tits Right, Final one of these. This is my favourite joke in the show Im gonna try not to fuck it up but I slightly Fucked it up last night because I giggled half way through Im gonna dig deep for Birmingham. Come on. OK. I can do this When I broke up with my first wife I didnt want anything from her in settlement Except a pint of milk, Four egg yolks, Vanilla pod An ounce of caster sugar and two fluid ounces of Single cream She mixed the whole up in the bowl and she threw it at my face On the plus side, I did get custardy. (custody) Thanks very much I think civil partnerships are gay Apparently one of the biggest fear is the unknown like… I dont know Apparently taking the dog for a walk is a good way to find a woman But what if you wanna find a woman who is still alive Did you read this, Did you read about this American man that is suing his ex-wife to Get back the kidney he donated to her while they were married That is taking the piss My father always used to say to me: There is no such word as cunt I said: No, I called you a cunt. People claim to be into recycling But you should see their faces when rinse out a condom I do a little bit of baking. Anyone into baking cookies and cakes and things? I do a bit of baking my speciality is A brownie with nuts which I call a Scout. Come on, Where is your sense of fun Do you get annoyed by cold callers You know on an evening Youre at home relaxing after hard day at work watching TV, flicking through magazine The phone rings its a strange voice you dont recognize, Talking about something youre not interested in Oh Mr. Jimmy I have your baby now you send money quick. You bad man Fuck off Do you get this , Do you get the public private phone call problem So this is when you are at work surrounded by colleagues Or in the pub surrounded by friends You get a phone call of your other half And the end of phone call they say something That Youd normally say something back Is like your thing but you dont wanna say it cause its people around and is bit embarrassing So the end of the phone call goes All right, Bye You know I do Theres people around I dont want to Dont be like that. All right, I will say it I wanna choke you with my cock. A charity worker came to my front door And they were collecting for a homeless shelter So I gave him a card board box Beggars cant be choosers. Am I right? I did one of those nude calenders for charity Child line were livid I did a gig for Alzheimers Sufferers It was brilliant, two hours, one joke. I did a gig for Alzheimers Sufferers All right, Final thought. If only Africa Had more mosquito nets then every year we could save Millions of mosquitoes from dying needlessly Of AIDS. I had been Jimmy Carr. Thank you very much indeed Thank you. Thank you You are far too shy Thanks very much. Cheers Very nice of you Birmingham. I couldnt ask for a better audience it would hurt your feelings Thats pretty much my show I thought a nice way to end might be Theres a theory in comedy Lenny Bruce, The American was first to say: Audience is Genius The idea is, the audience you regulate comedy You decide, what a comedian can and cant say on stage Because, If you dont laugh at a joke It is not socially acceptable If you do then just by definition It is socially acceptable I thought we could put that to test tonight We could start gently work our way up and see At what stage Birmingham goes: Ah for fuck sake. Do you wanna give it a go? – YES Ok. We will start gentle. Well work our way up So every ones comfortable at some stage people stop laughing and then thats the end Hmm, exciting. Ill start gentle. Pope Benedict. Incidentally he is called Pope Benedict because he comes with hollandaise sauce Hang on!. Thats not a hollandaise sauce. Benedict! As head of Catholic Church Pope Benedict is boss of every Catholic priest in the world He is effectively King of the Paedos. I read about a catholic priest that exposed himself So they defrocked him They dont hang themselves. do they? Well they do, Thats part of the problem This scandal could bring the Catholic Church to its knees You would finish that one in your own head Some what ironically I personally I dont think Pope should worry about the sex scandal It would all be sorted out when Jesus Christ our Lord and Saviour Comes back from the made up. Well, You all seem pretty happy with little bit of Christian bating . Yeah? Should we take it up a gear? – YEAH My girlfriend could be really loud during sex I dont know why. She knows no one is coming to help Fine? Up another gear? – YES Treat them mean, keep them keen You all heard that expression? Treat them mean, keep them keen Treat them mean,youll keep them keen If that was really true,If that had really worked Treat them mean, keep them keen Wouldnt the Jews absolutely adored the Germans? Really? Really? A round of applause on the joke about the worst thing thats ever happened. Ever! Where do we go from there? Its the joke about the worst thing thats ever happened. Hang on! This might offend some of you People say…. Smug sanctimony it is In my Opinion People do say from time to time you hear them: Princess Diana should have been wearing a seat belt. If shed been wearing a seat belt, Shed be here with us today. To those people I say this, I say: You try Snorting cocaine off a cork in the Back of the Limo while wearing a seat belt and cant be fucking dumb. – Fucking hell I saw that little shaky head there I presume that was disapproval madam But to me that looked like you were going: It cant be done, Im sure million fucking times. Where do we go from there? Cause we had one Fucking hell But Everyone else seems fine You better fuck off A child can drown in just four inches of water But he might as well run a bath That feels like it should have been more offensive than it was A child died in that joke. And I tend to do word play so you get away with murder with word play Literally in that last joke Because people go: Its just a joke, It doesnt really matter. Actually when you talk about real stuff Thats happened in your life. Thats a bit darker , Sort of observational stuff which people think of As being more sort of family friendly. But when you talk about real stuff thats happened to you Thats where people get more offended. If it happens to be darker And you know theres a weird thing where Thats where comedy is useful When bad things happen and you need a bit of cheering up Thats where comed has a purpose in our lives Lets talk about something that happened to me recently And Im fine talking about it So, I dont think it should be a problem for you to hear about it. But it is little bit more… Because it is a real thing.Some people get a bit edgy a bit more Offended by the stuff that is real. My girlfriend recently had a miscarriage It was doubly bad because I.. Had to pay for it. That feels that we are getting somewhere. I realize that abortion can be a very upsetting thing For a woman. But at the same time who doesnt get a little confidence boost When they lose a bit of weight. Well lets cut to the chase on the show. Lets talk about what you can and can not say on stage. Very good friend of mine, A guy that I worked with for last ten years We are pretty close, we have written jokes together and we know each other. He knows I said this on stage, He is fine with it. Franky Boyle. Do you all know Frankie Yes? – Yes Frankie got in lot of trouble last year. For doing a joke on stage that contained the word, Down Syndrome And I thinks its sad. I think It does nothing more than betray his ignorance and insensitivity. What a spastic. Why they call Sunshine Variety coaches When all the kids on board look the same? Well, If that joke is getting round of applause , Im out. Happy to back away from there. Its a weird thing though cos I suppose thing that we all got common in this room Is that we all share a sense of humour We are all laughing at same kind of things. The weird thing where I laugh the very loudest just before I have a sense of humour failure. I find, If its closest to the edge.. The funniest jokes for me are jokes that i laugh at and as Im laughing out I go: Im a terrible human being. Funny though, But Im terrible human being. Do you wanna hear the joke that got me? – YES I heard a joke, Its an Australian joke Just a pub joke from Australia That gives you an idea how fucking brutal it is The Aussies came up with it. Are you sure you wanna hear this? – YES. Ill just.. Ill Cleanse my palette before I tell you this Like a.. Like a sorbet How do you make a gay fuck a woman? Shit in her cunt. I know. I know. I know. Dont think I dont know cos I know I know, I know, I know There is no use giving me a look as if I didnt pay 25Pounds to listen to this filth Cos you did and you know you did I realised my jokes can often be brutal and cruel And when you think about the content, What Im talking about in these jokes It is unacceptable. Frankly. But then, Only purpose of these jokes is to make you laugh There is no message here. No ones learnt anything this evening. Have they? I fuckin hope not. Cos I mean, The only purpose for these jokes is make you laugh for two hours Its releasing endorphins, Thats all Im doing up here. They are just jokes. Im just messing around And some people, Some people just like being offended Its a weird thing. I did a gig in Newcastle last year and this Woman came up to me afterwards at the signing face like fucking thunder and went: That was disgusting , rude , juvenile, filth No better than last year Fuck off Dont know what the fuck Im meant to do with that Bloody crazy fool. Um.. Sorry about that joke You realize that joke about the Australian Pub joke You realise, Thats the only joke you will now be able to remember. Whenever the most offensive joke is the only one youll be able to recall The next time you are at a family wedding or a funeral. Fucking hell. Poor John! I just.. I know you are here to collect the body I have lost my husband, I feel so terribly low Maybe, Maybe a joke will cheer me up How do you make a gay fuck a woman? Im getting your coat. Well I havent been up here on my own this evening First and foremost I interviewed him earlier He is a funeral director. If you die wouldnt you wanna be looked after by him When I say looked after I mean nothing more than what is normal John every one. Give him round of applause Thanks John. Thanks for coming down Thank you so much for coming out Specially this evening cos its being sort of you know the DVD record which is always A bit of nerve wrecking gig. And I fucking love playing Birmingham. I love coming here and I couldnt if you didnt buy tickets to come out to the show So Thanks so much I really do Appreciate it cos I love my job. Thanks so much (Elbow – One Day Like This) 

CRAIG FERGUSON@DOES THIS NEED TO BE SAID?@2011@Its a great day for America, everybody! Im always delighted to be in Nashville. Im always happy to be in the south. I feel this great affinity with people in the south, because I share your pain. I know what its like to have everyone in the world think they can do your accent better than you can do. Right? And then they want to do your accent to you to help you! You from the south? Hickity dickity dickity. Listen, Im gonna try something tonight. Because were doing the special and the cameras are here, and because Im in the south and I feel a little more comfortable here, I wanna try something I dont normally do. Um, Im gonna try and tell you a joke. I know what youre thinkin. Oh, Craig, come on. Not a joke! Not from you, Craig! Theres professional comedians for that kind of thing. Not a joke from you, Craig. From you, we want tales of the old country, Craig. Tell us about the time you lived in the swamp with Shrek. Tell us about that! What was that like, Craig? Oh, we found a blue-Haired donkey, all right! Thats right! No, I wanna tell you this joke. Its important for me, Because its a dirty joke. Steady. No, its a dirty joke, And I cant tell it on my tv show, Cause its such a dirty joke. And theres cuss words in it too. Oh, yeah. I…listen, I will be cussing tonight. And just sos you know… no, I will. I will. Dont fuckin ohh me. Ill be cussin. Now, dont wave your finger at me. You knew when you got here thered be cussin. If you thought you were comin here tonight, and every time I cussed, a little flag was goin up here, And someones going, tootsy fruitsy, or somethin. Ooh la la. I swear its gonna be a long fuckin night for you if you thought I was gonna do that. I cant cuss on tv, and it bothers me. No, it does. I…yeah! It does. It does bother me. Cause when I was a young man, I was in punk rock groups and everything. And I was like, fuck you, man! fuck you! Youll never get me wearing a suit and sittin behind a desk! And now, every night… Wearin a suit, sittin behind a desk. Cant even say fuck. Ah, your movie sounds great, ya fuckin asshole. No, I dont wanna give you the wrong impression, all right? I wasnt just in punk rock bands, by the way. I was also in a heavy metal band once. One…one heavy metal band. Whoo! Oh, yeah. Ah, you know, if youd have heard us, You wouldnt be making that noise. Youd be like, aah! And running out. We were ter…we were the worst heavy meal band. We were terrible. I was 15 years old when I was in this band. We were called Stag. We used to wear spandex pants and no underwear. Yeah, we looked like marble smugglers. Yeah! We were terrible! 15-year-old heavy metal band. And you know your heavy metal bands gonna suck when youve got a clarinet player. * get your motor runnin * But we had to have the clarinet player, cause his dad had a car, and he was willing to drive us around, So we had to have the fuckin clarinet player. But the clarinet player was an artist, and he said, Ill do the bass drum skin. Itll be fuckin awesome. We were like, really? He went, yeah. Itll be a picture of a stag. But get this, a stag with its antlers on fire. We were like, fuck, yeah! Yeah! Yeah! But no, see, It didnt work out like that, Cause he wasnt that talented, this kid. So it didnt look like a stag with his antlers on fire. It looked a badger with red hair. I was the clarinet player. Yeah, thats right. But no more! Now I sit on tv and I cant say fuck. It bothers me, you know? It bothers me that I cant cuss on tv. Cause Im a very cussy man. I am a very cussy man. Not an angry cusser. Im not one of them fuck you cussers, like that. Like a, fuck you! fuck! fuck! Like that. Like, fuck! I dont have to do that. I just like doing that. But Im not one of them, fuck! fuck! fuck! fuck! Guys, Like that, like a dog. Thats what dogs are saying, fuck. They are saying it. Not in, uh, adorable dog language. Theyre saying it in English. fuck! fuck! fuck! fuck! fuck! fuck! fuck! fuck! fuck! fuck! fuck! fuck. fuck! fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck! fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck! Dogs are saying fuck. Cats dont say fuck, but theyre thinking it. Theyre thinkin, fuck you. No, I like to cuss. Im not an angry cusser. Im not a fuck you guy. Im not…Im more kind of like, Shut the fuck up. Like that. Like friendly cussin, like, No fuckin way! Shit, fuck, no! Like, that helps me be more adorable to people. I know, Ive heard all the arguments against cussing. You know, oh, Craig, come on, cussing just shows a lack of vocabulary. And I think, oh, shut the fuck up! No, it does not. Some of the greatest minds in history love to cuss. Shakespeare cussed all the time. But he did it in that fancy ren fair language, So nobody knew he was cussing. And like, to be or not to be? fuck if I know. Im paraphrasing, but thats what he meant. Uh… What Im saying is, I like to cuss. It helps me be friendly to people. It emphasizes my friendliness. Like if you see…if you see a friend of yours, right, and theyve got new pants on, and you go, Oh, those are nice, new pants. Theyll go, oh, thanks very much. But if you go, whoa! Great fucking pants! Theyre like, I know! Arent they? Man! I saw them in the store! I was just like, fuck! I understand you gotta be appropriate. You cant walk up to the Pope and say, Great fuckin pants, your holiness. You couldnt do that. Well, that doesnt work anyway, cause, well, the Pope doesnt wear pants. He wears that big dress. He wears these… hes got a big ol dress. And the…and the hat. Actually, two hats. Hes got the big hat and then the little hat for windy days. Hey, whats the weather like today? Its a little bit windy, Pope. Okay, Ill wear the little hat. Ill get to this joke in a minute, but you see, the… Do you know the Pope… this is true. I will get to the joke. But you know the Pope actually has special slippers designed for him by the Italian fashion designer Prada. This is true…they make em just for the Pope. Its not like you can go and buy a line of them. You cant go to the gap and go, Give me some Pope slippers. Its just for the Pope. And theyve got, you know, special designs and a little crest and writing on them and stuff that says P.O. on one and P.E. on the other. Ah, read-A my slippers here. Im-A the Pope. And-A my name is-A Pepo. * Im-A Pepo, Im-A the Pope * * Im Pepo, Im-A the Pope * All right, youre right, youre right. Youre right. Thats too much. Lay off. You can go too far, Craig. Youre right. Anyway the Pope…the Pope doesnt talk like that. Hes not even Italian anymore, the Pope. Hes German. Yeah! So he doesnt… he wouldnt talk like that. He would…he would be more kind of, As you are no doubt aware, I am the Pope. Observe my slippers. My name is Pepo. I realize this is an unusual name for a German, But… My family was in the circus. So shut up, all right? All right. Youre right. I wont do the Pope. Thats ridiculous. What Im saying is, Im not allowed to cuss. I cant cuss, you know, on tv, and Im not allowed to cuss at home, either. I cant cuss at home. Cause Ive got a 9½-year-old son. And for some reason not connected to his DNA, he seems to be an attack dog for the fuckin fcc! He does! He follows me around with that little jar of his. You said the f-word, daddy. Nickel in the jar. Im like, fuck you! Hes like, nickel in the jar. fuck you! Nickel in the jar. Like, who in the fuck are you? Nickel in the jar, daddy! I just pay him in advance now. Im like, son, theres 20 bucks. I gotta call your mother. Do you know what my son said to me? He said, you know, he asked me what the f-word means. I said, its a naughty word, son. Hes like, no shit, dad, Im gettin rich. Theres a nickel. I can afford it. No, he said to me, what does the f-word mean? I said, its a very naughty word, son. Its very, very naughty. Its a…its a naughty word for sex. Hes like, you know about sex, dad? I was like, yeah, I remember it vaguely. Why do you ask? I said, do you know about sex? He said, yeah. I said, ooh, wait there. This will be adorable. Ill get the video camera. Ill ask him about sex. Thisll be great. Cause hes 9½. Whats he gonna say about sex? Santa, angels, moonbeams. Itll be adorable. Hell be like that Bill Cosby, kids are funny little motherfuckers. That thing. They… Im paraphrasing, but thats what he means. Anyway, so, you know, I thought, Ill film him, you know. Hell tell me about sex. Then Ill wait till hes about 14, And then Ill say, hey, remember that money In the swear jar? Ill take it back now, or this shit goes on YouTube, you little bastard.' Youre welcome, parents. So I set him up, and I said, do you know about sex, son? He said, I know all about sex, dad. I went, all right, what do you know about sex? He said, I know all about sex. Penis, vagina, glory hole, Dirty Sanchez, Rusty trombone, Cleveland steamer. Im like, what the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? Cleveland steamer. What is that? Well, never mind! Never mind! I never taught my son about sex. I never, I didnt! I will never teach my son about sex! Just like my father never taught me! And his father never taught him, and… Actually, its a fuckin miracle Scottish people didnt die out in the middle ages. Scottish people dont talk about sex! We cant; its too embarrassing for us. We cant talk about it. If a… If a Scottish person wants to talk about sex, we just kind of giggle and walk backwards and point at our genitals. Its true. If you go to Scotland and you see someone that looks like they might be special and they have to go to the bathroom, they dont… they just find you attractive. Nobody talks about sex in Scotland. Scottish gynecologists dont even talk about sex. Its just like, Uh, get up on the table there, Mrs. Henderson, lift up your skirt. Well take a look at your magic baby door. Ah, nobody talks… so I said to my son, I said, who… who taught you about sex, son? This is awful. W-Was it the creepy guy in the school parking lot? I said…cause my son goes to the same school as Charlie Sheens kids. So I thought it might be that, you know. Whoa! Hey, whoa! Whoa! Hey, what… you ooh me for Charlie Sheen, and youre okay with the Pope thing? What the hell happened to you? Aw, Craig, come on. Charlie Sheen! What did he ever do, apart from hold a knife to his wifes throat on Christmas eve? Put the hooker in the closet! Aw, poor Charlie. Youre right. I shouldnt go after Charlie. He had to go to jail on Christmas eve. Yeah, in fuckin Aspen! The jail in Aspen has been on the cover of architectural digest! So I said to my son, who taught you about sex, son? He said, the teachers. I said, the teachers at school? He went, yeah. I went, fourth grade? Hes like, yeah. Im like, what the fuck? See, thats a nickel. I went, fuck you! But I…I dont… there was no se… I never got taught about sex when I was in the fourth grade. I never actually had the fourth grade. I was in Scotland. I was working up a chimney. Because there was no sex education in Scotland. And…well, thats not true, actually. When I was about 15 years old, in science class one day, I remember the… I was sitting around with the rest of the guys in stag… Um… And we were waiting for the science teacher to come in one morning. His name was Mr. Weir. Nasty, bitter old vicious alcoholic. Dont know what the fuck was going on with the Scottish education board in the 1970s. It was like, do you like whiskey? Do you hate kids? The jobs yours. Anyway, we… We were sitting in science class, and we were waiting for Mr. Weir to come in, and, you know, and then he came in, and we knew there was something wrong when he came in, cause he was like… And he was… this is true. He was carrying a little aquarium with him. A little fish tank. But there were no fish in it. It was just…no water. It was just a rock with two toads on it. And he said, Pay attention, everyone. This is Mr. And Mrs. Toad. Theyre married. They were married in a church. By a protestant minister. And now, they… eeh eeh. Now they want to have a baby. See how Mr. Toad is pushing his shame branch… See how hes pushing his shame branch against Mrs. Toads magic baby door? Do you see that? That was my sex education in school, and that was it. Watchin two toads fuckin in a fish tank! Thats it! The miracle of new life. Ehh. That was all I ever knew! For years, I thought the only way to get a girl to go out with you was run up behind her, grab her hair, spit in it, and shout, ribbit! Its stran– if I saw a woman I was attracted to across a crowded room, Id be like… Pff! You know the weirdest thing, it fuckin works! It does! You gotta go, pff! Theyre like, get lost, you freak. Pff! Pff! I like him. That was it; that was my sex education, the two toads. So consequently, Im very old-fashioned about sex. Im not like the youngsters today with their new ideas about sex. You know, photographing your genitals And texting them to each other and all that shit. What the hell is wrong with you people? Ah, thisll be sexy. Ca-Ching! No, Im very old-fashioned about sex. Im a romantic…I dont need all that emailing and phones and cameras and shit. Im a romantic. Im an old-fashioned about sex. I couple of hookers, some blow, a midget. Im good, I dont… Thats how we used to do it! Thats how we used to do it. Thats the old-fashioned way. When things were simpler. I dont…I would never send any of them sexy emails. Thats how you get caught. Ive never sent one. I dont mind getting them at craigtheinternet/google.Com. But I… Seriously. Id never send a sexy email. Thats how Tiger Woods got caught. He was sending all them sexy emails from his phone, and then his wife was in the kitchen one day, and shes like, oh, I cant find the kitchen phone. Ill just use Tigers phone. Might as well…  Aaah! Tiger! Im gonna need the nine-iron for this. Come here, you bastard! See, even Tiger Woods got caught in that big sex scandal. I was like you ladies. I was outraged. Outraged. Its kind of good if youre a guy, though. Cause it just makes you look great. Ah, Im sorry I forgot to take out the garbage, honey. I was too busy not having sex with 14 mistresses. Uh…sorry. See, when Tiger Woods got caught in the sex scandal, and everybody said, oh, Tiger Woods. His career is ruined. Hes ruined! Hell never play golf again! He will never play golf again! Hell be hopeless now. And Im thinking, are you sure? Are you sure? Are you thinking this through? I think, once this blows over a bit, hes gonna be better at golf. Better! Because, clearly, he never practiced before. He wasnt practicin! Hes just fuckin and winnin! fuckin and winnin! fuckin and winnin! Hey, Tiger, Tiger. You want to go to the driving range? Sorry, no time. Just fucking and winning! And then when he did come back to golf, And everybodys…like, The whole country watched his return to golf. Tigers return after the scandal. Everybodys watching. And Im thinking, what the hell do you expect to see here? Its professional golf. Hes just gonna golf. What do you think? Hes gonna go nuts and fuck the hole or something? Like, Ive got to make this putt. Ive got to get back in the… ah, fuck it. Aah! The whole country. Were all watching it. Everyone watching his pants as he walked up the fairway. It moved. It moved. Did you see it? It moved. Seeing a big celebrity gets caught in a sex scandal like that though, and I hear about it in the morning, Im like, oh, fuck yeah. Easy day at work. Its awesome. Oh, yes. It was, like, the best one ever was when Dick Cheney shot his lawyer in the face. I was like, oh, fuck yeah. Oh, fantastic. He shot his lawyer in the face? Yeah. Oh, beautiful. Did the lawyer die? No, the lawyer lived! Cause if the lawyer dies, you have to wait a day. Hey, hey, for a human, its three days. Wait, wait. Wait. Lets just stop for a second and discuss what kind of fuckin reaction that was there. Oh, Craig, thats a terrible thing. Actually, now that we think about it, Now we agree with you. Yeah. Even lawyers are like, hes right. Were assholes. I met Dick Cheney when I was at the White House. I was speaking at the white house correspondence dinner, And I met Dick Cheney there. I was terrified. Hes like a fuckin Bond villain. He is! Hes like… He does this with his hand. Theres nothing there. He just does it. Hes stroking an imaginary pussy. If thats a crime, lock me up. But… I was actually terrified when I met him, Cause I said some mean things about him in the speech, And then after I was like, oh, is that okay? He went, oh, no, I loved it. I can take it. I enjoyed myself. I…I enjoyed it very much. Now you, you enjoy your audit. And you know what? I got fuckin audited. I know. Yeah, anyway, thats my job now, apparently, pick on celebrities that get caught with their pants down. I never used to give a shit about it, but now I have to pay attention to it, apparently. The first time it happened… When I got the Late Night Show, the first one I ever had to deal with was the Kevin Costner sex scandal. Remember that? Yeah, nobody fuckin remembers that. Which tells me two things… One, Kevin Costner has a great publicist, and two, none of you fuckers was watching my show in the first year. Its all right. Thats right. I dont even fuckin watch it now. Well, very briefly, the first…the Kevin Costner sex scandal, actually, it was golf related, again. He was in Scotland, of all places. Kevin Costner went to Scotland to play golf at St. Andrews, the royal and ancient home of golf. And apparently, after his golf game, or allegedly, for legal reasons, he was getting a massage, and he asked the masseuse for a happy ending. What we would now call an Al Gore. All right, all right. Okay. Anyway, by the way, when he did this, you know, uh, he wasnt just on any vacation in Scotland. He was on his honeymoon. Oh, mm, yes. Feel a little more comfortable judging him now, dont you? Oh, thanks, Craig, yes. Now we can enjoy it just a little more. No, apparently… I dont know if its true, but apparently thats what he did. He asked the masseuse for a happy ending. And Im thinking, Kevin, who the hell goes to the royal and ancient home of golf and thinks, I wonder if I can get my three wood-polished while Im here? And Im thinking the masseuse is Scottish. Are you out of your mind? If I could get a Scottish woman to give me a hand job, I would never have fuckin emigrated. What the hell? Youre a bad girl, arent ya? Anyway, so apparently he did this. I dont know if he did it or not. But I heard about it, and, you know, I thought, Well, its my job now to make fun of this. This is my job, I guess. And so that night I talked about it on the show. I, uh, I didnt do much. I punned on his movie titles a little bit. I think I said Lap dances with wolves, And… Field of creams, I think I did. People will come, Ray. No, I… I didnt do that. I didnt do that! I didnt. I didnt. I fuckin should have done that, But I didnt do that. Anyway, thats what I did that night on the show. And then the next night you move on to the next thing. Id forgotten all about it. You move on. You get the robot or the puppets, or whatever the hell youre doing, and… Before…you know, a couple of weeks after that, I get invited to a big Hollywood party. Now, I dont normally go to big Hollywood parties, cause Im not normally invited to big Hollywood parties, but I got invited, so I went. And I got introduced to Kevin Costner. And Id forgotten all about this thing, But he had fuckin not. I dont know if you know this, but Kevin Costner has a tv. And occasionally he cant sleep. Oh, fuck, it was awful. He got right in my face about it. He was like… And I was like… And he was like… And I was like… And he was like… Anyway, I talked to him for a while, and hes not a bad guy, Kevin Costner, as it turned out. I felt terrible. I just felt awful. I thought, oh, Im a dick. Im a fuckin dick. And now Kevin Costner hates me. Bah. So, no, I…I…really, I felt awful about it, and I thought, you know, from now on, Im gonna try and not offend celebrities if I can avoid it, but you cant fuckin avoid it. You cant. I mean, you can upset them… Some of them have very fragile egos. I know. It was news to me. In fact, thats the noise I made. No, you can upset people without even knowing youre doing it. I got into terrible trouble with the actress Kate Winslet, and I didnt even know until we tried to book her on the show. And the bookers called up her agent, And her agent said, Kate will never be on that show. Not after what Craig said about her. I was like, I never said anything about her. I never said a… oh, yeah, I did, yeah… Well, I wasnt really talking about her. I was talking about the movie Titanic, which she was in. And I love that movie. I love the movie Titanic. Its a great movie. I particularly enjoy the work of Leonardo DiCaprio. I think hes a great actor. Fat, thin, beard, no beard, happy, sad. He can do fuckin everything. And… I have only one problem. At the end of that movie when theyre, you know… Theyre in the water, the ship sunk, and shes on the door and hes in the water, And hes like, Im dying. Hes really good, isnt he? I mean, thats how good he is. Hes like, Im…Im dying. Its so…so cold. Im dying. And shes like, yes, you are dying. Its terribly sad. Bye. Im thinking, you know what? Theres room on that door for two people, right there. I mean, this isnt some hardwood piece of shit were talking about. This is a giant door built in the shipyards of Belfast by union members. This is a big…this has been curled and worked at. Theres brass fittings on… This motherfucker is mahogany. This is a big, big door. Cuban families come to America on doors like this. By the way, a word of advice, never say that in Miami. Anyway, I had a problem with the logic at the end, Cause I thought the two of them would get on the door, So I…you know, I was talking about it, And Im a passionate person. I was getting involved and talking about it, and in the heat of the moment I said, Oh, come on, Kate. Move over, you fat b!tch. Now I dont mean… Hey, let me finish. Let me finish. I dont mean shes fat. Shes not fat. Shes not fat. And even if she was fat, I wouldnt comment on a womans weight. What am I? Im fuckin suicidal? Im not an idiot. I dont comment on a womans weight. Im post feminism. I understand. Im a reconstructed man. Im like, keep your fuckin mouth shut. I understand it. I would never comment on a womans weight. I dont do it. I dont think its right to do it. And I felt ter– and I struggle with it too. I…I feel your pain, sisters. So I– honestly, I felt terrible, So I called up the agent myself. I went, you know what? God, I feel awful about this. This is a terrible thing. Look, lets get Kate on the show, And well do a show about this, Cause this is bullshit. I dont want to be that guy. I dont want to be that guy. Im not that guy. Well get her on the show, well talk about it. Ill say Im a sorry. Im a dick. Im a douchebag. Shes gorgeous. Well do all that. And the agent said, Ill just have to call someone, and Ill call you back. And I went, oh, right. And she called me back five minutes later And said, Kate will never be on your show. And I said, fine. Tell her shes a fat b!tch. But… But shes not. Shes not a fat b!tch. I… I dont know the woman at all. I never met her in my life. Im sure shes a lovely woman in every way. Well, not every way. Shes an actress. Shes probably a fuckin sociopath. But… But shes not a fat sociopath. And you know what? Even if she was fat, even if she was, I wouldnt care, cause I like that. Huh. Yeah, thats right. I said it. I like it. I like a woman with a bit of unh! I do. I like a bit of ooh, yeah. I like a bit of lets get you up the stairs. I like all of that. I do. I like… I like to slap and then watch the wave. I like all of that. Theres a name for men like me that like women like that. Were called heterosexuals. Thats right. Thats right. Ladies, if your man likes you to be too skinny, very, very skinny, hes not your husband. Hes your gay friend. Someones looking a little bit fat. Really? Someones looking a little bit gay. Youre welcome, girls. Use it anytime. Anytime you like. For free and for fun. My gift to you. Anytime you like. Use it. Enjoy your fries. Anyway, what Im saying is, I have to deal with the celebrities and then fuckin teach them a lesson when they get into trouble. And my hearts not in it. The worst one was when I had to do The David Letterman sex scandal. I was like, oh, fuck. Really? Thanks. Cause I dont know if you know. David Letterman is my boss, right? Now this is my boss, and hes caught in a sex scandal. Now the job is, you know, make fun of the people who are caught in the sex scandal, but in this case, its my boss. Now I have to do the job, but Id quite like to keep the fuckin job. Its like trying to do a Rubiks cube in a burning building. I was like… Shit. Shit. Shit. Actually, when I first heard about Daves sex scandal, I shat my pants. It was awful, because… What, you cant say shat your pants in Nashville? All right. I soiled my britches when I heard about it. What I mean is, I got afraid, Because I was walking around the house in the morning, And the tv was on, and I wasnt paying attention. I was just doing my thing, getting ready and stuff. And the tv news was on, and I heard the anchorman say, CBS late night host caught in sex scandal. I was like, Fabio, you b!tch! And then I was like, oh… What can I tell you? I like big women. Do you remember? Im gonna get to this joke. Do you remember when… Do you remember when Fabio got hit in the face by a goose? Remember that? Fabio did… They were opening a new amusement park somewhere. I think it was in Florida or the Midwest. Busch Gardens, it was called. Id go. Thats a great name, actually, Busch Gardens. Busch Gardens? You had me at busch. But they… But they were opening up this new amusement park. This is a true story. And they said, we need to get a celebrity, you know, for this new amusement park. Someone thats gonna bring in the kids. Theyre like, oh, Fabio. And they go with Fabio. And it was the first ride of the roller coaster, and Fabio was gonna be, you know, the first guy to ride the roller coaster at Busch Gardens. But they have the… they had this thing. Fabio was in the front car, and it started up. And it was kinda going… going up the thing, the hill, for the first time, and Fabio was sitting there, and his shirt was open and his hairs all blowing. Hes like, aah… It wasnt even windy. He can just do that. He was like, aah… And just as it got to the top, just the… A goose is flying by. And the goose went, fucking hell, is that Fabio? What the…aah! And as the goose is dying, Its thinking, what are the fucking odds of this? Death by Fabio? But they had to do an emergency stop of the roller coaster, and they brought it around quick, and Fabio was all fucked up. He was all… oh, it was terrible. No, you shouldnt laugh. It was awful. He was all mad. He was angry. There was feathers and beak marks. Little webbed footprints and stuff. And he was all… aah. He looked like hed been eating a live chicken or something. Hes like… And he…but he was okay. But a couple of days later… this is true. He tried to start a kind of we are the world thing for people that had been hit in the face by geese while riding on roller coasters. Thats true! * we were hit by geese * it really hurt * the little beak went in my cheek * * and now Im fucked… But, actually, it didnt work out, because, you know, they looked it up, And theyre like, actually, in the history of the human race and roller coasters, this has never fuckin happened before. The odds are astronomical! This could never happen, but it did. And you know what? See, when something that unlikely happens, something that weirdly out of the ordinary, that, to me, proves the existence of god. Proves it. You know god exists and god has a sense of humor. Cause gods watching Fabio, and hes like, Is that Fabio? How does he do that thing with the shirt and the hair? Its not even windy over here. Hey, come here and look at this. Come here, come here. Just come here. Its…itll be fun. Come here. Yeah, Im gonna. Im gonna. Yes, I am. Boom. Yeah! How do you feel now, atheists? Think about that when youre driving home in your Prius, you fuckin hippie. Thats right. I said it. I said it. Get an engine, you communist. I dont like you, and I dont like your fuckin little car. I dont like them Priuses. Theyre too quiet. I feel like Im gonna wake up one night and therell be one at the end of my bed. I recycle. Do you? Thats how Ive proved to myself the existence of god. I now no longer have a struggle with faith. Ive proved to myself the existence of god. I will prove to you right now tonight the existence of god using my unlikeliness theory. Right? Here it is, the unlikeliness theory. I will prove to you now the existence of god. Siegfried and Roy. Bear with me. For this we have to go back in time. Were going back in time to Vienna, Austria. Its 1974. Theres a little fog in the street. Just that little fog, like a Smashing Pumpkins video. A young man is walking the streets. He is forlorn and dejected. His name is Siegfried. I am forlorn and dejected. I am doomed to a life of loneliness, For no one will ever share my interests. My only two interests are lion taming and c0ck. Who in all of Austria Would also be interested in lion taming and c0ck? Hi, Siegfried. Im Roy. Im also interested in lion taming and c0ck. Two gay Austrian lion tamers? What are the fuckin odds of that? What are the odds of that? I also like white tigers. I love white tigers! How do you feel now, atheists? Let me ask you a question, atheists, when youre driving home in them little Priuses. Who do you call on when the brakes fail in that little shit box? Oh, no. Help me, spontaneous chemical reaction. What am I talking about? Oh, yeah, Dave sex scandal. The Dave sex scandal was terrible, terrible for me. The only thing that I was grateful for, there was no sex tape. Cause, you know, I love Dave, but I dont want to see that. Actually, I dont watch the sex tapes. I try not to watch the celebrity sex videotapes, cause a lot of these people are gonna be on the show, and I dont want that in my head when I meet someone for the first time. Like, oh, yeah, I remember his c0ck from the internet. How you doing? Thats why Tommy Lee has never been on the show, cause Ive seen that one. Actually, before I saw that video, I didnt know Tommy Lee was Scottish. And the other one that I wish Id seen but I never saw were the Carrie Prejean sex tapes. Do you remember Carrie Prejean? She was a miss California beauty queen. No, you dont, but thanks. Uh… I havent made a noise for a while. Aah! Carrie Prejean was a miss California beauty queen who became miss USA, and she got into terrible trouble, because during the question-and-answer part of the beauty pageant, you know, when they grill the girls to find out if theyre smart enough to be beauty queens, They… If you dont get this right, youre ugly. And by the way, beauty is decided by Donald Trump? Thats like a midget deciding whos the tallest. What the fuck? Did you ooh me for Donald Trump? fucking seriously? Anyway, Carrie Prejean was this… She got into terrible trouble, cause during the question-and-answer thing, It came out that she was against gay marriage. So all the people that are for gay marriage were like, what? And all the people that were against gay marriage were like, hooray! But then her time in the media was fucked up, because sex tapes came out where, apparently, she had been sending sex tapes to her boyfriend on her phone… Just of her, just her on her own, no one else in the tape, which I think is a level of confidence I could only aspire to. Thats amazing. Im making a sex tape. Really? Whos in it? Just me. Who else do you need? Actually, when a woman does that, thats…thats actually awesome. Now, women…thatd be great. A man should never do that, though. Never send…no woman wants to see that on her phone. That would be bad. Ugh. Heres me thinking about you, honey. Whaa-Ha! Cant wait to see you tonight. A woman would get that on her phone… shed be like, aah! Ah, take out my eyes! I can never use them again! She got into terrible trouble, this Carrie Prejean woman, and she had to go on Larry King to defend herself. By the way, I love Larry King. I do. I really love Larry King, and I hate that hes retiring and being replaced by some British fuck. We dont need foreigners on American television. What the fuck is going on? Thats right! She had to go– I do. I love Larry King. I do. Larry King is…like, thats the way you should grow old, Like Larry King. Larry King typifies, for me, the spirit of the punk-rock movement. Absolutely, cause hes like… you know, like you young people, youre like, I dont give a fuck what you think, man. You give a fuck. You comb your hair. You wear deodorant. Larry doesnt fucking give a shit about any of that. Larry doesnt give a fuck what you think. Its true. Ive been on his show. Larry will look you directly in the eyes, fart really loudly, and not break eye contact. Its like… Whats wrong? Dont you like brisket? I fucking love Larry King…I love him. Thats the way I want to grow old, like Larry King, not giving a fuck. Thats how you get old. Like, see, when I was a young comedian in the comedy clubs… I was, like, 23, 24… I was like, all the older comedians are hacks, man. Theyre all assholes. Theyre all fucking hacks. But now, you see, Im 48, And I hear the young comedians talking, And Im like, shut the fuck up, you douche. And stop touching your groin when youre telling jokes. It doesnt make you edgy. It just looks dirty. Theyre like, hi, everybody. Im edgy. Whoa, oh, oh. Heres a new style of comedy… me touching my c0ck. I dont have to keep doing this. I just like doing this. Hey, everybody. Im edgy. Im edgy. Mm-Hmm. Have you ever noticed how some things are like other things? Now, Im 48 years old. Ive been married three times. Ive been through rehab. My balls touch my ankles when I stand up, but, no… I never noticed how some things are like other things. Shut up! Its true. My balls are leaving me… Slowly. Sometimes I feel Im being followed by twin hamsters. Are they still there? Im getting away, though. Anyway…oh, yeah, I was gonna tell you this joke. So heres the joke. Its an old joke, which means I stole it. I didnt really steal it, but if you do what I do for a living and go on the internet accidentally and google yourself accidentally… fuck you. People will say that you steal things all the time. I noticed that. This is not kidding, right? I googled myself. I dont do it anymore. I googled myself by accident. I came into the room, and I tripped and fell and typed my name in google on the computer. Like, oh! I googled…and somebody said in this chat room on the internet… Im not kidding. This is true. Somebody said… Said, that Craig Ferguson, yeah, he stole the whole Scottish thing from Mike Myers. Now, listen, I know Mike Myers. I like him. Hes a very nice man, but hes Canadian. And in this same chat room… Im not kidding. In the same chat room, somebody else…this is true. Somebody said, no, no, he didnt steal his act from Mike Myers. He stole his act from Ellen Degeneres. Now, listen, I know and like Ellen Degeneres. Shes a very nice woman, but come on! Im not butch enough to do Ellen material. I do kind of look like an old lesbian, dont I? I kind of do. Ive noticed it. I know. I know. Its all right. We can just… you know, we can talk about it. Sometimes I just look in the mirror, Im like, fuck, K.D. Lang. Theres this idea that people are meaner than they used to be. Because of the internet, you know, people are meaner. Theyre not meaner. People are not meaner than they used to be. People have always been assholes, except you guys. But they… But they are, and people are not meaner. What happens is the technology is just faster. Its just faster. What happens is, you have this crazy idea, and theres a crazy, angry thought, and youre like, Ive got a crazy, angry thought. Tickety-Tick, tick, tick, boom! And its out. And you dont have time. You dont have time to slow down and self-edit and ask yourself the three things you must always ask yourself before you say anything, which is, does this need to be said? Does this need to be said by me? Does this need to be said by me now? Three fucking marriages it took me to learn that. Three. Its like…its the technology. Its too fast. Like, in the old days… In the middle ages, if you had a crazy thought, You were like, I got to write this down. Im so angry. Im so crazy. Im gonna write this down. Well, I better learn to read and write, Because its the middle ages, and only monks and priests can read and write. Right, well, okay, a couple of years of that… Im still angry. Im gonna write this down. Im gonna need…oh, fuck it. Im gonna need parchment. All right, parchment and weave the parchment. Weave the parchment. Right, got some parchment. Oh, fuck, a pen. Give me a chicken. Right, chicken. Oh, fuck, ink. Crush the berries. Crush the berries. Right, parchment, berries, pen…lets go. Right, capital letter to start off… Big medieval capital letter with things going around it, Little trees and squirrelly bits. Gods hand coming down… a little castle, a tree, A brook, a dwarf, all kind of things, Little tigers and designs. You know what? Im just gonna let it go. Three weeks for the letter f, 30 seconds for uck it. Also, of course, with the internet, youve got that kind of hidden feeling. Youre kind of protected. Youre kind of… You know, youre kind of anonymous. Its kind of like in your car. Youre a bit more of a dick when you drive than when you walk, cause youre kind of protected. Its like the same thing. Like, you would never walk like you drive. You never walk up behind somebody and go, Oh, come on, get a move on. Oh! Oh, what? Come on! Oh, invisible friend, look at this. Oh. Oh! I know youre on my side, god. Come on! Like, getting round in front of them and slowing down… How do you fucking like it, huh? Learn to walk, you bastard. You wouldnt do that, cause somebody would kill you. Men are particularly bad at this. Im as bad as any other man. You know, we think if we have a big machine, a big badass machine, like a big truck or a big car, It makes us a big badass person. It doesnt. It doesnt. It makes you the owner of a big badass machine. Thats all. I saw a very good example of this when I used to live in London. I lived in London, and I saw a traffic accident one day between a guy on a big Italian motorcycle… Beautiful, big thing, A big whats-A-Coming-A-Go, whats-A-Coming-A-Go… And… And a little Mini Cooper, you know, a little kind of… Beep, beep. And they had this accident. It wasnt too bad. But the bike went over, and the Mini Cooper went into the curb, and the guy on the bike was fucking crazy. He was incensed. He got up, and he gets a bike chain. He goes over to the Mini, and the doors are still closed in the mini. He goes over, and hes fucking mad. He gets the bike chain, and hes like, you crazy motherfucker! You got to… Well, it wasnt like that. It was London. He was like… Im terribly cross with you right now. Ooh, youve made me grumpy. And I know what hes thinking. Hes thinking, well, the Mini Cooper is a small car, so the person in it is gonna be small, and hes gonna be able to bully and intimidate them. And, of course, the door opens, And this fucking head starts to come out… This huge, giant c0ckney head, big thing, no hair on the top, just bits of bacon and fur and stuff. And this guy… like, one eye in the middle, and hes like… He gets up, and he… And hes wearing one of them pinkie rings that guys wear when their hobby is murdering. And he gets…he gets up to his full height, and he looks down at the guy, and hes like, What the fuck do you think youre doing? And the guy with the chain said, I saw a bug on the roof of your car, and… it looked like it might be a sting-Y one. I was chasing it away. But what happened is, he was made to be responsible for his actions. But that wont happen to you on the internet. Nobody on the internet… No big c0ckneys gonna come round to your house If youve been on the internet and stuff a bike chain down your pants and slap you… Unless you go to the right website maybe, and then… Chaindownyourpants.Com, If that exists. It will by midnight. Ill see you there. Now, I noticed when people were getting fucking mean on the internet… What happened is I accidentally googled myself… Fell over, typed my name in… after I got married. I got married again, and I went on the internet to see how happy everyone was for me. fucking hell. It was awful. One woman… I think it was a woman. Her name was susan123 or something, and she said, married again, eh? Hmm. Shes a user, and hes a pervert. And Im like, how do they know us? I did. I got married… I got married again. I got married to a Yankee woman. What? You wouldnt make that noise if you were a real Yankee. Youd just sit there quietly smug in your cardigan. No, I did. I married a Yankee woman from up in the new Hampshire area. And theyre very… very posh kind of Yankees, very kind of upper-class Yankees, which is freaky for me, Because they dont even sound American. You know, they sound… they are American, but they sound like English people. Theyre like, oh, yes, Were terribly American, yes. Were terribly American. We enjoy gum, and we detest al-Qaeda. They do. They sound like upper-class English people. Theyre so posh, they dont say the word yes. They say, ears. Theyre like…you say, would you like a drink? They go… Ears, that would be lovely. I remember that. I remember that from when I lived in London. Occasionally, when I lived in London, I would have sex with a girl from an aristocratic family. And I… I always enjoy doing to them what their ancestors did to my country. Oh… although with me, there was always cuddling afterwards. But its very confusing having sex with an upper-class English girl, because theyd be saying, oh, ears, ears, ears. Ears! Ears! Id be like, oh, all right, then. And the midget would be like, what the hell are you doing? Id be like, never mind. And then when they start saying, oh, Im arriving. Im arriving! Im kidding. I never heard that. But… Theyre very strange, though, the Yankees. Theyre very, very strange to me. Theyre weird. Theyre so tight-ass. Theyre like… ears. Its like, even when they get drunk, theyre tight-ass. Like, when my people get drunk, we go crazy. Were just like… Oh, Danny boy! You dont fucking know me! You…I fucking love you! Im all right! Im all right! I know! Im good! Oh! And the men are worse, but when Yankees get drunk… When Yankees get drunk, theyre just more tight-ass. You go, are you drunk? They go, ears. Theyre like the Addams family. When I first met them, they were…I go to the house, there was a plate of cookies going round, and I went to take one, and somebody said, Not that one. Thats for mother. Very strange. Not like my family at all. My family arent upper-class or posh or anything. Were more kind of… How do you describe my family? Carnies, I guess. Carnies. Were kind of carnies. We are, you know, working-class people with psychic abilities. Thats what we are. My father had a very unusual psychic ability. He could, um, detect water. Its called divining. He would use a y- shaped u branch And he could find water with that. Which is a very impressive skill in a country where it rains 365 days of the year. I think theres water over here, son. Its a swamp, dad. Not only could my father find water with a stick. He could find a bar with his shoes. Hang on, son. Hang on. Hang on. Whoa, oh, whats this? Whats this? Come on. Right again! I dont want to give you the wrong impression about my dad. He wasnt a drunk or an alcoholic. He was just Scottish. I became a terrible drunk or alcoholic… Or a good one, depending on your point of view, I guess. I certainly threw myself at it with gusto. There was no half-measures with me. People never said, I wonder if hes a… No, no. He is. So I mean, Ive been sober for a very long time and people still say to me, they say, Oh, Craig, how much did you drink back then? Im like, I dont know. Its not fucking Weight Watchers. Its not like you wake up in the dumpster and go, oomp, 14 units. I need a meeting. Thats one of the few upsides of active alcoholism. Very little in the way of paperwork. Its one of those weird things, being an alcoholic. Everybody thinks they know about it more than you do. Its kind of like having a southern accent, You know what I mean? Its like people do it back to you. Like, yickety-dickety. Its true. People think they know about it. Theyre like, oh, you know, This is what you have to do. I was like, oh, shut the fuck up. You dont know about this. Its like… people like me, when we listen to people who are not alcoholics, and theyre having drinks and they say, Mm, oh, Im gonna have to stop now. Im starting to feel it. And Im like, thats the fucking point. Thats the point! Oh, Im…Im starting to get a little drunk. Yes! Starting to feel it is not the end of drinking. Its the beginning of drinking. Anyway, look, Im gonna tell you this joke. Its very important that I tell you, cause this is what I want to do. I want to tell you this joke, and were done. I love this joke. This is the best joke I ever heard. Its the most beautiful joke in the world. No pressure. Its just a great joke. I love this joke. Its a joke which I think says everything about men and women And about life and the universe and how we must all come together and try and love each other a little bit. It was a joke made famous in Britain in the 1970s by a British comedian called Bernard Manning, who was a lovely man. Well, he was a fat, profane alcoholic, but I liked him. And he used to tell this joke, and here it is. He used to say… Ladies and gentlemen… Ive got my wife her Christmas present. For Christmas, I got her a pair of shoes and a vibrator. If she doesnt like the shoes, she can go fuck herself. Sorry, I love that joke. And thats it. Thats the joke I came to tell you. And were done now. Thats it. Its over. The joke has been told. Thank you. No, Im done. The only thing that remains for me to do is to thank you for your southern hospitality, your weirdly creepy friendliness, and your, uh… and your adorable accents. Yuguda-Diggada-Doo-Doo. Id like to thank you the only way I really know how… In the form of a song. Its a song that goes a little something like this. * * yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah * yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah * I think I did it again * I made you believe * were more than just friends * * oh, baby * it might seem like a crush * but it doesnt mean * that Im serious * cause to lose all my senses * * that is just so typically me * * oh, baby, baby * oops! I did it again * * I played with your heart * got lost in the game * oh, baby, baby * oops! You think Im in love * * that Im sent from above * Im not that innocent * you see my problem is this * Im dreaming away * wishing that heroes, they truly exist * * I cry watching the days * cant you see Im a fool * in so many ways? * but to lose all my senses * that is just so typically me * * baby, oh * oops! I did it again * * I played with your heart * got lost in the game * oh, baby, baby * oops! You think Im in love * * that Im sent from above * Im not that innocent

SARAH MILLICAN@CHATTERBOX LIVE@2011@– Five minutes, Sarah. – Im just gonna go and have a quick snack. (Announcer) Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Sarah Millican. (Cheering) (Cheering, whistles) Hello. Thank you very much. (Chuckling) Thank you very much. What a lovely warm welcome. – Thank you. How are you? Are you well? – (Audience) Yes. Excellent. Thank you very much for coming to my show. Er, its much appreciated. I was gonna start off with a bit of advice. Im not really very good at giving out advice. Ill give an example of how. I was in a supermarket and I saw this young couple wandering around, and the girl said to her boyfriend, Have we got everything? And he said, I think so. And I looked in their basket and all they had was a bottle of rosé and a cucumber. And I just thought theres no way theyve got everything else theyre needing for a salad. And what I should have said is, Lube, love. Thats what you need. Lube. But I didnt. Shes gotta learn the hard way. (Audience laughing) The bit of advice Ive got is for the ladies in the room. Ive discovered, as a woman, how you know whether or not youre overweight. Its during the throes of passion when your partner picks you up, whether or not they say One, two, three first. Its my favourite joke. Its getting less funny as the days go on. (Laughing) Thank you for coming to the show. The show is called Chatterbox, cos thats kind of what Ive always been. Talking was sort of the only thing I was criticised for at school. Er, I mean by the teachers. I was criticised by the other kids for loads of things. Something of a nerd. Its really hard to believe, isnt it? Oh. I think its quite cool that the thing I was criticised for is now my job. Thats quite cool, isnt it? Fuck you, teachers. Just hope the same fate didnt befall the school bike. I had no idea that there was a film called Chatterbox, so I got in and I googled it. Such a film does exist. Its American. It was made in 1977. Its not available on DVD, which gives you a fair indication of the quality of the thing. And the film Chatterbox is about a woman with a talking vagina. So that man who came up to me… must have thought it was gonna be a live stage version. He must have walked in and gone, That microphone stands too high for a start. But I have managed to get a hold of the film on video, proper old school, and Ive only seen the first two minutes but Ive already decided that its brilliant. In the first two minutes, a man and a woman have sex, they finish, she says something like, That was lovely. That doesnt sound very American, does it? I cant really do accents. Ive made it sound more Geordie than it actually was, havent I? That was champion, pet. Thats what I say after sex. Unless it wasnt champion. Im no fucking liar. So shes relatively positive about the experience and then her vagina goes, It was all right. How many times have you wanted to say that? Itll do. Ill do it properly on my own later on. Dont worry. The women are laughing and the blokes are doing this. This is gonna be shit. But, I, er… Its nice to be out among so many people. I do spend a lot of time on my own. I live on my own. I do like living on my own, though. When I first decided to live on my own… My mam and dad dont really understand why people would want to live on their own. My mam said, People only live on their own if theyve got no friends. And then my dad made me look up the word hermit in a dictionary. But my dad did give me some good advice when I was looking for flats. He said, I dont think you should get one thats got a balcony. Cos what with living on your own, there will be a high suicide risk. Wonder if I should have been bearing that in mind when I was viewing properties. You know, Is that oven gas or electric? Is that light fitting really strong? Can it hold a decent weight? Ten stone? Fuck off. Eleven stone. And a half. And then another fucking half. But I do, I like living on my own. Does anybody else live on their own? Give us a wave if you live on your own. Weve got a nice lady here. Whats your favourite thing about living on your own? – The telephone. – The telephone? I like that you did that. Just in case, you know. Its just the North I live in. Its not, you know… the Dark Ages. The telephone. What do you… Did somebody not let you have a telephone in the old days when you lived with other people, you poor bugger? Did you live under the stairs? In what way the telephone? So I can speak to people. So I can speak to people, she said. No, I know what a telephones for, love. Its gonna be one of those nights, isnt it? Who else lives on their own? Give us another wave. Hello, flower. Nice lady at the back there. What do you like about living on your own, love? – Walking around naked. – Walking around naked. Theres a confident woman. Its good cos Ive got a friend who lives on her own. I said, Whats your favourite thing about living on your own? She said… Whenever I do a massive fart, I go, Good girl. (Laughing) You can have that if you like. Lady at the back, er… – Is it a flat or a house that youve got? – Flat. And if somebody broke into your flat while you were in it, what would you hit them with? – Have you thought this through? – Not so much. No? Well, lets have a think now. If youre like… – (Audience laughing) – Weve got to fix her. If youre, like, in the living room, for example, is there something to hand that you could clobber somebody with? – Remote control. – A remote control, you see. Multipurpose. I can watch whatever telly I like and I can fucking hit somebody. I asked a lady recently and she didnt know either. And I said, Whats normally to hand? And she went… Empty bottles. I said, I dont even think youd notice if somebody broke in! (Slightly slurred) I dont care who you are, shut the door on your way out, cos I can feel a fucking draught. My friends got a rounders bat down the side of her bed. Er… I mean for protection. Whoa. But shes been told that thats not allowed – its classed as an offensive weapon. Shes allowed to have a rounders bat down the side of her bed if its accompanied by something it would normally accompany. So now shes got a rounders bat and a rounders ball as well. And Im the same cos Ive got a massive knife and a massive fork. So if somebody breaks in with a big lump of steak, Im champion. But I live in a flat as well, and the flat opposite mine has been empty the whole time that Ive lived there, so I just never bothered getting any curtains. And I regularly wander around in just my knickers, cos Im 35 and I dont give a shit. And a friend came around for a cup of tea and she said, Have you noticed some young lads have just moved into the flat opposite? I said, I hadnt noticed. She said, Dont you think its time you got some curtains? As far as Im concerned, if some young lads are looking at me wandering around in my knickers, Im still the winner. Just wonder how long its going to be before they get fucking curtains. Look at me. (Laughs) Shoop! Please. But I think Id quite like an animal at home. I think that would make the place feel a little bit more sort of cosy. Give us a cheer if youve got a pet at home. – (Cheering) – See, Id quite like a cat. If I could have any animal, Id probably have a cat. But I cant have a cat cos my boyfriends allergic to cats, so I cant have one. – (Man) Dump him. – Well, precisely, flower. Well split up and thatll sort it out. Most people dont have something to look forward to at the end of a relationship. I cant wait till he starts fucking other women. Im off to the pet shop. Fuck you! But if I did get an animal, Id have to be careful cos whenever I had animals as a child, I always loved them a little bit too much. Theres a name for people like me. Its Hamster Squeezer. (Groaning) Look at his little face. When I was about seven, I had a little dog, and I loved it so much! Have you ever stroked a dog so hard you could see the whites of its eyes? When you stroke along its back, its little back legs buckle cos of the pressure. I do worry about my boyfriend. Cos I love him so much. Love him so much! (Shrill groaning) Look at his little face! – Is spunk supposed to be red? No. – (Audience groans) (Laughing) Thats a great reaction. The women are laughing and the blokes are going, Dont do that. Thats not fucking funny. Now is probably quite a good time to tell you that Im a lot ruder than I am on the telly. So brace yourselves. I tend to feel guilty as well. The thing I feel guilty about the most at the moment is the fact that I dont give blood. Give us a cheer if you give blood on a regular basis. – (Scattered cheers) – A few. Could always be more. I think its the marketing thats to blame cos I heard the advert on the radio, and the advert goes like this – Would you like to save a life? And I thought… Not really bothered. Do I know them? But Ive heard that you get a half-hour sit-down. Is that right? Yeah, and you get a cup of tea, is that right? – (Woman) Yeah, and a biscuit. – Oh. Biscuit. Did you know about the biscuits? Who said biscuits? Where are you, love? Nice lady there. What kind of biscuits? Whats the best biscuit that they have at your place? – Bourbons. – (Man) Yeah! Bourbons, and somebody in the middle went, Yeah! Got a big Bourbon fan in tonight. So can anybody do… The Bourbons pretty good. Can anybody do better than a Bourbon at their blood place? – (Man) Club biscuits. – Who said that? Where are you, fella? Hello, fella. Do they have a variety of Club biscuits or just the one flavour? – I just go for the orange ones. – You just go for the orange ones. Youre not a hero at all, are you? Youre just going for the free orange Clubs. Excellent. Are we gonna get any better than an orange Club? I dont know. – (Man shouts) – Who? What was that? – (Man) Party Rings. – Party Rings. Are you nine? (Laughing) Do they… Are they fanned out, like on a plate, all fancy? Thats what Id want. Jelly and ice cream as well. That would… Party Rings. I havent had a Party Ring in years. Can anybody do better than Party Rings or orange Clubs? No, thats it. Theyve got no… Sorry, I could… I could compete with the lady with the Bourbon, but Im fucked against the orange Clubs. This is the sort of thing that we need to know. This should be in the advert. The advert shouldnt be, Would you like to save a life? The advert should be… Do you like sitting down? Bloody love sitting down. Do you like cups of tea? I love cups of tea. Weve got Party Rings! Oh, if youve got Party Rings, why dont we see if you need some fucking bone marrow while were on. (Scattered applause) I did a show in Manchester and a lady shouted, At my place, if you pretend you dont feel very well, they give you a sandwich. (Moaning) Prawn mayonnaise. (Chuckling) But I, er… In this job, I tend to travel, mostly around the UK. Im from a place called South Shields. Have we got any North Easterners in? – (Scattered cheers) – Excellent. The loud women, hello. (Laughs) No, welcome. Thank you very much for coming. I mean, Im from South Shields but I actually live in Manchester now, and I mostly work around the UK. Occasionally, I get to go abroad. I went to Australia last year for the Melbourne Comedy Festival, which was great. It was great until it came time to come home. When because of the fucking volcano, got stranded for an extra week, and you find you dont get any sympathy off your friends if you tell em you are stranded for an extra week. My friend said, You were stranded. For an extra week. In Australia. Well, boo-fucking-hoo. I said, But listen to the word that youre using. Its stranded. Its not a good word. You could be stranded on the end of Brad Pitts cock and youd want to go home eventually! I mean, after a week or so, obviously. For snacks if nothing else. I think that explains why his girlfriends are always so skinny. Doesnt provide enough snacks. But while I was in Australia, I got a call from the fraud department of my credit card company inquiring why I was spending so much on my credit card. She said, Can I check a couple of transactions? And I said, Of course. The first one was a cashpoint withdrawal, and I had withdrawn the money, so that was all above board. The second one, she said, You spent a ã102 in a place called… Holts. And I went, Oh… Um, yeah, er, yeah, thats right. Er, its a chocolate shop. And she went, ã102! And I went, Yeah, it was for presents. For me. Cos I was nowhere near Brad Pitts cock. I did get a nickname while I was out there. Ive never had a nickname before. Ive been called things but thats different, isnt it? I think thats bullying. My nickname is The Cake Pigeon. Cos whenever I walk past a cake shop… (Chuckles) Walk past. Whenever I press myself up against a cake shop, I go… (Coos) And because I talk about cakes on stage, sometimes people bring cakes to shows for me, which is lovely but can sometimes be a little bit weird. Some lady came up to me a few months ago at the end of the show, she handed me a small fruitcake and said, This is for you. And I said, Thats lovely. Thank you. What a nice thing to do. And she said, Im sorry its just that… but its all we had in. I said, Have you been looking through your cupboards? Its not the fucking Harvest festival, pet. You buy the ticket, you can just come to the show. Which really pissed off the woman behind her who was standing with a tin of fucking peaches. But I have developed… People call it a muffin top if it hangs over your jeans. A muffin top. I dont really like that name. So Ive started calling mine my cake shelf. Its nice, though, isnt it? Cos it sounds like a good place to keep your cake. Somebody said to me, Are you pregnant? I said, Only if Ive been fucked by Mr Kipling. And, yes, it was exceedingly good. But Im a bit of a… a bit of a worrier. I dont worry about age any more. Im 35. Im past caring about age. I did worry when I was about to turn 30. I worried about turning 30. So I asked friends who were also approaching their 30th how it was going to affect them. One guy said, It means Im closer to retirement. Which I thought was a positive way of looking at it. But my favourite answer came from a bloke who said, I just need to make it to 34, and Ive beaten Jesus at living. But I was gonna say I worry about my weight but not enough to do anything about it yet. Although I bought a cross trainer, but apparently thats not enough. Just to buy it. Although its in the spare room and whenever friends stay over, I have to move it into the hall and then back again, and I break a sweat and I think, Ooh, its paying for itself. I think the problem is just the fact that I eat whatever I like and I dont give a shit. (Man cackling) Some people who are very similar to me in the audience. (Imitates mans cackle) (Laughs) Its probably the longest our mouths been open without some fucking food in it. (Imitates cackle) Huh! Exactly the same as me. Its a fucking hobby. I was in a restaurant with my friend, and I said, I like it in here cos theyve got multicoloured food. And she said, I think youll find theyre called vegetables. (Laughs) But I dont worry any more about the fact that I cant really see my fanny. – (Man groans) – Er… Just the thought of my fanny or all fannies make you feel quite sick, sir? Is it my fanny in particular or youre just not a big fan of fannies? – (Inaudible) – Youre not a fan of fannies. Ive got some cock stuff later on. Youll fucking love that. I dont need to see my fanny any more anyway cos Ive got people for that now. Er, one person. People sounds bad, doesnt it? Well, theres two. Its a job share. I cant see my fanny cos of my belly, but I cant see my belly cos of my tits. Hurray! As long as they stay, Im all right. If they go, Im fucked. Well, probably less so. I started buying womens magazines. I bought one recently, cos on the front cover it said that some female celebrities had put weight on and they were now curvaceous. I thought, Lets have a look and see how curvaceous they are. So I flicked through and the fattest woman in there, it said that she had ballooned. I repeat, she had ballooned to a size 12. Size 12. Id give my right arm to be a size 12. My right arm might be a size 12! But in a moment of stupidity, I was letting it toy with me… be getting myself some thigh-high boots and sort of fishing for a compliment, I said to my sister, Where would I get thigh-high boots that would fit my thighs? And she said, Well, trannies must get them from somewhere. Ive discovered the most horrific way you know youve put weight on. I dont think this is commonly known so I feel like I should spread the word. This happened to me in January, and it is genuinely upsetting. Where my boyfriend lives is a block of flats. Round the back of the block of flats is a car park. In order to get into the car park, you have to go through a barrier like an arm that lifts up… when it senses a car is near. I mean, I was carrying two big bags of shopping, but it still thought I was a Peugeot 206. But a friend of mine… Actually, Im not going to call him that. Its not appropriate. Ill call him a male acquaintance. Lets do that. A male acquaintance of mine with whom I have never had a dalliance… said to me, You know what, if you lost a couple of stone… I said, The rest of this better be a fucking equation. If you lost a couple of stone, we could probably go out. (Audience exclaims) I said, Only if the couple of stone I lost was me fucking head. (Cheering, whooping) I was on holiday with my boyfriend last year and he lifted me up, like in a romantic fashion. And put me down again, obviously. Um, in a different place. Otherwise that would just be weird, wouldnt it? (Laughing) Play the guess the weight of the lady stall at the fairground. Too fucking much! And when he put me back down, cos Id been reading Jane Austen on holiday, I came over all sort of… (Giggling) Like I needed a fan. And I said, Was I, er… Was I very heavy? And hes supposed to follow the lead and say something along the lines of Why, you weighed no more than a dry leaf. (Gasps) Well, he didnt. He went Manageable. But I found recently that Im not very good at relaxing. I get… I get quite wound up. Im on the go all the time. Im a bit of a workaholic, to be honest. And when I get in from work, wherever Ive been, Im rubbish at that winding down bit before you go to bed. Im quite interested in how other people relax. Nice fella in the front. How do you relax when you get in from wherever you spend your days? Is there something that you do to help you wind down? Probably sit down, watch TV. You sit down. Thats a good start, isnt it? Just sit down. Oh, Im relaxed. And you watch telly. What time do you normally put the telly on? – About 6:00. – About 6:00. Anything from 6:00 onwards, quite good for a few hours, isnt it? When I get in from work, it could be anything from midnight to 4:00 in the morning. So, unless Ive remembered to record something, Im stuck with… fucking Babestation. If you dont know what Babestation is, its a soft porn channel where on the screen is a relatively uneducated lady… Im guessing. And, er… And shes on the phone and across the bottom of the screen is a telephone number that you can ring, presumably to talk to her for sexual reasons. Although I dont think there are any rules that say you cant ring her up and chuck her a couple of sums and see how she gets on. Id probably just give her careers advice cos I used to work for the job centre. Youre very good on the phones. You could work for Orange. Theyre used to people ringing up and moaning. So weve got telly watching from the fella at the front. Thank you. What about nice fella there in the nice blue shirt? – What would you do to relax? – Take the dog for a walk. Take the dog for a walk. So is it the exercise or the fresh air or a combination of the two? – Fresh air in London? Yeah… – Fresh air in London? Oh, yes, I forgot. Do you have to wear a little mask? Do you? No. Do you just go under a certain level and then youre all right? What time do you go walking with the dog? Is it tea time? Four oclock. – Tea time. – Three oclock. Three oclock. The specifics arent that important, love. Well come back to me in a minute, dont worry. Three oclock in the… So thats afternoon? Cos I used to go… Like years ago, I used to go running. I know, fuck off, its hard to believe. Er… It didnt last very long. But I used to go… I used to go running around the park but really early on. Theres a time, theres a window that you can go. Cos it has to be before everybody gets up to go to work cos theyre the people that point and laugh. But after the dog walkers cos theyre always the ones that find the bodies, arent they? It is, isnt it? Its always that. Its always… Oh, found by a dog walker. Thank fuck I went out after them. So Ive got walking the dog. What else do we do to relax? Lets have people shouting out. (Man) Self-gratification. OK, do you just tell yourself youre brilliant or do you have a wank? Cos I did a show, er… I did a show in Birmingham, and I asked a man how he relaxed when he got in from work and he said one word. The beginning of the word sounded happy and midway through the word it just changed and sounded desperately sad. I said, How do you relax when you get in from work? And he went, Masturbation. I dont find that very relaxing. Er… Am I sharing too much? I dont find masturbation very relaxing cos Im a bugger for multitasking. Ive been known to put my tash cream on and go, Ive got five minutes, Ill have a quick… You make sure you dont mix your hands up, though. (Audience exclaims) And, you know, you get it done on time, cos if you dont you can smell burning flesh. Some people are genuinely appalled by that. And other people are going, Thats a really good idea. How do you relax? Shout out different ways. (Woman) Wine. It was a nonspecific amount as well. Wine. I dont really drink much. Anybody like me who doesnt really drink? – (Audience members) Yes. – Oh, they sound so sad. Weve gotta drive these fuckers home tonight. Are we big drinkers? Cheer if you do like a drink. (Cheering) See, Im not a very good drinker. Ive had some quite bad experiences. I once went out with a friend of mine. Shes lovely, but her husbands a bit iffy. And… Yeah, we went out for a few drinks. And the next day I was really ill. And I rang her and I said, Ive got no idea why Im this ill. Wed only had like two glasses of wine. And she said, Oh, thatll be Dave. He will have spiked your drink. I said Really? She said, Oh, yeah, he spiked mine once with speed. But I didnt mind so much cos I got loads of hoovering done. So you got telly, weve got drink, and how else do we relax? (Woman) Knitting. Yeah, where the fuck are you? Where are you? Knitting. – (Woman) Im from Boldon. – Youre from Boldon. Hello. This means nothing to them but hello. – (Scattered cheers) – (Laughs) Oh, OK. So you knit. Do you just knit like a long… I imagine its just always scarves. Or do you knit actual things that you can force onto people as presents? Socks. (Cheering and applause) And it does actually look like a sock. Well done, lady. Thats what Im doing. Oh! Have you brought it in case you were a little bit bored during the show? Cocks. Shes talking about cocks again. So knitting is a good answer. My friend said to me, Have a bath. Its a good way of relaxing. I thought, That is quite a good idea. I normally have showers. I think showers are more time-efficient. But I still buy all the things you put in the bath – the lotions and potions and the bath bombs, all that sort of stuff. My bathroom looks like Ive ram-raided Lush. The only time I ever have a bath is when Im in a hotel, Im on the road, maybe, and Im in a hotel room. Ive got a bit of time to myself. But I dont take my lotions and my potions, cos you dont, do you? Instead Im stuck with time, but like an inch of shower gel/shampoo/fucking toothpaste. With which Im expected to wash a 12-stone woman. I mean me. I dont provide a service. Come on in, Brenda. Get on the scales. Youre all right. Go get your clothes off. So, my friend said, Have a bath, so I had a bath and it was all right. It was all right. But I thought, I bet I can make this better. So I had a cup of tea in the bath. (Gasps) Theres something really satisfying about being the same temperature on the inside as the outside. I was in the bath the other day. I had a cup of tea. Had a bath bomb in. We all know what a bath bomb is. It just fizzes around and makes the water all smell nice and feel nice. My boyfriend was walking past and I shouted him in and he said, Whats the matter? I said, Doesnt it smell nice? He went, It does smell nice. I said, Feel my arm, and I lifted it out the water, Feel that, and he went, Ooh… slimy. So I relaxed for another 20 minutes and then it was time to get out the bath. But I still had a bit of tea left. And I thought, Im not going anywhere till I finish my tea. So I just pulled the plug and let the water all drain out. And I ended up sitting in an empty bath. I felt a little bit beached. But it wasnt altogether a horrible experience. Nobody was like spraying us with water trying to keep us alive. So I finished my tea and as I stood up to get out the bath, a tidal wave of water came from behind me. I was totally confused. I looked at the front and it was empty. I looked behind, still about that much. I had formed a seal around the bath with my arse. (Sighs) That wasnt very relaxing. But I do sometimes struggle sleeping as well. Just occasionally, I have the odd bout of insomnia, and I thought maybe Ill buy a CD, and get these CDs that have got soothing sounds and music on. I thought Id get one of those, that might help us drift off to sleep. I noticed Paul McKenna has got a CD out, hasnt he? I Can Make You Sleep. Hes a very confident man, Paul McKenna, isnt he? Its not Ill give it a bash. I Can Make You Sleep. Hes also got I Can Make you Thin, which I had thought about getting cos it sounded like a challenge… for him. I Can Make You Thin. Can you? Can you, Paul? Bring it on, motherfucker. Hes also got I Can Make You Rich, and I thought, I wonder if thats his happiness box set – thin, rich, sleep, done. When I first started going out with my boyfriend, I was living in a flat where the boiler was broken and it was freezing, and he sent a text saying, If I was there, I would make you warm, Id make you come and Id make you breakfast. And I thought, Now, thats a fucking box set, isnt it? Im not suggesting that that should be Paul McKennas next box set. I Can Make You Come. Can you? Can you, Paul? Oh! Fuck, he just did. Hes good. Hes good. I thought I was giving up smoking. (Giggles) I do a lot of driving in this job. I dont find driving very relaxing. I get quite stressed behind the wheel and I bought something that I thought might help in certain situations. And what I bought was a Shewee. Now… – (Men groaning) – Some of you know what it is. If you dont know what a Shewee is, its a little funnel ladies can use to have a wee standing up without having to remove any clothing. Its quite practical, quite functional. Women use it for music festivals, or for going walking or hiking or that sort of thing. I bought it cos I got stuck in traffic. I wasnt just like at the lights for ages going, Come on. Come on. Fuck it. Im just gonna piss myself. No, I was driving on the M6 between Manchester and Birmingham and a lorry jack-knifed and theres 150 cars stuck for two and a half hours. All the men got out of their cars, they all had a chat with each other and then they stood in a big, long line on the hard shoulder and had a wee and I was really jealous. So I got in, ordered a Shewee. It arrived. Its pink, obviously. And I also bought an extension pipe. Cos I thought if that ever happens again and I get to wee alongside the men on the hard shoulder, wouldnt it be great if I had the biggest cock? Is that all youve got, love? Has anybody got a shoulder I can rest mine on? But Im quite practical like that. Ive only been driving a few years, but when I first passed my test, my dad, who I get my practical side from, said to me, Right, the following things you should always have in the boot of your car – you need a blanket, you need a flask, you need a shovel. And hes right, cos whenever Ive killed a man, Im always parched. But I am quite practical, Im quite logical, in some ways Ive got quite a male brain, and in other ways, Im quite girlie and quite feminine, quite emotional. To be honest, I think Im a bit of a mishmash of the genders. I mean in a personality way. I dont mean like, Ive got a bit of a knobble I cant explain. Does yours look like that? My friend invited me round for tea. She said, Come to mine, Ill cook all your favourite food. What a lovely thing to do, so of course I went. Couple of hours later, were sitting on the sofa putting the world to rights. And she blurted out, just out of nowhere, she blurted out, I dont think my lady parts look like other girls lady parts. What the fuck am I supposed to do with that? I realised the whole night had been a ploy. Favourite foods, my arse. Come and look at my fanny. I said, Im not looking at it. Im not looking at it. But if you draw it on a bit of paper, Ill have a look at that. So she drew it on a bit of paper, and I drew mine as well, and we compared them. And they were very similar. She seemed much happier. She said mine was tidier. I dont really know what that means. But I know I definitely dont want to look at hers now that I know that its messy. But it could have been worse than drawing on paper. I could have just put some paint on and done a potato print. Sometimes wouldnt even need the paint. Oh! (Audience exclaims) (Gags) (Chuckles) But what Ive been doing with audiences is asking the ladies whats best about being a woman, and the men whats best about being a man. And then working out whether Im more male or female depending on you guys tonight. It changes every night and its fun for you, but its ever so slightly terrifying for me. Lets get cracking. Im gonna write them down cos Ive got an awful memory. Lets get some ladies shouting out. What do we think… – (Woman) Always being right! – Fucking hell! Always being right. Where are you, love? – Oh, there you are. Always being right. – (Woman) Yeah. Wow. Are you in a relationship at the minute? – No. – Yes. You are? Is your partner with you tonight? – (Woman) Yeah. – Are you all right, love? Yeah? Always being right is a good answer. We need a couple more from the ladies. Best thing about being a woman? (Woman) Free dinners! Free dinners? – Where are you? – (Woman) Cos blokes pay for them. – Free dinners. – (Woman) Yeah. OK. – Who pays for the actual dinners? – (Woman) He does. – The fella? – (Woman) Yeah. OK. Theyre not really free, though, are they, love? (Inaudible) Ah! (Chuckling) Hope that pizzas worth it. Ah! Oh! Wow. And one more for the ladies. Best thing about being a woman? – (Woman) Nothing. – Nothing? Did you just shout out nothing? Nobodys ever said that before. Why dont you like being… Are you, like, due a big operation soon, love? Im done, Ive had enough. Im gonna get a cock. Would you rather be a man? – Maybe. – Oh, youre not really sure? So, youre not… OK, Im just gonna put indecisive down for you. Maybe that fella will buy you a dinner. – Then I would change my mind. – Then you would change your mind? Wow. Shallow as well. Lets get some ladies shouting out. What do you think the best thing is about being a woman? (Woman) Tits. Hello, lady. Tits! How long have you had them? Quite a while. I got mine when I left school. I mean, thats when they grew. I dont mean like, Youve done quite well in your GCSEs. Have some tits. Tits is a good answer. Thank you. And there was another lady shouted out. Are you upstairs or downstairs? The lady who shouted out something… Oh, yeah, yeah, hello, love. I just said that were better at everything. Thats all. – Were better at everything. – (Woman) Yes. I love that. One woman went Yeah! and the rest of you went Oh, fuck. Its gonna kick off now. Better at everything. Everything! OK. Er, do any of the fellas wanna shout out something that they think they may be better than that lady at? (Man 1) Everything. (Man 2) Pissing through letterboxes. Pissing through letterboxes. Weve got Shewees. We can fucking do that now. (Cheering) Maybe you are right, lady. Well done! (Laughing) And we need one more from the ladies. Best thing about being a woman? – (Woman) Being psychic. – Being psychic. Oh, OK. Are you trained? No. Are you in a relationship at the moment? Yes. Is this… Oh. Oh, lovely… Hello, lovely lady. Tell me, is your lovely lady psychic? No, shes not, is she? Thats cos its not real, is it? The reason shes not is cos its not possible. Er… What do you think Im thinking now about you? – (Indistinct) – That youve what? Got nice glasses. Er… Well, OK. Lets go with that to make her feel better about herself. (Laughs) That Ive got nice glasses. Thats brilliant. No, that youre a loon is what I was thinking. Whatever. OK, lets get some fellas. Nice fella here. Youre quite young. How old are you? – Im 23. – (Man) Twenty-three. What do you think is the best thing about being a man, love? – Saturday football. – Saturday football. – Do you play football or is it watching? – Watching. Is it gonna kick off if you say who you support? Will it kick off? No, it should be all right. Should be all right. Are we ready? – Who do you support, love? – Im an Arsenal fan. (Booing) Ive had this answer before and I said to this fella… He said football and I said, Will it kick off? And he said, I dont know. And it was exciting and the whole room was tense and it was in Liverpool, the sort of place where it might well divide opinion. And he went, Hull! And everybody in the room went, Who? Watching football is a good answer. Thank you very much. Lets get more fellas. The fella who shouted out about pissing through letter boxes. – Is that your answer? – (Man) Yeah, thats it. Nothing else. Nothing else? The best thing about being a man. Thats it, done. Pissing through letter boxes. Ive got a Shewee now. Im definitely gonna have a go at that. There was a… A bloke said the best thing about being a man was peeing standing up. I said to him, Wheres the weirdest place youve had a wee? And I was doing this, and he went, In a water bottle on a stage once. Oh, OK. Lets put that back. Im very thirsty. Itll be champion. So, thank you very much, fella. Lets get some more fellas, best thing about being a bloke? (Man) Not being a woman. Is that you up there, fella? What did… Somebody said… Was it you? Not being a woman? What do you think youd hate about being a woman? (Woman, indistinct) Not being able to wee at the side of the road. Yes, you just take things that have been said before and pass them off as your own, love. What would you hate about being a woman? (Man) Not being right. – Not being right? – (Audience exclaiming) Its gone from being quite a nice answer to, like, a rally, hasnt it? Bless him. Shes… Yeah. Shes just doing that Im sorry face. Im sorry. I have this all the time. Hes a dick, I cannot help it. Well done, lady, for putting up with that shite. Youve taken him off the street so we dont have to go out with him, well done. (Indistinct) We had another fella shout out, but I didnt quite hear it. (Man) Orgasms. Thats the best thing about being a man? One at a time. Thats like, Do you want that whole packet of biscuits? Im happy with one biscuit. Ill come back to you in about half an hour and Ill try for another biscuit. His wifes going Ah, ah. Its fine, I can feed myself, love. Ive never made a parallel between orgasms and biscuits, but I like it. Thank you very much. Lets get some fellas shouting out. Best thing about being a bloke? – (Man) Not having a vagina. – Not having a vagina. (Men, scattered) Ooh. I think some of the men are disagreeing with you. Which is quite an odd turn of events. Not having a vagina. I feel… Youre so against vaginas, sir, I feel like, you know, somebody should rub one in your face before the end of the show. Its not gonna be me. Fuck off. Ive got knickers on that go up to my bra. It would take too long. When was the last time you saw one? Like, on the way out. Yeah. – Was it on the way out? Maybe… – (Indistinct) – About 14? – Yeah. That was when you were born? No. That was when you last looked at one. – OK. – I have seen them on TV… Youve seen them on TV? As far as Im aware, you have to sort of seek them out on telly, dont you? I dont think it just pops up in the middle of, like, Crimewatch. Maybe it does. Youve seen them on TV? Is your reaction much like whenever I do a joke about vaginas and you do that, Oh! Is it the same then? Do the noise that you do whenever you see a cock. What was that he… There was no noise. He just… He got so excited. No noise came out. (Gasps) It was almost an intake of breath, wasnt it? Rather than a noise like a… (Gasps) Like that? Like when I see a big cake and nobody around. Not having a vagina. Thank you very much. Lets get two more fellas shouting out best thing about being a bloke. – (Man) Reverse parking. – Who said that? (Audience exclaiming) (Scattered applause and cheers) Its, like, three men clapping. Reverse parking. Reverse… Lets test him. Shall we test him? Theres a lady in the front. Yes. Test him. Reverse parking. How long you been driving, love? (Man) About 30 years. 30 years. It was easier then, though. It was like horses and carts and that. (Laughing) And can you… Lets test him. Can you… Can you reverse, like, in first time? – (Man) Mostly, yes. – Mostly. Oh, at least hes honest. Mostly. Er… And can you… Er, lets have a think, what else? Can you reverse around a corner? – (Man) Yes. – Fuck! Have you got any points on your licence? (Man) No. (Woman) Yes! Ooh! (Audience exclaiming) Relationships stand for fuck all when its men against women, have you noticed? Yes, he has. – (Indistinct) – Officially my favourite answer now. What did you say, love? Three points for speeding while rushing to help an old lady. (Audience groans) While you were rushing to help the old lady, you could have killed her friend. That would have been funny. Well… In hindsight. Maybe its not at the time. Thank you very much for your answer. – Best thing about being a bloke? – (Man) No periods. – No periods. – (Low groans) Oh! (Laughs) Well, the women all hate you. Thats a good answer. Lets get some more fellas shouting out. Best thing about being a bloke? – (Man) Having a beard. – Having a beard! Having a… Er, is that laziness or do you like the way it looks? – Feels. – Feels? You like the way it… Do you just sit at home and just… (Moaning) OK. I do this when Im driving. People pick their nose when theyre at traffic lights, I do what I call feeling for beard. So I do that. Fuck, Ive got one! Ive got one! Fuck! Lets get some more fellas. Best thing about being a bloke? – (Man) Grindr. – Grindr. – (Clap) – Ooh, there was one clap. You might have found a mate. Do you want to explain to those who dont know what Grindr is? (Man) Its all right. Is that an app where you can find a gay man, is that right? – (Man) Yes. – Excellent. OK. Its good that there was one other clap, though, isnt it? I feel like he might have found somebody tonight. But chances are you probably already knew where he was and had sussed him out and decided you didnt fucking like him. Weve got more for the blokes. We need another one from the ladies. – Best thing about being a woman? – (Woman) Multiple orgasms. Multiple orgasms. (Scattered applause) A small pocket of women are clapping and some of the men are going… What? Do you mean, like, Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday? January, February, March. 2009, 2010… Multiple orgasms. Okey-doke. Now lets work out whether Im more male or more female. This is ever so slightly terrifying. Always being right. I dont think that applies to me. Free dinners. Fuck, no, Ive got self-respect. Er… Tits. Im with you all the way, love. So Im gonna tick tits. Sounds good. I like that. Tick tits. I dont think were better at everything. Not having a vagina. Well, I do. So I cant tick that one. And reverse parking. Sometimes I get it in first time and Im genuinely surprised when that happens. Nobody more surprised than me. I just pull in and go, Ooh, it worked! So I cant tick that one. And I cant tick No periods. I clearly cant. I dont mean clearly. Oh, uh… I mean, I have periods, but its not… Is it? No. If I walk ahead will you check the back of my skirt? And yeah, Multiple orgasms. Tick. I can now piss through a letter box. Awesome. Watching football. Im not interested in football so that doesnt apply to me. And Grindr wouldnt really help me an awful lot, I dont think. Beard. Im going to tick that as well. Its like a part-time job keeping on top of mine. Youre laughing, but its my life. So, I am one, two parts woman and… Oh, no! Two parts man. I feel like I should show you at least a bollock. Ill tell you my favourite answers. My favourite girl answer. She wasnt even a woman, she was a girl. She was 16. And she said, The best thing about being a woman, we can look at boobs whenever we like. It was a good answer. She said, Well, men have to earn the right to look at your boobs. I thought she seemed awfully young to know about such things. I said, Give us an example of something a man would have to do to earn the right to look at your boobs. And she quite simply said, They have to be nice. – (Audience members) Aw. – And it was a lovely moment, but loads of the women in the room went, Oh, my God! Shes right. Weve been showing our boobs to bad men for years. My favourite male answer is a man said, The best thing about being a man is dicking things. I had to have this explained to me. I didnt know what it was. Dicking things is the act of hitting things with your dick. Two days after I met him… (Giggles) ..I met a lovely lady, and she said, Do you remember the man who said dicking things? And I said Yes. She said, Well, hes my fiancé. I said, Did you know about the dicking things? No. She said she had to go over all the surfaces with a Flash wipe. Ive only been doing stand-up for about six years. And before that, my life was quite substantially different. I was married and I had a job that I hated so much, I used to try and get knocked over on the way in. I wasnt suicidal. Just a couple of ribs or a leg. Well, like I say, my life is quite different now. I spent some time with my sister recently and she said, Youve changed. Ooh! You know that voice that they put on. The big-sister voice, that even though at 35 and 41 still frightens the shit out of us. Youve changed. I said, How have I changed? She said, You never used to eat peas when you lived with us. Thats the kind of crazy lifestyle she thinks Ive got now. I always get free peas everywhere I go. Obviously, we stay in hotels. When youre on the road, you stay in hotels and normally quite reasonable ones, but sometimes I get put in quite posh ones. People put me… Ive never… Ive never been in a hotel room before that had a bidet. Has anybody else… Give us a cheer if youve had a go on a bidet. – (Cheering) – Where the fuck have I been? – Has anybody got one at home? – (Woman) Yeah. Shut up! Whos got one at home? The knitter. Youve got two bidets? Are they, like, side by side, so you can, you know, at the same time? Well, we bought the house from some Italians. Oh, well, that explains it all if you bought the house from some Italians. Well known for their dirty bits. Youve got an upstairs bidet and a downstairs bidet? Thats amazing. Maybe you can answer this question, then. Cos Ive never been on a bidet before. I know, Im 35. Shut up. I said, Ill have a go. I had a bit of time. Uh… But there arent any instructions and I didnt really know how it worked. Maybe you can answer this question. Am I supposed to face the wall? No. Is that not right? I didnt know. Is that not right? No. I didnt know, but like I say, I had a bit of time so I tried it both ways. One way it was all right. The other way it was bloody lovely. By the time Id finished you could eat your dinner off it. Of course, I had to go back on then cos itd be covered in gravy. We dont have bidets where Im from. Just have damp flannels. But Im never gonna get a bidet. Ive got a flat with four rooms. Im never going to get something that takes up so much space that Id rarely use. Having said that, I have still got a cooker. Im not very good in the kitchen. I know where it is, cos thats where the biscuits are. I couldnt remember the verb to cook the other day and I rang me boyfriend and said, Ive just ovened a pie. But Jamie Olivers got these 30-minute meals now, hasnt he? 30-minute meals, bless him. He still thinks weve got half an hour to do the tea. 30-minute meals, nothing to boast about. I can do a good spaghetti Bolognese in four minutes on high. In 30 minutes, I expect to have ovened it, eaten it, fucking shat it out by then. I tend not to see my friends of an evening, cos I work most nights. So I see my friends, we go out for lunch. I really like going out for lunch with my friends. Went out with one of my friends… Shes lovely, but shes bit of a moaner. Went out for a nice meal, she complained about the food, so we had to send the food back, and I made some hilarious remark about how the chefs now gonna go and wank in our soup. She came out with the best answer ever. She just went, Oh, good. I havent had sex in ages. Now, surely she doesnt think that merely ingesting spunk… is the same as having actual sex. If only it was that straightforward when you cant really be bothered. Just bung it in a smoothie. Ill have it later on. Could be one of my five a day. I took my mam, dad and my sister out for a nice meal just before Christmas. And midway through the meal, my mam said, When me and your dad go, were gonna go together. I said, What are we talking about now? When me and your dad go, were gonna go together. I said, Are you talking about a suicide pact? And she went, No. Were not gonna call it that. So, I sort of did the What the fuck? face at my sister. The… And she quite calmly just said, As long as they leave me a letter explaining it, cos Im not gonna go to prison for them. Just getting steadily worse. So I looked at my dad, cos my dads like the voice of reason in our family. And I said, What do you think about this? And he went, First Ive heard of it. He did look genuinely gutted as well. Like he had massive plans for what hes gonna do after my mam had died. When I was in Australia I missed my family terribly and I used to Skype them once a week. You know Skype where you can see each other through your computers? It makes home feel closer, I think, if you can see peoples faces as well as hear their voices. Theyd sit around their computer – Mam, Dad, my sister – in a semi-circle, once a week. And at the end of every call, – theyd lean in and kiss the webcam. – (Audience) Aw. Which was lovely, but terrifying the first time it happened. Ahhh! I know my sister knows about computers. I know my dad used to work with computers, but Im pretty sure my mam doesnt really know how it works. I know that she definitely doesnt know that I can still see her face even when Im not talking to her. Cos Id talk to my mam, then Id move on to my sister, and Id go, Hows work? And my mam would do this. I used to Skype my boyfriend as well and I Skyped him every day. And I work, you know, away from… Therell be people in this room tonight who work away from home, and I dont think it gets any easier the more you do it. I was in Australia for six weeks and midway through I just got quite flat and quite sad, and just really wanted to go home. And on one of those days, when I rang my boyfriend, when his face came up on the screen there was such a well of emotion in here, that the first thing I said to him wasnt hello. The first thing I said was, Youre too far away. – (Audience) Aw! – So he moved the webcam. I didnt have the heart to tell him I meant geographically. He just got the laptop and went like that. Is that better, love? (Chuckles) Bless him. But whenever I spend time with my sister, we always go shopping. Cos my sisters a really good influence on me. For example, if I buy make-up I always buy cheap make-up. Cos if I buy cheap make-up, I can buy more make-up. Thats how my mind works. My friend said to me the other day, I like that glittery eyeliner youve got on. Where did you get that from? I said, Its from ASDA. She said, Really? I said, Yeah. I said, It smarts a bit, but it was only four pound. But my sister said, Why dont we just buy one thing thats good quality, a bit more expensive and will last? I said, Thats a good idea. So I bought a blusher. And you know how make-up, all the colours have names these days. My blushers called Orgasm. I said, Why does it have to be called Orgasm? Why cant it just be fucking peach? I mean, Peach. Would be more fun if make-up was swearier, though, wouldnt it? I like your nail varnish. Thanks very much, its called Shitting Red. My sister was determined to embarrass me in front of our parents. And she went, Tell Dad what your blushers called. No. Tell Dad what your blushers called. No. I said, Look, were 35 and 41. Are you really going to reduce us to children? And she went, Tell Dad what your blushers called. I said, Right, shut up. Ill tell him. So I said, Dad… You gotta limber up for this kind of conversation. I said, Dad. He went, Uh-huh. I went, My blusher… (Sighs) My blushers called Orgasm. And he thought hed do a funny joke and he said, When you put it on does it make your face do this? And I went, Whoa! Whatever youre about to do, you must never do when I am there. God! I do… I like going shopping, but I dont find shopping very relaxing. What normally happens is I go in a shop that I like, I try on some clothes that I like. Most of them wont fit, and I walk out shouting something along the lines of, Oh, so Im an 18 in here? Well, fuck off. And then I have to go and buy a handbag to calm down. Cos youre never too fat for a handbag. (Applause) Although these days theyve got those ones that have just got the short straps and they just go right under your arm. I think its just a matter of time before I have to get buttered out of a handbag. And I know what Im talking about as well, cos I was once cut out of a dress in Monsoon. That wasnt my favourite day. The lady said, Ill just go and get the scissors. Why are you crying? Cos Im gonna have to wear this dress for the rest of my natural life and I dont even know if I fucking like it. Ive been buying myself new knickers recently. Whenever I buy knickers, I always buy daft knickers. So theyve always got like cakes or cats or stars or hearts or slogans, that sort of thing. Generally from a supermarket, occasionally from Marks and Spencers if theyve got an offer on. Three for a tenner, try and fucking stop us. One of the supermarkets has recently had a range of superhero knickers. And theyre awesome. And Ive got enough pairs now that I can be invincible for five days in a row. I rang my sister cos I thought shell want to know about these. She said, What sort of thing have they got on? And I said, Ive got some with Wonder Woman on and some with She-Ra on. And there was a little pause, and she went, The footballer? I love that she thinks Ive got knickers with Alan Shearers face on. I love a slogan on a knicker. I love a slogan on a knicker. Erm… The best slogan I ever had, it said, Id do anything for love. And on the back, But I wont do that. I mean, it was written on in Biro, but still. I went into Marks and Spencers recently to try some clothes on. And the same thing happens that always happens when you try clothes on in there. The lady took the clothes off us that I wanted to try on, she hung them on the rail, she gave us the tag, she swished the curtain. All very normal so far. But as she swished the curtain, her parting shot. She said, Just give us a shout if you need any bigger sizes. (Audience) Whoa. So I swished it back just as quickly and went, I think youll find you mean different, you bitch. While I was in Marks, I went to the lingerie department. In the lingerie department they had a stretchy, lacy, all-in-one kind of body stocking type of thing. Presumably for sort of sexy time. I cant imagine any actual practical use. Maybe straining vegetables. And on the bottom of the packaging, it said, One size fits most. That clearly used to say, Fits all. You gotta pity the poor woman who had to go in and go, You need to change your packaging, pet. It doesnt fit all. Its still on one leg. But I told you I dont have children. – Give us a cheer if you have got kids. – (Cheering) – And if you havent. – (Louder cheering) More energy, I like it. I dont have children, and its by choice. I just dont really like them. Ive never been very maternal. Apart from the tiny kittens. (Grunting) Theres a reason right there. Shouldnt have fucking kids. Im sorry, it just popped. I think if you ask any woman who doesnt have kids what would worry them about having kids, the answer would be childbirth. Its a reasonable thing to worry about cos what youre basically doing is youre forcing a person out. Thats what youre doing, youre… forcing a person out. Ive never forced a person out. Ive forced a couple in. With a shoehorn. No, it was just my thumb. One of the reasons Im not very good with kids, I was never around them as a child. I was always the youngest. My mam had my sister, then she had me, then she had her tubes tied. When she went to the hospital the nurse said, Are you sure? She said, Yeah, we only wanted two. We got two. Wed like to go ahead with the procedure. And the nurse said, What if one of them dies? And my mam was like, Its not like I just want any two. Well, weve got a set of bunk beds. It seems a shame to waste one. I do have friends who are mothers. Mothers do a brilliant job, dont get me wrong. But the kind of mothers that I dont like, and we all know one of these, are the mothers who have four or five children, and who think that you dont know how to do anything because you dont have kids. It can be the simplest of tasks, you know the sort of thing, sort of, Well, I mean, I know how to open a tin of beans, cos Ive got children. Dont know howd you know how to open a tin of beans, cos you dont have children, do you? No. Aw! But I could probably open a tin of beans with my fanny, but I bet you fucking couldnt. With the ring pull as well. I say that so you dont think Ive got a big jaggedy fanny. I was in the shop and this little boy came running over, maybe about five-year-old, came over, put his hand in mine and shouted, Mummy! And I thought, Ooh, I sometimes forget my keys, but I think Id remember that. Then his dad came over. I thought, I wonder if this is like the best chat-up line ever. And his dads gonna go, No, no. Thats not your mummy. Remember your mummy left us cos my willys too big. I had to go to family planning just before Christmas. Oh, my God! I was the oldest by 20 years. I was mortified! And the lady said, Do you want some free condoms while youre here? And I thought, Out for nowt. Just before Christmas, probably use them as stocking fillers or something. And she said, Would you like flavoured ones? And I thought, You bugger, this is advanced compared to when I used to go. And I said, Look, love, Im 35. The only flavour Id want a condom to taste of is cock. Apparently they dont do those. So I had to settle for the two most popular lines, which were Lambrini and Greggs pasties. (Applause) Told you thered be some cock ones coming round for you, flower. Let me ask you guys a question. Shout out, anybody in the room whos ever broken anything during sex. Takes a bit of settling in. Yeah. You broke something? – Where are you? – (Woman) Lamp. – A lamp or a lamb? – (Woman) A lamp. (Imitates lamb bleating) (Laughs) Where are you, love? There you are. Hello, love. It was a lamp. What kind of lamp? It had a, like, ceramic base to it. Ooh, a ceramic base. Oh. And did it just… Was it, like, movement and it just toppled off or… – Yeah, pretty much. – Pretty much. – Did anybody get hurt or was it all right? – No, it was all fine. It was all right. So, weve got a lamp/lamb from the lady over there. Lamp is a good answer. Thank you very much. What else have we got? – (Man) Bed. A bed. Where are you, love? Hello, flower. Up there. And you broke the bed. Was it fixable or did you have to buy a new one? – We got a new one. – You got a new one? OK. Theres lots of giggling going on there. Is it… Lets have a look. Is it the partner that youre with? Well, I mean, sorry, but if you sit in couples like that Im gonna make assumptions about you, flower. Er, so its this lady here, the one thats looking desperately like she wishes she wasnt here. So, did you insist on the new bed? Was it a chance to get a new bed? It was at uni and the landlord said I had to buy a new bed. It was at uni and the landlord said you had to buy a new bed. Did he come in and inspect it? Did you lose your bond? Its what happens, isnt it, when you fuck a bed to death. Somethings gonna have to go. Was anybody hurt or was it all all right? It was fine. So, weve got a bed, thank you very much, couple, who love sitting next to each other so much. So, weve got a bed and weve got a lamp. What else have we got? – (Woman) Dessert table. A dinner table? Who said a dinner table? – Dessert table. – A bird table? Were you the bird on the table? – What did you say? Shout louder. – I said dessert table. A dessert table? All of my tables are dessert tables. Im just guessing, but are you quite posh? Er, this is for the bruschetta. Then we move over here and weve got… I dont know, sausage and mash? Dont know. Er… I cant even think of a posh main course. Did you say coq au vin? Fucking surprise! Hes got it on the fucking brain! Do you really have a table just for desserts? – Yes? – (Woman) No. We worked in a restaurant. Oh, you worked in a restaurant. So youre really not posh. No. And was it… Did it have… Why were you having sex at work? I like that theres at least 60 per cent of the room going, My sex life is rubbish. So, was the restaurant still open? Were people, like, trying to get the jelly and ice cream from round you, and that? We were under the dessert table. Under the dessert table. Dont I feel like a proper tit now. See, if it was me, Id probably… Id want to be in, like, writhing in amongst it. And then Id just go, You know what, fella, I dont really need you. (Scattered applause) Oh, crème brûlée! See, I thought of a posh pudding. Yes! Did you get caught? No. Well, now everybody knows cos its on a DVD, isnt it? I think I used to work in Nandos with her. (Laughs) Dessert table is a good answer. Thank you very much, love. What else have we got? (Woman) Rear-view mirror. – A what? – (Woman) A rear-view mirror. A rear-view mirror. OK, theres lots of questions here. Erm… Hello, by the way. – Er… was the car moving? – No. No, OK, thats safety first. Gotta get that out of the way. Was it knocked off with an arse, by any chance? – I think so, yeah. – You think so. Did you not notice till you were trying to drive away? Theres something not right. No, its not the spunk in my hair, its… Thats normal. Its Tuesday. Cant seem to see behind me. Youve still got it in the cleft of your arse, love. Now, just… Did it shear off or just unclick? Because you can slot them back in, cant you? Apparently. Shut up. – Did it? – It was quite an old car. It just came off. It was quite an old car. Oh, yeah, classy, arent you? Having sex in an old car. – Well done! Was it through the day? – No! No, no, obviously. Look, youre like, What do you think I am, some kind of monster? Anybody else… You know how everybody talks about dogging and everything, and I dont know anybody who does it. Maybe I do. But every time I see two cars together, I just go, Dogging. Just automatically. One of them sometimes is an RAC van. Dogging. No, theyre not. So, a rear-view mirror is a very good answer. Thank you, flower. Have we got anybody else? – (Man) Blood vessels. Blood vessels. (Audience groaning) Weve gone all the way from lamp to blood vessels. Er… Where were the blood vessels? Laying there as you do, I thought he was dribbling on me. You thought he was dribbling on you. (Audience exclaiming) We need to know the rest otherwise Ill not sleep. Just put your fingers in your ears if youre already feeling a bit sick. Weve all… Did you just say Youve all been there? Then there was a bit too much dribble. Too much dribble. Its a telltale sign, pet. Turned the lamp on and looked like a butchers slab. You turned the lamp on and he looked like a butchers slab. You looked like a butchers slab. He was champion. He was ready for the next go. – Passion killer. – So… Yes, it would be a passion killer. If it wasnt a passion killer, theres something wrong with you. So, you didnt actually work out where the blood came from? – It was his nose. – Oh, it was his nose. It could have been a lot worse. Probably the most painful one Ive had so far, – a man said hed broken his banjo string. – (Man) Ohhh! Its about cocks. You should like this one. Snapping them and that. No. If you dont know what a banjo string is, you should just google it when you get in. Im not gonna tell you, Im not your mam. Ew! Shouldnt be your mam that ever tells you that. Now, things you need to know. What can snap on a cock? I love that noise when you say banjo string, and a lot of people in the room know what it is, and other people are going, Why was he playing a banjo? I dont get it. Doesnt sound very sexy to me. Its not a sexy instrument. Thank you very much for that, flower. God, I hope everybody is all right now. Jesus Christ. There was a man, actually… I did a show and a man shouted out that hed broken his foot during sex. And I said, Did you carry on or did you stop? And he said, Carried on. And I recognised his accent. He was a Geordie. And I thought he probably didnt even put his fucking pie down. Its a very personal question and I am grateful to those of you who did join in, thank you very much. What sometimes happens is people go, I wont tell her in front of all those people, but Ill send her an email when I get in. And Im like, Ooh, Ive got an email. Oh! Oh! Although I have got a man who, er… a man who sorts my website out. So, he actually filters my emails. Mainly because Im not very technical, but also… Because for a while I was getting loads of pictures of mens cocks just sent to me. And now he can print them off so I can put them on the wall. Just as a border. Its not too much. Would you like to sleep in the cock room this evening? But probably my… Probably the best one that Ive ever had by email, – a lady said shed broken a mans pelvis. – (Scattered groans) Yeah, it was a one-night stand, she was on top. He was screaming. She thought he was having a marvellous time. But my favourite one in a show, a lady said shed broken a mans spirit. (Scattered applause) Think weve all done that from time to time. I broke my vibrator once. That counts, right? And normally when I break things, I give them to my dad to fix. I cannot do that. So I just whacked it off the bedside cabinet and got it going again! Its not really a joke, that one. Its just a tip for the ladies. I told you I live on my own. My boyfriend also lives on his own. Some people think thats quite odd that weve been together a few years and we dont live together. We feel like weve got the best of both worlds, because we have a few days a week together and a few days a week apart. And its sort of ideal. There was a time that he moved in with me for three months because he was between flats and it made sense. And I was fine with it because there was an end date. Im a bit stuck in my ways. I love you, but bye! And while he was at mine for those three months I worked away for a week, and when I came back some things had changed in my flat. And I said, Er, love, erm… er… one of the towels smells of bums. You got any idea what that might be? Without even thinking, he just went, That will be my bum towel. So when he did eventually move out, as a housewarming present I brought him a small, brown hand towel. Its good because its brown. He doesnt have to wash it. He can just crack it and use it again. But his mam came round to his flat… His mams lovely. She came round to his flat and she said, Got you a new duvet set. He said, I dont need a new duvet set. She said, You have one you just wash and put back on. This way youll have a change. He said, Thats lovely, thank you very much. So, she put it on and it was lovely. It was all patterned, sort of matching. It was really nice. It was a little bit flowery for him, just a little bit flowery for him. And he went to have a look and he didnt want to hurt her feelings. He came back out and he went, Shes made my bed gay. I said, No, love, just cos it hasnt got spunk and dinner on it doesnt make it gay. Clean, thats the word youre looking for. Its clean. And his mam had overheard and she came in and she said, Its not a gay bed. If it was a gay bed, thered be shackles. What DVDs has she been fucking watching? (Sighs) But he is a lovely man. Hes lovely. We were in bed the other day and he got quite animated. And, er… And he shouted out Feel how hard that is! And I thought, You bugger, its Tuesday, we didnt have this booked in. Turns out he was talking about the skin on his feet. I thought about taking him to one of those places that are popping up all over, where its got a tank with a fish in and you put your feet in, and the fish nibble at the hard skin. I thought about taking him to one. I cannot do that. The poor little fish. Theyll think hes got fucking shoes on. Im just gonna take him to a blacksmith instead. But hes the nicest person Ive ever met. Hes a genuinely good man. And in January this year, I said to him, I think its about time we started talking about the future. And thats what I expected from him, like an awkward silence. Maybe some footsteps as he walked the fuck out of my life. But he didnt. He just smiled. Just really like a beaming grin. And I was really touched and I thought, Oh, my God! He wants to spend his future with me. Yay! And I said, Are you sure youre all right talking about the future? And he went, What? Like flying cars and that? But Ive never cheated on a boyfriend and I never would. But I think Ive found the acceptable face of adultery. I was sitting on a train, on the aisle seat, and a blind man got on. And he was using the tops of the chairs as sort of leverage to get along the carriage. And at one point the train wobbled and he lost his balance. And he put one hand firmly on my boob. And I let him. I even crossed over for when he came back from the loo! But weve started sort of spicing things up in the bedroom. Theres different ways you can do this, as Im sure you know. The first way is you can have a shower. Nice couple here at the front. Have you ever had a shower together? Oh! He thinks he might and she doesnt. Because the first thing I said to my fella, I said, You know what? He was going in the shower and I said, Maybe youd like some company? And he said, Just give us five minutes till Ive washed my arse. But whenever we have a shower, it always starts off really well, and then halfway through I realise, This is just cleaning now, isnt it? Theres nothing sexy going on any more. Its when he says the words Arms up. But he is very thorough. Other things you can do… You can get dressed up. Got a nice couple in the middle. Fella, have you ever dressed up, like in an outfit? No, you havent. How old are you guys? Im 38. Thirty-eight. See I asked a couple much older than you guys, so late sixties, early seventies. And you can always tell when a couple have been together too long. They had that sort of empty, sad, hollow expression. And the way you can tell is when you ask them how long theyve been together, and before they do a number, they always do a little horse impression. So, you go, How long have you two been together? And they go… (Exhales) 30 years, 40 years. Fuck knows. So I asked the old man, Have you ever dressed up in an outfit or a uniform for sex? And he went No. I looked at his good lady and I said, Is there anything youd like him to wear in bed? And she went A shroud. But I also asked a young lad, much younger than you, sort of 16 or 17… I shouldnt have been talking to a 16-year-old boy about sex. But I just thought it would give us something to rub my button to later on. (Audience groans) Does everybody… People know what that is, dont they? People have different names for it. My friend said, Whats rubbing your button? And I had to do a little action. And she said, Ah, you mean checking your lettuce. Dont know what that is. But this young lad, 16-year-old, of course hed never dressed up for sex. Just having sex is excellent. But I asked him if he got dressed up, what would he dress up as? And he went, Fireman. Fireman… Ooh, ooh, Spider-Man! Spider-Man! Were not talking about sex any more, its just pyjamas. I was gonna say that Ive dressed up, but I havent really. Its slightly different. I was once on top and he tried to put a sock on one of my boobs. Its not the same thing, is it? No girl ever wants to hear that her boobs are lovely and long. And it stayed on as well. And I wasnt sure whether to be pleased or not. Other things you can do. You can use food. Lets get… What about… Fella on the end, what kind of food you think you could use in sex? – Ice cream. – Ice cream is a good answer. What about nice fella in the nice shirt, what kind of food you think? – Chocolate. – Chocolate! Did somebody shout cucumber? Ice cream and chocolate. And what about nice fella here? What kind of food you think to use in sex? (Man) Absolutely no idea. Absolutely no idea. Oh, look at his wifes face. To be honest, she looks quite happy, like they havent even needed that. We havent got to that stage that youre at with your boyfriend of five years. Fuck off! I like asking fellas, cos fellas come out with a variety of interesting answers. No offence to the ladies, but ladies always say chocolate. Chocolate sauce… Fucking hell! Put a Twix up there, whatever. As long as I can have a chocolate bag afterwards. I asked a man recently what kind of food he had used in sex. And he said noodles. Ive had a bloke say chips and a bloke say curry. I think men are picking things theyre probably gonna have for their tea anyway. Just using their partners as plates. But I asked an old man, an old man in his eighties. I said, What food do you think would be good to use? He said ice cream. And ice creams a good sort of classic answer. But it wasnt so much the answer he gave as the noise he made while he was thinking. Because he went like this… What was he thinking while he did that noise? What goes well with vagina? Ice cream! My favourite answer was a guy who just said cream. But he went like that… Like squirty. I thought, Well, obviously, youre not just gonna spoon it at her, hope she catches it in all the right places. Then he went like this, he went, Pack her full. Oh! Im so glad that youre as horrified as I was! Pack her full. To be fair, he was a plasterer. Just smooth that over. Not getting any more bother from that crack. But the last thing you can do is dirty talk. We thought wed give it a go. Weve never done it to previous partners. We thought wed give it a go. And I said, Well, Ill start off. Because Im, you know, an independent woman. I didnt do that. Thatd be a really weird way of starting off, wouldnt it? Im ready. I didnt know what youre supposed to say and I just sort of went, Ooh, er… (Sighs) Erm… Ive been a bad girl! Im sorry about that. And he just went, Apology accepted. But recently, Ive had a bit more practice and he went, Youve been such a bad girl… (Giggles) ..that I think Im going to have to punch you. (Scattered applause) Hes gone too far there. Hasnt he? But I misheard him. He hadnt said punched, he said punish. Which is apparently entirely acceptable in terms of sexy lingo. But he hadnt thought it through, cos I said, What kind of punishment did you have in mind? He said, Do the dishes! But were clearly not married. Give us a cheer if you are married. (Cheering) And if youre not… (Louder cheering) More energy again. Have we got any divorcées in? – (Cheering) – Yeah! Fucking… The happiest of all. Been there, done that. Fucked it off. Now, Im divorced. And when I got divorced, it came as quite a surprise to me. Erm… Surprise is probably the wrong word, isnt it? Shocks probably a better word. Surprise just sounds like you burst out of a big cake. It wouldve been better had he done that, cos at least there would have been fucking cake. For a while after getting divorced, I found I wasnt invited to quite as many weddings. I think people thought I was going to walk in like the bitter divorcée and go, Uh-huh. You enjoy your fucking day. See how long this bastard lasts. Ive recently been invited to more weddings. I went to one a few months ago and instead of having a wedding cake, they had a spiral cake stand that had cupcakes all the way around and a massive cupcake on the top that I sort of had my eye on. But I suspected maybe one of the wedding party had claimed that as well. The groom came over to me and said, Thanks for the recommendation. Cos I had recommended the cupcake shop. Thats a scary day, when youve just recommended a cupcake shop and you dont even live in that fucking town. He said, Thanks for the recommendation. I know you want the cake. The bands gonna come on in a minute, do two sections. In their break, thats when were gonna do cake stuff. So pretty much every time the band looked like theyd come to the end of a song, I just stood up. When I was eventually right, I went over to the cake stand, I picked a cake, my boyfriend did the same. My friend, my friends wife. Four of us picked our cakes, went back to our seats, smug as fuck that wed missed the queue. Mmm, mmm, mmm. Glanced across expecting to see a long line of people. The only people that were there were the bride and groom having their photos taken at the cake stand. The groom came over later on, I said, Im really sorry, but I think we mightve jumped the gun on the cakes. And he said, Dont worry, when I put the photos up on Facebook, Im gonna tag every gap with your fucking name. Me and my fella try and be romantic to each other whenever we feel like it. Sometimes we celebrate Valentines Day, sometimes we dont. We didnt this year, we did last year. Last year, a few days before Valentines Day, he said to me, I could do with some suggestions, sort of on the present front. I said, Thats fine. Because I know some women like a surprise, but Im happy to know what it is, cos Im really busy and I dont have time to take the bugger back. So I said to him, Theres a shop called Accessorize that I love. You could pretty much get anything in there and youd be on safe ground. I described the kind of thing that I like, its relatively inexpensive costume jewellery. This sort of thing, sort of beads and little flowery earrings. Sort of quite plasticky, quite girlie. You know, quite cheap. Nothing that looks like actual jewellery. And he said, Fine. Logged. I do love him, but thats what hes like. Logged. And off he went. And I want to show you what he bought us. Bearing in mind, the last thing I said was, Nothing that looks like actual jewellery. First thing he bought us was nine pairs of identical diamanté earrings. Just in case I was thinking, Thats not enough diamanté earrings for a girl who has got her ears pierced just the once, another three pairs of almost identical diamanté earrings. The ladies might well have noticed, especially near the front, that theyre not from Accessorize, theyre from Claires Accessories. So I said to him, Theyre lovely, thank you. But you didnt… So you didnt make it to Accessorize, then? He said, I went to the girl shop. I said, Yes, its a 12-year-old-girl shop. I reminded him that thats where we got presents for his nieces, who are 11 and 12. And he went, Yeah, cos theyre girls. His logic was brilliant. I thought he must have walked in Claires Accessories and gone, She wants anything from in here. Im lucky that he didnt come home with a tiara with fucking kittens on it. He said, Theres something else in the bag. Oh, great! He said, I got you a couple of bangles. I said, Theyre earrings. He said, Theyre bangles. I said, Theyre earrings. Theyre like, Im off to McDonalds and I want to fit in. I said, Theyve got a hinge, so that you can get them in your ears. He said, Thats so that you can get them on your wrists. He thought of everything apart from anything I told him. I said, I hope that when you got to the till you didnt say they were for your girlfriend. Cos if you did, you might well be on some kind of fucking register now. What Ive decided to do to help me relax is just to find things that make me happy. Because I think generally whatever makes you happy makes you relaxed. And I thought at 35 I knew everything that I liked. But in the last 12 months, I found two new things that I didnt know I liked. The first one was courtesy of a nice lady on Facebook who said, I understand that you like chocolate, but I dont know if you know this fact, that if you have a square of Dairy Milk and a square of Galaxy at the same time, its so good that it makes you do sex noises. I mean like good ones, I dont mean like, Ow! Ow! Get it out, get it out! I can tell some of you are now working out your route home via a newsagents. Ah! This show should be sponsored cos Im telling you to go and buy chocolate. The show is not sponsored, but if a future show is called Dairy Millican… then maybe things have changed. The other thing I didnt know I liked. I told you I dont have kids. A friend of mine had a baby in August last year. I thought Id buy a present for the bairn, because thats what you do. I went into Marks, went into the baby section. Had a wander round. Realised that while I dont like children, I really love tiny clothes. Picked up a couple of baby clothes for the actual child and then saw the smallest jeans Ive ever seen. So I bought them. And I didnt give them to my friend. I brought them with us to show you. (Audience exclaiming) They do look a little bit like aspirational jeans, dont they? Someday, Im gonna get in those fuckers. I dont know what to do with them. Theyve been in a bag since August last year. Cant put them in cupboard because I dont have a cupboard for childrens clothes. I cant bin them. Imagine finding a black bag with just those in. I might have to kill a child to avoid looking weird. Well, I started thinking of different ways to justify keeping them like… what if a baby visitor got caught in the rain? That has slightly sinister qualities as well, though, doesnt it? Well, lets get you out of those wet things. So I googled people who like tiny clothes thinking there must be more than me. Theres probably a website, maybe a support group where me and my tiny jeans could fit in. Nothing. The only name that kept coming up over and over again was Cheryl Cole. Because she fucking wears them. So, if Cheryl Cole ever comes round to my house and shits herself… And if when she shits herself, she accidentally gets a little bit on her shoes… These are only like a month old. A different friend of mine had a baby a month ago. I said to my boyfriend, Im gonna get a present for the bairn. And he knows me so well that he said, While youre there, why dont you treat yourself? Yes! So, I picked up a little cardy and a little pair of jeans for the actual child, and then I saw those and I thought, Im fucking having them. Im aware that its weird. Dont worry about me, Im fine. But I didnt want it to look weird to the lady on the till, so I made sure theyre all the same age group. And all sort of matched colour-wise and I put them on the counter. She said, These are lovely. I said, Theyre for my friend. She just had a baby. She said, If thats the case, would you like some gift receipts? And I said, Just for the cardy and the jeans cos Im going to keep the plimsolls for me. Oh, shit! My friend said, Are you gonna get a denim jacket to go with them? I said, Im not trying to build a tiny Bryan Adams. Im so grateful for you all to come tonight. Thank you very much for coming. Im going to leave you on a story. Me and my fella dont really get nights off together very often. So when we do, we try to make the most of it. And went out… We call them a date night. Went out on a date night recently. Had a curry, lovely curry. Got in, put a DVD on. Everything going really well. Halfway through the film, started getting a little bit amorous, little bit frisky, which I suppose is one of the points of the date night. Seemingly, wed forgotten that two hours before that, wed had a curry. – Nevertheless, he went downstairs. – (Man) Ugh. Dont mean for a glass of water. I already told you I live in a flat. Fucking work it out. The only reason hed go downstairs is to do the bins. And that should never be a euphemism for that. Do you fancy, er… Do you fancy doing the bins later on? It doesnt work, does it? No. So he went… (Indistinctly) ..downstairs. Do you know why I do it like that, in that little stupid voice? (Indistinctly) Downstairs. Thats not how I ask him for it, by the way. (Indistinctly) Downstairs, will you go downstairs later on? (Indistinctly) Will you do the bins? So, he was… (Indistinctly) ..downstairs. And theres no nice way of saying this to you lovely people, but I could feel a fart brewing. (Audience groans) Nobody knows what to do, do they? Theres no plan of action for this. So what I did, and I dont really know why I did this, certainly dont know why Im telling you lot. Similar to in the film Rain Man, I started going, Uh-oh. Uh-oh. Uh-oh. And he carried on, cos, as he told me afterwards, he thought I was doing an impression of Beyoncé. (Scattered applause) Weve clearly not got the hang of the whole seduction thing. I think thats fairly evident from what Ive told you so far, isnt it? I walked in on him the other day and he was lying on the bed just in his pants. You know how men think thats attractive. And he had one bollock hanging out. And I thought, Im gonna have to pull him on it. No! Er… Question him on it, not pull him on it. (Imitates horn honking) If only they made that noise! If they made that noise, Id never leave the little buggers alone. (Imitating horn honking) I said, Do you know that youve got a bollock hanging out? He said, Yes, I do. I put it out especially for you. You lot have been such a joy. Thank you so much for coming out tonight. Ive been Sarah Millican. Thank you very much, good night! (Cheering, whooping) (Whistles) (Whooping) Hello. (Laughs) Thank you very much. Ill tell you a little thing and then Ill let you go home. Ive started doing this thing. Maybe some of you do this. Ive started listening to peoples conversations on the bus and train. And I was listening recently to two old ladies. They were talking about what they would do if they were men for a day. I thought, This is gonna be good, because these old ladies have got this wealth of experience. These answers are gonna be quite insightful. I was out for lunch with my friends and I asked them the same question. I said to my first friend, What would you do if you were a man for a day? Without even thinking, she just went, Id have a wank! It sounds like you need to. You sound a bit tense, pet. Second friend, What would you do? She said, Id do everything. And I thought she meant like in a sexual way, like shed fuck everything. I said, Is that what you mean, youd do everything? And she went, No, no, just all the little jobs around the house. But these old ladies, different generation to me and my friends. In their eighties they were, and one of them just said, Edith, what would you do if you were a man for a day? The other one said, Knowing my luck, Id get a Tuesday. And what can you do on a Tuesday? And my third friend, and I will leave you with this, my third friend took ages to answer. I said, Come on, give us an answer. And she said, OK. The first thing I would do is go and find my ex-boyfriend, and thwack my hard penis across his face! And see how he likes it first thing in the morning! Youve been lovely. Thank you very much! Good night! (Audience whooping)

LOUIS C.K.@LIVE AT THE BEACON THEATRE@2011@[indistinct chatter] — Louis! — Louis! [indistinct chatter] [cheering] Alright, lets get started. Go ahead, sit down. Okay, yes, sit down, were just starting. Theres no opening act. Fuck it. Just, lets start. Lets just start. Get your seats. Get your beers and everybody go ahead, sit down. Kill the house lights. Lets just start. Lets just start a show. Theres no point in screwing around. Ill do all the announcements that you would have heard. Please turn off your cell phones. You can take pictures but turn off the flash. Thats stupid, because its not– You know when youre watching the World Series and theres all that– Like your flash is lighting Yankee Stadium. Just leave your flash off. Dont yell out during the show. If you have something you want to say to me… This is what we do. We write it down and then you go outside in the lobby and then you go home and you kill yourself because, thats selfish. This is a rhetorical performance. Its got nothing to do with you. Dont text or twitter during the show. Just live your life. Dont keep telling people what youre doing. Just, because also– also– it lights up your big dumb face. It lights it up. I see this beautiful see of darkness and then just one guy. So, dont do that. What else? No Jews, I think they said that earlier. They told me I have to say it. Jews arent allowed. If youre Jewish this is a good time to go. If you see somebody kind of Jewey looking then please tell an usher and they will– Sir, come on. Lets go. Come on. Yes, lets go. But, Im really glad youre here. This is a sizeable crowd. This is a big place. Theres about 2500 people here, and thats– Thats a lot of people. Thats enough people to be a sample of the population. 2500 people is enough people that youre all going to experience– Theres enough people here to say that within two months at least one of you will die. Im just saying. I think its probably accurate to say that out of any random group of 2500 people not all of you are gonna make it to Christmas, unfortunately. Theres gonna be– At least one of you here tonight is going to ruin your familys Christmas by dying a shitty death. And I dont know who it is, Im sorry. I dont know, your death is whatever– Some people, they want you to do things when they die with their– I want you to take my ashes and sprinkle– Fuck you, Im not doing none of that shit. Youre dead. Im not going to run errands for you after youre dead. You dont matter anymore. Some people try to do something noble with their bodies. They try to have their bodies have some use after theyre dead, which I think is a good thought. Youre only borrowing your body. Youre only borrowing everything. If youre bodys worth anything when youre done with it you should pass it on. Thats something I really believe. I mean, Im not going to do it, because I dont want–eew–its mine. I dont want– I have a lot of beliefs and I live by none of them. Thats just the way I am. Theyre just my beliefs. I just like believing them. I like that part. Theyre my little believies. They make me feel good about who I am. But if they get in the way of a thing I want or I want to jack off or something, I fucking do that. But– But some people take their– my grandma, uh, grandmother She–just, uh, for the layman– My grandmother, she gave her body to a medical school for it just to be examined and dissected, which is a good thought for that. But you know her survivors are–her family— That was a person. That was my grandmother. She used to wear glasses and say things. And now shes just shaved head on a metal table with a hungover medical student trying to dig our her pancreas. And he gets an F. Imagine being the body where the kid got an F on you. The teachers like, No, you idiot. And he writes F on her tit with a Sharpie and just throws her down a shoot on a pile of F bodies. So, I dont care about her. [shout from audience] Louis! Shut up, idiot. Just shut your fucking mouth. Didnt you hear me before? Okay, so what am I going to do with my body. Im going to die and I have to tell people what to do with my remains. I have an idea for something to do with my body or for other people to do with it, that will do good in the world. It doesnt exist yet as an institution but Im gonna create it, starting with my body. What it is, its a place where you can go and be with a dead body and you just do whatever you want. And– the point of this is that there are people out there who have sexual compulsions and they cant control them and so they go and they bother alive people. And with this you get it out of your system. This is the deal. You go in the room. Theres nobody else with you. Youve got 90 minutes. You just do whatever you want, whatever it is. Shit in my mouth. You want to– Stick my toe in your pussy. Piss on my face. Whatever is the thing you gotta do. Jack off with the cartilage of my ear. Whatever is your hearts desire. I want to be the Willy Wonka for perverts. [singing] You can come on my back and pretend that Im your father. [singing] I am dead, I dont mind. Sexual perversion is a problem. You cant stop it. People gotta do what they gotta do. This country is pretty perverted. We have to jack off to everything. Theres not sex and then everything. Sex is in everything. You watch the news and theres a woman telling you, And in Libya… Yeah tell me about Libya. Fucking tell me about Libya. Say, Libya again. Come on, fucking right up to the screen, on my flatscreen. Come on, say, Libya again. [grunting] It should just be a person, In Libya… or whatever. Why does it all have to be so sexualized? And music, every musician is attractive. Isnt that a weird coincidence that everyone who can play music also looks good? I would have thought thered be one ugly guy with a guitar who would be amazing. But, fucking zero. And theres teen pop idols who are children. And theyre on TV going– Its a kid and folks are jacking off to them. Folks. Just Folks are jacking off. [singing] Well, folks are jacking off to the girls on TV. Some of them are really young. I dont know their names. I dont have that knowledge anymore. Im too old. When I think of a teen idol, theres Britney Spears. Because shes my age now. Thats how long ago that was. She caught up to me. When I was 35, she was 18. And now were both 44 years old. So thats how little I know about who these people are. I was thinking the other day, what if there was a baby who was born and theres been a lot of fucked up babies, all kinds of babies born. Theres been babies connected at the face, to a dog or whatever, babies with three legs, with hands on them. Theres been Chinese babies. Thats– Okay, thats– Thats the worst thing I ever said. I think I just finally said the worst thing I have ever said. That was totally unredeeming and horrible. And it feels good. It feels good to have found bottom. Theres a comfort in knowing that I just said the worst thing Ill ever say in the rest of my life. [exhaling] Its good. All right. Yeah, Im not a good guy. I am not. I wish I was a good guy. I like the idea of being a good guy. Sometimes I have the opportunity to be a good guy and then I dont necessarily do it. I was on a plane once and I was flying first class, because I had a thing. I first class. Who cares? Just– Thats the way it is. I dont– Im not like you. Im not. Im not. All the things you do, I do a better version of all those things. And– Its only for another year at the most, believe me. Its not gonna last. Its been about eight months. Ive got a year left and then Im back to being just like you. But for now, its pretty good. Im in a first class seat and first class is so crazily better. Its so much better. You get a bigger seat. You get food. But also, you get to sit first. You get to sit before anybody else does. They sit you down and you get to just sit there with champagne and watch all the sweaty, miserable, all the single moms hefting their stroller and the kid. That looks heavy and nobodys helping you. Thats a drag. And you get to just– Anyway, so Im on the plane. Im in first class and this soldier gets on the plane. I see soldiers fly all the time because thats how they get to the war. They fly on a shitty airline. You think they get to go on a cool green plane with a red light. Go! Go! Go! No, they just go to Delta. And they just wait in line to go to a war. And they always fly coach. Ive never seen a soldier in first class in my life. It could be a full bird colonel, hes between two fat guys in coach. And theyre always nice. Ive never seen a soldier get on a plane– Hey, Im in the Army. Fuck you. I have a gun. Theyre always, Oh, yes sir. Thank you very much maam. Its like having an extra flight attendant. They help everybody put their shit up. Theyre awesome. And every time that I see a soldier on a plane, I always think, You know what, I should give him my seat. It would be the right thing to do. It would be easy to do and it would mean a lot to him. I could go up to him, Hey, Son. I get to call him, Son. Hey, son, go ahead and take my seat. Because Im in first class, why, for being a professional asshole. Im in first class because I talk about babies with big dicks. Thats what got me my seat. This guy is giving his life for the country, he thinks, and so he has to sit– But thats good enough. Thats good enough, the fact that he thinks it. Im serious. Hes fucking told by everybody in his life system that thats a great thing to do and hes doing it. And its scary but hes doing it. And hes sitting in this shitty seat and I should trade with him. I never have. Let me make that clear. Ive never done it once. Ive had so many opportunities. I never even really, seriously came close. And heres the worst part. I still just enjoy the fantasy for myself to enjoy. I was actually proud of myself for having thought of it. I was proud. Ah, I am such a sweet man. That is so nice of me to think of that and then totally never do it. At least you should be good just to the people– Just turn a good face to the people that you see in life. I dont do that either because when I get in the elevator in my building– Thats my first contact with human beings after being home and just being disgusting for hours. Then I come out of the elevator and theres always a guy on the elevator whos nice. And I hate it. I get really upset when people say nice things to me. Thats not a good impulse. I get in the elevator and theres always this one guy who just– He sticks his face right in the front of his fucking head. Hi! He just floats it out there like a big balloon. Hey, hows it going? I get upset. I get cagey. I get this weird impulse that I want to come on his face. I dont know why thats the thing, but thats what I think about. I wish I could just secrete come without the sexual workup, like as a defense, like a squid or a skunk. Not sexually. I mean aggressively. Hi! [spurt] Jesus, man. You just came in my eye. I just want to go downstairs. I dont want to talk. Alright, this is going a little off the rails. I dont remember what I was trying to say. Id like to be a better person. I would. Id like to be a better person. And I think Im getting worse as a person. Because as you get older you start finding out– Let me give you an example. I rented a car a couple weeks ago, in Los Angeles I had the car for a few days and then when I went home I had to drop the car at the rental place. You gotta go to the rental place thats off the airport, give them the car, give them your thing with the mileage. You gotta get on a bus and then go to your terminal and check in. I was late and I was worried about missing my flight. So I knew I had no time to do any of that. So I just –I never did this before– I just drove my car right to the terminal and just left it there. Then I got on the plane. Once I got on the plane and had a moment I called Hertz and I said, Hey, listen, your car is sitting out in front of terminal four and the keys are in it. So, thats where it is. And the guys like, You cant do that. You have to return it to the location and then get– Well, I didnt do that already, and now Im leaving California. So if you want your car you need to go to that place where it is. And he was like, Awww, Jesus man. Well, alright. Well get it. And he– That was the end of it. And I realized I could do this every time, every time I rented a car. Because of course they want you to do all that shit. But if you dont they still want the car back. Theyre going to send a dude. You could drive a car until you dont want it. Just get out of it while its moving and just walk away. No, I dont feel like being in that car any longer. Just call Hertz. Hi, your car is drifting into the intersection of 28th and Broadway, if youre interested. Its now your problem. But see, this is a terrible realization because you should act in a way that if everybody acted that way things would work out. You should, because it would be mayhem if everybody was like that. And most people kind of dont care. Most people are very selfish. Most people dont give a shit what happens as long as they get to do their favorite thing. People dont even want to back off from their favorite thing. They wont even do their second favorite thing. You ever seen somebody in trouble, like theyre at an intersection and they want to make a left, but theyre in the right– the all the way right lane because they messed up. So, heres the guy. Hes in the right lane. And theres a lot cars, like 6th avenue. A lot of cars. And he wants to make that left. So what does he do? He just does it anyway. He just goes at it. He just shoves his car through everybodys life without any– And everybodys honking and outraged and you always see they guy go, I have to. I have to. Theres no other possible thing I could do. What else could I do, except go up one more block and then go left and take four seconds. Thats not my favorite way, though! That only meets 99% of my criteria. But Im selfish. I would like to be a better person, because I have kids. And I want to pass on a better– Sometimes its not clear what the right thing is to do. One time I threw a candy wrapper on the street. I didnt do it like, Yeah! I just– Yeah, take that shit, street. I did it because I was shaking. I wanted the candy. Anyway, I was with a friend who said to me, You just littered on the street. Dont you care about the environment? And I thought about it and I said, You know what, this isnt The Environment. This is New York City. This is not The Environment. This is where people live. New York City is not the environment. New York City is a giant piece of litter. Its the giantest, next to Mexico City, the shittiest piece of litter in the world. Just a pussy, runny, smoking, stinking piece of litter. So if you have a piece of litter, what are you supposed to do with it? You should throw it on the pile of litter. Because if you dont, if you put it in a receptacle then it gets collected and it gets taken to a dump and a landfill and then it goes on a boat. And it goes out and gets dumped in the ocean and some dolphin wears it as a hat on its face for ten years, this hat that never dissolves, on its face. Ugh. Jesus. [dolphin clicking] Everything that we introduce to the world is shitty… …meaning white people. Because– I really think that white people are from another planet because when we came to America, it was so nice. It was just Indians. And they werent even Indians. We called them that by accident. And we still call them that. We knew in a month that it wasnt Indians but we just dont give a shit. We never correct it. We came here. Theyre like, Hi. And were like, Hey, youre Indians, right? And theyre like, No. No, this is India, right? No, its not. Its a totally other place. Youre not Indians? No. Ahh, youre Indians. Youre Indians for hundreds of years after. We ruined everything here. This was the great– It was just coast-to-coast green, brown and beautiful. And all the humans were just walking around with painted faces, just walking. And theyd be like, Oh, that looks yummy. And theyd just eat from the ground. And then theyd sleep on the grass. And theyd wake up and theyd fuck. And then theyd go for a swim and do a little dance. That was the whole continent, just folks doing that. I mean there was people in Mexico cutting off kids heads and rolling them down the pyramid stairs. But thats– I mean… Thats always going on. You know– You cant do a whole lot about that. But I think we came from another planet and the reason is we dont like it here. Why, if were from here, if we belong on Earth, why arent we comfortable on Earth, at all? We need nice smooth surfaces and right angles and we need it to be cool and not too hot, just a little dit-dit just perfect. Why wouldnt, when its hot, why wouldnt we just– Yeah, fuck it. Why wouldnt we be like that if we belonged here? And its weird because people that are– You know, theres environmentalists and theres people who just hate environmentalists. People get angry at environmentalists because they think theyre slowing down the economy and creating restrictions and a lot of these people are Christian. A lot of these people are very devout Christians and thats such a confusing thing to me, that if you believe that God gave you the Earth, that God created Earth for you, why would you not have to look after it? Why the fuck– Why would you not think that when he came back he wouldnt go, What the fuck did you do? I gave this to you, motherfucker. Are you crazy? The polar bears are brown. What did you do to the polar bears? Did you shit all over every polar bear? What did you–who did this? Who spilled this shit? Who spilled this? Come over here. Did you fucking spill this? What is that? Its oil. Its just some oil. I didnt mean to spill– Well why did you take it out of the fucking ground? Because I wanted to go faster. Im not fast enough. And I was cold. What the fuck do you mean, cold? I gave you everything you needed, you piece of shit. Well, because jobs, and I wanted– What is a job? Explain to me, whats a fucking job? Well, like you work at a place and people call when their game doesnt work and you help them figure it out. What do you do that for? For money. What do you need money for? Food. Just eat the shit on the floor. I left shit all over the floor. Fucking corn and wheat and shit. Grind it up, make some bread. What are you doing? Yeah, but it doesnt have, like, bacon around it. And like– I like when it has bacon on it. I watched somebody do that the other day after a meal they went, Oh, it was just– And I started wondering, what does that mean? What does that signify? I think what it means is that you ate something so delicious that you then kissed somebody on the asshole and their asshole exploded. Thats some good eating. Thats a nice sauce. Is that good? Yeah, let me show you. Shit. Let me have some of that. That just destroyed my anus. Anyway, I got kids and thats sort of what Im trying to say. Its hard having kids because its boring. That really is the hardest part of having kids. Ask any parent, Whats the hard part? Is it looking after their health care? Is it making sure that their education– No, its being with them on the floor while they be children. Its just– They read Clifford the Big Red Dog to you at a rate of 50 minutes a page. And you have to sit there and be horribly proud and bored at the same time. I hate Clifford the Big Red Dog. I hate him. Theres 50 books about Clifford the Big Red Dog. Fifty books. Theres seven books about Narnia that cover the birth and death of a nation and mice with swords and a lion whos a god. They did it in seven books. Fifty books about Clifford the Big Red Dog, and they all tell the exact same story. Look how big this dog is. Thats it. Look how big this dog is. Thats the whole book. Heres how big he was at the firehouse. Heres how big he was at Thanksgiving. Who gives a shit? You just drew him big. You just, on purpose, made him bigger than people. It should be, Look how big I drew the dog in this book. Isnt that a mistake? Theres no story. You maybe even just drew him closer to the page. I dont even know if you did it honestly. Tell a story about Clifford. Make something happen, where maybe he steps on a policeman and shatters his spine and its devastating to the community. He hangs on for two months and then dies. And theres a whole, you know, funeral with bagpipes and everybodys crying. And Clifford gets the death penalty. Theres a whole book about his appeal process and how he found Jesus but everybody said it was bullshit. The cops wife was like, I want that dog dead! And then he goes to the chair and they shave all his red fur off and now hes Clifford the Big Pink Dog. Put him on a big funny electric chair that the town got together and built. Its boring having kids. You gotta play kid games. You gotta play board games, little kid board games where you– And then you go dit-dit-dit You got a six, honey. One. Two. Three. Its just here. Just go here. Its just– Daddy, Im learning. I know. Youre going to grow up stupid because Im bored. I cant take it, baby. I cant. I cant watch it. Im bored more than I love you. I cant. I just– Come on. My girls are six and nine now. Theyre actually a really exciting age because theyre learning to do some cool stuff. I played Monopoly with my kids. Thats really fun. My nine year old, she can totally do Monopoly. The six year old actually totally gets how the game works but shes not emotionally developed enough to handle her inevitable loss in every game of Monopoly. Because, a Monopoly loss is dark. Its heavy. Its not like when you lose at Candyland. Oh, you got stuck in the fudgey thing, baby. Oh, well. Youre in the gummy twirly-ohs and you didnt get to win. But when she loses at Monopoly I gotta look at her little face and go, Okay, sweetie, heres whats gonna happen now, okay? All your property, everything you have, all your railroads, your houses, all your money, thats mine now. Gotta give it all to me. No, give it to me. Thats right. No, no you cant play anymore, see, because even though youre giving me all of that it doesnt even touch how much you owe me. It doesnt even touch it, baby. Youre going down hard. Its really bad. All youve been working for all day, Im going to take it now and Im going to use it to destroy your sister. I mean, Im going to ruin her. Its just mayhem on this board for her now. When you have kids you also have to belong to kid and parent culture. You have to know a lot of parents and a lot of other kids. You have to hang out with other kids. Sometimes theyre not even kids you know. When I go to parks with my kids, I play with them. I play with my kids. Some people dont do that. They just take their kids to the park so they dont have to talk to them, and those kids kind of glom on to our shit. Ill be sitting at the park playing a fun game with my kids and theres this woman on a bench. Shes got her phone and shes just staring at her phone. And her kids like, Mommy, talk to me. Leave me alone. Im trying to cheat on your father! Stop it! And then the kid comes up to us, Can I be in your family? Its creepy. One time I was at a swimming pool with my kids, a public pool. I had my daughter, my six year old, on my arm like this. She was like clamped on, and shes kicking. It was so much fun. And then she got off and another random child just clamped on. Its like a rat. Get off of me. But I love you. I dont know you, kid. Stop. I think that kids dead. I dont know what happened. Some kids in my kids class, I like some of those kids. Some of those kids are cool. They come over to my house and they play with my–I like them. Other kids I dont like, especially the little boys. Little boys in my kids class, I hate them. I hate little boys. Im like the opposite of a pedophile. I just hate– Theres one kid in my daughters class who I hate so much, and its really fucked up because Im 44 and I hate a six year old. I mean, I hate him with a grown-up, pre-occupying hate. Ive thought about him three times since I came out here. Thats how much I really hate this kid. Im going to tell you about him and I have to make up a name because hes a real child who lives in this city, so I have to make up a name in order to tell this story about him. His name is just, Jezanthepuss. Lets just call him Jezanthepuss. Jezanthepuss. Fine. Okay. Hes in my daughters class. Theyre in first grade. When we take our kids to class, theres a little procedure. You bring your kid to school and they have their backpack and their jacket and they go to their cubby and take it all off and they put it in the cubby. Then they take their homework folder and their lunchbox and put them in the bins. Those are their little responsibilities. You help them do it so theyll, blah blah blah. But, Jezanthepuss– When he comes in he doesnt do none of that shit. He just walks in and just sheds it all. And his mom, his weak, piece of shit mom picks it all up. I hate his mother because you hate a weak parent, when youre a parent. Because its like youre raising Hitler, motherfucker. Do your job! Get in there. If our parent group and our class were a platoon of soldiers, shed be the one that wed put soap bars in socks and– Wed frag that bitch in her sleep. She would wash right the fuck out. She wouldnt make it. When Jezanthepuss drops his shit, this bitch picks it up. She just goes, He just… Ill get… Ill get it… And then Ill put it in the bins for him. And she puts it all away for him, which frees him up to punch other kids in the face because hes a shitty, horrible, violent child. One time I was at school, and I was volunteering at recess. Its something you do, you know, if youre a good parent, about once a month or whatever it is. You go to school and you just stand there and you watch recess. You masturbate, whatever you want to do. That is now the worst thing. Thats the worst thing. Now thats the worst thing I ever said. Okay. Alright. Well find it. I mean you could. Its a public school nobody would even give a shit. But, I havent thus far. It hasnt gotten that bad. Anyway, Im watching recess and recess is a trip. If youve never been to recess, its intense because its like the universe. You know if you watch the ocean crash, waves on the beach for a long time, you start feeling like youre understanding how everything works. Thats what recess is like, because every natural, chaotic energy is represented at recess. Theres kids swirling around in these big roiling crazy things. Theres one kid just spazzing out just to some singularity kid. Its a binary system of two kids holding hands and theyre running and just clotheslining every child of a certain height. Theyre keeping a uniform height to the playground. So Im watching recess and I see Jezanthepuss. And hes walking with this evil– This kid is like evil stuck out of time. Hes like– I always picture him in a gray fur coat with bones in it, and lots of rings from people that he killed, and just walking. And then I see my daughter and shes standing there, just by herself. And theres Jezanthepuss and I know hes going for her. It was like an action movie thriller thing. And I think to myself, I gotta go there and I gotta protect her. But then I thought, let him do a little something first. Let him do just a little something, because I want this kid in my life. I want a reason. I want aerial photos of him doing some shit to my family that I can bring to the U.N. and get authority to waterboard this little motherfucker. I want to– I want to get him on a flight to Venezuela with an envelope on his head and duct tape and all that shit. So, anyway, he goes for her, grabs her arm, starts twisting it. She goes, Ahhh! I run over. Im just knocking kids over. I run, grab him. I look in his little face and I go, Listen to me, Jezanthepuss. If you ever, ever, in your life, touch her again– And as Im doing this I realize this is not cool that doing this. This is totally inappropriate. Its really wrong. Its way over the top. Its too grown up. Its like hes a drug dealer in my building that I finally fucking– This ends now, motherfucker or I will cut you. I dont care. And hes– He starts crying pitifully. And I just, I really did this, I just walked away from him. I just got away. And then all the teachers– everybody gathers around. Jezanthepuss, whats wrong with you? And hes like– And he couldnt articulate it because hes not getting educated. Fuck him. I was there going, Yeah, you could have told on me bitch, but youre too stupid now, which is your own fault, you future ditchdigging piece of shit. Oh, Im going to love watching you grow up into nothing, motherfucker. Im gonna watch it. Im gonna fuck your mom and not call her too. Im gonna ruin her summer. Im gonna fuck your mom twice and then never call her. I dont know your dad because he ran out on you, but Im gonna find him. Im gonna turn myself gay and then Im going to fuck him too. Im gonna fuck– Im gonna suck his dick so good that he just has to change his whole life. And Im gonna move into a place with him in the village for a couple of months and totally– Hell cut off ties to all his life and start wearing cut-offs that are really tight. And hell just– And then Ill go to some Christian turn-you-not-gay place. And then Ill come back and go, Whats wrong with you faggot? Make him feel bad inside, like what has he done. But you gotta protect your kids, you know. You gotta. You gotta protect your kids. You gotta do it, man. A lot of people will talk the talk. A lot of people say that shit. I would throw myself under a bus for my– Oh, yeah, would you fuck another kids dad, and confuse him sexually, and yourself sexually in the process, and use homophobia that you hate, against another person, just because some kid shoved your kid for a second? Thats my baby girl. I gotta do it, son. I gotta suck that dick. Thats my baby girl. I gotta do it for her. Alright. Alright. Alright, I hate that child. Thats what Im trying to say. Ive been thinking about my memories because I have kids now. And my kids are at an age where I remember being their age. I remember being a six year old. I remember being a nine year old. And thats a big threshold that my kids have crossed, that I remember being their age. Because when youre raising kids, youre not raising the kid in front of you. Youre raising the grown up that theyre going to be later. And I was a kid once. When they were babies, I didnt really relate to them because theyre babies. A baby is not going to remember shit that is happening to it. If you have a baby, keep it alive and enjoy yourself. But really, the baby doesnt– Its not going to matter. A baby is not accumulating anything. Its like an Etch A Sketch that you shake every day. It doesnt really– It doesnt matter. You could go up to your babys face every day and say, Fuck you, baby. every day and it wouldnt matter. Hey, baby! You could do that every day and it wouldnt matter. I mean, theyll grow up with a general sadness inside. But they wont– They wont actually remember why. And memories are weird because memories get distorted by who you are now and who you were when you experienced them. I remember when I first started doing stand-up. I was living in Boston and there was one club that was owned by a gay guy. And my memory is that that guy was always trying to fuck me. Thats my memory. Ive carried it for 20 years. There was a gay guy who tried to fuck me all the time. And recently I caught up with an old friend of mine from those days, who I hadnt seen in years. And we started talking about different people and he brought him up. And I said, That guy always used to try to fuck me. And he goes, He did? And I was like, Yeah. And he goes, Really? Did he– I mean, did he like take you to his house or something and really try to physically… No, its just that, you know what I mean. He was trying to fuck me all the time. And he was like, Well did he say– Did he push you– and say stuff all the time and make you uncomfortable? No, it just was– And as we went through it, the truth came out. The whole story really was, there once was a gay man. Thats it. Thats really what happened. He was gay. I was 19. And now, He tried to fuck me all the time. I went through life with that. But Ive been trying to remember my first memory. How far do my memories go? And I remembered my first memory. I was four years old. I was standing in front of my parents house and I was shitting in my pants. I was just shitting a massive, terribly painful shit. And I was half way through the shit. Thats my first memory, being half way– The first half of the shit, I dont remember it. Thats still in the ether of infancy. The center of this shit was so wide that I actually came online as a result of the anal pain that I was experiencing. It actually awakened me –Yee-aahhh– into the stream of consciousness that Im now living. Thats how my life started. Thats who I am. A lot of my memories I dont like. I dont like– When I was a teen-ager I hated all that time. I hated being a teen-ager, and then I discovered drugs. And then thats all I gave a shit about. I dont know how Im gonna tell my kids. How the fuck do you compete with that. How do you take a miserable person with no control over their lives and tell them with a straight face, Uh, You cant do drugs. You cant do that, baby. All drugs are, are a perfect solution to every problem you have right now. How do you beat that? Drugs are so fucking good that theyll ruin your life. Thats how good they are. I cant do drugs now because Im 44 and I cant hook it up. I cant make that happen. If youre 44 and you want to get high, you gotta hurt your back. Thats pretty much the only option you have. Hurt your back, get some Percoset. And then get a babysitter and take three at a diner. Just, sad. Im a little drowsy, woooo! I never really could have– I wish I was a drunk. I love romantically the idea of being a real drunk, in my bathrobe all day. Everybody who loves me is always crying. Hes destroying himself. I cant watch anymore. Shut up then. Showing up at my kids school play half way through. You show em who you are, baby. I wish I could be that guy. But I cant drink because I just get tired. I go to sleep. I dont know how people drink and then do shit. When I see movies or TV shows where theres people in an office having a power meeting and theyre –clink clink– Theyre making a drink in the daylight with a tie on. Well, Senator, I hope you play ball with us on this construction deal, if you know what Im saying. Yeah, well see whats in it for me. How is the next scene not all those people just lying on the floor going, Oh, fuck I cant believe I drank whiskey at noon. I cant smoke pot because– Its the same thing. Im too old for it. Sometimes young people come up to me after shows. Hey, do you want to smoke some pot. Im like, Can I get my portion to smoke without you, alone, later, because I dont want to stand in a parking lot with some twenty year-olds. Last time I got high I was in Kansas City. And I got high because I was in Kansas City. It was shitty. So after the show, these kids that worked at the club were like, You want to smoke some pot? Im like, Yes. So, Im standing in a parking lot with these kids, like 20 years old, and were smoking a joint. And Im taking huge hits because I had no idea. I didnt know they had been working on this shit like its the cure for cancer. I didnt understand the fucking technology thats gone into making pot so powerful. Because when I was a kid you could just smoke a joint for a while. Now you take two hits and you go insane. Its not doable anymore. And I was taking big hits, like big 1970s, jean jacket, Bad Company hits. [singing] Here come the Jesters, one, two, three. [singing] Its all part of my fantasy. And Im like, Yeah And even the kid with the wooden hole of no ear the absense of flesh in his ear, with wood. I dont know what that is. Even he was like, You should be careful. Thats a lot of pot. Thats very strong marijuana. Yeah, Im fine. [singing] Running with the devil. And in about ten seconds, everything just– And Im like, Oh, shit. This is an ordeal now. Im not going to feel okay for a very long time. [sigh] And everybodys just standing around and talking. And Im hoping, Im really hoping, that I look like this. But Im pretty sure that I was just scanning insanely. I was actually counting. Look at her for five… four… three… two… …one. Switch to him. Five… four… three… …two. Randomize. Dont go in the same direction. Five… four… …three. Nod your head. That looks like youre listening if you nod your head. And at one point I realized, I need to get out of here, because the air is hitting my arm weirdly and they can tell. They totally know that I am not handling the way air is touching my arm right now. Why am I doing that with my hand. Thats weird to do with your hand. Nobody stands like this. Nobody stands like this. Just fucking– No, thats also– Thats weird too. Thats crazy. Just– Shit. I gotta go. But I didnt know how to leave, because I had this dilema. Were all standing in a perfect circle, facing each other. And I thought its going to be insane if I just turn my– Im one person with my back now. Do I just back away like this and hope that they fill in? And then I thought, no, say something. Say something out loud to them that smooths the transition of you leaving. Okay, what do I say? Pick a thing to say. Goodbye. Thats a nightmare. Thats just… Goodbye? Thats not even– thats just noises. Finally I walked away and I said, Im leaving! I know it was that bad because they all went, Whoa. Shit. Okay. Alright. Whoa. Ill never see those people again as long I live. And then I had to get in the car. I forgot that I had rented a car and I have to drive back to the hotel. And Im driving on this highway in Missouri. And at one point I realized, I think its been about 25 minutes since I had looked out the front window of this car. Ive just been dealing with shit directly in– Oh, shit. Theres a whole spectrum of responsibility out here. Im supposed to take part in this. And then at one point I remember I was at a drive through, and I was terrified. Because theres a lady sticking her head out a window. And shes mad. Shes going, Sir! Sirrr! I just kept saying, I dont know. I dont know. I dont know! I had the window closed. I had no fucking idea. What part of the transaction am I–? Did I pay yet? Have I ordered? Have I been sitting here for 40 minutes just eating at the window, and I ate the paper and everything? Sirrr! And I just went, I dont know! I dont want it! And I just fucking bolted. So I cant do that anymore. But you get older and some things you cant do anymore. Some things you dont want to do anymore. Its a nice change. You feel some desires fall away. New things make you happy. But some things dont change and some things Im sick of. Like the constant just the constant perverted, sexual thoughts. Im so tired of those. Just the constant– Suck it. It just makes me into an idiot. Im jacking off to morons. Look at my tits. Yeah, your tits are awesome. Its just a dumb part of life that Im sick of. Its all day too. Its just– You cant have a day. I just want to be a person in clothes walking in a store and just– I just want to go to the library and ask for– Hi, maam, is there– Im looking for a book about early Abraham Lincoln, like when he was– I wish I could wrap your hair around my dick and– Oh, shit. Im trying to talk to her! [sigh] Thats really a male problem. Its really a male problem, not being able to control your constant sexual impulse. Women try to compete. Well, Im a pervert. You dont know. I have really sick sexual thoughts. No, you have no idea. You have no idea. See, you get to have those thoughts. I have to have them. Youre a tourist in sexual perversion. Im a prisoner there. Youre Jane Fonda on a tank. Im John McCain in the hut. Its a nightmare. I cant lift my arms. And for men, sex just is such a constant thing. Its not even sex to us. Its just pussy. Thats what we call it. Pussy… it has nothing to do with women. Its not about girls or chicks like it was in the 50s. Theres no guys anywhere in the world saying, Lets go meet some chicks and kiss them on the mouth and see what happens. Theres none of that. Mmmm, I sure would like to have my arm around a girl. Mmmm, Vanessa, I love– No, its not. Its just pussy. Pussy. Its not even a pussy. Its not some peoples pussies. Its just pussy. Like big pink balloon letters in front of our faces all the time. To men its just an element of the universe, like it should be on the chart of the elements next to tin and ammonia. P-y with an atomic weight of 12 or whatever pussy atoms weigh. The sad thing is that for all our obsession about sex and how much we love it, we suck at it. Men are terrible at sex. It never even occurs to us to do it well. Women just make sex great. Women are the good part of sex. They accept the dick with grace and they turn it into art. Or they climb on and they ride. They go for a ride. Men dont. We just climb on. [grunting] Im putting my dick in you. Put it in. Shove it in. Shove it. [grunting] You ever fuck when youre out of shape? Youre like, Ugh, shit. This is– My stomach muscles are not strong. [grunting] Were so bad at sex and then we wonder why women arent really aggressive about sex. We think its because they dont have as much desire as we do. Thats how stupid men are. We think theyre just weird. Women are fucked up in the head, because they dont want to just fuck all the time. If I was a women, Id just fuck everybody. Why dont they want to fuck all the time? I do. Of course you do, because when you fuck, you get to fuck a woman. When she fucks, she has to fuck a guy. Wildly different experience. For a man, 100% of the time hes fucking a woman its the greatest thing that ever happened in his entire life. For a woman, about 40% of the time shes being fucked by a guy shes thinking, Ill get over this in a week. Its not the worst thing. Im not going to cry this time. Another thing that proves how bad men are at sex is that after sex youre looking at two very different people. The man just wants to lay there and be cool and the woman wants to cuddle. Its something that men love to make fun of women for. They always want to cuddle. Its so needy. I already fucked you. Just let me watch the game. Im so cool. What are you thinking about? Shut up. Leave me alone. Why is she so needy? Shes not needy, you idiot. Shes horny, because you did nothing for her. You did absolutely nothing. Her pussy is on fire because its gone unfucked completely. Of course youre fine, because you climbed on and went– and then rolled off. And shes on you because shes going, What the–? Something else has to happen! This is bullshit! If you fuck a woman well she will leave you alone. Thanks a lot, buddy. [snoring] Thanks a lot, folks. I hope you enjoyed the show. You guys were great. Thank you very very much. Good night.

EDDIE GRIFFIN@YOU CAN TELL EM I SAID IT!@2011@Ladies and gentlemen, The one and only, The emperor of comedy… Sir Eddie Griffin I want to fuck Michelle Obama. I need her on my team. Im waiting on Obama to fuck up. That nigga slip up, Ima slide right in. Whats happening, Michelle? You like comedy? Thats some fine chocolate motherfucker. You understand me? I didnt vote for Obama because of him, I voted because of her. This is the first first lady that is fuckable. Cause you didnt want to fuck daddy Bushs wife. She look like she jumped off the dollar bill. Look at that! Thats George Washington! And you didnt want to fuck George Jr. s wife. She look like the mama on Damien: Omen. Every time I see her face, all I hear is… Look like the bitch head about to spin around at any moment. And I dont think you wanted to fuck Hillary either. I dont think Hillary like dick. She wear more pantsuits than a brother at a funeral. Now heres how I know Obama got some pimp in him. All right? Remember when Hillary was running against him? She talking all that shit about Obama. Obama got the job. He gave her a job. Thats pimpin. And what was the job he gave her? Secretary of state. And what was the secretary of states job? Stay out of the country. He banished that bitch to foreign lands. And the happiest motherfucker about it is Bill Clinton. You know Bill at home, Thank you, Obama. I can get my dick sucked every day.  Now I knew Obama… I knew he had some nigga in him…. You know, cause at first, you couldnt tell. But one day, it jumped out of him. Yall remember that day him and George Bush was walking outside the White House …and his swag was on 250? Im sitting at home. I said, that brothers a pimp.  You could damn near hear the conversation. Hurry up and get your shit out my house. Take your punk ass back to Texas. You bitch! Cause at first, I thought Obama was an African-American. And white people, I know yall think all black people the same. We just like you white folks. You got different kind of white folks. You got honkies, you got crackers, you got rednecks, you got white guys. Black people the same way. You got black folks. Just dont want to be bothered.  You got old negroes. I sure wish slaveryd come back. Massa was so good to us.  And you got African-Americans. I graduated from college Cum da-lada.  And then you have nigga s. Which I happen to be a member of. BULLSHIT! Translation: N I G G E R! Pull over…  N I G G E R! And Obama, heres how I really knew he had hood in him. He threw a barbecue… at the White House… He invited the NBA, the NFL, every rapper. I think I was the only nigga that wasnt there. You know white people was sitting at home, My god! Its all over! The n i g g e r s are barbecuing! Theyre licking their fingers! They got collard greens and black-eyed peas.  Heres how I really knew he was from the hood. He put a swing set… I dont think yall heard me. He put a swing set on the white house lawn. Thats some nigga shit! He got enough money and power to send his daughters to Disneyland every day. He said, Fuck that. Put that swing set outside that window so I can keep my eye on they little ass. Cause black people, we watch our kids. Im talking to you, white folks. Im tired of seeing yall kids on my milk carton. You know, you just trying to pour some milk on your cereal And theres always that little white face with he caption underneath it. Have you seen me? No, I aint seen your little ass! And how come your parents dont know where the hell you at? You aint never seen little brothers and sisters on a milk carton, cause if you did, theyd be posing. Cause I remember when we was coming up- And black people, back me up on this. When we was coming up, remember your parents tell you, You can play to the end of this block.  Remember? Thats as far as your ass go. Aint no going out to the woods. And I remember my mama told me, If you go any further, Ima fuck you up.  I remember one day, me and my partner Don Junior, we kicking it, right? We get up to the corner. Boom, boom. They like, Ed, come on. Lets go on the next block. Lets see whats over there.  Boy, I was nervous. Thats when you look down to see if your mama on the front porch. My mama looking me dead in the eye. I couldnt hear her, but her mouth said… My uncle Bucky had his pistol. Hes like, I can shoot your ass from here.  Im like Uh, you know, uh-… They like, You aint going, Ed? Im like, Nah, man. You know, I caught a Charlie horse. You know, cause I aint trying to look like no punk, man. I got a horse, you know? They like, Aww, you a bitch-ass nigga.  I said, Ill be the bitch today. Id rather fight both of yall than take one ass-whooping from her. See ya! My mama beat me out of the penitentiary. As yall can see, Is free And obviously, yall parents whooped yall out the penitentiary, cause yall here. Wes free! Them two brothers Im talking about locked up right now. Cause pain give you a memory of what not to do. You understand me, your partner be like Come on, Ed, lets rob this liquor store.  I aint going. Im cool right here. Now they got this brother, Eddie Long. Oh, dont ooh me. I didnt make the shit up. Yall seen the story. And, you know, at first, I had to give the brother the benefit of the doubt. You know what I mean? Im like, No. Black preachers dont fuck little boys.  Thats the difference between a white church and a black church. White churches fuck your son. Black church fuck your wife. God gave that motherfucking preacher the right last name. LONG. And he tried to defend himself. He spoke for about 35 minutes. Not once did he say, I didnt do it. All he said is, I got five rocks and I aint thrown one yet.  I said, thats the gayest shit I ever heard in my life.  He didnt say, I got five bullets. Im about to bust a cap.  That guy: I got five rocks, and I aint thrown one yet.  And did you see how he threw the mic down? I dont go to church. God dont live in church. They say the body is the temple. Im walking to church right now. Soon as you go to church, theres somebody trying to stick a dick in you, and they need some money. Every war in humanitys history has been over some kind of motherfucking religion. You know what I mean? I dont get caught up in that bullshit cause I dont think God ever wrote a Bible or a Quran. He didnt have to write no shit. He aint no playwright. Its written in your essence, cause the Bible was written by men. The book of Peter. The book of John. The whole book about Jesus, but that nigga aint wrote one book. The motherfucker that its about didnt write shit. All the hang-outs wrote a book. Shit, I know the nigga, nigga. And you notice in each one of em book, they the closest one to Jesus. Peter like, Me and Jesus was tight. In Johns book, Shit, I was damn near the niggas daddy. You know. God didnt write no book. Its written in your essence. Nobody ever had to tell you its wrong to kill your mama. Somehow you born innately knowing that. Which means you born knowing right and wrong, so put the book down, cause it will fuck you up. It starts out messed up in the beginning. In the book of Genesis, In the beginning, there was Adam and Eve, and Adam and Eve had two sons, Cain and Abel. And Cain and Abel got married.  To who?! Where did these mystery bitches come from?! I like messing with Christians, man. Cause they easy to get… I dont believe Jesus died on the cross. Sacrilege! Wait a minute, he could walk on water, feed 1,000 with a loaf of bread… raised the dead… But you telling me he couldnt handle three nails? I know brothers with nine bullet wounds still walking around. His name is 50 CENT! I bet you Jesus was a cool kid…. His mama be like, Now, Jesus, go on in there and take a bath and dont be walkin on your water.  He in there… Thats probably why they invented the shower, just to get the nigga wet. Look at some of the Christian heads in here. You going to Hell. Dont be talking bout Jesus, Eddie. Dont be talking bout him.  You know how Jesus whistle? You know, with the hole in the hand. Look, yall really like, nigga, thats it. The lightnings coming.  Christians always the first one to want to send somebody to Hell. You going to Hell.  How the fuck you know? Like God came down. Uh, let that nigga know he going to Hell. Im kind of busy right now.  You know what I mean? Im made in my heavenly Fathers image. If I got a sense of humor, that mean God got one. God probably up there cracking up right now. Hey, Jesus, come here! That crazy nigga I made is on! He talking about you, boy. He said you walk on your bathwater. He said you whistle like this….  Ah, dont get mad. That shit was funny. It was funny.  See, Id be a Muslim, but the Muslim faith, they too strict. You know what I mean? You cant smoke no weed. You cant get your dick sucked by a bitch that aint your wife. Matter of fact, you cant see your wifes face until you marry her. They keep em veiled up. All you get to see is the eyes. You really got to love that bitchs eyes. You be like, Damn. She got some pretty eyes.  Then you marry her ass, the veil come off. No wonder they get 20 wives. You playing the law of averages. Im telling you, I think Christians are jealous of Muslims, cause you aint gonna out-devout a Muslim. Thats the most devout faith youll ever run into. A Muslim will strap a bomb on they self and blow they self up about some Muhammad. Ask a Christian to put a bomb on and blow they self up about Jesus. Naw, He wouldnt want me to do that.  He just blessed me with this house. Im sure He wants me to live in it.  Everybody fighting over this religion shit. You understand me? The Christians say Jesus is the messenger. The Muslims say its Muhammad. I say, Who gives a fuck who the messenger is? Did you get the message? They got the same damn message. Do unto others as you would have them do unto you. Science proves that to be a fact. For every action, theres an opposite and equal reaction. Dont fuck with me, and I wont fuck with you. Ill tell you somebody who needs Jesus right around now. Tiger Woods. What I like about tiger, he kept it golf. He had 18 hos. One for every hole of golf. Now, heres where Tiger messed up. Now, fellas, I want yall to look at the woman sitting next to you that you brought here. Look at her right now! Now, you see how fine she is? Dont ever fuck nothing uglier than her. You dont fuck down. You fuck up. You fuck a woman uglier than your woman, she gonna be madder than a motherfucker. nigga, I know I look better than that bitch! nigga, whats wrong with me? Whats wrong with me? Thats when they go crazy. What the fuck is wrong with me? I look better than that bitch! Whats wrong with me? You fuck a bitch thats finer than your woman, she gonna act like she mad, but she cant get mad. She gonna look at him like, Shit, I didnt know that nigga could catch that. Ima have to step my game up.  Rich black man and white woman dont go together. Ask O. J., Kobe, Tiger woods. It aint no good. Cause white women will set your ass up. See, everybody think a sister is the strongest motherfucking woman on earth. To an extent, that is true, but at least a sister will let you know up front. nigga, I will fuck you up.  You know what you dealing with. White women… sneaky. Really? Is like that, Tom? She get on the phone. Hello? Officer? He raped me…  White women play victim quick than a motherfucker. But that white man gotta learn from you white women. See, when that white man get mad, he get mad. You know, brothers, we get mad, we march We shall overcome… You know, we get a good March in, Misspell signs, we gone. That white man get mad, he snap. You know, white women like, Im taking the kids. Im taking the house. Were gone. Were out of here, you asshole.  That white man be like this. I came from a long line of brookshires. Youre not gonna take my seed from me, Guinevere.  Now, heres the one sentence that white man got for they ass. Over my dead body.  And that motherfucker mean that shit. Over my dead body. Ill kill you. Then Ill kill the kids. Ill burn the fucking house to the ground, then Ill do myself.  Brother cant even try that shit. Sister be like, nigga, Im leaving you.  Ima kill you. You killing who? Let the killing begin, motherfucker! nigga be like, Im just playing, girl. Im just playing. You know Im joking with you, girl. You know Im joking with you. We dont even get to the part of burning the house down and the kids. They always try to make it like everybodys after the white woman. You look at the movies. King Kong after the bitch. You all know damn well this is a nigga story… The big old gorilla… He had all them fine African sisters and one white woman and lose his mind. Thats why they call it Jungle fever. That motherfucker Kong got that white bitch. nigga, he picked her up. Just blowing on the ho. I got my white bitch! I got my white bitch! They took his white bitch. That motherfucker swam to New York. They took the bitch up on a building. Wheres my white bitch? I need my white bitch! They got some new kind of white women now. You know, Im in my 40s. You know, I remember when all white women had straight backs. You know what I mean? No ass. Just a long back. You know, you could lay em down, get a good crease in your pants. Now they got some ass on em. I dont know what you white women are eating, but keep it up. Cause theyd be walking down the street. ¶ ga-gonk ga-gonk ¶ You got competition, Laqueisha.  Cause, you know, every city I go to on tour, theres always the brother with the white woman. Now, brothers, let me ask yall something, cause I see a couple of yall here with your white women. Why, when yall get a white woman, yall get the ugliest white bitch in town? And be walking proud with em. Yeah, this is mine.  Holding hands and shit. You know what I mean? Brothers dont even hold hands with they own sister. You know what I mean? You watch a brother walking down a street. Sister be behind em. Im with you.  Come on. Keep up.  nigga get a white woman, act like he hit the jackpot. Yes, I got her.  But when you see a white man with a sister… Oh, they get the baddest sister they got in town. Oh, white boys dont fuck around. When they get a sister, they get a sistah. And they be walking, holding hands. Goddamn right I got her.  Im gonna teach her how to Riverdance.  Nothing against you white people. Yall just different. You know how them motherfuckers say they dont like black people, right? And the ones that Im talking about, Im talking about you. Not all white people. Theres some cool motherfuckers. Youre here. Obviously, motherfucker, youre here. But you know the ones Im talking about, them motherfucking racist sons of bitches. I dont like black people.  Well, why you lay out in the sun and try to become black? You dont see black people laying out in the moonlight trying to lighten up. Like, brother, what you doing? nigga, Im trying to get that prince tone. Morris day up in this bitch.  Be happy to be white, white folks. Yall aint even white, Really. Yall colored. Yall should all join the NAACP [National Association For Advancement of Colored People] You understand me? Cause yall colored people. Only white people can Turn red when they mad. Look at em. They blush. Theyre a little pink. When you hit em, They blue and purple. [laughter and applause] Yall colored people Like a motherfucker. Yall the whole box Of goddamn crayons. I might be blushing Right now. You cant tell. No shit. They trying to tell our Mexican Brothers and sisters That they need to stay away From the border. Mm-hmm. I dont understand that… When California is mexico. [cheers and applause] Listen to the name of it. [in Mexican accent] California. San Diego, San Francisco, San Jose. If it start with San, Its Mexican. [laughter and applause] Always talking about, my country. White people, This aint yall country. Yall annexed it. You stoled it from The Indians. I know you said You discovered it. You know how they use them Slick-ass words. we discovered it! How you discover some shit A motherfucker Already live at? [laughter and applause] Using that analogy, When I get offstage, Ima discover somebody car. Police like, did you steal it? no, I discovered it. I gave the indigenous driver A reservation in the trunk. My man, LeBron James. You know, the brother went To Miami. You know, which he has all right to do. You know? Its called free agency. The first word is free. Them white people In Cleveland got all mad, Burned the nigga jersey, Doing little statues of him, Setting on fire. Im like, he play basketball! This aint a politician That could change your life. He dribbled. He dunked. Yay. [laughter] You know what I mean? I just want an hour Of my life back. It shouldnt have Took him an hour, you know? He just sat there. Im going to south beach. nigga! If I wasnt a Christian… And you can tell him I said it. You know what I mean? The reason I heard that he left Is cause one of the dudes On the team Was sleeping with his mama. Yall heard that shit too? I found out when I did the show in Cleveland. The audience told me. I said, is it true? They like, yeah. Yeah. We all knew. We all knew. Im like, and yall Wondering why he gave yall The finger and left? He from here. Yall his hometown. Yall love the nigga. Somebody should have came up To the brother. hey, uh… You know when you delivering That bad, bad news, You got to– hey, uh… Hey, you know, My man and your mama. [laughter] I just thought Id let you know. I just thought Id let you know. And whats the nigga name That did it? Dante west. Thats some fucked-up shit, cause that nigga, When he play against LeBron, He can get in that niggas head. He ding that nigga up. hey, LeBron. [laughter and applause] You know, Me and your moms. You know what I mean? Thats like me and Chris Rock doing a movie together and he sleeping with my mama. Ima have to rock Chris Rock. You dont fuck moms. Moms off-limits. You can fuck my sister. You know what I mean? She grown. She want to give you some pussy, hey. But you dont put your dick in where I came out. My man Michael Vick doing his thing, aint he? [cheers and applause] You understand me? You cant keep a brother down. They put that boy in the game. The rest is history. You understand me? And I dont know why They did that brother The way they did him About some damn dogs. He had some pit bulls. Now heres the shit That fucked with me. Theres a dogfight going on. He three states away. He aint even at the house, And they lock him up. And his cousins aint shit! [cheers and applause] You staying at his house For free. You there when The dogfight go down And the bust come. One of them supposed To take the rap. is this Michael Vick? no, this me. Theyd have slapped him On the wrist, $150,000 fine. nigga, nothing. They want to make an example out Of vick. They want every black man To have an asterisk. Kobe Bryant. raped white bitch. Michael Jordan. gambled. Michael Vick. dogfight. Eddie griffin. said nigga. Tricky white people. Yall love dogs more than Yall love human beings. I watch yall. You see white people. They see a stray dog. You see em. They be like, wheres your home? Whats your name? Let me read your tag. You have a number. Were gonna call your master. Were gonna find your home. A homeless dude walk up. can I get some change? get away from me, you bum. [laughter and applause] Gonna lock this brother up About a dog. Its called a pit bull. They bred to fight. The dog wants to fight. The dog sitting In the backyard. I want to fuck something up. You know what Im saying? I aint no poodle. What the fuck you Got me back here for? You understand me? They aint trying To stop a rodeo. White people go to the rodeo. You got motherfucking shocks On the goddamn bulls nuts To make it hop around. Oh, thats humane. Shut them rodeos down, Ill stop fighting My motherfucking dogs. Im from the Midwest. We fight dogs! [barks] Still having cockfights, Aint you? You motherfuckers. If I wasnt a Christian… drink up, yall. Its Saturday. Spoken like a true alcoholic. cause you know alcoholics come Up with any reason to drink. why you drinking? its Saturday. why you drinking? its Sunday. Jesus had wine At the last supper. its Monday. first day back at the job. its Tuesday. kids getting on My goddamn nerves. its Wednesday. hump day. its Thursday. almost Friday. its Friday. thank god! its Saturday. thats what Im saying! Shit, get fucked up, Be somebody else. [laughter] You know what I mean? You got to slave For another motherfucker On the job all week long. Saturday get here, Man, get faded And be somebody else. They be like, who are you? Im Michael Jackson… Till Sunday! [laughter and applause] Man, uh, in case You were wondering, hey, what you drinking, Ed? Its called the liquid blunt. You know what Im saying? Its Veuve Clicquot champagne. Give you the same high As a blunt. You dont go up. You dont go down. You maintain. You understand me? A police pulls me over, They cant say, uh, you have some weed On you? I dont. [laughter] And its called Veuve Clicquot– Its actually the first Champagne ever created. cause I research anything I put in my temple, All right? And its some French shit. So those of you who were Talking that shit, I hate the French, Uh, fuck you. I like the French. If you hate the French, Dig up the statue of liberty And send that bitch back. They made her. If you hate the French, Keep your tongue in your mouth When you kiss, cause Its called a French kiss. It aint called A redneck kiss. And put the croissant down, cause thats French too. I like the French. Oui, oui. Tres bon, Je mappelle, et toi. [laughter and applause] And if youre Japanese, Genki desu domo arigato. Moshi moshi. And if youre Chinese, Ni hao ma. Xie-xie ni. [speaking mandarin] But this is the liquid blunt. Now, he named it after His wife. Now, if you buy a bottle Of the shit, It costs $45 at Costco. I dont get it twisted. I dont give a fuck How much money I got. Im frugaler than A motherfucker. cause you dont stay rich By spending the shit. $45. You see them fools In them damn videos. $500 for a bottle of Crystal at a strip club. nigga, I aint paying $500 For nothing. Suck my dick! $45! And the shit is good! But he named it after His wife. You buy a bottle, Theres a picture of her On the cap. Now, when you look At the picture Of this fat, ugly bitch, You will figure out Why he created a drink. He like, I need a drink Before I fuck your fat, Raggedy ass. I need some bubbles For my troubles. You see, I just finished my second dui. I aint trying To get a third, cause you know California law. You get that third one, Its an automatic year In the penitentiary area. I aint trying to go To jail about no drinking, cause you get to jail, Aint no drinking. I remember, I was rolling out, man. Im coming down sunset In L.A. One night And I was high… As a motherfucker. Now I done had a couple of this, You know– [stammering] Im doing me. You know, and I think Im doing good. You know, Im whipping it. And, you know, brothers, We drive with one eye In the rearview mirror And the other one on the road To make sure po-po Aint behind. So Im doing my shit, And I seen the lights. I didnt know I was in the car chase For about five minutes. Im that high. I seen the lights And in my head Im like, its Christmas already? They got all these lights And shit. I didnt know till a cop car Pulled in front of me And cut me the fuck off And pulled me over. And thats when you try To get sober quick. You like… [breathing heavy] You know how you do. I got this. All right, let me get this shit Off of me, nigga. That over there. Stash pocket. Boom. Plow. And you got to pull The wallet out If you a black man. You dont want To get caught reaching. They shoot us. he was reaching For something! Ill be having my wallet out. I.D. Showing. Clack-clack. Window already down. Im ready for you. Come on. Come on. And they be asking More dumb-ass questions. Hes like, would you like To step out of the car? I said, well, since its A yes or no answer, No, I would not like To step out of the car. Thats when they snatch Little motherfucker out. Then they try to make you Do the gymnastic competition. You know, Walk a straight line. I said, hey, hold up, man. I aint in the Olympics. Hes like, Eddie, so youre Saying youre drunk? I said, no, your honor. I mean, officer. I aint drunk. Im fucked up! There is a difference. I can drive drunk. Im fucked up. Thats why I thought I was going straight. [chuckles] youre Eddie griffin, right? Comedian? I said, yeah, shit. Why you got that uniform on? Hes like, hes funny in real life. I said, look, man– Hes like, Eddie, Ima do you a favor. you gonna let a brother go? nope. Not gonna do that. I said, well, What the fuck is it, then? He said, I was wondering if I could take a picture with you For my son and my kids. I said, motherfucker, You let a nigga go, We can take pictures All night. [laughter and applause] Thats when they said, click-click. Now, they sat my black ass On the curb. Sunset boulevard, Fans driving by, And you know How motherfuckers are. They dont know. You know what I mean? nigga, I entertain, But Im a real motherfucker. Im on the corner. Click-click. Theres nigga s riding by. hey, ed, what up? Im like, nigga, I cant wave back! you love a nigga that much, Pull over. Help me. [laughter and applause] Im fucked up. I cant talk for myself. This motherfucker Put me in the car. Im in the back. Its an uncomfortable ride, You know? And they got the shit on tight. You back there, look at this motherfucker. And you cant get comfortable, Shit. And Im sitting in the back. Im so fucked up, Im still clowning. It was a white dude And a fat female white cop. And Im sitting in the back. I looked at her fat, Funky ass. [laughter] Yall know my mouth. Some people can edit. It just fly out. I looked at her ass, nigga. I said, shit, I aint never Seen a police uniform With stretch marks on it. [laughter and applause] Her partner Is sitting behind– Hes like, this motherfucker Is crazy, for real. They got me down to The station, And thats when they handcuff You to that little bench. So Im on that wooden bench, And Im clowning This fat bitch. The night watchman jumped off The desk and said, put that ignorant motherfucker In the cage. They locked me up In that motherfucker. Its a Friday night. Brothers, yall know What Im talking about. You there for the weekend. I dont know if you been To jail recently. They done took out All the TVs. They done took the weights out. They literally in there Curling little nigga s. nigga, they make you put Your legs together tight And they curl these little Motherfuckers. I was so tired Of getting curled. They stuck me In the cell With the crip of The century. I got in there, that Motherfucker was dipped blue, Doo-doo-doo-doo. I said, they put me in With the smurf. [laughter] Every other word is like, what up, cuz? Whats going on, cuz? Where the scene at, cuz? [laughter] Now, yall know Im from Kansas city, Missouri, right? This is when Im first Getting to l.A. Im like– Bloods and the hood And all that shit Wasnt on tv yet. Im sitting there. cuz. Cuz. Im like, we related? cuz? He like, no, cuz. You know what Im saying, Cuz. And the nigga kept doing This kind of shit. Im like, these nigga s In l.A. Is a bunch Of deaf mutes out here. You know, These motherfuckers– nigga, and Im like, I dont speak that shit. All I know is this and that. [laughter and applause] He like, nigga, Aint you Eddie Griffin, cuz? Aint you Eddie Griffin, Cuz? Im like, yeah, motherfucker. You fucking my high up. So I got to hollering at The little nigga As the nigga high started Coming down. I said, nigga, Why yall do that shit? He like, you know, cuz. You know, cuz. Im like, nigga, Im from Kansas city, Missouri. nigga, where I grew up, We didnt have no gangs. nigga be like, nigga, whats your gang? self. The older brothers in here Know what Im talking about. Back in the day, You had yourself. You had a gang, nigga. Me, myself, and I. Your partner showed up To make sure His partners didnt jump in. Whoever you got beef with, Mano y mano, head up, nigga. what up, nigga? [rolls tongue] If you get your ass whooped, Go to the gym and practice. [laughter and applause] Had that left hook. Got to keep that right up. You got to keep that right up. [cheers and applause] Come with it. cause we being so soft With our kids nowadays, man. That shit get on my nerves. They locking parents up Because the kid Had a fight at school. You know what I mean? What kind of– We raising little bitch-ass Motherfuckers? A fight is in gods plan. You supposed to fight As a kid. That lets you know Where you fit in On the food chain. You thought You was billy badass. Then you ran into Billy badass. Billy badass whooped That ass. You figure out, Im good at math. they dont even know bloods And crips started right here In Oakland. Its a offshoot Of the black panthers. Ima teach yall Something tonight. When the feds came to break up The black panthers– Two of the brothers Went down to l.A. One went to Inglewood and started the bloods, Which meant, if the police fuck With anybody on this block, We all blood, we all family, We stand together. All right? Another one went down to Compton. Started the crips. crips stand for community Resistance in progress. If you fuck with anybody In this community, The community has got A resistance in progress, Officer! [applause] You ask these little Youngsters now, hey, what crip mean? it mean crip, cuz. [laughter] it mean crip, cuz. It mean crip, cuz. And what is this retarded walk? The fuck is wrong with you, nigga? You just got out the zoo? You playing right into the White mans stereotype of us. You know what I mean? Chill the fuck out on that Red and blue, nigga. I dont even understand, nigga. We both broke. You a blood; Im a crip. We broke. Come together like butt cheeks And be the shit. Hell, yeah. If you a little motherfucker My size, shut the fuck up. You know what I mean? cause them aint The scary ones. The quiet motherfuckers… Thats who you watch. Them the killers. You know, the loudest Motherfucker in the club Is a bitch. That nigga loud cause he scared And he hope its scaring you. nigga, you know What Im saying? Ill fuck it up! Is this scaring yall? cause Im scared As a motherfucker! Real killers are quieter Than a motherfucker. They dont dance. They sit in the club, Hold the wall up, And just be looking. You know, they constantly got A grit on they face. You know? Do a slow stroll Through the club. And they praying the whole time. god, dont let me kill Nobody else today. And then somebody Step on his shoe. He be like… They try to let it slide, But nigga s like that cant. You on the dance floor And hell walk up to you. excuse me, bro. You know, you stepped On my shoes, you know? I was wondering if youll apologize, you know? See, I paid for mine just like You paid for yours, you know? So, you know, if you give A brother an apology, You know, we can go on And clean this on up, You know what Im saying? That nigga be like, nigga, fuck you and your shoes. Old bitch-ass nigga. Shit. Why he tell this motherfucker that? Thats when they get that walk. [laughter] Bloop! Bloop! Bloop! Bloop! Bloop! Club clearing out like roaches when the light come on. That motherfucker walk out. Dont nobody know What happened. He still praying. god… I told you. You know how I am. You go on and sort him out, Cause he wasnt cool Down here. As my grandfather said, theres certain people That deserve a whole Lot of leave-alone. its her birthday today! who? 76! hey, my dear, Happy birthday, baby. ¶ happy birthday ¶ ¶ to you ¶ [imitating Sammy Davis Jr.] ¶ happy birthday ¶ ¶ to you ¶ ¶ oh, uh ¶ ¶ happy birthday ¶ ¶ dear mama ¶ [cheers and applause] We appreciate you, baby. Yes, indeedy. Thats everybody mama, Shit. You know what I mean? Thats how that shit Supposed to go, man. I be seeing some of these little Young motherfuckers When they see one of they elders Going across the street. man, get your old ass Out the way. Yall see that shit? Beat the dog shit Out that motherfucker. You got the right to rap, Run around, And do all your dumb shit cause sisters like her And brothers her age That put it down. [cheers and applause] I got nine kids, and dont none Of em want for shit. You know, when I hear Motherfuckers talking about Child support on one kid, I just laugh. Im like, thats it? Shit, nigga. Come to my world. [laughter] Shit, two ex-wives. Four, five baby mamas. My first-of-the-month calls Is a motherfucker. Shit, I thought I was pimping. Im doing shows for them. They pimping the shit Out my black ass. nigga, go do some shows. I bet you they get together And huddle. nigga, I get a movie, They be like, come on, girl. We got a movie. [laughter and applause] But I wouldnt trade One of my babies in To save my motherfucking life. [applause] cause really, At the end of life, Thats all you Motherfucking leave. You dont take no money With you. You understand me? I aint never seen A brinks truck Pull up to a funeral. The Egyptians tried to take Their money with em. Aint they digging them Motherfuckers up? Now king tut on tour. This dead motherfucker Still on tour. [laughter and applause] And if they could legally Get away with digging Michael up, That niggad be on tour too. wheres Michael? hes on tour. That nigga in the casket And the music play. [imitating Michael Jackson] hee-hee! thats why I smoke And I drink. cause when Im dead, I dont want nobody Walking by my casket Talking about, damn, ed look good. If I look good, I should still Be motherfucking alive. I want a motherfucker walking By my casket to say, god damn! I see why that nigga dead! [laughter and applause] It aint the quality of life– Or the quantity. Its the quality. You understand me? Would you really want to live To be 199 years old, Shitting on yourself? You come in the world In diapers. If you got to leave In depends, You stayed too long. If it look like Im about To shit on myself, Unplug me, nigga. cause life is for The living. And motherfuckers That are alive and love you Dont want to unplug you cause they love you. Motherfucker, let me go. I said Im tired. Now unplug this shit. I want to see what The next part look like. cause I know this Aint the end. Energy aint dissipated. Its transferred. This spirit animates this clay We motherfucking trapped in. You understand me? Clay drop the fuck down. My spirit going on To the next phase, nigga. Now, leave me the fuck alone. [applause] You understand me? I had my fun. And some of you Old motherfuckers Aint playing fair. You know, they got this New shit viagra, cialis. I think god put A ticking clock on a dick. Your dick supposed to be done Right around the speed limit. Aint no need in you having No kids after 55. Your ass aint gonna be here When they get out of school. Now, play fair. Put the pill down. Shut your dick up. cause a young motherfucker– Supposed to be our turn to get Some down pussy. Old nigga already established. He got a business. He got a motherfucking Rolls-Royce. He getting all the young pussy, And the young nigga like this, but, baby, Well, you know– She like, you aint got no car. Im going with sugar daddy. Put your wrinkled-up monster up. And you know them old nigga s Be cheating, nigga. Right now, they popping They pill cause they know The show almost over. [laughter and applause] cause they know it take A hour for it to kick in. You know. Ima be ready for you After this show, girl. Gonna be ready for you. Tell you I drop I like its hot. I can drop it Like its hot. [cheers and applause] If yall think Im funny, My grandfather is The funniest motherfucker Outside of Richard Pryor I ever met. My granddaddy would sit on The front porch. Hed be like, lookie here. I like young hos. I said, young hos? He like, yeah, nigga. If you catch me with something Over 27, Im holding it For the police. [laughter] all I can show A 30-year-old bitch is, Is where the old folks Home is. You know how many dicks She done seen In 30 years, Eddie? I like young hos. He said, Eddie, I had one So young last night, When I got done, I had to burp her. I couldnt even call him A dirty old man. I was just like… all right. cause the nigga Explained it to me. He said, theres one thing An old motherfucker dont want, And thats an old bitch. Two old motherfuckers Dont go together. Dust flying everywhere. [audience members shouting] hey, baby. I had to come to The yay area. [cheers and applause] cause I know up here, Yall motherfuckers is sharp. You know what I mean? And youre still street At the same time, so you– You know what I mean? You actually see nigga s With books up here. [cheers and applause] You know what I mean? If you wanna stop motherfuckers From dealing dope On your block, on the corner, Walk up and hand them nigga s A book. Watch them run. That nigga trying to get me To read! All these words and stuff. Yeah, they say these White people are scared of A nigga with a gun. No, they aint. When they see your ass with A gun, heres what they do. gotcha! Hell be in jail soon. They see your ass With a book– Try this shit, cause I do it all the time. Go to Starbucks Or one of them little, You know, coffee shops. Sit down with a book. White person sitting Over there. They cant resist it, nigga, They just be like… [laughter] [cheers and applause] Get a book, man. Reading is fundamental. Fun to mental. [cheers and applause] Think! It aint illegal yet. But theyre working on it. [cheers and applause] I want the young motherfuckers In here tonight, No matter what Your nationality is, Turn the motherfucking TV off For one week. And see if you can survive. Motherfuckers are going into A television junkie Motherfucking mode, There aint no TV. I need my remote, nigga, Im jonesing. Its called tele… Vision… Programming. Theyre telling you visually The program. Youre being programmed. You watch it on the news. it was on CNN. Its true. Ive seen it on fox. Its real. Its bullshit! [cheers and applause] You know Obama Aint running shit. Puppet on a string. [laughter] That nigga ran for office And said, Ima stop both wars. Didnt he just send 60,000 more troops To Afghanistan? He took them out of Iraq. Them nigga s thought They was going home. shit, nigga, the war over. We going home. He like, no. Over there. They wives and shit, Family thinking These motherfuckers coming home. nigga, they get shipped To a new war. And you know these wars Is about what? ¶ money, money, money, money ¶ Now, Iraq, We annexed that country. You know, took the oil, nigga. Now, one thing you know about American motherfucking history, Wherever we land, We dont leave. We already got three bases, Permanent bases in Iraq. We still in Vietnam, Still in motherfucking Korea, And still got a base in japan. Everywhere we land, We dont leave! You know what I mean? I thought it was called The United States of america, Not the united empire Of earth. you will do as I say. How the fuck we gonna Go over to Iraq And tell em were giving These people freedom? They didnt ask for it! Wasnt no Iraqis over there, come on over here. We wanna vote. Them motherfuckers Was chillin. Now we over in Afghanistan. You know what we there for. Opium. 90% of the worlds opium Comes from… Afghanistan. Holla at your boy. [laughter and applause] Now, in the Buddhist religion, They smoke opium. Theres 1.6 billion Chinese. In order to control china, You must control opium. China owns 90% of our debt. Welcome to china. [laughter] Learn the language. Ni hao ma. [laughter] Xie-xie ni. The Chinese Aint to be fucked with. One Bruce Lee would fuck up this whole room. [laughter] 1.6 billion Bruce Lees? nigga, leave em alone. Oh, America know who to attack. You aint never seen them Go fuck with china. Remember, china had one Of our motherfuckers– Students in Tienanmen square Beating the shit out of him On national television With a bamboo Motherfucking stick. Did America go and attack? No. You know what they said? what is he doing over there? [laughter] somebody get his parents On the phone. [laughter] cause that Bruce Lee Was a bad motherfucker. [cheers and applause] 57". 140 pounds. Dynamite. You understand me? That motherfucker in the movie, You ever seen that motherfucker? He walked in a dojo. 300 motherfuckers. Bruce walk in and… And, you know, I love that nigga walk. We can fight one at time… Or together. If you sitting in that dojo, You gotta ask yourself Two questions. Either he got a bomb On his ass… Or hes really A bad motherfucker. Neither one of them are good. And remember the motherfucking Teachers are always like, wang, chang, lilang wang. Hang! They run out there And get killed, nigga. [laughter] Then he go with the second set. wang, chang, ching-chong, Chang, wong-long. If Im in that second set, I would have been like, hey, hey, hold the fuck up. Them was your black belts. My shit is orange. You the teacher. Teach! Now, if you whoop his ass, Ill keep taking your class. If not, Im about to study With that motherfucker. Im Eddie Griffin. Yall been wonderful. Good night, Oakland, baby.

DANIEL TOSH@HAPPY THOUGHTS@2011@[Rock music] ¶ ¶ [cheers and applause] Thank you… San Francisco. All right, youre ruining the show. [cheers and applause continue] Thank you… For clapping for what my parents are ashamed of. Oh, San Francisco. Yes. [cheers and applause] Oh… My third favorite city to do comedy in. Huh? Thats not bad, right? Top ten. Congratulations. Aw, more butt-fucking per square foot than in any place in the world. Thats you guys. Thats you. [cheers and applause] put that on your postcards. San Francisco: more butt-fucking per square foot. Miss you. All right. If I offend anybody tonight, I apologize. Thats not my intention. Im not gonna guess what your personal line of decency is. I cross my own from time to time. Its how I know I still have one. All right. I have no problem with illegal immigration in this country except for the fact that they dont serve on jury duty. Thats horseshit. It should be the other way around. They should serve exclusively on jury duty. Yeah. [cheers and applause] then it finally would be a jury of ones own peers. [crowd groaning] [laughter and applause] Its not a stereotype if its always true. Yeah, then it becomes law. That joke is called Latinos are criminals. thats just the title. It doesnt mean anything. Sometimes before I walk on stage, my girlfriend might say, have a good show. Break a leg. this is what she said to me a few weeks ago right before I walked on stage. She goes, hey, you ever worry about getting shot when youre out there? Im like, what the hell is wrong with you? She followed it with, you should move around more. Uh, you should go back to reading your vampire books. [laughter and cheers] I should move around more? As if a sniper would get frustrated. Like… I cant keep up. He lives. A lot of times, people complain that their significant other takes too long to get ready to go out at night. Ive never had that complaint. And I think its because I never want to go anywhere. So I could care less how long it takes her to get ready. Thats just less time I have to spend with her horrible friends pretending that I dont want to kill myself. Yeah. [cheers and applause] Shell take an hour and a half to get ready, come down and be like, oh, my goodness. You are so patient. And Ill be like, for what? You look disgusting. right? Yeah. Now shes crying. Whatever. I bought myself an extra two hours to watch the game. Yeah. Yeah. Its not like shes gonna break up with me. Shes ten years younger. Shes one opinion away from being replaced. I can say that. I have a television show. Yeah. The power in our household has shifted dramatically. Now, if youre following me on Twitter, you know I had diarrhea today. Am I using that website properly? Sometimes I like to sit on the toilet in reverse. were listening. its nice, right? You can turn around. You can lean on the tank. Im gonna be here for a while. Yeah, the people that are clapping right now, theyre the ones like, okay, all kidding aside, he is a genius. No, no, no, no. Its the simplicity. Ive been sitting on that thing my whole life. Youre telling me I could turn around, have a bowl of cereal, yeah? Set the alarm ten minutes later. Multitask. All right, nobody should eat while on the toilet. but Im lactose intolerant, and Ive always wanted to enjoy a bowl of puffins with whole milk. Thats more of an almond milk cereal, but live your dream. Somebody emailed me, and theyre like, hey, dipshit– which, for the record, is a wonderful subject line if you ever want me to read your emails. Oh, lets see what this nice fan has to say. You had me at hello. Theyre like, you know you have to take your pants completely off to sit on the toilet backwards? [laughter] touche. All right, so I dont research. Its a pre-shower [bleep], agreed? Can we move on, sticklers to every joke detail? You ever have a post-shower [bleep]? Oh, might as well go back to bed and start your whole day over. Things are wrong. Thats not the order of events. Theres a glitch in the matrix. This worlds not real. Mom! Wipe me! [laughter and cheers] I recently started flat-ironing my ball hair. Come on, ladies. You know how it is. If you have curly hair, you just want straight hair. So now when people see my balls, its like, oh, my goodness. that looks really, really good. Isnt that damaging to the hair? And Im like, yeah, but what are you gonna do? I wish Victoria Beckham would knock it off with all the cute dos. I cant keep up. My balls still have the 06 posh. Remember that little trendy little cut? Posh spice? Looks like my testicles. Okay? Am I the only person that hopes David Beckham has sex with Brad Pitt? I dont know whos in charge of casting in Hollywood, but make it happen before one of thems out of their prime. Can you imagine those two men together making love? Oh. If theres a man in here thats junk doesnt wiggle just a little bit at the thought of those two men together– this has nothing to do with your homophobic sexual preference. At that level, its art, you monkey, okay? You should be honored that you share the same restroom with those Greek gods. Can you imagine if they had a child? ¶ Ahh ¶ was that Simba? What the fuck? Was that Simba? Thats the Beckham-Pitt kid? Thats pittkham? The most beautiful child the world has ever seen. Picture baby Jesus with better abs. Thats a good-looking baby. If they had a baby Abercrombie store, theyd hire him to work the front door, right? Just standin there shirtless, propped up. He cant stand yet. Just leaning against the wall. Big poster, big poster of himself just standing in little tight pampers. And youd walk in, and youd be like, I dont want to say this, but I want to fuck that baby. oh, man! Do I want to fuck that baby! If I had three wishes, two of em would be to fuck that baby and one would be for more wishes. well, you cant do that. then I want to fuck the baby a third time. I would like to use all three wishes banging that baby. Go ahead, dumb people, be offended by a joke that doesnt have a plausible premise. Oh, Id love to read your email. I felt you went over the line a bit when you theoretically wanted to fornicate with a mythical child. [laughter and applause] [cheers and applause] – Heads up, Mormons, this jokes gonna sting. [laughter] next time a golden plate falls from the heavens, go ahead and put it in your spam file. Lets not base your entire life on a religion thats old enough for my dad to be like, oh, yeah. Thats not true. Uh, that didnt happen. I dont know why theyre wearing their pajamas under their clothes. I assume their god wants them to be comfy. the Mormon church spent $20 million last year in the state of California making sure queers didnt legally get married– successfully, I might add. So I guess were not as liberal as we all thought. And this is what I say to the most conservative person thats so terrified of gay marriage becoming legal. Just because the state says its legal, its not like gods gonna let em into heaven. Okay? So you can still sleep sound every night knowing that goal line defense is up at the pearly gates just going, yeah. [cheers and applause] youre not getting in here, faggots! [grunts] [laughter and applause] Do you remember the commercials they ran? It was a little girl that came running home from school, uh, and, uh, shed be like, mommy, mommy, mommy, the teacher said when I get older I can marry a princess if I want to. and theyre like, what are you gonna do when your kid says that? [laughter] and every parent in California is like, whoa, were gonna have to talk to our kids? Sorry, queers. Nope. Yeah. Thats Esperanzas job. [cheers and applause] So I wanna hire the same little girl to do commercials for me in the state of Utah, and I want her to come running home and be like, mommy, mommy, mommy, how come youre nine years older than me? Yeah. Because we learned math, and this doesnt add up. Mommy, mommy, mommy, mommy– shes calling out to all of her mothers. And they start coming out of the cabinets in their little house on the prairie outfits trying to explain how open-minded they really are. Compared to who, the Amish? Am I the only person that blames global warming entirely on the Amish? [laughter] Are they not a constant reminder of how awful life would be without all this great technology? Every time I wanna cut back and conserve on natural resources, I just look at the Amish and Im like, ho, ho, fuck that. Fill it up. Fill it up. no, no. Im not gonna ride around in a buggy. Its bad enough I have a four-cylinder. But I would like a fireless fireplace. I dont know how you did it, Amish. Apparently, you partnered up with the wiccans because that is magical. [laughter] you know the economys in the toilet when the Amish can afford full-page ads in every paper. Apparently, butter is recession-proof. Does anyone in here know what Im even talking about at this point? The Amish, they make this fireplace that doesnt plug in. Theres no fire, but its pumping out heat. I assume theres a hamster in there losing his mind. Its no snuggie, but its a great product. Yeah, somebody bought me a snuggie as a joke gift. Ha, the jokes on you. I enjoy it. [laughter] Yeah. Huh. I toss and turn at night. Finally, a blanket thats like, nuh-uh, Im gonna keep you warm. [laughter] Its like having a small child with polio keep you in a full nelson. The perfect pressure. What upset me about the gift is thats all I received, was one sage green snuggie, when, in fact, I know it comes with two snuggies and two book lights. Those are $20 values. Where the hell is the rest of my gift? Yeah. You have until Christmas, or Im coming to your house and ripping 3/4 of your fathead off your wall. Not big ben. Yeah. Ben shouldnt be in the bathroom with anyone. [laughter and applause] Speaking of quarterbacks, uh, Brett Favre– I love that everybody gave him so much grief to retire. Brett Favre should retire. Are you out of your mind? He makes $12 million a year to play a game. yeah, Im gonna keep playing. Hey, Brett, the whole world thinks you should retire. you said $12 million, right? Yeah, they can go fuck themselves. [laughter and applause] I would never quit, are you kidding me? What about in four years? Hes not good enough to be a starter, but he could be a backup in the NFL. Do you know what that pays? About $4 to $5 million. Uh, yep, Im gonna do that. how about ten years? Not good enough to be a backup. But he could be on the practice squad. Do you know what that pays? About $850,000. Uh, yep, Im gonna do that as well. Ill play forever. itd make the game more enjoyable if people werent allowed to retire. Athletes dont wanna quit either. See some 70-year-old return a punt, like, oh… he gets hit, he explodes, he dies on the field with some honor. Yeah. And sports needs steroids. It does. Are you kidding me? Oh, baseball, certainly. Baseballs a strike away from being soccer. Yeah. And if you like soccer, well, welcome to America. See, our country already has entertainment, so watching people chase a ball for four hours to end zero-zero is not enjoyable unless, of course, the bleachers collapse and half of Europe dies. [cheers and applause] […] Baseball. Nobody wants to watch a pitching battle either. Lets hit the ball deep. Dont worry about your records either. For every superstar that has done steroids, a billion double a boys have juiced up, so the playing field is plenty even. Well put an asterisk next to Barry Bonds name, sure, as soon as we put one next to babe Ruths name. Getting to break records before black people were allowed to play? Excuse me? Where is that asterisk? Why dont people talk about that? [cheers and applause] oh. Id love to know how many homers the babe would have hit had c.c. Been throwing him 92-mile-an-hour sliders. Yeah. Maybe the fat boy would have put the cigar down and quit pointing had Jose been allowed to swim 90 miles to throw him a junk ball. Dont worry if you dont follow. 90 miles is the distance from key west to Cuba, Joses a stereotypical name for a Latino ball player, and a junk balls an impossible pitch to hit yard anyplace except for the new Yankee stadium, which is a joke. The point… Is the record books might look a little different had our country not been founded by racists. Thats all. And I love that in 2010, youre still not allowed to shit on the founding fathers. Why not? Screw them. They were a bunch of racist fucking pigs with a handful of good ideas. I just hope when they were signing the declaration of independence, they shot each other a glance. all men are created equal. you know what we mean. [laughs sarcastically] Now get me some hot coffee, boy. [laughter] Oh… At least were not women, right, fellas? Oh, jeez. What is that like? Is it horrible? Is it awful… To know youre number two? By the way, these arent my beliefs. Its my observations on the world I live in. If it changes, Ill adjust the material accordingly. Cool. I like it when you try to rationalize it. No, its great being a woman. Free drinks is worth not having equality. [laughter] Listen, youre in a great country to be number two, because at least in America, its close, right? Men are here. Women are here. Some countries, its like this and house cat is right there. Ho-ho. That is a bad country to be a woman in. Dont get lost in a hike there. Youll end up on Youtube without a head, and theres no web redemption for that. [cheers and applause] [cheers and applause] […] I gave a commencement speech recently at a high school, and that didnt go well at all. A bunch of high-school kids, parents that are proud of them, and Im belittling the entire thing. And the administration got really upset with me. Theyre like, oh, uh, we didnt know you werent gonna take it seriously. To which I replied, really? You thought this was where I was gonna get serious? High school, how did you do it? [laughter] No. I refuse to give that generic speech. As I look out here, I see future lawyers and doctors. I gave the real speech. theres felons here. [laughter] some of you will die in a d.u.I. Accident tonight. Oh, Im sorry. Explain to me why a dose of reality before community college is a bad thing, because I certainly dont need to pander to the 1%. They dont need my little pep rally. Theyre gonna be just fine. Nobodys been a pile of shit their entire life and then turned it around because of the commencement address. Excuse me? No, no, it just clicked. So youre saying I can be anything? Oh, yeah, that sounds way better than what I was gonna do. I like this guy. Dont you love it when people in school are like, Im a bad test taker. You mean, youre stupid. [laughter] oh, you struggle with that part where we find out what you know? Oh. No, no, I can totally relate. See, because Im a brilliant painter minus my god-awful brushstrokes. Oh, how the masterpiece is crystal up here, but once paint hits canvas, I develop Parkinsons. [laughter] I apologize if theres a Parkinsons painter here this evening. I assume your best work is in the a.m. Probably gets a bit abstract by noon. [laughter] Hang in there, it gets worse. [laughter and applause] You ever hear this expression? The worst day of fishing is better than the best day at work. Uh, Ill call b.s. [laughter] Ive watched the deadliest catch on discovery. Ive never once been at work, capsized into 40-degree water, watched all my coworkers die and be like, hey, at least were fuckin fishin. Huh? Am I right, criminals? I mean, crew? [applause] […] Theres no excuse for domestic violence. It sounds like a challenge. [laughs] I mean, does everything have to be so black and white in this kindergarten country of ours? Theres no excuse. What if you come home from a long day at work and your wife has drowned two of your kids? Shes about to dunk the third one. Can you run over and pop her then? Unfortunately, no. Theres no excuse. Gonna have to let her drown that third one. What if you ask her to DVR the game, but she forgets to record the half-hour show afterwards just in case it goes into overtime? The point is theres a gray area. Yeah. And Im pretty sure my girlfriend found mine about two weeks ago. I asked her to record the game on ESPN, which she did, but not ESPN HD. And then she says, well, at least you still get to watch it. oh, yeah, yeah. No, I pay extra money so I can watch TV like poor people. I dont even feel bad for cheating on you this weekend. [audience ohs] We have a rule in my house. If Im ashamed, it doesnt count. You gotta plow a four to appreciate an eight. [laughter] Thats my mantra. Yeah. Ill come home from a road trip and be like, you are so beautiful. Shes like, oh, you must have been with a pig this weekend. I dont cheat on her. Its a joke. Dont get me wrong, I hate my girlfriend. I… Hate being in a relationship, but Im faithful. Thats the rule. You want your relationship to work, you have to be faithful. Uh, Tiger Woods, Jesse James, they thought they were above that simple rule. Theyre not. Nobody is. And you cant explain it to women either, like– my girlfriendll be like, oh, my goodness, like, you really wanna hook up with some skank? oh, oh, whoa. Its not you versus skank, honey. Its you versus every skank. Do you see how the scale shifts in the other direction at that point? Its like, shes a mighty spartan warrior. But theres all these Persian whores… That will eventually kill her. [laughter] She gets the message. [laughter] […] I hate tattoos. That being said, I have a few. Every year on my birthday, I get a small dash on my inner thigh where my balls currently hang. [laughter] You cant tell me thats not gonna be a beautiful work of art when its finished. My grandkids are playing with my balls, they cant figure it out. Theyre like, what the hell are these things? Im like, its your future. Read the chart. They dont stop growing. Theyre like earlobes. [laughter] That joke was inspired by a door that wasnt locked when I was 11. [laughter] […] How about those winter Olympics? They were exciting, werent they? Finally, we got to figure out which country can slide down a hill faster. Not Georgia. [audience ohs] ooh. Oh, Im sorry. Big luge fans, are you, here in San Fran? Take that luge seriously, dont you? The winter Olympics are pointless. Ill say it. Are you kidding me? I assume the only reason we have them is so white people feel relevant in sports, because other than that, the only thing the winter Olympics show me is which country has more rich white kids? Whats it cost to go skiing? $900 a day? oh, I cant believe thats not more popular in the inner cities. hmm. Hey, latrell, you wanna play basketball today? no, man, Im going to Breckenridge. oh. lah-dee uncle tom dah. Latrells going to Breckenridge. [laughter] I hate the summer games, for that matter. I just dont want parents to be rewarded for encouraging their kids to forfeit their entire childhood perfecting a sport no one cares about for 3 years and 11 months at a time, then for one month, I got to act as if the vault affects my patriotism. It doesnt. I hope you miss the jump and rib cage it. Yeah. Do that for old glory. Enjoy your eating disorder, ask your mom why you stopped growing at 43", and remember, every guy says hammertoes a deal breaker. Im not touching your feet, Mary Lou. Theyre disgusting. [cheers and applause] And how bad is that medal ceremony? Ugh. Its horrible. I hate our fuckin anthem. The national anthem blows. Are you kidding me? Do any of you have it on your iPod? What are you listening to? Oh, the national anthem. I love it. It just really gets me jazzed up. I want my own country. If one of my athletes medals, oh-ho-ho, its gonna be great, because my national anthems gonna be 32 minutes long just so bronze and silver go, what the fuck? How long is this? its like, knock it off, losers. Youre being very disrespectful. Theres a nine-minute guitar solo coming. Was that November Rain? [laughter] I dont know whats more embarrassing in this country– that Michael Phelps fell from the graces for smoking marijuana or that you looked up to a swimmer in the first place? [laughs] [cheers and applause] Are you out of your mind? Swimming? You mean that thing you instinctively do before you die? Yeah, but hes really fast. Its… Its pretty heroic. The first thing Michael Phelps should have done when that photo came out was call Kobe Bryants publicist, because Kobe was accused of rape. And all he had to do was settle in civil court for millions of dollars, change his jersey number, win a championship, and that soulless town in L.A. couldnt be prouder. Yeah, I just hope when parents let their kids run around in number 24 jerseys, they have the decency to be like, oh, come on. Number eight was the rapist. [laughter] 24 just has a great work ethic. And an unblockable turnaround. [laughter] [cheers and applause] […] Kangaroos cant hop backwards. Its not very funny, but you learned something. I dont care how drunk you get tonight, you will never forget that. Youll be in Australia nine years from now. Your friend will get attacked by a kangaroo, and youll instinctively yell, get behind him. Wait, how did I know to say that? How did I know to say that? Am I a wizard? have I always been a wizard? Well, then why dont I have a demon? [scattered laughter] I love snapple facts. I wish they would hire me. Id give em facts. Theyd be silly. Like, babies arent dishwasher-safe. People would be like, oh, my goodness. Who doesnt know this? well, I guess if they keep one baby out of the dishwasher, theyre doing a good thing over there. Thanks, summer peach. I prefer the teas. This is my impression of Johnny Depp before he leaves his house at night. If you dont know, johnny Depps 48 years old. I assume it goes like this. Hold on, guys, Ill be right with you. I have to put on another bracelet. I only have six on. I want to wear seven tonight. I know youre in a hurry, but I have to make sure my belt is askew and my handkerchief is just so, because Im almost 50, and I love accessories. Cool should have a cutoff. And my vote is 48. […] I like watching movies on DVD. I dont need all the extras. I dont need to see alternate endings. Theyre never that different. Theyre just longer, a few more swear words, and a boob that the general public couldnt handle. If youre gonna give me alternate endings, you better blow me away. Let me watch the mighty ducks with my nephew. Yeah, we watched the alternate ending where they lose the hockey game. Then they go back to the locker room. They start doing blow and jerking off on each other. Emilios dead in the shower. Youre like, holy cow. Whoa. Did you see the alternate ending? No, no, no, they went in a completely different direction. I think Disney was smart with the original. That alternate ending was a little too heavy for the kids. Thats Disney, always sneaking in subliminal stuff in our movies. Did you know theres a penis on the little mermaid box? You try to draw Ariel for six months and not put a dick somewhere. God, I love that fish half. Liberal. […] A little girl was killed in my neighborhood recently, which is sad, but it happens, not usually in white neighborhoods, but it happens. I think theres a pie chart that proves that somewhere. Small sliver, safer. She was killed on a street where people had been complaining for years that cars drive too fast. So reactive in nature as everyone is, after the horrible accident, they had a bunch of speed bumps put in. And I thought, wow, what a horrible way for their family to remember every time they drive down that road. Ba-boom. [whimpers] Natalie! Your mother and I miss you so much. But you are really doing a number on our suspension. No, honey, I told you we should have leased this car. Even in the afterlife, she makes us fight. Good riddance. Yeah, you see what happened there? In the beginning of this made-up story, you felt bad for the family. Now, at the end, you realize they werent fit parents to begin with. Weve all grown. Lets move on to some nonfiction. Do you remember when that kid was killed at six flags, had his head cut off by the roller coaster? Oh, man, the first thing that went through my mind was, wow, how am I gonna make this funny for everybody? Here goes. If you dont remember the story, he was on a church youth group. He was on a roller coaster ride. His hat blew off. After the ride was over, hes like, Im gonna go get my hat. And there was a big fence with signs on it that probably said, hey, cut your losses. And hes like, what? have you seen me in that hat? Not today, fence. And he went over it. And there was a second fence with more signs. Like, come on, knock it off. Hes like, you cant tell me how to live, signs. And he went over that fence. And on the other side, the story ends. Did he get the hat? Id like to think he did. Right? A small silver lining. Like, I told you Id get it. And then whack, right then. And I know he was on a church youth group, and they dont believe in evolution, but that kid was getting picked off sooner or later. Yeah. [laughter and applause] And if I were a family member, Id say 15 years was a pretty good run. But then again, Im half full. The real story, which nobody talks about until now, is how he was decapitated. It was a suspension roller coaster. A young lady, 25 years old, her leg is what decapitated him. Shattered her leg in over eight places. She had to have three surgeries and wear a cast for over a year. I dont know if youve ever worn a cast or not, but everybody and their mother will come up to you and be like, howd you break your leg? [laughter] She gets to be like, I fuckin punted a guys head 90 yards. Yeah. Top that, Janikowski. Oh, finally a raider reference that doesnt involve sucking. [cheers and applause] People have always told me I have a sick sense of humor. What do you say to that? I assume its relative. Who are you comparing me to? Carrot top? Then, yeah, Im a little blue. To my circle of friends, Im tame. My sisters off the charts. I play practical jokes on her constantly, though. I got her so good a few weeks ago. I replaced her pepper spray with silly string. Anyway, that night, she got raped, and she called me the next day, going, you son of a bitch. You got me so good. No, no, no, no, as soon as I started spraying him in the face. Im like, Daniel. This is gonna really hurt.' [singsong] Hot pocket. Thats how that joke ends. I had another comic friend of mine finish it. I hate rain. I understand the necessity for it. But when I walk outside, I prefer it to be sunny. Thats why I love California so much. Oh, and I think its because I wear a 35 inseam when Im clearly a 34. But Ive always liked my pants long in the back. I like em to hit the ground, naturally fray over time, but when it rains, oh. Am I right? The fray gets wet, then the pant leg goes up much higher than anything I ever stepped in. I just look down. Im like, aagh! Is this what the people in New Orleans went through? Because this is awful. Had I known it was that bad, maybe I would have helped. Next time, Trina 2, Im your savior. Do they name storms like sequels in movies? Because they should. Trina 2: Gods still crying. You want help, dont invest in property value thats below sea level. Youre welcome. [cheers and applause] [cheers and applause] […] People always assume Im a bleeding-heart liberal. What? Im conservative on almost all the key issues. I hate the poor. Ive said that forever. We need help. Yeah, weve heard. And some of you know I have a charity, but I did that for tax purposes. If youre not familiar with it, its called febrezing the homeless. [laughter] No, its not what some of you think. What I do, I go around, and I febreze homeless people. Is that what you thought it was? Well, this isnt a game show. Its nice. Who would you give a dollar to? The guy that smells like liquid garbage or ocean breeze? Its a no-brainer. Youre gonna make it rain on number two. Make it rain. Thank you, rap community, for continuing to keep women in their place, he said with heavy sarcasm. If you dont know, its when you throw cash on the hos. I came up with my own expression. I like to make it hail. Yeah, thats when you throw change on sluts. [imitates whooshing] Ow! Are those nickels? Yeah. Its a down economy. Im a baller on a budget, bitch. You see that? You see that? Keep an open hand. Thatll keep you out of prison. I dont know if thats true… Just in case anybody goes home tonight and decides to beat the shit out of their– I kept an open hand. Your honor, the comedian clearly stated… […] Some issues I go a little left on. I heart abortion. Fine. Wheres that t-shirt, urban outfitters? Ill buy one. Large, preshrunk, cotton-poly blend, overpriced, but very soft. Just says I heart abortion. not a regular heart, an unborn fetus heart that has been vacuumed out. Look at it. What, its okay for them to stick it on a poster board, shove it into some kids face thats making the toughest decision of her life, but I embrace it and Im the a-hole? Got it. Whats the back of the shirt say? Problem solved. It says, go back to being selfish. Your lifes not over just yet. Dont have to take all those failed dreams and cram em down somebody elses throat. Back of the shirts long. People may bump into you, like, sorry, I was reading that horrible shirt. Where are you headed? Sarah Palins house. [laughter] Speaking of awful parents, Joe Jackson deserves a lifetime achievement award. Holy cow. I like when people acted shocked that Michael died. Are you kidding me? Michael was on borrowed time as soon as he switched races. Dont act so sad over his death. Are you kidding? Theres a reason– theres a reason his reunion tour was in London. Nobody in America wants to watch a 50-year-old man scoot backwards. [laughter] [cheers and applause] […] I was making love to this girl recently. Lets say shes 19. Theres no bouncer in my bedroom. Youre in. She says to me during the act of lovemaking, Hey, Daniel, whats it like having sex with a condom on? Im like, how should I know? I didnt say that. We need time machines. What I said was way less romantic. I said, oh. Its a lot like picking up dog shit with a bag, which I thought then and think now is a spot-on analogy. Like, you know theres dog poo in your hand, but you dont freak out. [laughter] [applause] […] Sometimes when Im out at night and I see a group of women, I like to walk up to em and pretend that Im a judge at a dog show. And I just go, mm. third, second, first… In that order! [applause] They love it. They want to be judged. They spend a lot of time getting ready. Theres not a girl in here that wouldnt like to go home tonight with a blue ribbon on. Her friends like, where did you get that ugly ribbon? Oh, some guy at the bar thought I won. Katie didnt even place. I know. Its crazy. If I see a really hot chick, Ill grab her by the crotch and the throat and be like, best in show. Little heavy. Should have picked one from the toy group. Big can be beautiful, okay? Just not to me. I find you disgusting. Freshman 15s not a life sentence. Okay? […] Were too fat. Were just too fat. I was on a plane recently that was delayed over three hours at the gate because they ran out of seat-belt extensions. Do you even know what seat-belt extensions are? Seat belts only go this big. [laughter] Some people need an extra 6 1/2 feet of nylon to strap in, as if any collision would unwedge them. […] I love that the modeling industry gets attacked for being too skinny. Really, America? Youre not too big? Mm-mm. Is something in your mouth? Mm-mm. Do you know why they say that– that models are too skinny? Its because parents are horrible. They cant tell their 16-year-old daughter that shes not really a princess. Well, guess what. I can. If youre 16 years old and you think the only difference between you and Gisele is your waistline and not your busted face… Heres some advice– fill up the paxil, because life is gonna be really sad. If youre walking around like, well, why am I not a supermodel yet? Who are you even looking at, seabiscuit? Oh, I want to be a model. Do you want me to explain it to you? Lets start with your jawline. Thats not gonna sell a lot of makeup in the magazines. But Im skinny. you are a troll. My advice, have a twinkie, get real good at math, because life is not gonna be easy for you. Im sorry if this is your wake-up call, but being an ugly woman is like being a man. Youre gonna have to work. Yep. Thank you very much, you guys. Thank you. Thanks for coming out. [cheers and applause]

PATRICE ONEAL@ELEPHANT IN THE ROOM@2011@[Light funk music] * [cheers and applause] Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Im thanking one in particular. Bad titties in the front row. Thank you so much. Thank you, audience coordinator, for putting those titties up in the front row. God bless you. Those are distracting me. I was sposed to come out, oh, hey, hello. Henh. Meh. Meh, meh. Meh, yeah. Oh, yall here? Yeh, huh, meh. [Growls] You look lovely, though, by the way. Yes, you do. Yes, you do. Congratulations, my friend. Im glad yall here. Its very good. Yo, congratulations to you, my friend. Look at that white woman youre with. God damn! That nigga behind you going, yeah, son, Im wit my girl, but yo, for real? That white womans amazing, isnt she? Tell the truth! Hes wit his black girlfriend, like, naw, I dont– I dont know. But that, shes high level. Thats a high level white woman right there. That white woman is– that is– man, oh, man, oh, man! Black woman get mad at that. But that is top shelf white woman right there. You know how you can tell how pretty a white woman is? The value? You look at her, and then you wonder how long they would look for her if she was missing. [Laughter and applause] Come on, take a look. Take a look. Look at this nigga lookin. Look, look, look, look! Oo-ooooo. I saw you look mad, sweetie. How long, if you was missin, how long you think they would– how long you think– exac– she dont even– she went– you know the deal. I aint saying nothin wrong. White womans life is valuable. Whats his name, Joran van der Sloot? Right? We found out he was a serial kill– man, he kills women. Thats what he do. He do it well, you know what I mean? We know the girl that he– that he, you know, supposedly had, uh– whats the girl in Aruba? Natalee Holloway. Right? But the one– he just killed a girl in Peru. Whats her name? Um… Exactly. Look how fast you said Natalee. You said Natalee! * Natalee-e-e * Hollowa-a-a-ay * that angellll yall said that like Family Feud. Aight, name a white girl been missing for five years in Aruba. Ff–Natalee Holloway! Survey says… Name a Peruvian girl that was killed yesterday. What is that big-head, third world Peruvian bitchs name? Has to be Yorris or something goofy. Dont get mad at yourself. I gave it to you. You saw how fast she said Natalee Holloway. Diana Ross right here said Nat– she knew her name! Ha! [Hoarse feminine voice] That white girl was Natalee Holloway! Man, you caught yourself a whoo! God bless you, man. That is high level, right there. Dont be ashamed of it, gorgeous. She mad as hell. [Nasal effeminate voice] Fuck that white bitch. Nuh, nuh, nuh. You know–come on. Come on. Aint nobody lookin for you. I might look for ya. But the news aint. You– [grunts] You think Fox is reporting you missing? Lets be honest. Nancy grace? She lead story on Nancy Grace for the next six months. Look at er. Look, look, look, look. Im lookin at her cause she mad as hell. Black woman dont like that shit. But it is what it is. Lets be– aint gotta be like that. Lets just– lets be honest. That little girl that went missing, um– she was sailing? Little girl that went sailing, oh, forgot her damn name. But she went sailing and went missin in the Indian ocean, okay? And they spent… Good lord. Her mast broke, and she was floatin around. And she gave out her little signal, her beacon. They looked for her– they spent $500,000, like, tax money, to search for her. Now, if thats my daughter, I want that to happen too. But–but… If you go sailing… Lets be honest, how long you think– are they gonna spend five– come on. Remember– hey, remember football players in Miami went missing? They went sailing. They looked for them for eight minutes. Maybe. They just sent somebody at the edge of the beach. I dont– I dont see em. We have to call off the search cause theres too much sun. Uh, this sun, the conditions are abnormally… difficult. If I go sailing, Im taking a white baby on a keychain with me. Ha, ha! If my boat go down, they gon find me. Ima have it hooked right to the side of my belt. And Ima dress the baby real white too. Ima, uh, put sweatpants on it and a pair of Ugg boots, and Ima take a picture. Look at this white baby. You dont come get me, this white baby goin down with me. I hate how much fun black people can have racially, man. Its just– I can say anything I goddamn want, racially. And white people have to sit there and take it. Yeah, oh, I am evil, yes. See, its like, come on, man. I-I dont even say it cause of that. I, like– I-I-I love– I love a little racial– look, man, you know. Lets be fair. I mean– [sighs] Honestyd be nicer with the racial game. I mean, it–it–it– I like to st–ho– you know, white people about being honest about, uh, Obama. You gave it a shot. You did. You gave it a two-year shot. Like, oh, yeah, I tried. I tried to– we tried to– but you– its not– its not–its just f– it fell apart. It really– it really did. And Ima tell you something you dont know about black folks. We would be on your side, uh, you know, talkin to white people. We would be on your side a lot more if you would, uh, you know, just not ever talk about how you feel about anything racial. Well catch up to you. Now, serious. Cause black people on the edge of going, what the fuck is Obama doing? But its too many white people outwardly hating him, so we cant. We go, if you shut the fuck– if you shut up, Ill be your gangsta. Im like, stop– stop having rallies and all kinds of stuff. Im telling you, Im this close to– Im mad at him cause I thought I would have a white slave by now. I thought– I thought it was vengeance day. Thought Id have me a white family. Big ol fat white girl gon warm my bed up. Get upstairs, Susan. Warm my bed up. Feed my baby wit your giant white titties. And Im gonna go outside and stare your husband in the face and decide whether Im gonna sell him or not. Now, you know your wifes upstairs, warmin up my bed. You know that, right? Ph–Ph–Phillip. Thats uncomfortable, isnt it? Thats uncom– thats uncomfortable. I apologize. Thats uncomfortable. Cant we move on? Well move on. Well move on to somethin. They dont even like that in play. Thats uncomfortable, right? To think about that? But you know. What you gonna do? I like havin– look, day– my days are numbered. So I just wanna have as much fun as possible, you know what I mean? Im–Im 40, and, uh, and thats–thats– thats young in everyone else years. But, uh, in black years– I got, you know, high blood pressure. Diabetes. I am, uh– if you do the black-to-white life ratio, Im a hundred… and seventy-seven year old. Im old as a motherfu– Im old. And I wanna live, but heres where I messed up. I messed up my young years. And I realized something. Ima tell you, if youre over 40, and youre trying to better yourself, just–just sto– i–it–just–just– youre not gonna better yourself. And when I say youre not gonna better yourself, I mean better yourself like go back to when– you try to capture the things you used to do when you supposed to had did it, but you didnt do it. You feel me? So the stuff that you were 18 and didnt do, now youre 40, and youre going, Im gonna make a chan– its just– it nothin make me sick more than somebody 40 and say they in school. Like, what you doing? Im–Im going to school, blah. [Geezer voice] youre never too young to– never too old, and never too bl-bl-bl. Whole bunch of sayings. [Babbling incoherently] Shut the fu– the fuck up wit your old horse shit. Cause it aint– youre old. Your brain dont work. Your body dont work. You cant change your ethic. There might be two of you that changed your ethic. Like these fat people shows that are on tv. Where they got people, uugggh. Soon as that show is over, theyre fat again. Big fat fats. Fatty, thats what you are. I went to exercise recently, and I tried to change my life and exercise. After I finished, I was saying to myself, I gotta do this tomorrow? Like, nothing changed. I still got s– a lump. I dont care what it was. Something shoulda changed. Nothing. And I gotta keep doing this until maybe I see a change. I just cant. I dont have that ethic anymore. I shoulda did it when I was 18 years old. Like, I cant type. But I didnt realize how important typing was till right now. I fucked up all my good typing years calling people gay who was going to typing class. It was, like, me and six other dudes, like, what you doing, typ– you wanna be a secretary? What the–? What kinda pussy–? Man, man, come on, man. Lets go, uh, steal bread. We used to go steal bread and lunchmeat from the supermarket and make sandwiches and sell em during typing class. And now I cant type. If you cant type, and you try to be in a world with people who can, you–you– you feel irrelevant. You stop, you know? You say hello to some woman on the internet. Hi. And she come back with the seven-page memo. Like, hello, whap! You be like, really? For real? All those words? You saw me type, hello. And I yelled it, evidently. I–in big letters, it was saying hello. Really, seriously, you think I said, hello! Hiiii, bitch! Hiiiii! Is that what you think I did, for real? Yeah, really? Just send smiley faces, thats all I do. I know smiley emoticons. I know. I love those. Like, I cant spell– if I had to spell restaurant, to this day, right, to save my mamas life, like, if– like if somebody held my mama hostage and had a gun to her head, right, and says, nigga, spell restaurant. Man, I will– Ima shoot your mother in the head. Id be like– I would look at my mother like, uh, I love you. You better look at me, ma. Shes crying, wahhh. Understand that I– I love you with all my heart. Stop stallin, nigga! Okay, all right, all right. All right! All right, all right, all right, all right. R-e-s-t… Oh, my god. Heres where it gets– oh, Jesus Christ. Uh… Theres a ooh– its a ooh–uh– rest-ooh. Stoooooh-rant. Rah-went. R-rrrruant. Is the–its an a or a u. Aight, gimme another– gimme another word, man. Gimme another word. One more word. Just give my mother a chance to live. Tomorrow? Shit, shit, shit. Probably? God da– banana? Aight, banana, banana. B-a-n– b-a-n-n– a-n-n-n– is it– aint there, like, seven ns in banana? B-a-n-n-a-n-n… A-n-n-n-n…. A-a-n-a? N-a? Im, uh, irrelevant. How old are you, bro? 35. 35, Five years. Eh. How you feeling? You feeling– you feeling aight? [Inaudible] you feel like these young guys of, you know– you a football fan? [Inaudible] all your– your whole life? You notice how footballs whack now? Things are changing. It seems like– look, this–this may be old thinking, okay? Now, when I came up– you a football fan? No? Thats a–like– hes not. Like, what dude, like– that shocked me. Like, dudes are football fans. [Effeminate voice] Oh, I dont. Its a little too violent. Like– like– football… Its not like the game it– when I came up, dude, football was a gla– it was gladiators. It was angry. It was angry. It was just– like, when we hit somebody, when I played, if you hit somebody and he didnt get up, like, we didnt hold hands with the– with the other team and pray. Like, hold hands and all– everyone prays for him to get up. We used to do a Indian, like, sell a hump dance circle around him, like, man, look at you. Uh, uh. [Barking] I be like– and our crowds like, [singsong] * hes para-ly-yzed thats right. Ho, ho, ho! We be lookin for his mother crying, like, thats right, lady. Thats what you get for lettin him out here with killers. He cant even wiggle his toes. Take his socks. Take his socks. And we would tie his socks around our helmet for the next weeks– like, the next team. They knew, awww, thats the team that be tyin paralyzed nigga s socks around they helmets to scare em next week. And then– it aint like… We were thinking about harming somebo– its just, thats what we did. Right? Oh, look at this guy, just– look at this fuckin crew right here. You guys are hilarious. You okay, guy? You all right? You late for some test youre gonna have at 1:00 in the morning? Huh, intelligence face? Are you a big football fan? You like football? Yeah. You are? Sorta? I dont think so. I think you saw me tease this guy. Im just tryin to get us to understand, man, that you the future, okay? Im done. But theyre takin away– Im a neanderthal, okay? Theyre taking away what I used to just automatically think and feel, and now theyre just taking it away from you, so now even you look at dudes like me, like, older dudes, and go, oh, youre– its like self-policing. Men go, oh, thats not– you shouldnt– sss. Like, inappropriate is a vaginal word. Like, thats not a word. [Snooty voice] That is inappropriate. Like, is that coming from a man? Like, women say that. Thats womens job, is to say, [nasal voice] thats just–thats– [babbling] like, thats– men are supposed to do– were here to do foul things and have you go, ohhh! But now whats– wheres the balance? See, its–its– its ying and yang. The balance, it– you–you gotta liven up. You gotta be a little more– is that your woman right there? See, see guys? See how comfortable you are? You shouldnt be as comfortable as you are. You just–you can see him sittin up, unnngh, straight. And youre just lookin– hes just like– huh-huh, hoo-hoo, whatever you laugh at, Ill laugh at. Its not a good thing, brother. I feel it. Dont get mad at me now. Hes like, fuck you, fat f–boy. Cant type or read, huh, fat man? Im just sayin, man. I dont know how to type, but I do know what Im telling you. Im just–just– its, uh– like, ladies, lets discuss. I mean, look. Lets discuss harassment. For a second. Lets just– you feel it a little bit? Like, lets just discuss it. Why cant… I harass you? Sometimes. Sometimmmmes. I can never harass you? Never? And Im not talkin about– [growls] arrrgh! Ooga-booga! Like, Im talkin just… At the job. Its unfair that I cant harass you at the workplace. Like– you lookin how you lookin, and I cant just– a little somethin that has to do– like, you gotta be careful just to say, hey, you look beautiful today. Thats how messed up the game is. I think you should be able to comment on any part of the body that you see. If you– Im serious. Whats your name? Whats your name? Jeannie. Now, Jeannie, no disrespect. But if I work with you, I should be able to walk in and go, oh, Jeannie, beautiful, uh, titty meat you have there. And– cause I see that. But whatever the scientific term is– Im looking at mr. F– hey, 4.9 grade point average, whats the– whats the science term for, uh, t–the titty meat. Whats the actual– and its not the cleavage. I mean, the cleavage is the space in the middle. Im talking bout the meat. The meat, the titty part. And Im not bein foul. Just, you know, whoa. You know what Im saying? Just so I can go through the rest of the day without pretending… That I dont see what–what you– you–you understand what Im saying? I mean, lets work out a deal. Dont get me f-fired. Having women work with men, right, is like having a grizzly bear work with salmon. Dipped in honey. Like, so– now, you dip the salmon in the honey, right? Grizzly bears– and the salmon get to walk through, comfortable, with honey and fish, and, good morning, grizzly bears. [Grunts] And the grizzly bears is like, hey. It aint even– he cant even growl. Like, raawwwrr, whats up, fish? [Growls] Oh, my god, human resources. The grizzly bear just did grizzly bear stuff. So– so– like, I cant even go, hey, good morning. Good morning, fish. Good morning. Ohhh. I cant touch you. Like, ohhh, look at that. Ooh, Ima just get a little bit of that fish for a little bit. Lemme get that honey. Oh, my god, mmmm. Fish and honey, man. Thats my favorite. Usually I kill fish and eat em and stuff, but I just wanted to just rub that– rub a little bit of that. Mm. God damn. Thats oppressive. Like, you shouldnt even– and theres cameras everywhere. You cant do, like, weird stuff behind her back, like– why would it be disrespectful if I said– whats your name? [Inaudible] Tyrelle. If I go, hey, Tyrelle, we work together. And I go, Tyrelle, hey, do me a favor. Let me know when you gettin up to go to the bathroom so I can sniff your chair. Thats disrespectful because its sexual. But that keeps me from being– like, I think–look. I think there should be a holiday. For lack of a better word, harassment day. But not– that sounds whatever. But I mean a day where I get to find out– like–because– and this is why it should be harassment day, because women get to be inappropriate sexually all the time. You get to be inappropriate. And when I say inappropriate, I mean say hello to me too close. Hi! Mmm-meh. Or some weird massage cause you think were friends, and you, good morning, a little kiss, and hes just like, ohhh. Oh, boy, oh, boy. Boy, boy, boy. And you think in your head, man, I wonder if i– I wonder if I, you know– but harassment day allows you to be able to ask. All year, I say the Tuesday before thanksgiving. And its– and its a beautiful day. Flowers and everything. You buy her flowers, you just real cool. You walk up, youre respectful. You say, hey, how are you? You know, good afternoon to her, happy harassment day. And you just, like, say, listen, I was wondering all year if you would suck my dick in the broom closet. And you just be like, no, thank you, Im not– and youd be like, Im–thank you. Keep the flowers. I just thought– I made a mistake. I thought you was a ho all year. I was confused. I thought you was a ho, but youre not. Even animals, man. Animals smell it on us. They do. Animals smell somethings wrong. Like with the dog whisperer. He got animals. And Im a animal–uh– let me say this, man. I-Im a what they c– I dont know what the term is for, uh, extreme animal lover. Like, I-I get sick when I see animals suffering. And I know thats contrary to popular belief somehow. Somehow its spread out that black people, we– like, we hate animals. Like, we cant stand dogs and cats. And I-I dont get it. Thats the news doing that. Cause they only show dudes that hate dogs. Like when the Vick stuff was happening. [Deep voice] what do you think of Michael Vick and the dog? They just show– every dude they show is like, mm, dogs? Man, fuck dogs. I dont– Ill drown a dog in a bucket right now. Gimme a dog. Wheres a mo– wheres a dog at? Ill kill him. I hate dogs. I hate dogs. And then theyll show a white woman, like, tongue-kissing a dog in the mouth. Just to prove white people love dogs. And then they go back to him, and hes mad, like, look at this dirty white bitch, tongue-kissing devil. Devil bitch tongue-kissing a-a jackal in the mouth. Devil licking jackals! And then shes, like, shining, like– theres some weird war. They always want black people and white people to be at war, man, for some reason. How can you hate a– I dont– people who hate animals– like, I-I dont– Im not gonna go, I hate you. But it–it would be hard. It takes away a piece of how close we might– if you go, I hate animals. Like, somebody look at a baby seal, and go, oh, I cant wait to hit this motherfucker in the face. Fuckin hate baby seals. All cute. The fuck you lookin at, baby seal? Like– you ever see them sad animal commercials that come on, like, during– like, 4:00 in the morning, during threes company reruns? And they catch you out of nowhere. You be watching threes company. And then, [high-pitched voice] * ooh hooo like– and theyll show– it be a– like, itll be a kitten and they slow motion the kitten up, and the kitten– * ooh hoo-oo-oo and its a– kitten got a pencil in his head. Like, somebody stuck a pencil in his face. * Theres a pencil * sticking out of his * fa-a-a-ace then they put fun facts. 15,000 kittens are stabbed in the head with pencils each year. You be like, who is stabbing kittens in the face with pencils? Why? * Its a pencil * sticking out of his * fa-a-a-ace. Then theyll show a bunch of puppies shoved in a-a container or a cup. * Puppies in a cup * missin their feet * its wro-o-o-ong hi, Im white lady. Im here to say n i g g e r s probably did it. Fuck you, bitch, jackal-kissing ho! But Im not saying that dogs should be equal citizens, either. I love my dogs, man, but I-I cant– you know, its wrong to train em. And theyre outta control, and Im not really a Cesar Millan understander. I try. I try with what they– but I-I got a westie, a little westie, and a poodle. And I love my dogs, man. I let–and I let em go to the bathroom on the wee-wee pad in the house, man. I dont care. And everythings good when they do that. Cause they got little baby– you know, when they eatin right, the ba–the–the– they be nice, little– little– you know. I dont have– they dont have to scratch. They just, ugh, do they thing. And when they do they thing, everythings beautiful. I go, good boy, good girl, bow, and everybodys happy. But sometimes they just decide they gon try me and go– like, they have a meeting and go, you know what? Lemme see what happens if I piss on this good rug that he bought. Lets see. Why dont you– wanna piss on his rug? Who gonna do it? You in? Come on, one, two, three. Aight, Ill do it. Ill do it. And then the other one peekin around the corner, like, okay, okay. And just, ugggh. Its usually the westie. Cause he got the cutest look. The westie got the– got the sad, like, what did I do? Face. So I be like, what are you doing? Oh, come on, man. Why would you do that? And hes just, Im dumb. I dont know. I go, go ahead, boy. Come on, man. Everybodys happy. And then, like, cause when I was younger, this is how you trained dogs. It was no s– it was easy. You just put em down when they first get in the house. And you just hide around a corner, you know. And you just wait. You wait till they go to the bathroom where they aint supposed to. And soon as they crunch up and go to the bathroom– you gotta wait till the first– and then you just run. Mother fu– rraagggghh! And you j– you shove his face in shit. Aaaagh! Hows that feel, shitty face? Your face stink. Hows that? [Growling] there, what? Hes like, what? You choke em out, and hes– he start tappin, like, oy. You kick him. Dont shit on my rug, you mother–! And hell never shit there again. Like, he may go there. But here? Hell pull a cigarette out first, fore he– dear god. Whoo, somethin happened to me bad there. Im scared to even get near there. N i g  g a do heroine, he get near that spot. Ill kill you. That rug cost more than you, motherfucker! But Im trying to save you, man, cause you are the future, my friend. Cause Im finished. Im stuck. In a relationship, done. Done. This is a man in love. Here–heres the face of a man in love. And the face of a woman in love is like, [effeminate voice] yea, yea. Im in love. But the face… Of a man in like is like, yeah, man. I like her. And women are like, [effeminate voice] when are you– where is this going? Whys it have to go somewhere? Its just cool right now, like– Heres the best relationship in the world, is when the woman loves you… And the man likes her. So if I like you, and you love me, thats perfection. Because I like like. Like is like when– thats when hes happy to see you and happy to hear you, and you doing things that dont disrespect the happy. You lie about liking sports, and you do all kinda things. I know that sounds, like, ridiculous, but Ill put it in vaginal terms for you. Cause I see the faces, like, huh? And then guys go, hey, I dont know what youre talking about. Like, but I-I– but guys do. I f–I speak fluent dude, man. I-I understand how we are. Ima tell you why– okay, ladies, you– how many times has there been a guy in your life, or guys, where theres been men in your life who want to sleep with you, but you didnt want to sleep with him? Zillions. You cant count it. So what that means, theres a– theres a philosophy there, meaning you are sexable. He wants to sleep with you. But just cause you are sexable dont mean Im sexable. Right? Same thing with love. Just cause Im lovable… Doesnt mean that youre lovable too. Youre just likable to me. You didnt do for me what I did for you to feel that way. You understand what Im saying? It–it–its very simple. So if you just wait for me to love you, then you–youll be all right. You might have to wait a while. But men dont have the option to muscle you like you muscle us. You know, youve gotta either shit or get off the pot. Weve been together this many months, and its time for us to discover where– like, but men dont say nothin like that to muscle you, man. Thats–thats, you know– I cant go, look, weve been going out for a week now. Its–its–its, uh… Its time for you to roll these panties down cause… Its been too long I been buying you drinks, and you got to either shit or get off the pot. But when your woman loves you, its very difficult to get past that, man. A womans love is so beautiful, man. Mens love is not as beautiful. It aint pure, cause its work. Its job. I look at my girl laying there, I be like, god! Ohh, man! I want to call out sick from love. I be like, damn. But shes sleeping right there. I be wantin to give the call-in-sick voice. [Groans] I cant make it to love you today. I got a… [Groans] but when your woman love you, man, you feel weird. I try to start arguments with my girl all the time just so that she love me less, cause she just– the way she love me, its just too much. Im like, damn. It aint– its not necessary. But she loves, man. And love for a woman embodies everything. Its like… [Panting and moaning] shes concerned about my health. Aint no man in here ever ask how their womans health is, ever. Look at this nigga laughin. How long yall been together, by the way, bro? Two years. Two years. Have you ever asked her a health question? Never. It aint happenin. He never–we dont know when she, the last time she checked her titties for– for lumps. Anybodys man ever ask if you checked your titties for fuckin lumps? No! If you take pills, do your man go, have you taken your pills? No, we dont give a shit. Just knock your pills off the– whats all these pills, you sick bitch? Sound like maracas around here. Youre sick. And its not cause we dont care about you. Its just the way we care is not the way…you know. Men dont care about health in general. We dont care about being sick. I should be getting prostate checks every week. I should be at least doing my own prostate check. You can–if your prostates swelled up, you can put your own finger in your booty, right? To see if your prostate swelled, cause you cant– but look, all of that, Ill never know, cause Im not gonna stick– Ill let my prostate fall out my asshole first. Ill be walkin, itll fall on the ground. Ill be like, is that my prostate just fell out my asshole? And I still wouldnt go to the hospital. Ill call one of my friends on the phone. Hey, man, your prostate ever fall out your asshole? Whatd you do about it? Put some duct tape? All right, put some duct tape. Its beautiful, the love. Im telling you. Im diabetic, man, and–and, you know, Im not gonna find no woman that gives a–cares… Just off the street. Cause diabetes, look– first of all, I dont support it, all right? If I didnt have it, I could give a– its just, whatever, dude, really? Cant eat cookies, faggot? I dont care. [Laughing] but I got that miserable disease. Its just– its one of those– its deterio– its just a– its just a pain in the ass, cause I cant eat and drink what I want. Like, I can eat as many vegetables as I want. Patrice, you can have all the brussels sprouts you ever needed. It was like, oh. Why cant I eat pasta and cake? But you cant, and it hard. Its like being addicted. Food is, Im telling you– food is an everyday, like… Ill be like, oh, my god, man, food again? I gotta think about– every day, I gotta think. I go to sleep thinking about food. Tomorrow, like, what am I gonna do? Aight, today, I had salad and fruit, and I–Im gonna celebrate tomorrow by having a whole… Lamb leg, to celebrate how good I ate yesterday. Its just a suffering… And I understand being addicted. Any smokers? Smokers here? Anybody? Smoking? See, and thats like– and you a young man, but you know. You know. Its a–you dont– youre good people. You dont want to die. Smokers are like– [inhales] you just know youre dying, like… Man, oh, man, dog. [Puffs, exhales] and you gonna get cancer, like, you know you gonna get cancer, and youre giving other people cancer. Youre like…[Blows] youre like, Im not a bad person, I just cant keep it– I cant keep it, uh… Down in my system here. And then the pack of cigarettes, they used to say things like, uh, cigarettes possibly might cause you to be ill at some point in your life. Now they say it will kill you, and you still… And then you got the cigarette boxes in Canada. You ever see Canadas cigarette boxes? They got dead babies on the box. Like, it just be a dead baby. Can you imagine smoking and rationalizing? [Laughs] imagine you tell yourself, you say, man, Im glad I made it past his age. Goddamn. How old was he when he started smoking? A day old? Jesus, slow down, nigga, use a filter. I saw some white chocolate-covered Oreos. Oreos dipped in chocolate, man. I wa– I could–it was– I was in tears, like, knowing I shouldnt eat it, but I was in pain, like, going, oh, my god. And Im talking to myself, I cant eat these cookies, man. And theyre callin me, and Im praying to god, and Im–and Im lactose intolerant, but, like, if I eat these cookies, I gotta drink milk too. Ima go out like a soldier. Its like, whatever. And then you say all kind of weird stuff to you to rationalize eating them. Ill be like, you know what? I dont need both my feet. Im not a… Im not a ballerina. All I need is one so I can drive my car. Ima tell you a quick love story, man. This will sum up how much my girl love me, and its amazing. Um, you know, like I said, Im diabetic, man, but, um, you know, its a true story. When we have sex, were really, uh… Really dirty, man. Were really dirty. We pee on each other and the whole… But thats–get past that, cause this is true love, so… So Im– were having sex, right? About two years ago this happened. Were having sex, and then, uh, afterwards, shes like, you know, that was good, but I think we gotta go to the hospital and get you checked out. I said, why? She said, cause youre pee tastes like birthday cake. And… Isnt that love? If you can get past the pee part, thats love, right? When shes like, oh, your pee is too delicious. I dont– I dont like that. She didnt go, you peed in my mouth, you nasty– shes just like, oh, my god, your pee tastes– I done like the way it tastes. It tastes scrumptious. What Ima do? You see these three goofy girls look, they like, if he pee in my mouth, blah blah blah. Blah blah-blah blah-blah bluh. That means youre not gonna love me to the degree that I need to save my life, are you? No. I dont need you. I dont need you if you cant taste my pee and go, somethings wrong. You need to go check yourself. You judge me. [Laughing] [laughs harder] Thats your woman, bro? How long you guys been together? Ten years? Wow. Good, good. How long? 2 1/2, 3 Years? Yall goin– yall goin raw? You stick it in raw? You do? Okay, you put it in– you put it in raw? Look it, she punched him. You know what? Let me explain, she just hit him in his arm. Ima explain something to you. The quicker that a man goes raw, it makes him look like, you know, go ahead, pimp. You got it in raw. The quicker the woman goes raw, it makes you look– yeah, loose. It makes you look bad. Cause safe sex is a womans responsibility. Cause men are trying to do it the first second we meet. Look, my protection is just, I do this. And I just go… [Laughs] just not AIDS, god. Please dont let me get sick and die. It is your responsibility. Yep. When did yall decide to do it? How long did it take, bro? How long did it take? A while. It took a while? Whats a while? Whats a while to you? Hey, did you do the old bagless trick, where you would just slowly, like, just try to put it in without… And you just, hopefully, she stop you? That old trick? Like, okay… All right, its getting close, and I think Im gonna… I aint got nothin on it yet. And then it start getting real close. You be like, no, she gonna let me– ohh! This dirty bitch! [Screams] we both gonna die you let me put it in? Oh, we gonna die! She just let me go raw! [Screams] But we wont stop, though. Aw, come on! Stop me! [Laughing] And I cant use no condom no more. Its over– condom days. I put a trash bag on my shit, it just– * wah wah like the wah-wah music? * Wah-wah its just dead. I have to see if my balls can fit in there too. Like, all right, hows that, baby? They both in there soft, but his balls and dick is in there. You okay? Hows that feel? Filled up? You feel filled up? Ima do–Ima show you something, ladies, right? Ima show you something. Heres why you should be responsible for safe sex. All right, how many guys in here, honestly, have used a dental dam before? [Pop pop pop] [pop pop pop] [pop pop pop pop pop pop pop] Do you know what a dental dam is? You do? No ones ever used on before, huh? See? See what Im saying? You see what Im saying about the condoms? Yall just like, put that condom on, but, you know, the dental dam is a piece of a trash bag, right? About as big as a napkin that you flip out, and you lay it over a womans vagina just in case, you know, its–its poison. To protect us from imminent danger, but we dont use it cause youll be insulted. If Im getting ready to have sex with you, and I pull out a piece of a trash bag… And you go, uh, what is that? Oh, Im just gonna lay that over your vagina just in case it kills me. Im sorry, what did you say? And we see that face? Nothin, forget it. Dont even–pretend you didnt see that. Id rather die than to insult my way out of some pussy. Id rather just get what you got. [Laughing] No offense, but thats us. We are not like you. Understand that. Were good creatures, special– we are, but were just not like you. Were not like– we dont tell the truth, and the reason is because we cannot. Truth is, uh… Heres what truth is. Truth is a feeling that goes from your gut to your mouth instantaneously. Women get to be truthful. You get to say… And you say any kind of foul, cause you dont have an editing– it just comes up. I just– two plus two is seven. [Squawks] just say it. [Squawks] I dont care. And you be like, its–its four. [Squawks] it aint. Its whatever I want it to be! [Screech] [squawks] Ima talk if I feel like it. [Squawks] And… Men dont do that. We cant be honest with you. Man truth is cruel. If we told you the truth all the time, thats cruelty. Men–men go from our gut, and then it stops at the heart, where we edit it. We edit what this was. What this was was gonna be foul, so Im not gonna say what this was. And then, it goes into the brain for further… Touch-ups. You know, analysis. Mmm, okay. All right, that sounds good. And then you say it. We dont just spew stuff out, man, because how we really feel about you, it just–its not– its not cool like this, how we feel about you. You said ten years? Let me ask you a question, honestly. Whats your daydream on how to kill her? You want to get me killed? Heres where youre messing up. Ima tell you where youre messing up. He goes–he says to me, hey, man, you trying to get me killed? So you see how we cant tell the truth? The–the lie, right? That means that he thinks about it. Do you understand what Im saying? You should say, I dont think about killing my woman, but you go, you tryin to get me killed? If I tell you how Id kill this bitch, she gonna kill me! So you might as well get it out now. How do you kill her, man? Just so she know. How do you daydream about it? Spit it out. Shes looking at– its over. Just– sweetie, Im trying to let you understand what youre dealing with. Im just saying the fact that youre alive means he didnt go through with it. He just–and Ima tell you why– why guys think about killing their women. Its cause we love you. Because I want you out of my life, but I dont want to hurt your feelings. So Id rather you be dead, than to break your heart. So we think about, how do we kill this– and get away– how do you do it, bro? Ill tell you how I kill my girl. I put a pillow over her head and shoot her twice with a silencer. [Imitates silenced gunshots] And the feathers come up, and I look under the pillow, and her eyes still be open, and I close her eye– I close her eyes and shit. [Kiss] And I kiss her softly on her face, but shes dead. You might as well spit it out, cause itll help you now, cause you can blame it on all– the whole situation, instead of later when shes like, so, you know… Youre Puerto Rican, right? Cuban. Cuban? Oh, lord have merc– like, whatever, shes– whatever accent and whatever anger she does in Spanish, shes gonna be on you, so you might as well just say it, think about it. Cause she gonna be on you. What is it? What do you, you know. And look it, I dont condone violence against women, but I do condone thinking about it, because sometimes its like, how do I get you out of my face? Its just like, what do you do? When a girls in your face, ahh! Especially black women, cause, you know what? This is probably more important to white women, cause white women, you do stuff to get killed. People kill you. Your husbands kill you. Black women do stuff to get hit. Like, they make you want to hit em, cause they be in your face, like they could whup your ass. Blah blah blah, blah-blah. You be like, Ima put this bitch through a fish tank. Dont get in my face, cause I cant even hit you. I cant even poke you hard. Like, dont– dont press me like that. What you gonna do? I wish you was– like, oh, my god, man, get out of my face. And Ive never hit a woman, man. Ive never needed to. And I been–been, like, wow, man. This would be so much easier if I could, but I just… You just… Like, I never even mushed a woman. Anyone ever get mushed? You ever get mushed? You know what a mushing is? You dont even know what mushing is. Do you know what mushing is? You do–yeah, see. Look at the black girl right there. Go ahead, show her. Show her. She put her whole hand over her face. Its a–its– its a non-violent… Movement… When youre in my face, aah! And its just to– it just moves you… And sometimes a twist. Its just, get out of my face, please. I dont ever want to mush, and Ive never done it Ive come close, but Im too scared. I dont want to go to jail over nonsense, man. Jails– I dont want to do that. Push–I dont want to mush a girl. Get out of here. She stumble back, crack her head, and… You know, shes laying on the ground doing the, uh… The Hulk Hogan from the 80s, like… Im like, oh, my god. Im lifting her hand up like the referee. Like, oh, come on, bitch. Please get up. And shes just… And on the third one, Im hoping she go like this, like, oh! [Laughs] Im still livin, brother! And youre like, okay! Okay! Oh-ho! Oh-ho! Oh, shes livin! [Laughing] White women, though, Ima tell you why you get killed, and this is a f– Im from Boston, man. I got a PhD in white people, man. I grew up around them. White women, you dont scream at your men. I never seen a white woman really go aah! At your man. What? What? But you do something different. You dont scream, but you–you, uh… You say, like, really terrible things in his ear so only he can hear it, and it starts to, like, abrade and whittle his spirit down. Like really foul stuff, but nice, like, you know what, your mothers breath stinks. You be like… Whend you get close enough to my mo– I dont have to. It stinks from here. And Im gonna fuck your friend Phillip. Im gonna fuck Byron as soon as you go to work. And then, this is over years, and you just– you just– until all you got left is murder. You just kill her, cause you got no more spirit left. The spirit is gone. Serious, man. If you want to understand men, ladies, look, Im here for you. Im just telling you what we are. What we are, you know, not who we are. What we are. Just like what we are that makes us struggle. And, really, men are perfect creatures, except for, you know, one… Like, if most women would want to be a man if you didnt have to give up that power that you have, which is our weakness. Thats our weakness. Its very difficult. Im telling you, man. Like, I dont want to want to be with other women ever. Like, I want to just walk down the street and go, I never need to look at another woman again, cause Im with the last woman Im ever gonna be with. And Im like… But it aint real. Its just… Like, no guy wants to cheat and hurt his woman, man. That hurts. First of all, think about what cheating is for a second, ladies. Cheating is a man, he sneaks out of his own house to go, like, find some happiness behind your back so your feelings arent hurt. Cheating is for you. Its not… Its not for me. We dont want to hurt you. If you gave a lie detector test to a man and a woman and asked them the same questions, man, we would pass them both up to a point where its like, hey, ask a woman, you love your man? You love your family? You love your home, you love what you built? Yep. All right, you see Brad Pitt or Denzel Washington or whatever standing there, would you risk everything you built with your man just to sleep with him? And women, look, theyll go nah, I wouldnt. And theyll pass the test. Theyll be like, eh, you know, they look good, but I wouldnt. Ask guys the same thing, you know, boom, love your woman, the kids, the hou– yeah. All right, you– you see that girl passed out behind the dumpster? Would you risk everything for a passed-out woman behind a dumpster? I dont want to, but look at her with garbage on–she looks so cute with garbage on her. You ever discuss threesomes, gorgeous? You never had a threesome discussion with your man after ten years? Like, just even talked to him about it. Just a talk. Like, cause itll make him– wouldnt just a nice threesome talk make you feel like, oh, man, just cool that she lets me get a little bit of that evil out, right? And by the way, ladies, a threesome is two girls and a guy. The girls be thinking, what about? Two guys and a girl is a train. That is… Me and him. I dont even know him. And he better not look me in the face. Like, what– nigga, just get your dick sucked. Why are you staring at me? Let me fuck my half of the torso. Catch this nigga blinkin at me while Im trying to fuck my half of the body. Damn! Damn, man! nigga dont have train etiquette. [Laughing] You dont understand that, right? Women dont relate to that crap, cause you dont understand how much, uh… To get sex for a guy, man, its hard. Its harder to find– its harder to get sex than it is to find love. I swear to god. Women hold–you gotta be smooth to get– Im tellin you, to get through that, because women are like the beefeaters from, uh, England with the big hats, and them dudes be… Who goes there? You trying to, like, charm your way into the palace, and you just be like… Tickle, tickle, baby. Tickle, tickle. And shes just, youre not gonna get through! Oh, come on. [Babbling] and–and thats skill. Women, you dont have it, cause you dont need it. You dont have to have swagger to get some tonight. You dont. You can just point at it. You can look at a guy, right, catch his eye, and go like this, and hell go, me? And then you just point right here. And dont be sexy. Dont be like, ooh. Just– [grunts obnoxiously] and hell look around for a minute to make sure it aint a trick, like… [Grunting and yelling] monsters is giving out pussy, man. What Ima do? What Ima do, say no? Were like, uh… Im trying to, like, make it so women just, like, understand a little bit, like, just to sympathize. Its like were like sport fishermen. This is what Im sayin. Thats what men are. We–i mean, being with one woman… I mean, for real, ladies, if you just said thank you to your man for being faithful. You just go thank you, man. Thank you for fighting. Hed be like, damn. And if you– if you told his friends that you thanked him for fighting hard and not cheating, his friends would be like, what? Like, they would look at you like you was amazing. Its simple. Men like to fish. And sport fishing is different from catching fish for food. You just get it– you get it, you catch it, and you, you know… You show your friends. Cause you want them to know that you can catch fish. You take a couple of pictures so you can show people the fish that you have the ability to catch, and then you release it back into the water. But a lot of women in here, you have boyfriends or husbands, you were fish that jumped back on the boat… And just was, like, flapping, looking at me, like… Hi. I was wondering if youre gonna be fishing here again next week, like… Yeah, for other fish. Get off my boat. Is that how you treat all the fish? You be like, oh, goddamn. No, Im sorry, sweetie, youre the last fish I ever wanted to be with. Now youre stuck. Stuck with the last fish, who was loving you and fighting hard to be on your boat, then she got comfortable, and now, instead of doing this, shes like, so… Weve been together for, like, a year now. Why do you still have a boat? You be like… So what you trying to say, I cant catch fish no more? Why do you need to catch a fish? Because if I lose my ability to catch fish, then you not gonna find me sexy no more, so you gotta smell fish on me so that you know I can catch fish so you can act right. Thats like, guys, you meet your girl, she was a ho. Like, had ho– like she, big ol booty and this and that. You gotta let her do that. Dont start trying to frump her up and get her fat and get her foul. Cause thats why you like her. I dont want no woman that no other guys trying to fuck. I dont want a woman that I can send to the store at 2:00 in the morning, cause nobodys gonna try to rape her. Like, I go, go get some bread at 3:00 in the morning. Hey, cut through the alley, bitch, cause… Girl, I talked to the junkies. They dont want it. They dont like you. [Laughing] And Im just– to be fair to women, um, you know, its… Look, god has been very cruel to you. Being a woman as a creature, I think its just unfair. I wouldnt want to be a woman. Its just… I mean, like, your period, like, I look at that and– and see what my woman go through every month. Like, if my nose bled every month, I think I would kill myself. I would be like, mother–oh, my god, man. You gotta stick something in your nose with a string hanging out. Gotta take that out, what, every seven seconds or whatever. And five days before your nose bleeds, you know its gonna bleed, but you dont know when, so you just sittin there like, when is my nose going to start bleeding? Oh, my god! And then if your nose dont bleed when its supposed to, youre like, oh, my god! My nose is supposed to be bleeding by now! [Crying] Ima go to the hospital if its not bleeding soon! And yall get horny and… My woman gets horny on her– oh, my god. And I aint down with that. And I see her face, like if I would do it one time, it probably would change her life, like she would be just so grateful, but I just cant. Shes like, come on. You know, come on. Just… Just lay a–come on, lay a towel or something down. And I was gonna do it one time, but then I googled the whole cycle. Theres all kind of stuff hap–I dont… I sharpened a mop stick. Every month, I just poke her, I go, yah! Get back! Yah! Back! Get in the closet! Get out of here! Slide her some raw meat under the door. Eat that for a week! Ha! Get back! Its shocking. Like, I know, look, like I said, Im 40. I can feel… I can feel my sex drive, right? I still love women, but I dont feel like– I dont feel like having sex like that. But I still love looking at em, like, oh. But heres what god did for men. He turned my horniness into creepiness. Like, so… I can have a good time sitting at the mall watching chicks tryin on sneakers at the Foot Locker, with the creepy face, like… Mmm! Im good for the day. But women, you dont get creepy. You get hornier as you get older. Its weird, you want to do all your sexin between the ages of 30 and 50. Thats when you want it. But heres how sad things are. The value of vaginas only good from 18 to 29. Pussy get old like bread, not like wine. It– I dont want the waiter to bring me a vintage glass of twat. Hed be like, would you like a 52 le stinky vagina from the funk-funk region? Youd be like, ugh! You aint got a better year than that? You aint got a… [Laughs] got a 89 down there? Give me a 89. I dont care what it is. Water, just 89. Im not saying you not sexy if you– if you 40 or whatever. Im not– youre beautiful, whatever. Im just saying 20 is just… 20. 20. Whos 20 down here? How old are you? Older than 20? I hear it in your voice. You sound like you chew cigarettes. Shes just like… As cute as you are, you can hear it. [Gravelly] Im older than 20. Cause women who are not 20– did you see what happened? She raised her hand fast. [High-pitched] 20! Yay! [Gravelly] ahem, um… Older than 20. 20 Years–god. I bet you your pussy tastes like hope. [Laughing] Im sorry. That was just ridiculous. But thats the difference. Difference between 40-year-old cooch and 20, its the amount of time I wait. Thats it. 20, I wait forever. Just wait in the corner, like, oh, its gonna happen. I am going to wait for this 20-year-oldness. 40, I– a date. Two dates. Two dates, and then you gotta start rollin them old drawers down. From where it is, pulled up to the bra. Im not saying youre not sexy if youre 40– Im not. Im just saying, its the time, thats it. Like, I want it now. If Im willing to eat some stale cracker jacks, Ill eat some stale cracker jacks, but I want em right now. If I say, hand me them stale cracker jacks right there, and you go, come and get em, Ill be like, just throw em on the floor. They old. The box is open theres no prize in it. Where the magnifying glass? One peanut? Get that–get out of here! Making me crawl around for old cracker jacks. And you will laugh at that, ladies, if its just not fun for you. Nothings fun. Sex isnt fun. Sex is so much fun for dudes. Cause we got a money shot. You dont understand what its like to see– the–the–feeling. Like, we both have orgasms. Uhh! Uhh! But men have a receipt. Like, we… We see it, and its a payoff. You be like, I am satisfied, cause thats what it is. Look at it. You dont think youd be happier, ladies, if you could just have a– if you could just shoot a couple of eggs in a guys face? You just–fff! Fff!– Right on top of his forehead? You want to be happier? Get on–fff! Unh! And hes just sitting there. Fff! Unh! And you go, aw, that felt good! Go in the bathroom and wash your face. Hes walking to the bathroom… [Spits] ohh! Wiping his eyes. Why are you so aggressive? You like, shut up, faggot, and… Hurry up and make me a grilled cheese sandwich. [Laughing] Call your friends on the phone, I just egged on the top of his head. Dont tell your friends our business! Shut up! She already knows I egg on the top of your head already. Hey, I gotta go, man. Yall take care of yourself. [Cheers and applause] Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you guys. Thank you. Thank you. Appreciate it.

JO KOY@LIGHTS OUT@2012@[hip-hop music] L.A., are you ready? [cheers and applause] Live from the Alex Theatre, give it up for Jo Koy! What? What? Oh, shit. Wow. Were in Los Angel– This is why I love coming home to Los Angeles. This is my home right now, man. [cheers and applause] This is where we do it. Like, just look around, man. Everyone, just look at this, man. Like, we got every color of the rainbow in the theater tonight. Thats when you know youre in L.A. I mean, we got–like, you can smell each race in here. You know what I mean? I can smell every– like, you can– Theres, like, some tortillas right around here. Chicken and waffles right around… Right around this area theres a chicken and waffle… Some Filipino food all over the goddamn place. [cheers and applause] Is that–is that– How many Filipinos in here right now? Let me just hear how many Filipinos. [crowd cheers] Shit. Thats a lot of Filipinos. Somewhere in Glendale, theres an empty hospital. No nurses working tonight. Nurses day off. Just doctors walking around, going, Wheres Bernadette? [Filipino accent] Shes at the comedy show. [chuckles] Thats how Filip– Thats how those Filipino nurses talk. Like, the ones that didnt come to the show, the snitchy fuckin Filipino nurse. Shes pissed off that she didnt go. All the other Filipino nurses came to the show. Now shes telling the doctor, Shes at the comedy show. I was in the break room, and her purse fall down, ticket fall out, it says, Jo Koy. And shes at the show, laughing, having good time. If youre not Filipino, thats how they talk. My mom talks like that. Right? It doesnt matter how exciting the news is, my moms face always looks depressed. Most exciting news in the world, depression on the face. Its your sisters birthday. Your brothers getting married. Oh, that sucks, Mom. My mom would give the worst advice. The worst advi–Thats why I had to leave my mom. Worst advice. If I go to the bar, my moms the first one to call me and go, Josep, are you going to a bar out there? Are you going out there? To those bars? That bar? Yeah, Im going to those bars, Mom, why? Which bar? Which bar, Josep? Which? Like she knows all the fucking bars. Im just going to a bar. Why, Mom? Why are you call– I got to go. Well, because, Josep, the reason why Im asking you… Thats how my mom talks to me. Shes got to fucking sing. Jo-sep, the reason why Im telling you why what bar is because theres people out there putting drugs in the drinks. What are you talking about, Mom? Drugs, Josep, drugs. They call it rupie.' Did you say, rupie? Yes, Josep, rupie.' You mean roofie? Yes, Josep, ru-pie.' Mom, why? Why are you talk– Because, Josep, what it is is they put it in the drinks. And its a date rape drug. Mom, Im all right. I-I-I dont think anyones gonna rupie me. So, thank you. Im late, I got to go. Thank you for the advice, but, uh, Im gonna be okay. And then she gets mad. Oh, okay, Josep, you know what? Then just go. Go, Josep. Go to those bars. And drink several drinks. And put them all over the bar. Someone will put a rupie in one of those drinks. You will drink it, fall asleep, you wake up, theyre fucking your ass. Fucking your ass. And then youll wake up– My butt hurt! You got rupied. Just a side note, any guy thats ever roofied a girl, youre a piece of shit. Thats fucked up. Roofie a girl. That is such bullshit. You roofie a girl. Are you kidding me? Thats horrible. Dont roofie a girl. This is what I do… Creepy guys, listen up. Dont roofie a girl. Thats illegal. This is what I do. When youre out drinking with a girl, all right, use the voice that she thinks she hears when shes being roofied. Its hysterical. She doesnt know what the fuck is going on. Like, right when she takes a sip out of her drink, just look at her and go, [deep, distorted voice] How are you feeling? Wha–Wha? I said, How are you feeling?' I dont feel good. You dont look good either. [low chuckle] [chuckles] There are some guys here that are gonna try that shit tonight. I swear to God. You creepy fuckers. Dont do it at the bar across the street, youll get caught. Buy a girl a drink, and look at her, and go, How are you feeling? And shes like, I was at that show, asshole. – I was in my first earthquake. It was about– it was about four years ago or five years ago. It was with my son. It was the first earthquake I was ever in with my son, and, uh, it was so funny, cause he was sitting–he was sitting on the couch like this watching, uh, TV, right? And, uh, and Id just got out of the shower and Im toweling off. Now, if youve never been in an earthquake, it lasts maybe, what, three seconds at the most? But it feels like eternity, right? So I just remember– Id just got out of the shower, and Im toweling off, and then all of the sudden, everything starts shaking. Just… [imitates rumbling] I was like, Oh, fuck, earthquake, right? So I had to go get my son, and everything was like slow-motion, so I started running to the living room. It was like, [slowly] Jo! Jo! Jo! Wet, naked. Jo! Jo! I came around the corner, and my son looked at me like this… Aah! Jo! Jo! Aah! Jo! Jo! Aah! And the earthquake stopped, so I put him back on the couch, and I kissed him. I go, I love you. And I walk back to the room, wet, naked. And I was toweling off, and I started thinking to myself. I was like, Should I tell him what just happened? He has no idea what the fuck just happened. He was just watching SpongeBob SquarePants, and his wet, naked dad came running around the corner going, [slow] I love you, Jo! So I didnt tell him. Fuck it, Im gonna let it sit in the back of his head for the rest of his life. Every time theres an earthquake, hes gonna go, Oh, shit! Do you see my dad? You see my dad? [slow] Jo! If you dont have kids, all right, theyre a joy. I love my son to death, man. Hes eight years old–hes the love of my life, all right? But if you dont have kids and youre thinking about having kids, cause I know theres some people in here like, Im ready to have a kid. I want to be a mommy, and theres some guys like, I want to be a daddy. Um, shut the fuck up. Shut up. No, youre not. Youre not ready. Look at me. Look at this. Look! Take a close look. I used to have long, beautiful hair. Its gone! Pull out. Pull the fuck out. Its your only option. Use it. Pull out. This is all you got to do. Ha! Baby, no baby. Minivan, sports car. Theres parents in here too. I see you guys. You dont even have to tell me youre a parent. You dont have to applaud. You dont have to say shit. I know what a parent looks like. Parents recognize parents. We just know. When I said, pull out, there were some parents in here like, Yeah, I should have. Parents dont want to go home. You guys are laughing and having a good time right now, but in the back of your head, youre like, Fuck… I hope hes asleep. And hes not. Hes not. When you go home, theyre waiting for you. You know why? Cause your babysitter fed him fucking Cocoa Puffs and chocolate milk for fucking dinner. So now theyre standing by the front door like fucking crackheads. And theyre always holding heavy shit for no reason. Just naked with a box of LEGOs. And then you open the door, Daddy! Go to sleep! My sons got to tell me six hours worth of shit in two minutes. The minute I walk in, hes got to tell me everything he did while I was gone. Daddy! Youre not gonna believe this, but I played NBA 2K11 in 3D, Daddy! Blake Griffin dunked the basketball and the ball came right at me, and I was like, Oh, my God, that is so cool! Daddy, I made a basketball out of LEGOs, but Mommy said I cant throw it in the house cause it might break a window! Daddy, I tried Yoo-hoo for the first time. I like chocolate! [cheers and applause] Love my son. Any new parents out there? This is my only suggestion, right now. This is the only thing I can give you as another parent is take a lot of pictures and take a lot of videotape– as much as you can. And actually, every time your kid goes, Mommy, pick me up. Daddy, carry me. Pick em up. Carry em. Dont look at em and go, You got legs, walk! Dont do that shit, cause they grow up that fast, and theres gonna come a time where they dont want you to pick em up anymore and youre gonna miss those fucking days. Im gonna hold my son till hes 20. I dont give a fuck. Were gonna be at the mall, my sons gonna be like, Dad, this is ridiculous. Just hurry up and burp, son. Take a lot of video. Capture every moment. Its called evidence. Everything that makes your son cry or be sad, get it on tape. Use it against him. The worst day of my sons life was his first day of school. He didnt want to go to school. Kept crying till 3:00 in the morning. Crying all night, I dont want to go to school, Daddy! I want to stay home, Daddy! I dont want to go! Im a good boy! I dont even know those people, Daddy, and youre gonna make me go to school! I dont want to go! [whining incoherently] I want to stay home! And Im like, Jo! Go to sleep! Its 3:00 in the morning! Go to bed! Baby, youre gonna have fun in school. You get to learn things in school. You get to meet new friends in school. You get to play with your new friends at recess. Youre gonna have fun, baby. Daddys gonna take you to school, so why are you scared? Im gonna be there for you. And then I was like, Oh, shit, I got to get the camera. I got to get all this crying on tape. That way, when he gets older and starts talking shit, I got that tape. Cause you know how little boys are when theyre 16. They talk shit to their dads. Its like, Dad, why are you a dick all the time? And I go, Really? and I pop the tape in. What about that, bitch? But that didnt happen. I brought him to his first day of school. My son grew up just like that, right before my eyes. Turned into a little man. Teacher said his name, he walked right past me. I tried to kiss him, he did that Matrix shit on me. Standing in the single-file line like this, holding his backpack. And these two little boys that obviously went to preschool together. Theyre in the same class. They run up behind my son. This is gonna be fun. Were gonna have fun in kindergarten. Were gonna have fun in kindergarten! My son doesnt even know these kids, but he keeps looking at them, trying to engage in some type of conversation. Like, [childlike voice] Yeah, this is gonna be fun. Yeah, I-Im gonna be your friend. [growls] Look at my ting-ting. [laughs] Im across the auditorium, Im recording everything, and he sees me. So I mouth to him. I go, I love you. I love you. And my son goes like this… What a dick, right? And then a teacher goes, All right, were gonna take the kids to class, and even if your kid starts crying, dont come with us cause were trying to break that bond. Parents, stay in the auditorium. I go, All right, now my sons gonna cry. Reality check. Daddys got to leave. So I run up to my son. Im trying to squeeze one tear out of this fucker. Im saying mean shit too, like, Daddys got to go. Thats a lot of scary people here. Watch out. My son goes like this, So what, Daddy? Just go. Get out of here. And I was like this… [dejectedly] Okay. You dont–you dont have to say it so loud. I just want you to know I made you a sandwich and I put Go-Gurt in your backpack, and theres a Capri Sun. And if youre still hungry, Daddy put $3 in your pocket so you can get– I got to go. I got to go. And I leaned in to kiss him like this and put his little baby hand on my face, just like that. So cute. And he goes, Move. He fucking pushed my face and walked out that door with those two boys hed just met in line. And now they think hes king shit cause he just bitch-slapped his dad. So I stopped him. Youre not gonna punk me. I dont give a fuck if youre five. I was like, Jo, turn around. Daddys got to talk to you. Turn around. Hes like, What you want, Daddy? Im with my friends. His one friends like, You okay, Jo? I got this. What you want, Daddy? I go, Baby, I just want you to know one thing before you go to class, okay? I just want you to know that I, uh… I could have pulled out. What are you talking about, Daddy? Im just saying you could have ended up on a pillowcase or a shirt. Daddy, what are you talking about? Im just saying, your mommy could have swallowed you. Ill pick you up at 2:15. Im gonna tell you a story about Filipino moms and their sons. Now, Filipino moms do shit to their sons that may not be socially accepted in America, but I just want you to know, Im okay. Now, I know thats a creepy way to introduce a joke, but just believe me, Im all right. Now, my mom was at my house when, uh, my son was about 3 1/2, 4 years old, okay? And he just got done taking a bath, and hes like, Daddy, Im done taking a bath! Come and get me! Right? And my mom was like, Little Jo, Ill take care of you. Come to Grandma! Come on, come to Grandma! And my son was like, Grandma! And he jumped out of the bathtub– wet, naked– running to his grandma. Grandma! Grandma! Grandma! Come to Grandma! Grandma! Grandma! Grandma! Come to Grandma! Grandma! Grandma! Grandma! And he got right in front of his grandma, and my mom grabbed his dick and went, I got your tite! Aah! And he fucking ran. Aah! And I laughed. [laughs] Cause she used to do that shit to me! I used to hate it when my mom grabbed my tite. And heres the fucked-up part. My mom would get mad at me for getting mad at her for touching my tite. How fucked up is that? Shes like, I got your tite! Im like, Mom! Dont do that! [offended gasp] Why can I not touch your tite? Cause Im 32! I love her. I dont know how my mom did it. You know what I mean? My moms amazing. You know what I mean? She had two kids that were living at home at the time when she was, you know, when she was single, you know? And she raised both of us, uh, really well. She was amazing. She became the mother and the father. And the reason why I tell you that is because she reminded us every fucking day. There wasnt a day that my mom didnt tell us that. Just me and my sister just playing in the room, playing around, and then my mom would just come into the room and go, I just want you kids to know one thing. Im the mother and the father. I bring home the bacon, and I cook that motherfucker too. My mom was tough as shit. I dare anybody to fuck with my moms kids. Dare anybody. My mom was 410. Shell fight anybody. She didnt give a shit. Thats how tough my mom was. I remember one time I was at a shoe store, and I was fucking up the shoe wall. You know, the shoe display wall? Fucking it up. Just putting shoes all over the place, right? And the salesman saw me and was like, Hey, get the fuck out of here! Fucking up the shoe wall. Get the fuck out! Hes cursing at me, right? He didnt know my mom was in the back of the store. He couldnt see her. Shes 410! My mom popped around the corner, she was like, Hey! Who are you talking to? You dont talk to my children like that! Who are you, huh? I want to speak to the manager! And the guy started making fun of my moms accent. [mocking Filipino] Oh, you want to spek-spek to the manager? Huh? You want to tok-tok to the man-a-ger? And my mom goes, Oh, thats funny. Youre making fun of my accent? I live in your country, and I speak two languages– Tagalog and English. You live here. How many do you speak? One? Youre stupid. So the guy started cursing at my mom, right? He was like, You know what? I dont need to hear this shit. Get the fuck out of my store! Take your kid and get the fuck out of my store! Right? So my mom started cursing back, right? And Ive seen my mom curse before, but wed never seen her get into a curse fight. And when you curse, certain words go together, but my mom takes whatever curse words she knows and throws em at you. Hes like, Get the fuck out of my store! And my mom goes, Oh, yeah? You son of a shit! Fuck your pussy has a dick with shit in it and your pussy has a mother, mothershit, you! Fuck your pussy, you! I looked at my sister, go, Did Mom just say mothershit? If I lost something, I lost it. My mom would never help us find shit, right? Normal parents–normal parents help their fucking kids, right? Normal parents help. Its like, Okay, what? Did you lose something? Your keys? What? Was it in your pants? Well, what jeans? Were you wearing jeans? Well, lets look for those jeans. Thats how you fucking help your kids find shit. Not my mom. If I lost something, I can guarantee my moms right behind me fucking with me. Right? She enjoys that shit. If Im looking under the couch, I guarantee my moms right behind me like, Oh, what? What? What? What? Whats under– Whats under the couch, Josep? Is it your keys? Did you lose your keys again? Oh, maybe they walk under the couch like that? Now I got to ask my mom for help. Thats the worst mistake I can make. Mom, Im late for work. Do you know where my keys are? Josep, did you just ask me where your keys are? Isnt that a stupid question? That is a stupid question, Josep. Excuse me, person that does not drive my car, do you know where my keys are?' [laughs] That is stupid, Josep! Why dont you ask me where my keys are? Ill know the answer to that. Go ahead, Josep. Ask me! Come on! Ask me right now! Mom, do you know where your keys are? [laughing] Of course I do! Of course I do, Josep! I know where my keys are all the time. You know why, Josep? Because I put them in the same place that I always put my keys. I hang them over here, oh, on this wooden plaque… that says keys. Josep, when you lose something, do you use your eyes to look for it, or do you use your mouth? Because every time you lose something, Josep, you use your mouth to find something. You cant find anything like that, Josep. You just walk around, Has anybody seen my keys? I dont know where my keys are. Im late for work. Open your eyes! Look for them! My mom never hit us, and she never put us in time-out. She had something better than that. It was called lecturing. If I did something wrong, my mom had at least two hours worth of shit to say about it. And it would last so long that it would just–I would look at my mom and go, Mom, just fucking hit me already. I dont want to hear your voice anymore. And if I did something wrong, it wasnt because– like, if I got a bad grade in school– it wasnt because I wasnt studying, it was because I was trying to kill my mom. I was physically trying to kill my mother. You know what I mean? Like, my mom would look at me and go, Josep, youre getting a D in math? Why? Why are you doing that, Josep? I did not come to this country to give you a better education, that way you get a D and not be successful in life, and then youre going to live in poverty. Thats how I live in the Philippines. I do not want you to do that, Josep. Are you trying to give me heart attack? Im going to die, Josep. Why are you going to do this to me, Josep? Im like, Mom, just fucking hit me. Hit me, Mom. [laughs] The only time my mom ever got physical with me was at church. Weirdest place, right? Physical at church. And the reason why is cause when youre 10, 11 years old, you hate church for the simple fact that you dont– you got to sit there for an hour and a half on this wooden pew. And you got to sit there. When youre 10, 11 years old, you dont even have ass meat yet. Its just bone on wood. Thats why kids move around so much, cause they cant feel their asses anymore. And that guy wont stop preaching. Just… [religious vocalizing] Josep! Josep! Sit up straight! What is wrong with you? Stop acting like this, huh? Im telling you, this is my last warning. You better stop acting like this, Im telling you. You will not be happy. [religious vocalizing] Josep! Turn around! Turn around! Sorry, sorry. What is wrong with you? Why are you acting like this? You better behave, huh? This is my last warning, huh? Im telling you right now, you will not be happy. And I would taunt my mom, cause we were in church. Im like, What are you gonna do? Are you gonna– are you gonna hit me? And my mom would take her fingertips, the tips of her nails, and she would grab a pinch of skin– You know what Im talking about, right? And she would pinch so hard I could actually feel the nails touch inside of me. It would hurt so bad that I would lean in like this, Aah! And my mom would whisper in my ear, Whos laughing now? – This is my 19th year in stand-up, and when I told my mom 19 years ago that I wasnt going to college, she cried. Cried. Why, Josep? Comedian, really? Thats what you want to do? Theres no–theres no future in comedian, Josep. Theres no money to be made in comedian, Josep. What are you, a clown? Youre going to be clown, Josep? How about if you get sick, Josep? Theres no health insurance. Theres no health insurance if you get sick. How are you going to pay the doctor? Jokes? Oh, thank you, doctor. What do I owe you? Oh, really? Knock-knock.' The one person that did believe in me–my Lola Tina. My grandmother, right? My grandmother passed away of cancer, uh, 19 years ago. Like, she passed away of cancer. And the cool thing about my grandmother is she fought that shit to the end. She was diagnosed with it, and she was supposed to go like that, and she ended up fighting that shit for five years, and we all– Yeah, it was amazing. [cheers and applause] It was a sad time, but it was a good time. You know what I mean? Cause I got to– We all moved to Vegas. Thats why I moved to Vegas, is to be with my grandmother. And, uh, and it was a sad time, but it was a good time, because, uh, those times that I was with her, she would, you know– I got to meet my grandma. I got to know my grandma. She would tell me stories, and I would just sit there and listen all day. Man, she would tell me all kinds of stories, and I would just listen to her like, Are you serious? Really, Grandma? So she used to lose her keys too, huh? Tough as shit, man– my grandmother was tough. And I know thats where I got my funny from, my grandmother, you know what I mean? She was funny, and she would do it indirectly. Like, catch me off guard all the time. Like, I would take her to chemo, and were just driving in the car, and shed be like, Josep… Josep. Im like, What, Grandma? I just want you to know that when I die– Im like, Grandma, dont say that. I dont like it when you talk like that. No, its okay. Why can I not talk about that? Im gonna go to Heaven. You dont want me to go to Heaven? One time, we were sitting on the couch, right? And my– and were watching TV. Its a true story. This is so fucked up. She goes, Josep. Josep. I go, What, Grandma? What? Shes like, I just want you to know that when I– when I pass away– Im like, Grandma, please. Dont talk like that. I dont like it when you talk– No, its okay, Josep. I am okay with it, you should be okay with it also. But when I pass away, I just want you to know that every time you go to sleep… Im going to be watching you. Sometimes I will tickle your toes, and youll wake up, and then youll look at your feet, and then Ill go, Ahhh.' One time, I was taking her back, right, from chemo, and I laid her on her bed, right? I put her on the bed, and I go, Lola, if you need anything, just call me. Ill be right here. Ill take care of you, okay? Just call me. Shes like, Okay, Josep. Love you. I go, I love you. And I started to walk out, and she goes, Josep! Bless me! Bless me! If youre not Filipino, let me tell you what blessing is. This is what we do with our elders. When you leave and you say good-bye to your elders, this is what we do. Can you stand up? Just stand– let me touch your– get your hand, and you touch the forehead like that. Its a sign of respect. Thats what we do. We dont look at our elders and go, Fuck you, peace. We dont do that. Bye, bitch. And then walk. We show respect. Thats what you do. And she was like, Josep, bless me. You cant leave without blessing your grandmother. And I was like, Oh, my God, Grandma. Im so sorry. Ill be right there. And I go, and I grab her hand, right. And I go to touch my forehead, and before I touch my forehead, she grabbed my dick and went, I got your tite! Im like, Fuck! Ragh! Pretty sure thats where my grandma– my mom got all, you know, her personality from. My mom is a spitting image of my grandmother. And its cool, I love it. Any time my mom needed to get her point across, she knew how to do it. Cause I never listen to my mom. I always do that. You know what I mean? I just go, Mom, are you serious? No, thats ridiculous. And Id just walk away from her, and she gets mad, right? But she always found a way to tell me that I was doing something wrong, or she needed to show me, like, Josep, you need to correct this. Heres why. Right? One time, like– I suffer from this thing called sleep apnea, okay? If you dont know what sleep apnea is, just ask one of the nurses inside the building. Theyll tell you. Its a form of snoring, only its worse. Its worse than snoring. I choke when I sleep. And Im loud. Im so loud that I wake myself up. And you got to see the way I sleep. Its disgusting. Like, this is what– this is how– This is what I look like when I sleep. [tries to snore through closed throat] Aah! Who is it? Whos out there? – I didnt know I had sleep apnea. My mom told me I had sleep apnea. I was asleep at her house about six years ago, sleeping in the guest room, the same way I always do, just like this– [choked snoring] And I woke up– [gasping] My moms at the foot of the bed like this. Oh, my God, Josep! Youre dying! I go, Mom, Im not dying. Im snoring. Josep, that is not snoring. You look like this… Josep, you have to go to a doctor and get that checked out. Im telling you, youre going to die, and I dont want you to die, Josep, because Ill die of heart attack if you die, oh, my God, Josep– Mom, Im not gonna go to a doctor for snoring. How long were you watching me? Thats creepy. And I kicked her out. Get out of here! Get out of here, Mom! Im sorry, Josep. I did not mean to startle you. Its just that I was walking to the kitchen, and I heard a noise coming from the guest room. It sounded like… someone was killing a bear. And I was like, I dont have a bear.' So I opened the door, and I noticed that it was just you, Josep. Snoring. So, Im sorry. You dont have to go to a doctor. Just go to sleep. Go to sleep. And die. So, I went back to sleep. Same shit. [choked snoring] And I woke up. [gasping] My moms at the foot of the bed with a fucking camcorder. I got it all on videotape! You fucking recorded me? Uh-huh, Josep, I put it on videotape. That way, you can see what Im talking about, Josep. Its not right. Watch the videotape. Youll go to a doctor, Josep. Please watch it– Im like, All right, Mom, Ill watch the videotape! I cant believe you recorded me, Mom. Just watch the tape. All right, put it in. And she put the tape in. Before she pressed play, this is what my mom did. Everybody, come downstairs! Were going to watch Josep sleep. Its scary! She pressed play. I watched it. Its the creepiest video youll ever see. Its shot in that– that black light. You know what I mean? Like, that surveillance-video shit. Its pitch-dark in the hallway. My mom cant even see herself. Shes just standing in front of the camera, and shes documenting the whole thing like shes– shes on Discovery. Were outside my sons room. He says that– that he is snoring, and I told him that he is not snoring. So, Im going to get this on videotape. That way, hell see it, and then go to a doctor. Um, lets take a closer look. I watched the videotape. Its horrible. Its horrible. And I saw myself sleeping. I couldnt believe it. I ended up going to a sleep center. I had to go there. They had to monitor my sleeping behavior. You know what I mean? The doctor put all these wires on my toes, these wires on my fingertips, this chest pad to monitor my heart. They put this crown on my head to monitor my brain waves. When the doctor put all that shit on me, he was like, All right, you can sleep now. I was like… I was like, Are you fucking kidding me? I look like a Christmas tree. But I fell asleep. I can sleep in any situation back then, man, and I fell asleep. The doctor let me sleep about 15 minutes, maybe 15 minutes. And he kicked the door open. Scared the shit out of me. Like, he literally kicked the door open. [imitates kick] Get up! I was like– [gasping] Piss. He goes, How long you been sleeping like this? I go, My whole life. He goes, Holy shit! He goes, Im surprised youre not dead yet! I go, Why? He goes, You sleep like a 400-pound obese man. I go, Are you serious? He goes, Yeah, Im serious. We monitor how many times you wake up a minute. Want to know how many times you wake up a minute? I go, How many times? He goes, 60 times a minute. Theres only 60 seconds in a minute. That means Ive been sleeping like this my whole life… Ka! Ka! Ka! Ka! Ka! Ka! Ka! Ka! Ka! Ka! Ka! He wanted to perform surgery that week. He goes, I want to cut your soft palate out and your tonsils out. That way you breathe better. You have a passage– an open passage for you to breathe better. And I was like, Well, how long is the healing process? He goes, About three months. I go, I cant do that. Im on the road every week. I cant do that. He goes, Well, there is an alternative. I go, What? He goes, A CPAP machine. Yeah. A CPAP machine. If you dont know what a CPAP machine is– I have to wear this mask on my face, all right? These two straps go behind my head. It looks like I have a jockstrap on my face. This hose goes out into a machine, I press power, and it blows air down my throat. But when I wear it, I sleep like an angel. Just– [purrs] Every now and then, Ill knock the straps off. [imitates snapping] Its like a scene from Aliens. I dont tell any girl about this machine until the first night we do it… cause if I tell her before, its a deal breaker. No girl is gonna sleep with a guy with a fuckin machine next to his bed. She walks into the room, and she sees that machine, shes like, What the fuck is that? And I just look at her and go… [deep, distorted voice] How are you feeling? I love you so much, you guys. Thank you. [cheers and applause] [hip-hop music] ? ?

STEWART LEE@CARPET REMNANT WORLD@2012@(70s GERMAN ROCK MUSIC PLAYING) ANNOUNCER: Ladies and gentlemen, its time to enter the Carpet Remnant World of Stewart Lee! (AUDIENCE APPLAUDING) That was a bit heavy metal, rock and roll that. Can we have some funny music at the start of the second half? Yup. Thanks for coming. (LAUGHTER) Okay. What news do you know about? Leveson Inquiry. Thats ongoing. News of the World went down. I was sorry to see The News of the World go down. I think it was a great campaigning newspaper. Not everything I say is sarcastic, Sheffield. Who can forget the News of the Worlds high-profile campaign against child sex offenders which led, didnt it, to News of the World readers burning down the home of a paediatrician. (LAUGHTER) Throwing rocks at a pedalo. (LAUGHTER) And stamping on a centipede. (LAUGHTER) Top-of-the-show pedophile jokes going down well. Good to have been on television and finally managed to attract so much of Jimmy Carrs audience. The shows not aimed at you, dont come again. (LAUGHTER) Im trying to find out what news you know about so I can weave stories into a seamless two-hour narrative-driven whole. A seamless narrative-driven whole. You have to do that, I think… If youre a name comic out doing a long theatre show, you just cant go out and do 90-minutes of unrelated little gags that you can subsequently chop up into smaller parcels and resell to Mock the Week and Live at the Apollo. Oh, yeah. You can do that, cant you? (LAUGHTER) So what news do you know about? I think the funniest news story at the moment is the trial of the Norwegian Neo-Nazi mass murderer Anders Behring Breivik. Youre going, Hang on, theres nothing funny about that, Stew. But there is and, erm, (LAUGHTER) its this. That on his website, Anders Behring Brievik, the Norwegian Neo-Nazi mass murderer, has written this genuine sentence. Jeremy Clarksons Top Gear (LAUGHTER) is one of the few programmes worth watching on the BBC. (LAUGHTER, APPLAUSE) I know. Now very rarely do you see a better example of what philosophers call the banality of evil. And remember all thats required for Jeremy Clarkson to triumph is that Richard Hammond do nothing. (LAUGHTER) Remember when Jeremy Clarkson made those jokes about shooting strikers and everyone complained? There was a guy from the Daily Telegraph went on the Channel 4 News to defend him and he said, Come on, he said, it was just a joke, he said. Its not as if a Jeremy Clarkson fan has ever gone out and shot anyone. (LAUGHTER) I thought, Well, there was that one guy, the mass murderer. Poor old Colonel Gaddafi had a bad year last year, didnt he? The Libyans got fed up of their leader, pulled him out of a sewer, shot him in the face, mutilated the anus of his corpse with a knife and chucked him in a meat refrigeration unit, but they did that off their own backs, didnt they, the Libyans. No one made them do it. They did it entirely voluntarily of their own initiative. What better example is there of the big society in action? (LAUGHTER) Will the big society work? Whether we think so depends on our immediate experience of society around us. Now of course, David Cameron thinks a big society will work because he lives in a nice little village in Oxfordshire, Witney, and all of four times a year, all the local people in Witney, thats David Cameron, Jeremy Clarkson, Rebekah Brooks, and the cheese bloke from Blur, (LAUGHTER) they all get together voluntarily. They go out and they clear out the waste ground in the village, big society in action. Now I know that big society will work because where I live in Hackney, in East London, last August, all the local Turkish shopkeepers went out onto Dalston high road and attacked the rioters with kebab knives. (LAUGHTER) Now this show is called, Carpet Remnant World. Now since Ive been on the telly, Im picking up a lot of stragglers, people who dont normally come and see me. This is twice as many people as Ive played to in Sheffield before here tonight and the kind of people that come and see people just off the telly, the kind of shows you go and see by comics, theyre normally called things like Laughtime arent they, or Joke-A-Rama 6. Something like that. Now if youve seen me before, and I hope you have, I dont like new people coming. (LAUGHTER) Er… Youll know… What… My shows, they tend to be a relationship between the title and the content. Thats the bare minimum of what you should offer, I think. Not so much this year, though. Its not really come together very well, this show. It was supposed to be about idealised notions of society and how we behave as collective groups and… But Ive been a bit busy with one thing or another. Its not really worked. So, but what I will do is about five minutes from the end, I, at about 10:00, I will… I will repeat the phrase Carpet Remnant World over some music and that will give the illusion of structure. (LAUGHTER) And big laughs down here, for that, people down here. The people who bought tickets first, theyve seen me before. Theyre going, Of course therell be content and structure. Weve seen him before. This is a comedic double bluff. Ha-ha, right? But up there, theres a lot of people they dont really know what theyve come to. Theyve come… Friends have brought them, the very worst… Couple of people that like me, theyve gone, Lets get Gene and Chris to come as well. And theyve not… Theyve come and they dont know who I am and theyve been whispering all through it up there, in the top bit there. Like, Is this who you wanted to see? (LAUGHTER) it seems like an aggressive lecture. (LAUGHTER) its very strong, well grant you that. That whispering doubt, that will spread all around the top balcony up there. And there will be no one laughing up there by the end because of people bringing their friends. I was quite happy with one night in Sheffield, to be honest, because when youve brought friends along and you can feel its not as good as it was last time, which is a shame because were filming it tonight. So thanks. (LAUGHTER) You know, being on… I won some awards but that doesnt help, British Comedy Awards. Because people go, Oh, hes won an award, well enjoy that. You wont. (LAUGHTER) Winning a British Comedy Award is like having a big sign put over your head saying Hey, dicks, come to this. (LAUGHTER) What can you do, though? You cant stop people coming. (LAUGHTER) itll be all right. Its strong down here. Ill just… I wont even look up there. (LAUGHTER) So well press on into the void. (LAUGHTER) I thought Id record this here because last time I was in this theatre it was really fantastic but the audience is… We got two nights now. More people come, but you can see its a worse kind of person, isnt it? (LAUGHTER) Shame. (LAUGHTER) To have gone to all this trouble with all these cameras. Oh, come to Sheffield, it was brilliant last time. You know, it was, but… its all right, innit? its not… (LAUGHTER) Going well down here, innit? But up there. These people down here are thinking, Oh, thats the kind of thing he does. Mucks about like this. Itll be all right. And up there theres people going, Ive not seen him before. He doesnt seem to be able to do standup. (LAUGHTER) I can. I can do it really well, actually. Im really good at it. Im so good at it that one of the things I do, is I make it look like I cant do it, but I can. And if youre sitting there having been brought by friends thinking, Oh, he cant do it. The question you have to… Ive been on stage thousands of times literally. The question you have to ask yourselves up there, peoples friends, is how many times have you been to standup and what kind of acts have you seen? Its maybe four or five times. You havent seen the right sorts of people. Youve got no context for me. So youre not in any position to have an opinion about it. (LAUGHTER) Good, thats warmed the room up. (LAUGHTER) itll be all right, dont worry about it. Okay. So on May the second, last year, I was driving along the M4, thats what I mainly do now. I mainly drive around on motorways or look after my kids, thats why I have not had really enough time to make this show good. So I was driving on the M4, it was the day Bin Laden was shot by the Americans and there were all different Americans coming on the radio talking about what they thought about it and it made me think: what we like, collective groups of people, here in society. Heres four real quotes by real Americans on May the second, the day Bin Laden was shot. This first guy, hes called Thomas Cox, hes a construction worker, talking in Times Square on Radio 4, and he said, I made Photoshop pictures of the Statue of Liberty holding Osamas bloody severed head and handed them out to the crowd. Its payback. (LAUGHTER) its not, is it? The payback for Osama surely was being shot in the face at pointblank range. Thomas Coxs offensive collage… (LAUGHTER) It merely adds insult to injury. (LAUGHTER) Bin Laden was buried at sea, youll remember. This Thomas Cox goes on, he says, We should have mounted his head on a spike. I am hoping that the fish and the crabs are having a good… (LAUGHTER) Thats never got a laugh before. Im glad we came to Sheffield. After all, people found the combination of fish and crab amusing here in a way that no other British city has. (LAUGHTER) Erm… It was worth it… But only down here. The people up there… People there, Fish and crab, who cares? He said… There isnt time to improvise tonight, unfortunately, were filming it, so I just move on. Otherwise, I could have got 10 minutes out of that fish and crab bit. (LAUGHTER) Hello, Michael? Yes. Are you bringing the Roadshow here to Sheffield? Yeah, fish and crab stuff, they love it. (LAUGHTER) I basically go everywhere first and I sound it out for him. He ignores what I say. (LAUGHING) He, erm… We should have mounted his head on a spike. He said, Im hoping that the fish and the crabs are having… No. See, second time… (LAUGHTER) Yeah, only once, though, only once. Dont milk it. Paul Tonkinson will sort it out for you, all right. Erm… We should have mounted his head on a spike. Im hoping the fish and the crabs are having a good meal on his eyeballs. Now, its a very apposite quote that because as you all know, under Sharia law, if a Muslim man is buried at sea, it is required that their body be protected from the attentions of fish, and I think it was that that this Thomas Cox was alluding to there. (LAUGHTER) If youve not seen me before, I dont think that, I think the opposite of that. (LAUGHTER) Okay? Thats one of the things I do, I… I make a very bold statement about something, but the implication is actually the opposite of… Im gonna do that about six times tonight, and then later on, about 9:45, Ill go on about something for too long. (LAUGHTER) That will be later, all right. Now, this next quote from an American called Steven Reginella, again on Radio 4 in Times Square, and he said, They should have brought Bin Ladens body here and hung it from the lamppost. In fact, they should have roasted him here like a chicken, (LAUGHTER) so he would have seen what it felt like. (LAUGHTER) its all over the place now, innit? They should have brought Bin Ladens body here, alive, presumably, and hung it from the lamppost. What lamppost is that? The New York City designated corpse-roasting lamppost. Who should have done that? They should. Who are they? The New York City designated corpse-roasting team. They dont do a lot of corpse roasting. Their duties mainly entail maintenance of the corpse-roasting lamppost. Roast him like a chicken, so he would have seen what it felt like. (LAUGHTER) There you are, Bin Laden, on the lamppost, roasting, yeah. Can you see what that feels like? (LAUGHTER) (LAUGHTER) I can f… I can f… I can feel what it feels like. (LAUGHTER) That wasnt the question. What… What if we hold this mirror up, a full-length mirror? (LAUGHTER) Can you see what it feels like now? (LAUGHTER) I can see what it looks like? (LAUGHTER) This is exactly the kind of unhelpful behaviour we would expect… Roasted like a chicken. Why? Weve all roasted a chicken at some point in our lives, havent we? No need for this kind of frontier justice, is there? He didnt have any issues with chickens, did he? Bin Laden? It was the West that he hated, wasnt it? And our values, not chicken. Imagine if he had hated chickens, Bin Laden. And he deployed the same level of firepower over a 10-year period to the eradication of poultry that he had to Western Democratic systems. Im not an expert but I think wed be looking at a very different global geopolitical setup. (LAUGHTER) Again, the laughs are down here for that, arent they? Up there, the people down here. People up there going, What are they laughing at down there? Ill tell you. I said, (LAUGHTER) if hed hated chickens, wed be looking at a very different global geopolitical setup. And the people down here, I think, they just thought for a second about what that would be like. (LAUGHTER) They imagined it in their own heads. I dont know what they imagined. Chickens on fire, I dont know. But the important thing, peoples friends whove come by mistake, is they put in an extra bit of effort and they got more laughs out of that in their own heads, but you just sat up there, didnt you, going, Hes finished saying that. (LAUGHTER) Then you had a little think, didnt you, about something else. Oh, £90,000 for an apartment in the park. And then you went, Oh, whats… I wonder what hell say now. (LAUGHTER) But you… I dont… What… I dont… if youre sitting there, Im not one of these whos gonna act things out. I just do a gag, and I just leave it and I walk away from it, I let people make of it what they will, you know. Theres not… Do you know what I mean? (LAUGHTER) To raise your game. (LAUGHTER) This next quote from an American was on the YouTube. Youve seen that, where the people film themselves talking. This is an American lady talking to the camera. She said, I so happy Osama be dead, I climb stoplight and show my two titties at the crowd. (LAUGHTER) Everyone be cheering. Everyone be whistling. I so happy Osama be dead. My titties be pretty big titties, too. Osama one holy motherfucker, but he a man, and I-a say-a hed-a got a kick out-a these hot titties. (LAUGHTER) Word. (LAUGHTER) This last one, this was on the YouTube, as well. A chap running around in one of the big towns there waving a flag, and he said, They should get Max Hardcore out of jail… I didnt know who Max Hardcore was when I heard this quote. Hes a bloke. Hes in violent American pornography. And I didnt know who he was, so I looked him up on the Internet. Now Im on the sex offenders registry. (LAUGHTER) Max Har… Max Hardcore. I thought he was just a very efficient builder. (LAUGHTER) This is what he… They should get Max Hardcore out of jail to Reverse Cowgirl Osamas body on the White House lawn. Max would tear that Muslim faggots dead body a new hole. Know what Im saying? They should get Max to Reverse Cowgirl him on the White House lawn and FedEx the tapes to his family saying, Look at this, you gay cunts. (LAUGHTER) Fuck with America, youre fucking with God. Prepare to have your assholes ripped open. (LAUGHTER) I know, its amazing. Amazing quote. Now, I dont think its fair to make hard-and-fast generalisations about a whole society based on just four random quotes. But if I was gonna do that… Id say what have we learned about America from these four quotes? Its a coun… its obsessed with its own blind patriotism, with its own religious fundamentalism, with sexualised violence, and theres a weird homophobic undercurrent going through some of those quotes, as well. Interesting thing about those four quotes. The second interesting thing about those four quotes, I think, is that of those four quotes, only two of them were made up by me. (LAUGHTER) Such is the depth of your blind anti-American prejudice. (LAUGHTER) Youve got no idea which ones they are. They could all be true, Stew! And if theyre not they should be because thats what theyre like! (LAUGHTER) Making stuff up, making up quotes, not good enough, is it? But you know, what can I do? Ive got nothing. I drive around and look after kids, Ive got nothing. (LAUGHTER) Anyway, thats enough making fun of America and the West. Its time now to mock Islam and to ridicule individual Muslims. (LAUGHTER) People are very keen on that now. In comedy there was a big piece in the Daily Mail in December by Jan Moir saying theres not enough anti-Islamic standup in Britain at the moment. Of course, theyre very keen on balance at the Daily Mail. Its been a watch-word of the paper going way back to the 1930s. (MILD LAUGHTER) I know, its a good joke. No one gets it. -(LAUGHTER) – So… its an occupational hazard of standup now if you do a joke about anything. And you dont immediately follow it up with a joke about Islam. People are, Whats wrong with him? These are the kind of e-mails you get. This sort of thing. Dear BBC, I enjoyed Stewart Lees making fun of Chris Moyles on TV last night and I look forward to him mocking the Prophet Mohammed in the same way next week. (LAUGHTER) Yours, Norris McWhirter. (LAUGHTER) Nuremberg. (LAUGHTER) Another one here. Dear BBC, I enjoyed watching Stewart Lee making jokes about crisps last night, but I doubt we will be seeing him having a go at any Muslim snacks in the near future. (LAUGHTER) On the politically correct BBC, it appears theres one law for crisps, (LAUGHTER) and quite another for those mini poppadom things that they sell in Marks & Spencers. (LAUGHTER) Yours, Norris McWhirter. (LAUGHTER) Argentina. Yeah. Well, its a later postmark. So, erm… I know, they dont get it. Its time… (LAUGHTER) So time to ridicule the Muslim now, in accordance with the Daily Mails demands, and the Muslim were gonna be ridiculing tonight is called Mohammed al-Qubaisi. Hes from Dubai, hes one of the top Muslim guys out there. (LAUGHTER) Yeah, people down there are laughing at that, as well they should because, of course, in Islam, there is no pyramid power structure. (LAUGHTER) So succession of Imams, er, Imams, all with equal power, so the idea of a top Muslim is… (LAUGHTER) Now, anyway this is what he said. Mohammed al-Qubaisi about Bin Laden being buried at sea. He said, They can say they buried him at sea, but they cannot say they did it according to Islam. Sea burials are permissible for Muslims in extraordinary circumstances only, and this is not one of them. (LAUGHTER) Lets have a quick recap on those circumstances. (LAUGHTER) Osama Bin Laden was shot in the face at pointblank range in front of his family after a possibly illegal American incursion into Pakistani airspace following a 10-year campaign to bring him to justice for flying two hijacked, fully-laden passenger aircraft into the World Trade Center killing literally thousands and thousands of people. What has made this Mohammed al-Qubaisi so jaded? (LAUGHTER) that this does not fit his definition of extraordinary circumstances? What a jaded, jaded man, Sheffield. Not the sort of man youd wanna have to organise a surprise birthday party for. (LAUGHTER) So thats the Muslim ridiculed. Time now for some anti-Islamic standup. Jan Moir in the Daily Mail says theres not enough standup at Islam. Theres loads, actually, if you think about it. Theres Roy Chubby Brown, your spiritual king in this region. He, er… (LAUGHTER) He goes round and round doing loads. And Tim Minchins done stuff about Islam to stadiums full of people. Of course theres dozens of British comics of an Islamic background talking about it all the time night after night. So I think really theres so much standup about Islam, I dont really know what to bring to the table, so what Ive been trying to do on this tour is something that has not been done before, Ive been trying to do observational comedy. Yeah. Thats kind of BBC One, ITV One, sort of. Oh, look at that, kind of stuff. (LAUGHTER) Ive been trying to do observational comedy of a specifically anti-Islamic bent. Yeah. Anti-Islamic observational comedy. Ive had some good reviews for that. People going, Brilliant! Like Islamophobic Michael Mclntyre! That was good. Superb! The John Bishop of cultural relativism. (LAUGHTER) So, here we are now, Sheffield, with some anti-Islamic observational comedy. Anti-Islamic observational comedy. Observational comedy. (LAUGHTER) (LAUGHTER, APPLAUSE) (LAUGHTER) (LEE SIGHS) (MIC POPS) (LAUGHTER) (LAUGHTER) (LOUD LAUGHTER) (SIGHS) (LAUGHTER) Have you seen these Muslims they have now? (LAUGHTER, APPLAUSE) Thats the end of that bit. (LAUGHTER) People up there are going, Oh, now its picking up. (LAUGHTER) Ive got three, erm, anti-Islamic one-liners now that Im hoping to sell on to Roy Chubby Brown. Here they are. (IMITATING BROWN) Hey, you know, one in two kids born in Britain today is called Mohammad. And thats just the girls. Ive not got the exact figures. (LAUGHTER) (IMITATING BROWN) Did you know one in two Islamic hate preachers in Britain today has got a hook for his hand. Ive done no research. (LAUGHTER) (IN HIS OWN VOICE) Do you know one in two people claiming to be a spokesperson for the entire British-Muslim community is, in fact, the unelected leader of a non-democratic special-interest fringe group given ideas above its station by a misguided New Labour community bridge-building initiative? (LAUGHTER) Some laughs. A lot of people going, What was that? What was that supposed to be? (LAUGHTER) Ill tell you what that was, my come-in-error friends, that was the best joke about Islam in Britain anyone has ever done. Thats what that was. It was even-handed. It was informed. Its what you say you want, isnt it? You go, Do stuff about Islam! I just did. Not like that, Stew. (LAUGHTER) Not where you have to know anything. (LAUGHTER) When we said do stuff about Islam, we meant make fun of their hats. (LAUGHTER) What can I do? I got nothing. You know, I drive around. I look after kids. I got nothing. But fair enough, for not laughing at that. its an edgy subject. It makes people uncomfortable. Youre thinking, Where is this going? If you got stuff that makes people uncomfortable what they say on the comedy course is now, they say, take the curse off it. Take the edge off it. Personalise it, yeah? Make it personal to you. So I was walking around with my son, whos real. (LAUGHTER) I walking around where I live with my son and there was a Muslim lady coming on the road towards us. Its a very cosmopolitan area, where I live in London, very cosmopolitan area. (MILD LAUGHTER) No, it is. My, er… (LAUGHTER) My dentist… its a very cosmopolitan area. My dentist is actually a lesbian. (LAUGHTER) At least, I assume shes a lesbian because, er, she had me out under general anaesthetic and when I came around, I hadnt been sexually assaulted. (LAUGHTER) There was some rectal bleeding. (LAUGHTER) You expect that at my age, obviously. (LAUGHTER) Different pockets of laughs, werent there, throughout that joke. (LAUGHTER) But never a point where the whole theatre laughed as one. Why not? Not a very good joke, thats why. (LAUGHTER) Lets go back over it and see what was wrong with it. (LAUGHTER) Yeah, now it wasnt clear, was it? What the point of it is. (LAUGHTER) What was I saying? Was I saying, Hey, guess what? Im so attractive my dentist must be a lesbian, otherwise she would have sexually assaulted me when I was unconscious? Was that the joke? Some people thought so. Or was the joke that I was implying that all dentists are indiscriminate sexual predators. (LAUGHTER) It wasnt clear, not everyone laughed. So what I did, I dont know if you noticed, I put an extra bit on the end, didnt I, about rectal bleeding. (LAUGHTER) And for a lot of you that just tipped the joke over, didnt it? To be funny enough to laugh at. And thats an old standup trick, we all do that. If you watch a lot of standup, you see we all do it. Got a joke, not funny enough, put an extra bit on the end about anal rape or rectal bleeding (LAUGHTER) and that will just nudge it into being funny. Old standup trick, extra bit on the end, anal rape, rectal bleeding. We have a name for that technique in the trade, we call it Boyles Law. (LAUGHTER) Anyway, I was walking along where I live with my son. Hes 4 years old. Theres a Muslim lady coming towards us. Full burka, just her eyes showing and my son, hes 4. He meant nothing by this. He looked at her and then he said to me, ls that a ghost? Right? I thought, What are you gonna say? What am I gonna say? So I said to him, No, it isnt a ghost. Its a lady. Shes religious and she believes in God and she believes that God wants her to cover her face. I thought, Thats all right, say that. And then my son said, Why? (LAUGHTER) It was at that point that I realised Id reached the limit of my knowledge of Islam. (LAUGHTER) Dont really know any more about it than that, and the killings and stuff, and neither do you, do you? You dont know anything about it either. Even those of you of Islamic background are normally quite hazy (LAUGHTER) about the details when pressed. And thats why its so difficult to do jokes with any real depth on the subject. Because there isnt really enough of a shared collective pool of knowledge between performer and audience to be able to move off the most obvious areas really. So stop sending me your stupid fucking e-mails. (LAUGHTER) Why? Thats always the terrible moment in parenting, isnt it, if youve got kids. Why? Now, normally, I just say, Because I say so, and I leave it at that. But that wouldnt work in this situation, if you think about it. (LAUGHTER) God wants her to cover her face. Why, Dad? (LAUGHTER) Because I say so. Thats handing a child a lifetime of psychological illness, isnt it? Forty years later, hes in therapy. (IN GERMAN ACCENT) When did you first decide that your father had power over the gods? (LAUGHTER) Always Spanish, arent they, those blokes. (LAUGHTER) Yeah, you like that! The switcheroo! (LAUGHTER) He sounded German, it turned out he was Spanish. (LAUGHTER) Not impossible, is it? Could have been born in Spain, trained in Germany, come over here to work. (LAUGHTER) Maybe its not such a funny situation after all. You have to watch out, some of the jokes are traps. (LAUGHTER) They are not meant to be laughed at. You walked into it. (LAUGHTER) Why? I mean, 10 years ago I wouldnt have faffed around trying to say the right thing. Id just have said to him, its because shes religious and thats the same as being mentally ill. (LAUGHTER) But the problem is now, right, my wife, his mother, who I love, shes proper religious kinda church Catholic. So these days, I have to maintain a gossamer-thin false veil (LAUGHTER) of painfully begrudged tolerance for peoples mad beliefs. (LAUGHTER) (IN AMERICAN ACCENT) If I wanted to make me a fucking sandwich. (AS ANNOUNCER) Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Just for Laughs, the 95th Montreal International Comedy Festival, bringing you the best of North American standup. (AMERICAN ACCENT) So I said to my wife, Shut up, bitch! Suck my dick, lick my ass and make me a fucking sandwich! (LAUGHTER) Thats all it is for two weeks. (LAUGHTER) First week in English, second week in French. (LAUGHTER) Weirdly, in French, that sentence sounds rather delightful. (LAUGHTER) Listen. (LAUGHTER) Tais-toi, salope. (LAUGHTER) Caresse mon cu! avec ta langue, (LAUGHTER) caresse ma bitte avec tes lévres, (LAUGHTER) et quand tu as fini, sois gentille et fais-moi un putain de delicieuse baguette (LAUGHTER) Et en plus, je saignat de mon anus.  (LAUGHTER) No? (LAUGHTER) – Right. -(AUDIENCE LAUGHS) Heh, er… Okay, usually when were not filming the show, that joke goes so well that I end the first half on that. (LAUGHTER) Je saignat de mon anus.  People, Yeah! Brilliant. (LAUGHTER) Callback in French. Applause. People go, Yeah! And I go, Yeah, thats the end of that. (LAUGHTER) You cant end it like that, can you? You cant end it with 500 Sheffield people just looking at you. (LAUGHTER) Can I have about five minutes, yeah? We got enough tape. (LAUGHTER) Right, okay. Im gonna explain what the joke is. Im gonna do it again. (LAUGHTER) Because I want to end… I want to… You know I said I wasnt gonna do anything differently just because were filming it? I am gonna do this differently because itd be really awkward, you know. Its been a high point, that side of Sheff… I dont know. Okay. (LAUGHTER) Je saignat de mon anus,  right? That is a callback to the idea that you put a bit about rectal bleeding on the end of a joke to… Je saignat de mon anus thats, Im bleeding from my anus in French, right? And it was about three minutes ago, the set-up for that. (LAUGHTER) I tell you what… I got this comic, Hils Barker, to translate that, and she said, Je saignat de mon an-nu. And I said to her, Im gonna say ay-nus. Because then people will have no excuse for not… (LAUGHTER) We dont do languages here, so… Erm… Even if its obvious what the words mean. Its a point of principle. Erm… (LAUGHS) Er… Okay, it doesnt matter, but… (LAUGHTER) Forget that. Well dub a big… Youll see this when its made. Therell be a huge laugh dubbed on. It wont matter. (LAUGHTER) Ill cut away to a football stadium of people. (LAUGHTER) Ill get some footage from Michael McIntyres video, cut it in. (LAUGHTER) Okay, the worry is, though, that there is a whole second half to come, right, (LAUGHTER) and that was just three minutes, that callback. And the problem is the second half is all things that relate back to the first half. (LAUGHTER) And I dont know if up there, youve been… I dont know whats gone in. I think the problem is that (LAUGHTER) people today, especially young people actually, youre used to watching little tiny things on your phones and stuff, arent you, and short things. This isnt a succession of moments. This show is a continuum, right, its like a narrative. So its not, like… When Ive said something, you cant go, Oh, he said that, Ill erase that from my mind. You might come back… its like if you meet someone in life. Youre not, Ive met them, Ill forget them now. (LAUGHTER) Well, anyway, so… And I dont know whats gone in, it doesnt matter but if… I dont… I really wanted to film this here, because it was so good here before and I dont know whats happened tonight. its okay, but its not… So Im just gonna go back… Im just gonna go back over the first half. (LAUGHTER) Not every line of it! Im just gonna flag up things that you should have noticed. (LAUGHTER) And then when we get to edit this, if the second half is still not really good, I wont be looking and thinking, Oh, I could have… Ill have done whatever I could have done, yeah, to… (LAUGHTER) You with it? Okay, so I… I came out, didnt I, at the beginning. (LAUGHTER) I did. (LAUGHTER) Remember when there was no one here? (LAUGHTER) And then I was here, thats when I came out. (LAUGHTER) I know you didnt… Because you were talking with your friend. Going, Oh… I went down to The Moor today. (LAUGHTER) With me, I think about everything, and there was loud rock music. Amon Duul II, that was, from Germany. And I went, Oh dont… I went, Oh, dont play that. Thats too loud. Play something funny in the second half. I always get them to play that music. (LAUGHTER) its setting up a joke for the start of the second half. Youll see when I come back on. (LAUGHTER) So I came out and I talked about… I did sort of topical stuff, didnt I, about five minutes of topical stuff. I expect some of you were going, We dont need to listen to this. Its sort of warm-up stuff. Youre very wrong because it was. its… (LAUGHTER) It looked very casual, didnt it? And what about this bit of news? But it all was about ideas of idealised societies, wasnt it, if you think about it. And thats what I wanted you to log from that. I dont know if that went in. Then I did about 10 minutes, I read out things other people said in a sarcastic voice and it was funny. (LAUGHTER) Yes, it was, you all laughed. (LAUGHTER) You cant go, Thats all it was, and withdraw your laughter. You cant. Then I did about 15 minutes on something funny my son said, didnt I? That was about Islam, it was quite interesting. But at the end of the day, what kind of a routine was that? Oh, dear, it was a Dont Kids Say The Funniest Things? routine. (LAUGHTER) And if youre a 44-year-old standup and youre in Sheffield on a Friday night talking about something funny your kid said, you should kill yourself right there. (LAUGHTER, APPLAUSE) But what can I do? Ive got nothing. Ive got no stuff. I drive around, I look after kids. Ive got nothing. I have no experiences. I dont know about anything to talk about. I drive round and round. Hundred and fifty nights I was on the road last year, you know. Im not complaining. Im very lucky to be able to do this and I enjoy performing, you know. Not tonight, obviously. (LAUGHTER) its not enjoyable. Its interesting. Not enjoyable. Its like being trapped in a thicket. (LAUGHTER) Trying to get out, you know. Its an interesting problem. Its not fun, is it? Hundred and fifty nights and I… You know, I used to like that in the 80s, going around, but now, everywhere is the same, you know. Sheffield is quite interesting. It keeps changing. Itll be nice when youve decided what its supposed to be, I think. (LAUGHTER) That place, The Park, I remember when that was awful. Thats brilliant now, isnt it? You know, you never know… But most places are just… Theyre all the same now. Theres an old bit that was like a Victorian slum, thats now the bit everyone wants to live in. Then theres a 70s bit that was the bit everyone liked in the 70s is now the bit everyone hates. And in that bit, theres a Poundland, a Superdrug and a branch of The Works. (LAUGHTER) In every town. And The Works, to be honest, thats the only thing to me thats interesting about travelling around Britain now, going in The Works. Because you never have any idea whats gonna be in The Works. (LAUGHTER) Sort of stocked at random. (LAUGHTER) its nominally a bookshop, but it appears to be run by people who have a deep-seated suspicion of books. (LAUGHTER) And theyll do anything they can to stock anything other than a book. (LAUGHTER) You go in The Works, ls this a bookshop? Yes. Have you got Ragnarok, by A.S. Byatt. Its won lots of awards? No. (LAUGHTER) Have you got this new book, Savage Continent, about the aftermath of World War II? Its been… No, no. Have you got any novels by Dan Rhodes? He has a new novel out. A novelist. Everyone thinks hes good. No. Have you got a triple pack of 1930s Belgian horror films, (LAUGHTER) a 1998 Richard Bacon calendar, (LAUGHTER) and a papier-maché Make Your Own Concentration Camp craft book? (LAUGHTER) Oh, weve got them, yeah. And theyre on a three for the price of two offer at the moment. Apart from The Works, going around the country is just… Going back to the same places year after year, it makes you feel… Twenty-five years makes you think about your own mortality, your own life. Ill give you an example of what I mean. My dad, for example. My dad is dead now, but my dad was a rep for a cardboard company. And he spent 50 years driving around the motorways, showing people samples of cardboard. Not real cardboard, obviously. Samples of what cardboard could be like. (LAUGHTER) I think about him, I think about me. Ive spent 25 years driving around the motorways showing people samples of jokes. (LAUGHTER) Not, er… (LAUGHTER) Do you see how impossible it is to work this room? Because I… No… You cant because… Down here, I dont even need to finish that joke off. They… Theyve thought, Oh, yeah, samples of jokes. That will be the same as samples of cardboard. Samples of what jokes could be like. But up there, youre just going, Why is he talking about cardboard? its actually not do-able. (LAUGHTER) Theres very… Because down here, this is like a vision of a… This is what it could be like, you know? (LAUGHTER) Where you dont… Youre not like some dick, like, doing jokes, youre just putting an idea out there and they play around with it and it comes back to you. Its like a dialogue, like a vision of a Utopian… And then up there… (LAUGHTER) its never gonna be that because of… its extremely fru… Particularly tonight, its frustrating that this would happen when its being filmed, because you can feel… This could be the best… It is within sight of being the best standup thats ever been filmed. (LAUGHTER) But it wont be because about a third of the room… Thats why I came back here. I love this theatre. This is the… Two or three years ago this was the biggest room Id ever played. I thought, Ill go to Sheffield, Ill do it there. And its not… its… Whats so frustrating, twenty-five years and I have been… Every year, I build up, getting them people. I dont know whats gone wrong. I dont know whats gone wrong. (LAUGHTER) You can feel, down here, its like a different thing. You can feel down here. I wish I was dead. (LAUGHTER) Not dead. I wish I was a dead comedian. Because you love dead comedians, dont you, all of you. You love the dead comedians, dont you? Oh, Frank Carson. Oh, dead. Brilliant, Frank Carson. Hes dead. Oh, Ken Goodwin. Oh, dead Ken Goodwin. Oh, hes brilliant. The middle class people. Oh, dead Bill Hicks. Oh, Bill Hicks. Dead Bill Hicks. Oh, he was brilliant. I wish I was dead Bill Hicks. (LAUGHTER) I wish I could be judged on two hours of material. (LAUGHTER, APPLAUSE) Lazy, dead, fat Bill Hicks. Itd be easy to be dead Bill… its easy being dead. (LAUGHTER) The hard thing, if youre a comedian, is to stay alive. (LAUGHTER) People knocking out a new two hours every year, gradually decreasing the quality of your own obituary. (LAUGHTER) This is an incredibly frustrating situation for the… To be filming tonight and to have this… It makes me feel impotent, you know. Powerless. No control. Of course, my wife wants me to have a vasectomy. (LAUGHTER) Though even she admits there isnt really any pressing need. (LAUGHTER) (LAUGHTER CONTINUES, APPLAUSE) Do you feel… When youve been married a long time, anyone, do you feel that your partner stops viewing you as a sexual being? Do you find that? Sheffield? (LAUGHTER) I do. (LAUGHTER) As an example of what I mean, Ive been married seven years. Six years ago, wed been married a year. I went off to work in Germany for two months. And while I was there I ran out of pants, yeah? Now like a lot of men, I dont really know where my pants come from. (LAUGHTER) I always seem to have some, but I dont remember ever buying any. (LAUGHTER) So I bought some pants in Hannover. German pants. Blue pants with yellow stars on them. I got back to London, one year of marriage, and my wife said to me, You bought new pants. Are you having an affair? (LAUGHTER) Which is funny but its also… its good. Because within that is the suggestion that I could have an affair. That someone could desire me, that I could desire someone as a sexual being in her eyes. Six years later, seven years of marriage, Ive been on this tour for months. I ran out of pants. I bought some new pants in Lincoln, I think. Lincoln pants. (LAUGHTER) Green ones, you know. (LAUGHTER) They didnt have any other colours. (LAUGHTER) It hides the stains, doesnt it? Of my urine, which is green for the purposes of this… (LAUGHTER) I got some new pants, six years of marriage later, seven years of marriage. And my wife said, Oh, youve bought new pants. Did you shit yourself at work? (LAUGHTER) It doesnt give me any pleasure to get such big laughs off a… A shit your pants joke. (LAUGHTER) Not when some of the good stuff has gone to nothing. (LAUGHTER) And when theres people who have brought their friends and theyll be saying to them afterwards. They said to them before they brought them, Hes like a post-modern… Hes very clever, he deconstructs the art of perform… And then their friends are going, I like the shitted pants bit. (LAUGHTER) What can you do? Ive got nothing. I drive around, I look after kids. I didnt want to end the first half on a shitted pants bit. (LAUGHTER) I wanted to end it on a callback in French. (LAUGHTER) But you wouldnt have that, would you? You get the shows you deserve. (LAUGHTER) Thats it, thats how the first half ends. (LAUGHTER, APPLAUSE) (ELECTRONIC MUSIC PLAYING) STEWART LEE: Please welcome back, Stewart Lee. (AUDIENCE CHEERING) (SILLY MUSIC PLAYING) (LAUGHTER) its not really what I… Thank you for coming back. So many of you. Now when my son said, er… ls that a ghost? Yeah? (LAUGHTER) From the first half. Hes not mad, okay? What it is, his main thing that he likes is Scooby Doo, right? And he watches Scooby Doo all the time on TV and DVD. So consequently hes on the lookout for Scooby Doo stuff in his life. Like monsters, ghosts, vampires, pirates, zombies, whatever, because he watches Scooby Doo all the time. And consequently I watch Scooby Doo all the time as well because I do a lot of the child care. By which I mean I watch TV with him. (LAUGHTER) I care for him that way. So I watch Scooby Doo all the time, thats what I mainly do. I mean, drive around doing gigs or watch Scooby Doo with a child. Consequently, I dont know about anything. I dont have any experiences or know about anything at all. I just know about Scooby Doo and driving around and Scooby Doo. I mean, you know… If youve seen me, you know, a couple of years ago here, when I was good, erm… (LAUGHTER) by now I would have talked about Franz Kafka and ancient history and all, like, amazing stuff that happened to me. But I dont know about anything any more. Just dont have any interests or experiences. You know, I mean, in the last 18 months, for example, Ive only seen two films. Ive seen Archipelago, which is an art film about middle class people on a disappointing holiday. (LAUGHTER) And Ive seen a 70-minute cartoon called Scooby Doo and the Pirate Zombie Jungle Island (LAUGHTER) a hundred and eighty times. (LAUGHTER) And I now know more about Scooby Doo and the Pirate Zombie Jungle Island than I do about any other aspect of human culture or history, and I hear the pirate zombies when I sleep and I see the Jungle Islands in my dreams, and thats all that I really know about. I dont know about anything else any more. And its very difficult being a standup only knowing about a pirate zombie jungle island. Because I might see something, I could write a routine about that! But I cant because I can only think of it in terms of a pirate zombie jungle island. And thats not of interest to people. So Ive got nothing. (LAUGHTER) (LAUGHTER) You seen those rope bridges in the jungle? (LAUGHTER) Yeah? Come on, weve all seen them, yeah? The jungle? Yeah? Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know what Im talking about. The jungle canyon rope bridges, yeah? Over the canyons in the jungle, the rope bridges. Theyre… The thing… With all the planks, yeah. The thing about them that Ive noticed, the jungle canyon rope bridges. Yeah, theyre always broken, arent they? Have you noticed that? (LAUGHTER) Yeah, all the planks are all smashed and all the vines are all frayed and hanging. Why? Why are the jungle canyon… Why? Thats what I wanna know. Why are the jungle canyon rope bridges always broken? Tory cuts. (LAUGHTER) They dont care about the jungle canyon rope bridges. They dont use them, do they, the Tories? Flying around in helicopters and chauffeur-driven cars. They pretend to be like us, dont they? But every now and again, the mask slips, doesnt it, when they pretend to be like us, the Tories. Remember what David Cameron said about his wife Samantha when he was pretending to be like us? He said, In many ways Samantha is a very ordinary girl. She once used a jungle canyon rope bridge. (LAUGHTER) Did she fuck! Because they re always broken, arent they? Didnt used to be like that, did it? In the old days, in the 40s, in the 50s, after the war. Back then, the jungle canyon rope bridges, you could see your face in them, couldnt you? Yeah. The planks were all shiny. The vines were tight, werent they? After the war, 40s, 50s, post-war socialist Utopia, contract with the people, call the midwife, etc., etc. Yeah? Remember what William Beveridge said in 1942, architect of the post-war socialist democracy? This is what he said, 1942, William Beveridge, he said, All mystery investigating teenagers… (LAUGHTER) …and dogs… Dogs? (LAUGHTER) Dog. Dog… Youve seen that on Scooby Doo, when they go, Is that your dog? And he goes, Dog? Like that. (LAUGHTER) Yeah. He thinks hes a human, Scooby Doo. Hes very indignant about being called a dog. They go, Would your dog like a drink? He goes, Dog? Like that, as if… You have to watch it a lot! (LAUGHTER) He thinks hes a human, Scooby Doo. Not a dog. Although weirdly he is always sexually aroused by female dogs. (LAUGHTER) Female dog comes in, his hearts going like that. So he thinks hes a human, Scooby Doo, but with very low self-esteem. (LAUGHTER) William Beveridge, 1942, architect, post-war socialist democratic Utopian vision of a better tomorrow. This is what he said. He said All mystery investigating teenagers and dogs… Dogs? Of working age… Yeah, remember? …should pay a weekly national insurance contribution. Thats what he said. And in return all the jungle canyon rope bridges (LAUGHTER) will be fully maintained in a safe condition. Thats what he said, William Beveridge, 1942. Not like that now, is it, Sheffield? Worse if anything, wasnt it? In the 80s under Thatcher, yeah, remember? Now I know it was pretty bad here in the 80s under Thatcher. Pretty bad where I grew up, in the Midlands, in Birmingham. In Birmingham, in the 80s under Thatcher, the jungle canyon rope bridges, well, there werent any, basically. (LAUGHTER) You go out in the 80s, in Birmingham, under Thatcher and you go, Ill just cross over this canyon. Thered be nothing there. (LAUGHTER) Just an empty cliff with some stakes hammered in the top of it. No bridge, just all torn vines hanging down, blowing in the wind. And then youd look down over the, down in the canyon, in Birmingham, in the 80s, under Thatcher, and thered be all the Birmingham people all fallen down there. (LAUGHTER) Dead from the fall, but with third-degree burns because on the way down, they spilled the hot Bovril on themselves. Yeah? (LAUGHTER) Yeah, all the Birmingham people in the 80s under Thatcher walking along, mug of hot Bovril in one hand, tin pail in the other, a tin pail full of faggots. Noddy Holder from Slade controls the faggot supply. (LAUGHTER) Walking along in the 80s, the Birmingham people under Thatcher, mug of boiling-hot Bovril, tin pail of faggots. Ill just go over this rope bridge. Ah, there isnt one! Ah, Im falling down. Oh, Ive spilt all this Bovril on me, ahhh! (LAUGHTER) Dead in the canyon, yeah? People up there, theyre going, Oh, this routine has gone on a bit long. (LAUGHTER) I expect hell stop doing it and talk about something else. No, I wont do that. (LAUGHTER) its picked up, though, hasnt it, from earlier. Better atmosphere now. What happens is, at halftime, people have a little chat with their friends and they go, What do you think? I like it. I do as well, then. (LAUGHTER) They make me sick, people like that. Id rather you just sat there hating it than have lied. Bare it. Youre all right, arent you? Picked up. The worse crowds are, erm… London, the week before Christmas. Its a waste of time. People just go out at random to anything. I normally sell stuff after the show. I wasnt gonna bother tonight. I might do now, if its been all right. (LAUGHTER) Well, you dont just wanna sit there with loads of people filing past spitting at you. But itll be all right. Itll be all right. And I was selling stuff in London afterwards at Christmas and I heard a young girl, about 20, and she went, I didnt really… I didnt really get that stuff about the jungle canyon rope bridges, to be honest, she said, because I wasnt born in the 80s. (LAUGHTER) Ah, its heartbreaking, innit? As a young woman, shes thinking, if only Id been born in the 80s. Do you remember when there was a funding deficit, at both national and regional level, for the provision of jungle canyon rope bridges? (LAUGHTER) Young people are idiots, arent they? I cant… I hate them. I cant stand anyone under 40. (LAUGHTER) Now if youre young, why would you come to this, you know, old man wandering around? (LAUGHTER) You got your own things, havent you, young people. Circuses and fairs, thats what you got. (LAUGHTER) Sticks with balloons tied to them. (LAUGHTER) Remember the canyons in the 80s under Thatcher? Not the rope bridges, weve done with that now. Remember the canyons in the Thatcher days? Down here, you remember them a bit, dont you? Some of you. Ill just talk to you. (LAUGHTER) The canyons under Thatcher, they were… They were infested, werent they? Remember the infestations in the canyons in the Thatcher days? In the 80s, they were infested, werent they? The canyons. In the 80s, under Thatcher, with, er, pirate zombies? (LAUGHTER) Remember all the pirate zombies in the canyons in the Thatcher days? Yeah? Ill just talk to you. I wont bother with them. Remember the canyons, the pirate zombies, youd look down, wouldnt you? In the canyon, thered be all pirate zombies, argh, one arm. (LAUGHTER) Yeah. Why? Why were the… Why were the canyons in the 80s under Thatcher infested with pirate zombies? (LAUGHTER) Privatisation. (LAUGHTER) Well, it was, wasnt it? Didnt affect the shareholders, did it, if the… If the canyons were infested with pirate zombies or not. No. The shareholders dividends were ring fenced against pirate zombie infestation. (LAUGHTER) Remember what Thatcher… its the last bit of this routine now. (LAUGHTER) Remember what Thatcher said in the 80s about the jungle canyon rope bridges? She didnt care. Yeah, you remember, dont you? People are going, Yeah, we remember. What a good crowd they are, right? Because what the people down here are doing, is they bought into the idea even though the idea of this routine is Im pretending that in the 80s there was an issue about (LAUGHTER) jungle canyon rope bridges, a satire of Thatcher economic social policy. The people down here, theyve decided to play the part of an audience from a parallel universe where that was true. (LAUGHTER) And they go, Yeah, I remember that. Ugh. Youre nowhere near that, are you? Youre not even approaching there. Theyre confident enough, they got the jokes in the first half, now theyve decided to experiment with taking on different personalities. (LAUGHTER) See if they can still get the jokes whilst in character. (LAUGHTER) Theyre running rings around you. Im telling you. Remember what Thatcher said in the 80s about the jungle canyon rope bridges? Yeah, we do. Yeah. This is what she said. Thatcher, yeah? She said, A mystery investigating teenager or dog… Dog? (LAUGHTER) They like that. They like dog in a high voice up there. Thats your favourite bit, isnt it? Me saying dog in a high voice. Its not my favourite bit of this routine. You wanna know… My favourite bit of this routine is the phrase, The shareholders dividends were ring fenced against pirate zombie infestation. But no one up there was laughing at that. (LAUGHTER) Which confirms to me the suspicion that for most of the evening, weve been talking at cross purposes. (LAUGHTER) This is what she said, Thatcher. She said, A mystery investigating teenager or dog… Dog? …Who beyond the age of 26, remember this one, finds himself still using a jungle canyon rope bridge… This is what she said, Thatcher. …Can count himself a failure in life. Thats what she said. Thatcher, Thatcher, Thatcher, Thatcher, the jungle canyon rope bridge snatcher. (LAUGHTER, APPLAUSE) Dont clap that. (LAUGHTER) Scooby Doo-Thatcher routine. Jesus. A waste of time. (LAUGHTER) You know whats awful about that. In 1986, when I started writing comedy with Richard Herring, you should know. Erm… We made a list of 10 things that we thought were too cliched to do jokes about. In 1986. And two of the things on that list of 10 things in 1986 was Scooby Doo and Thatcher. (LAUGHTER) We all grow up, dont we, to become the thing we despised as teenagers. No. What can I do? Ive got nothing. I drive around. I look after kids. Ive got nothing. I have to do whatever comes to hand, you know. Nothing. I rang up a lot of the young comics to ask them what to do. Yeah, you seen them? All these young comedians they have now. All the Russells. Youve seen them? Theyre all called Russell. All these Russells. Yeah, loads of them. Loads and loads of Russells. You strike one down, another springs up in its path. (LAUGHTER) Theyre like the skeletons in Jason And The Argonauts. (LAUGHTER) But skinnier. And with less joy behind their eyes. (LAUGHTER) So I rang them up. I rang up all the Russells in their hutch. (LAUGHTER) I said, Hey, you Russells, Russell, Russell, Russell. I said to them, I got no material. What should I do? And he said, Never mind, just run around. (LAUGHTER) Ive got nothing. I drive around, I look after kids. I got nothing. I got no ideas. This show opened in November in London. In October, Id got no ideas what to put in it. I was desperate. I used to go out in the afternoon and drive round and round the North Circular Road in London just hoping something funny would happen to me. (LAUGHTER) But it didnt. I just ended up with loads of ideas for routines about the names of shops Id seen at the side of the road. (LAUGHTER) (LAUGHTER) So I was driving around the North Circular, yeah? And I drove past World of Leather. I thought, World of Leather! Imagine if it was a world made out of leather. I hope it is. There might be five minutes in it. (LAUGHTER) So I went into World of Leather, but it was just a shop. (LAUGHTER) I went up to the World of Leather. man, he wasnt made out of leather. It was just made up of all skin and hair and stuff. I said to him, Hey, I thought this would be a World of Leather. And he said, How would that work? (LAUGHTER) I said, You get a leather chair like that, roll it over on its side. You got a leather hill. (LAUGHTER) He said, Get out. (LAUGHTER) I was desperate. I go back in the car, I went south down the North Circular. West along the A40 towards Oxford past World of Golf. I thought, Yes, World of Golf! Imagine if it was a world made out of golf! I hope it is. I hope it is. There might be five minutes in it. I went in to World of Golf but its just a shop. I went up to the World of Golf man, he wasnt made out of golf. He was just made up of old meat, of water, 95%, did you know that? 95% water, all of us, and yet they say theres a shortage. (LAUGHTER) I said to him, Hey, I thought this would be a World of Golf. He said, How would that work? I said, You get golf clubs, stick them in the ground like that. Theyre like trees. (LAUGHTER) Golf bag kicked over on its side, its like a cave. (LAUGHTER) Golf balls, theyd be things in nature, that are white and round. (LAUGHTER) Like the moon. Or a worms egg on the rim of a cats bottom. (LAUGHTER) And he said, Im gonna have to stop you there. (LAUGHTER) He said, This is World of Golf. What youre describing is World of Golf Equipment. (LAUGHTER) Golf is an abstract noun. (LAUGHTER) Get out. (LAUGHTER) I said, I dont care. I dont even like golf. I hate it. I was desperate. I got back in the car. I drove east along the A40, north up the North Circular. To Staples Corner. Office World. Theres an Office World. Oh, I hope its a world made out of offices! I went in the car park, and the Office World man came running across the tarmac towards me. The Office World man and he had a typewriter for a head. (LAUGHTER) And staplers for hands. And mou… Mouse, mice… Mouse mats, mouse mice mats for feet. And a desk tidy pen holding thing for his heart. (LAUGHTER) And he had a Balamory ruler for his cock. (LAUGHTER) With Miles Jupps face on it. (LAUGHTER) And he had a… A pen lid, yeah? Yeah, you know, a pen lid on a pen? A pen lid, yeah? That was his nose. A pen lid nose. And he had a… You know those little stickers, about that big, white? Little white stickers, round. You push the middle out like a Polo. Like a flat Polo-dimensioned sticker and use them for reinforcing a flimsy document in a binder, yeah? You seen these little white Polo stickers. He had about a million of them, yeah. And they were his mind. (LAUGHTER) All of your thoughts, yeah? Going round. Then he had a little… You know, a bit, a piece of string about that long, green, like wool, fibrous like wool is. With a tag on either end. Treasury tags, little metal tags on either end. He had about a thousand of them all tied up in a big spiral and that was his DNA. (LAUGHTER) Inside him, subatomic, Crick and Watson. Yeah, DNA. And he had, er, rubber, yeah, and that was his brain. And he had a… I dont think they make these any more, actually. Like a black dial with letters and numbers on it. Black, in a housing, a printer housing. Remember these? You feed a… You feed a strip of… Remember this? Yeah. Huh? Yeah. You cant get them now can you? No. You feed a strip of, like plastic through. You print out words to make a label for a desk or whatever. Anyway, not that. Forget about that. Im not just… (LAUGHTER) Did you have one? You remember the strip that went through it? Im not interested in the printer thing or the top part of the strip. What Im talking about underneath the strip there was a… What? A thing that you tore off. Remember? To protect the sticky part of it. Underneath a thin, a transparent strip that you tore off the… That. That is what Im talking about. (LAUGHTER) A transparent strip. He had that cut up into loads of much smaller, thinner strips and they were like, you know when you go, er, when you can see all bacteria in your eyes. (LAUGHTER) And he had a pencil sharpener. You know them pencil sharpeners? You put a pencil in it, dont you? To sharpen it up. Yeah? Pencil sharpener, yeah? The pencil goes in, turn it around, it comes out sharp. A pencil sharpener, youve seen them. That was his anus. (LAUGHTER) Anyway, I said to him, Whats going on here? (LAUGHTER) He said, Well, I heard you were coming. (LAUGHTER) So I quickly underwent all these painful and expensive surgical procedures, having parts of my body replaced with stationery. Some of which is no Ion er 9 commercially available. (LAUGHTER) I had to stay up late and bid for it on e-Bay. (LAUGHTER) And I did all this, he said, with a view towards thwarting your attempts to get material out of coming here. (LAUGHTER) I said, Well, you didnt thwart it, did you? Demonstrably, I said to him, I got about four or five minutes out of it. (LAUGHTER) He said, I thwarted it in the long run, he said. I said, How? He said, Well, Youre a professional comic Im not gonna patronise you. He said, You know the rule of three. I said, Thats right. Any list of things, funny things, should be three things long. The third one should be the funniest. He said, Thats right. So you should have done three of the things. The third one should have been either the Balamory ruler penis or the pencil sharpener anus, he said. But only the pencil sharpener anus, if youd had the foresight to tie it back in to the bleeding. (LAUGHTER) But he said… What I did, he said, You should have gone in there, 1, 2, 3, out. What I did, he said, was I had way more surgical procedures done than I knew would be optimally funny. (LAUGHTER) But knowing your work, he said, Ive seen you and I know how you work, I knew that you would feel obliged to list them all. (LAUGHTER) And that would mean that while there were pockets of hilarity in the room, on the whole, a list that long would cause the trust and energy in the room to dissipate. (LAUGHTER) So Ive got nothing. (LAUGHTER) I drive around and look after kids. Ive got nothing. I thought Id copy some of the award-winning standup shows. The shows that are winning awards now. Copy them, yeah? The shows that are winning awards now. The sad standup shows. Thats the new thing, sad standup shows. Oh, my dads dead. Oh, Ive had chemotherapy. Oh, Ive got divorced. Oh, Im adopted. You seen these sort of shows? They wont be in a place like this. Theyll be in little art centres and whatever. Plus by the time a comedians playing here, er, creatively spent, normally. (LAUGHTER) Little, yeah, sad comedy shows and then at the end a bit of sad music comes in. Clair de la Lune or something like that. And the comedian goes, but despite everything, I learned that lifes like… You know. Youve seen these? Sad comedy shows? No? You dont know what Im talking about? Youre not a comedy crowd, are you really? (LAUGHTER) Russell Kanes done one. Youve heard of him. Hes on the telly a lot. No? Hes done one about his dad dying? Hes done a sad, award winning standup show about his dad dying. His dad dies and then he goes a bit mad and then he becomes famous, and then he ends up getting off with loads of glamour models. Its about how awful that was for him. (LAUGHTER) Ive not seen it. Actually my wife saw it, Russell Kanes show about his dad dying, and she said it was great. She said what was brilliant about it was you werent expecting it because it was a comedy but at the end, she said, it was actually very moving and she was crying. And I said to her, You were crying at the end of a standup show? She said, Yeah. I said, Well, its not any good then, is it? (LAUGHTER) You know, Im from the 80s admittedly, right? Im old-school, but I think if you go and see a comedian and at the end youre crying, right? That is someone who cannot do their job. (LAUGHTER) But like I said, I havent seen Russell Kanes show about his dad dying. Im sure its very good. What I am impressed by about it, though, is the fact that he managed to not resolve his grief for long enough to tour it commercially. (LAUGHTER) Oh, my dads dead. Oh, shut up. Shut up and give your award back, idiot. (LAUGHTER) All our dads are dead, arent they? All our dads die. We all die. What are we? Were just meat being shoveled into a grave. (LAUGHTER) Do you wanna hear that on a night out? (LAUGHTER) Sad comedy shows. It makes me sick. Sad. What a… Sad. Sad… What an insult to ordinary people in a recession. (LAUGHTER) Yeah, lets go out. Oh, Ive just lost my job. Im so depressed. Ill go and see the comedian to cheer me up. Count out all the money for the emergency. (LAUGHTER) Where is it on at? Oh, the O2, thats 47 pounds. (LAUGHTER) And parking, thats 30 pounds. And well need a baseball hat with the comedians face on it. (LAUGHTER) Weve just got enough. Oh, great. Ha, ha, ha, Im crying now. (LAUGHTER) Sad comedy. Ive only got one arm. Oh, fuck off back to New Zealand. (LAUGHTER) Youre not even real. People doing… I could do a sad comedy show. Loads of awful things have happened to me. Adopted, divorced parents, 65,000 born-again Christians tried to send me to prison. You dont see me doing standup shows about that. (LAUGHTER) Because Ive got some self, Ive got some dignity and self-respect. People doing shows about themselves. How self-indulgent is that? (LAUGHTER) I couldnt do a show about myself if I wanted to. I dont know who I am. Who am I? I dont know. Were defined by what we do. I dont do anything. I drive around and look after kids. (LAUGHTER) You couldnt do a standup show about that. (LAUGHTER) People wouldnt stand for it. (LAUGHTER) I dont know who… I dont know… Lee Mack knows who he is, doesnt he? Lee Mack. Four and half million people watching, they come up to him on the street. Are you Lee Mack? Yeah, I am. People come up to me and they go, Are you Terry Christian? (LAUGHTER) The bloke from UB40. (LAUGHTER) Whats Tanita Tikaram doing in the gents? (LAUGHTER) I thought Kim Jong-Il was dead. (LAUGHTER) Impossible. I… All thats happened to me since I went on telly is half a million more people now insist to my face that Im someone else. (LAUGHTER) Right here this afternoon in the square in Sheffield getting all these carpets in. And… (MILD LAUGHTER) Theyre not here normally, those. (LAUGHTER) We have to get… We brought them. We have to get them in. They dont get themselves in, do they? Im not the Sorcerers Apprentice. (LAUGHTER) Anyway, a bloke came up to me and he went, its you, isnt it? I went, Yeah! He goes, What are you doing here? I said, Im doing a standup show in the theatre here in Sheffield tonight. He said, Really? Shouldnt you be at the Hague war crimes tribunal? (LAUGHTER) He thought I was General Ratko Mladic. The genocidal Serbian warlord. (LAUGHTER) Hes 67 years old. (LAUGHTER) its an impossible situation Hes going, its you, isnt it? I was going, Yeah. The only dignified way out of it is to allow him to continue to think I am General Ratko Mladic. (LAUGHTER) He said, Shouldnt you be at the Hague war crimes tribunal? I went, Oh, no, you know… (LAUGHTER) The woman out there, she did the form in wrong. She wrote over the line. She went, Oh, God, itll take ages to do all this again. You can go off, you know. (LAUGHTER) He goes, So youve come here? I said, Yeah. To Sheffield? To do standup comedy? (LAUGHTER) Yeah, you know. Ive had an interesting life. (LAUGHTER) Theres a sad bit at the end. (LAUGHTER) When Im caught. I play Clair de la Lune, I talk about that. People are in floods, Ive won a Chortle Award. (LAUGHTER) He said, No of fence, mate. But I think what youve done out there is awful, obscene. At worst, you should be in prison for life and at best you should be executed. I said to him, I agree with you, to be honest, you know. But what do you actually want me to do because they in the Hague, theyve said go off. So, you know, what? What do you want me to do about that? And he went, Oh, all right, mate. Then he went off. (LAUGHTER) Going to the dressing room here, laptop, wi-fi, Internet. Looked it up on Twitter. You have to look everything up on Twitter now, dont you? Stay in touch with whats around you! Looked up the blokes feed on Twitter. It comes up, Met General Ratko Mladic in Sheffield today. Much nicer bloke in real life. (LAUGHTER) I hate Twitter. You love it, dont you? You got Twitter? its brilliant. Your virtual online Utopian futuristic society. Direct communication between any individuals. Unfettered by government, you know, interference. Freedom of information. Arab Spring. We love Twitter. I hate Twitter. The only good thing about Twitter is if I have a mental breakdown and forget everything that ever happened to me, I could gradually piece my life back together by putting my name into the search engine in Twitter. Because about every 90 minutes, one of you feels obliged to do an update of where I am and what Im doing. (LAUGHTER) 8:30 a.m., I cant believe it. Just seen Stewart Lee taking his son to school on the 393 bus. Theyre talking about Scooby Doo. He looks depressed. (LAUGHTER) 10:00 a.m., cant believe it. I am sitting next to Stewart Lee in the Clock Cafe, Highbury. He is eating a muffin. He looks fat. (LAUGHTER) 11:30 a.m., Hackney celebrity alert. Just seen Stewart Lee walking around Abney Park Cemetery on his own. He looks fat and depressed. (LAUGHTER) 1:30 p.m., wowaroonie! Just seen Stewart Lee walking around Dalston Junction on his own. Eating a burger in the street. He looks fat and depressed and fat. (LAUGHTER) I hate Twitter. Its like a state surveillance agency run by gullible volunteers. (LAUGHTER) its a Stasi for the Angry Birds generation. (LAUGHTER) If youre an F-list celebrity, it makes your life impo… Youre paranoid all the time being spied on. To give you an example of what I mean. Last October, I was driving along the M40. I wasnt gonna do a gig this time. I was going to Birmingham to put flowers on the grave of a relative. And I stopped at the Cherwell Services and I went to the florists there. I got a big bunch of flowers, and on the way out, the woman on the perfume concession stand caught my eye and she said to me, Perfume, sir, to go with the flowers for the lady? And I went, Ah, theyre for someones grave. And she went, Oh, and the other woman went, Oh, no. And then there were all people standing around going, Oh, look, look at whats happened. (LAUGHTER) I thought, This will be on Twitter. Its exactly the kind of thing that goes on Twitter. So I thought Id say something light hearted to bring the event to a close, you know. So I said to her, Oh, never mind, give us some perfume, Ill spray it around all the graves. (LAUGHTER) Got home, looked it up on Twitter. You have to look it up on Twitter now. Stay in touch with whats around you. Womans feed comes up. The comedian in inverted commas, Stewart Lee, came in our perfume stand today. He is even less funny in real life. (LAUGHTER) You know what? That didnt happen. (LAUGHTER) It sort of happened a bit, but I changed it for comic effect. Because what really happened is just bleak. (LAUGHTER) I was going to Birmingham to put flowers on a grave and the woman did say to me, Perfume, sir, to go with the flowers for the lady. But I didnt say any of that stuff. I just said… Oh, for fucks sake. (LAUGHTER) Er… Excuse me? Yeah, erm, in your job, Im not threatening you, Im just saying… (LAUGHTER) …that look, theres a lot of reasons, arent there, why someone could be buying flowers, and I know that you… No. I know you have to hit targets and… But, you know, maybe you should think about what those… All those reasons what they could be before you just, you know… Got home, looked it up on Twitter. (LAUGHTER) Womans feed comes up. General Ratko Mladic came in today. (LAUGHTER) Hes even more grumpy in real life. (LAUGHTER) Internet, Twitter. It drives you mad. Facebook and all these message boards. Five minutes on Google, right, I can find… I can put my name and Ill find hundreds of people all slagging me off. Im gonna read out some quotes now, Five minutes on Google. These are real, right? In the context of the show, you have to appreciate this. The first four quotes from Americans that I read out, three of them are real. I made one up. (LAUGHTER) The letters, people complaining about Islam, they were exaggerated versions of real ones Ive had. The quote from the guy in Dubai, that was real, verbatim. And then all the things about the jungle canyon rope bridges, they were real political speeches from the past. (LAUGHTER) But I replaced the policy things in them. (LAUGHTER) Yeah. From Scooby Doo. Yeah. And now… Okay, these are all real. Five minutes on Google. Can I have the jazz music and the lighting change please? (SOFT JAZZ MUSIC PLAYING) (LAUGHTER) Rowing Rob on The Guardians Comment is Free site calls me a sneering tosser. (LAUGHTER) Tokyo Fist on YouTube writes, Smug elitist liberalism. Who is this cunt? (LAUGHTER) Warto15 on Twitter writes, I hate Stewart Lee with a passion. Hes like Ian Huntley to me. (LAUGHTER) Huey on Youtube says, Stewart Lee, I will shove my thick cock in your throat, you gaylord. (LAUGHTER) Z-Factor on Twitter writes, Stewart Lee addresses an insular cadre of socially challenged, prematurely middle aged, pseudo-intellectual men. (MILD LAUGHTER) I know. Yeah. Look. (LAUGHTER) Not as exclusively as Id like, to be honest. Itll just be us again soon. It wont last. It cant last. Well be back to one night and then itll be all right. Pudabaya writes, I spent the entire show thinking of how much I want to punch Stewart Lee in his face. The fucking smug face cunt. (LAUGHTER) And thats on a website that is actually called, beexcellenttoeachother.com. (LAUGHTER) A Jimmy Vespa on dontstartmeoff.com writes, A shit-haired cunt. who resides at the very apex of all that is absolute patience testing wank. (LAUGHTER) Seriously when there is the comedy equivalent of the Nuremberg trials, this bastard is gonna be hung from the highest fucking lamppost, (LAUGHTER) pelted with wasps nest and dog turds and eventually blasted with a flame thrower. Fucking hell, he concludes. I cant put into words… (LAUGHTER) …how much I detest this utter fucking cunt. Man in a Banana Suit on the Guardian website writes, Stewart Lee has made a career out of smugness. I hope fucking Crohns disease kills him. (LAUGHTER) Ricardo writes, Whenever I see his photo I dream hes just seen my boot, a split second before it rips his face inside out. (LAUGHTER) Shindig on the dugout.net calls me an aging cunt with an Eskimo face from the 90s. (LAUGHTER) One from Mumsnet here. (LAUGHTER) Queen of the Harpies says, My mate had a huge crush on Stewart Lee, but even shes starting to admit time hasnt been kind to him. (LAUGHTER) And this ones from a Sheffield football website and it says, I know this guy, not well, but I can confirm that he is a cock. (LAUGHTER) Ive spoken to him several times in the past at various get-togethers, although not recently, and he is a pillock. He used to go out with my wifes cousin. He came up a few times for Christmas and one or two other things. I found him condescending and arrogant. Anyway, theyve split up now and my wifes cousin seems a lot happier. (LAUGHTER) (APPLAUSE) I mean, I know who that is obviously. (LAUGHTER) Unbelievable, innit? (LAUGHTER) I used to… Funny thing is I used to really like… I liked that guy, you know. Is your cousins husband gonna be there at Christmas? Oh, great, you know. Wedding present he used to like. I should get him some records. Then you find… Ten years later you find that, you know. Used to go out with him. Go out with him. Went to the Hyena Club in Newcastle, one night in 1999, in November, to see Lewis Schaffer, American comic, then we went into the comics bar, you know, till about 3:00 with him, you know. You wanna drink, mate? Yeah. Brilliant. You know. Great. Then you think, What was he actually thinking? (LAUGHTER) Get I fucking hate this bloke. (LAUGHTER) You dont get that, do you, in your lives. You dont get it. Whats done is done. It doesnt come back. His mum, right? The guy who wrote thats mum. I had her to stay with me for about a week in London. When I lived in the flat above the estate agents by the fire station, if you remember that. (LAUGHTER) Not a big flat, you know. She was on some course. She was like an old hippie, I really liked her actually. I remember it was a Saturday afternoon and I was putting some, an old bed together and I had a record on. She was there. I had an old vinyl. The second album by Dr Strangely Strange, an Irish folk rock band in the 70s and it… His mum, that wrote that, his mum. She goes, Oh, I used to love this record when I was a kid. I havent heard it for 30 years. And she knew all the words and you know… And this was before downloads and CD reissues and stuff. And I said to her, You can have it. And I gave the mum of the guy that wrote that my original Island Pressing Pink Label gatefold sleeve second Dr Strangely Strange album like a cock would. (LAUGHTER) Thats the condescending thing to do, isnt it? To give an old woman something of irreplaceable value, that she would love. This isnt even… This is just some. Ive got a 40,000-word document of all this. (LAUGHTER) Because I thought it would be funny, look on the Internet and see for a bit in the show. But I didnt realise there would be so much. (LAUGHTER) its like pulling a thread. You start and you cant… And everything unravels. (LAUGHTER) Knowing this is all there, it makes it quite hard to do this if you think about it, right? You think, Oh, Ill just go out in the world, interact with some people, have a lot… Dont walk out during this. Dont. (LAUGHTER) (APPLAUSE) This is bad. Its bad for someone to say they hope you die, on the Internet. But that is worse. (LAUGHTER) What is it about this bit that you dont buy into? You think, Oh, I dont feel hes working hard enough really. (LAUGHTER) (QUIETLY) Fuck you. (LAUGHTER) You go out now, do you? You think… I mean, this is obviously nearly the end of the show, isnt it? I cant recover it from this. (LAUGHTER) Ill go out for a bit, Ill come back in when its funny again. It wont be. Its not gonna be funny again, is it? (LAUGHTER) You get… You cant… You know, you being a comic when you know youre under surveillance by people that despise you is quite hard. You think, Ill go out in the world, interact with some people. Get some ideas, have a laugh. Go in the shop. Have a laugh with a bloke, bit of banter, get home. You know, you get home, you look on the Internet. A fucking cunt came in my shop today. (LAUGHTER) He even reminded me of a paedophile. (LAUGHTER) Who would kill a child. I hope he dies from a wasting disease. And all cocks go in his mouth. (LAUGHTER) Fucking Eskimo face cunt. (LAUGHTER) And its all there, all out there. And you say, dont you? Ive seen you. You go, Look at us, virtual online Facebook friends, Twitter community. Virtual online Utopian vision of tomorrows better… What are you? Youre like rats fighting in a ditch. (LAUGHTER) Over some piss. (LAUGHTER) So, youll forgive me if there isnt really much of a show this year. (LAUGHTER) And if it just sort of stops. (LAUGHTER) We went up… We went up at… Ive done the time that were supposed to. (LAUGHTER) There were already people walking out. (LAUGHTER) Well, Ill just do a quick little bit and then we can go. (LAUGHTER) So I was driving round the North Circular and I drove past PC World! (LAUGHTER) (SCREAMING) And you know what? I couldnt even be bothered to think of anything funny about that. (LAUGHTER) You can do it, cant you? Get in your cars, drive around, look at all the shops, think about their names and think about how you could misinterpret them for comic effect. (LAUGHTER) Because thats what I have to do day after day. For what? For this? For indifference? People walking out? (LAUGHTER) You do it! Get in your cars, drive around, look at the names of shops and then you can put it on your Twitter feeds, you fucking miserable Sheffield cunts! (LAUGHTER, APPLAUSE) I got back in the car from PC World. I thought, Im just gonna drive home now. There wont even be a proper end to the show, itll just stop! (LAUGHTER) Then five minutes from home, five minutes from home, I was in Dalston and I drove past a butchers called City Meat! (LAUGHTER) And its like an illness, I couldnt help myself! (LAUGHTER) (TOUGH LONDON VOICE) Like meat, live in a city? Get yourself down to City Meat! (LAUGHTER) We got all the different meat animals. Cows, pigs, chickens, etc., but they live in the city of London. Like meat, live in a city? City Meat for City People Get yourself down to City Meat! (LAUGHTER) (IN HIGH VOICE) Do the City Meat animals graze on the grass of the City Farm Hackney, butcher? (TOUGH VOICE) No, they dont! Grass is for poofs! (LAUGHTER) Theyre city animals, they live on what they find on the floor in the city! Like what? Like old, chucked away AIDS-infected spunked-in condoms! Discarded hepatitis-ridden heroin needles! Licked out wraps of speed! Torn-up pornography, crushed Polish beer cans, and ripped up leaflets advertising The Miracle Healing Church at Finsbury Park. (LAUGHTER) (HIGH VOICE) Doesnt this diet of filth make them sick, butcher? (TOUGH VOICE) Yeah, it does! And they love being sick! The slags! (LAUGHTER) Because theyre city animals at City Meat! Live in the city, like meat? Get yourself down to City Meat! (LAUGHTER) (HIGH VOICE) And this City Meat butchers was in London, was it, butcher? (TOUGH VOICE) Yes, in London. City Meat. (HIGH VOICE) Are you sure? (TOUGH VOICE) Its City Meat! (HIGH VOICE) Are you sure you didnt see a butchers called City Meat on the side of the A40 in Shirley in Birmingham? (LAUGHTER) In between the Cherwell Services and the cemetery? (TOUGH VOICE) It was in London. (HIGH VOICE) Birmingham. (HIGH VOICE) But you realised theres no way the City Meat bit will be a punchy enough end to the show if the butcher had a Birmingham accent? (LAUGHTER) (BIRMINGHAM ACCENT) Do you like meat? (LAUGHTER) Do you live in the city? (LAUGHTER) Get yourself down to City Meat! (LAUGHTER) We got all the different meat animals. (LAUGHTER) Pork, thats a pig. (LAUGHTER) Beef, thats a cow. (LAUGHTER) Chicken, same, chicken. (LAUGHTER) And they run all around the city of Birmingham. Theyre very happy like because I dont know if you know, in the last few years, theres been a lot of redevelopment work here. (LAUGHTER) Theres loads of green spaces and, all around, the cathedrals all been done up and… In Birmingham now there is actually more miles of canals than there is rats. (LAUGHTER) And they re very happy. They ate all the locals food. They have a big trough of Bovril, they lick that out. (LAUGHTER) And in the morning, about 5:30, Noddy Holder flies over in a (LAUGHTER) Halifax Bomber, chucking out old faggots for them to eat. (LAUGHTER) And at the weekend, for a treat, they have a balti now. A lot of people think wrongly that a balti is an Indian dish but it actually originated in Birmingham or around Sparkbrook and Bearwood, and they actually call that the Balti Triangle now and its like a tourist attraction. And at the week, on a Friday night, people will come for a balti from as far away as Kidderminster. (LAUGHTER) I got nothing. (LAUGHTER) So I got in the car one last time and I drive north to the industrial estates near Sunderland with the sole intention of visiting a retail outlet called Carpet Remnant World. (SOFT MUSIC PLAYING) I stood outside the Carpet Remnant World and I was overcome with a terrible sadness and it was very moving. Carpet Remnant World. It didnt even sell carpets. (LAUGHTER) It sold remnants of carpets. (LAUGHTER) Remnants of human hopes. Remnants of human dreams and it spoke to me about the gulf between what we are and what we could aspire to be. Imagine to sleep, to dream, of living in Newcastle with a carpet. (LAUGHTER) To wake and to find instead that you live in Sunderland (LAUGHTER) with some carpet remnants. (LAUGHTER) its too sad to bear. So I went into Remnant Carpet World. You know what? It was a world made out of carpet remnants. Tiny, perfectly proportioned carpet remnant homes and long, wide carpet remnant avenues, lined with carpet remnant schools and carpet remnant hospitals. And carpet remnant universities. Free carpet remnant universities. And carpet remnant libraries that did not labour under the threat of closure and all of them full of carpet remnant people living in perfectly harmony from each according to his durability, (LAUGHTER) to each according to his weave. (LAUGHTER) The carpet remnant world man came up to me and he was made of carpet remnants and he said to me, What do you think of our Carpet Remnant World? And I said, its beautiful. A Utopia. (LAUGHTER) And he said, Really? I always expect people to be cynical. And I said, Why? And he said, I was warned by my friends at the World of Leather, the World of Golf, and Office World and PC World and both regional outlets of City Meat. (LAUGHTER) Then he said to me, But theres a message for you in Carpet Remnant World, Stewart Lee, and its this. That a ragbag of seemingly disparate and unrelated items, people, concepts, things, can, if stitched together in the correct order, with a degree of sensitivity, give the impression of being a satisfying whole. (LAUGHTER) And I said to him, You mean… And he said, (LAUGHS WEAKLY) Yes. (MUSIC FADES) (SNAPS FINGERS) (AUDIENCE APPLAUDS) Thank you. This is a beautiful theatre to be in, one of the nicest in the country. Thanks to everyone whos worked so hard in putting this up tonight. Thanks a lot. Good night. (AUDIENCE CHEERING) (INSTRUMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING)

KEVIN BRIDGES@THE STORY CONTINUES@2012@(ROCK MUSIC PLAYING) (BARKING) Oh! (COUGHS) (GRUNTS) (TYRES SCREECH) (HORN HONKS) (LAUGHS EVILLY) ANNOUNCER: Ladies and Gentlemen, please welcome Kevin Bridges! (AUDIENCE CHEERING) (WHISTLING) Cheers. Thank you, all. Hello! (CHUCKLES) Yeah! (AUDIENCE CHEERING) (CHUCKLES) Good evening, Glasgow. (CHEERING) Thanks for that. Good to be here. Good to be back. How we feelin? Feelin good? Thanks for that beautiful welcome there. Thanks for coming out. I appreciate that. First of all, spending your hard-earned dosh, on a ticket to see me, in these tough times. Thanks very much for that, means a lot. – Sold-out show. Yeah! (CHEERING) (CHUCKLES) In these tough times, spending your hard-earned dosh on a ticket to see any comedian this year knowing that theres a good chance were paying fuck all tax. Well done for that. People thought Jimmy Carr got it bad. Wait till the press hear about me. Im still signin on. Thats just a wee joke there, wee ice-breaker before anybodys fuckin… Shock revelation. I dont get these guys, dodgin tax. How much fucking money do you need? These super-rich guys with, like, 30 million pound in offshore accounts. If youve got 30 million pound, dont put it in an offshore account. Put it in a current account, and fucking look at it. I would never pass a cash machine again. Just gonna go and press display balance here, guys. Your balance is 30 million pound. Today you may withdraw 300 quid. A double-dip recession. Thats what theyre callin it. Thats what were in – double dip. I dont even know what that means. That used to be a good thing. Double dip. Since when was that a negative? These fucking bankers have ruined Dib Dabs. I used to think of orange and cherry sherbet with a swizzle stick. Now you think of government cuts. I dont fully understand it. I read last week, America, theyre in 16 trillion dollars of debt. That is fucking unacceptable, innit? How the fuck do you get into 16 trillion dollars? Surely somebody at the IMFs gotta get on the phone, Look, youve fucking got till Friday. Trying to make us look like pricks here? 16 trillion? America are skint, Europe are skint. I hope Africa have got some good rock bands cause we need a concert. (APPLAUSE) (CHUCKLES) Thats my solution. Its their fucking round! (CHUCKLES) They can show some appeal videos. This is Gordon and Diane from Bishopbriggs. Oh, I cannae watch these videos. Why do they always show you this stuff when youre having your tea? Do you notice that? Gordon and Diane, like so many others, took out a fixed-rate mortgage. Everybodys going, Oh, fucking… The world can be such a fuckin cruel place. Puts things into perspective. It was only this morning I had the cheek to moan about having to walk 20 miles for clean water. Then you fucking see this. Every time I click my fingers, a newly married couple from Dumfries have a credit card application rejected. A double-dip recession. Ive got mates that have lost their job. I know people who have went beyond unemployed. Ive got people in my social circle… Ive got friends who I can only describe as being unemployed as fuck. (LAUGHTER) I know thats not fully utilising the English language, but thats whats being created these days. People who have just been forgotten about, people who are unemployed as fuck! Theyve just been forced to embrace the rut theyre in. Theyre sat at home. Theyve got their routines. Homes Under the Hammer, then its Man Versus Food. Theyre fuckin adamant theyve been mis-sold PPI. Every 15 minutes you see that advert. On the phone, Wheres my fucking PPI then? I dont know what it stands for, but I would like it back. I need that money so I can adopt a snow leopard. I feel for them. It must be tough under the Coalition government, I love their proposals for the job crisis, David Cameron and thay guys, the Work Experience Programmes creating jobs for people. Just like normal jobs. The only difference being you dont get paid. If youre unemployed you get to work, but you dont get any wages. But its to boost your self-esteem. Thats how fucking condescending… Thats what people need. Last Friday of the month Im gonna go and check and see if my self-esteems in. Feelin a bit low. Oh, thank the Lord, its self-esteem Friday. Gonna try and pay these bills. Hi, is that British Gas? Listen, mate, Im skint but I feel terrific. Im wonderin, are you prepared to accept self-esteem? Or maybe I can go on Skype and just smile at you. Hows that? To stop people slipping into depression, David Cameron said about the Work Experience Programmes. Poundstretcher, they were one of the first shops to sign up to these programmes. Workin in Poundstretcher for no wages, thats pretty fuckin depressin. Working in a shop where everything is worth a quid except you. (CHEERING) (CHUCKLES) Thats about as depressin as it gets. You look at these guys, what the fuck would David Cameron know about being unemployed? Hes never been unemployed as fuck. Hes never… David Camerons never woke up at 3:00 in the afternoon. Hes never had a packet of Flamin Hot Monster Munch for his breakfast. (CHUCKLES) David Camerons never known that feeling of wakin up at 3:00 in the afternoon, and your only goal for the day is to try and piss a skid mark off the inside of your toilet. (AUDIENCE WHISTLING) (CHUCKLES) Know when you start seeing that as a challenge? Okay, thats been three days. Thats ridiculous. I could use the brush, but thats admitting defeat. (CHUCKLES) Gonna get a glass of water, Im gonna fuckin reload here. Ill be two minutes, just tryin to get a hard-on. Get a bit of pressure on this. David Cameron… I reckon even Nick Clegg, even that fuckin guy, regrets gettin involved with David Cameron. I reckon Nick Clegg… I look at that guy, I think hes only guilty of that thing that Ive done myself. And Id imagine most of you here have done. You know when you meet somebody on your first day in a new job, or on a new course, and you hit it off… Found a new buddy. Next day, theyre waiting for you at the breaks. Found a new friend. But as the days and the weeks go on, you slowly begin to discover that your new pal is a fuckin dick! And everybody else knows the guys a bell-end, but its too late for you. Youve committed and youre now known as the bell-ends pal. Im not really a big political guy. Scottish independence, thats been getting talked about. Were havin a… (CHEERING) Couple of… Fuckin freedom. Yes, yes. (CHEERING AND BOOING) People booin, people cheerin. I dont think anythings gonna get resolved at a comedy show, but… feel free to vent your opinions. 2014, thats when theyre having the referendum. Thats because its 700 years after the Battle of Bannockburn, thats to get us fuckin patriotic, and you… you know were gonna show Braveheart the night before that referendum. STV, 9:00. As sure as fuck! Braveheart. I reckon we should also show Trainspotting, just to even it. Come on. Fuckin freedom! Thats us. Ooh, thats also us. Were quite an open-minded country, Scotland. I seen something quite refreshing. We had an anti-immigration demo — seen this in the paper — in Irvine, thats where they had an anti-immigration demo. In Irvine, a place that has got fuck all and nobody would move to. Thats where they had the anti-immigration demo. (CHEERING, APPLAUSE) And it was quite refreshing that only 18 people showed up, I read that in the paper. Thered be a bigger turnout if the wave machine broke in the Magnum Centre. That would have been a turnout. That would have been a demo. There would have been fuckin animosity. I fuckin brought the wee man down! And the wave machine is not working. Go and finish your Slush Puppie, son. Daddys gonna speak to the man. I was about 13 before I discovered that sentence, Daddys gonna speak to the man, means Mummyll pick you up from the police station. I dont really have an opinion on Scottish independence. I suppose Im in the Fuck it! Itll be a laugh camp. Maybe. Fuck it, itll be a laugh. Maybe, 50 years time youll turn on the National Geographic Channel, see programmes like Scottish Border Cops. Two guys in the airport interrogating some poor guy from fuckin Leamington Spa. Not like real cops, just thay Rock Steady guys. Know thay G4S guys that have… swapped their personality for a Hi Visjacket? Know thay guys? (AUDIENCE APPLAUD) (CHUCKLES) I would watch that. Scottish Border Cops. Goin through the guys bag, And whats this? Its a banana. Why, are those illegal? I never said they were illegal, pal, but we dont fuckin like them. Have we got any English in? Whoo! Just one person there. I dont think were anti-English, Scotland. People… People confuse us for… (ENGLISH ACCENT) Why dont you support us in major football tournaments? Every two years… Let me get this straight. You actively support the other teams because theyre playing England? Thats pretty much it, mate. Uh-huh. (CHUCKLING) (CHEERING, APPLAUSE) Thats… Thats nothing anti-English, though, thats just the England football team. Guys like fuckin John Terry. Oh, hes quit, but… I look at John Terry in the papers, I think he looks like the kind of guy, if he never made it as a footballer, you would see him outside a pub in Tenerife or somewhere going, You guys want a free shot tonight? Whats your plan tonight, lads? Comin down the Bulls Head for free sambuca? Coming down? You love it, mate. Loads of girls, free shots, come on down. Just say John-o sent you. Big JT. Fuckin free shot, mate. Scottish football, were goin through an interesting period there. (CHUCKLES) (AUDIENCE CHEERING) Feel the fuckin division in the camp there. I only said Scottish football. People going, Just you fuckin tread carefully, pal. (CHUCKLES) I remember watching a Danny Dyer documentary about the Old Firm. And it was good to see somebody like him… Danny Dyer, hes the pricks prick, isnt he? (CHUCKLES) (AUDIENCE CHEERING) It was good to see him… You know sometimes you just flick through the channels and you see hes on – Britains Most Deadliest Men, him talking to some big wall puncher. Guys going, Im the kind of bloke, if you dont mess with me, itll be all right, but if you mess with me, Ill fuck you up. Danny Dyers going, Can I be your friend? He done a special on football rivalries and he was outside Ibrox in the morning of an Old Firm game. And hes talking to the camera, this guy. It made me laugh. Hes going, Celtic are the Catholics, and Rangers are the Protestants. Im outside the stadium on Old Firm day. One of footballs most deadliest rivalries. Im here outside the stadium on match day, and Im not afraid to say I am fuckin shakin. (CHUCKLES) Theres people walking behind him, just waving at the camera, going… It was like half-ten on a Sunday mornin. Hes going, Im a fuckin tough bloke, Ive seen some stuff, but today Im fuckin petrified. A guy walks behind him with a bacon roll and a cup of tea. He says, Come on, the Rangers! Hes goin, Its fuckin kicked off now! Oh, its a tough one to explain, Scottish football. (ENGLISH ACCENT) What actually happened up there? Wasnt it a two-horse race? Thats it, mate, and we lost the horse. Thats about… Scottish footballs become showjumpin. (CHUCKLES) I dont know how they feel in… I know were fuckin gettin a wee bit tense in there, but I had to laugh at it. Rangers Football Club, they owed a lot of fuckin people money. I read a list of everybody that was owed money and it just got fuckin surreal. They owed, like, 60 quid to a local news agent. These small sums that made it mental. 60 quid to a local taxi firm. And then the one that made me chuckle. It said £40 was owed to a local Glasgow face paintin company. And I had to read it a few times. Does that say face paintin company? How the fuck did they… 40 quid to a face paintin company? And the newspaper article never explained why. There was no backup information, just left that there. As if thats a common footballing expense. A face paintin company. The club have been in financial meltdown. And theres some guy running about the boardroom, kiddin on hes a fucking tiger. (AUDIENCE CHEERING) Some guy… Some guy just opening doors, going… (GROWLS) What the fuck was goin on? I dare you to do the chairman. I fuckin will do the chairman. (GROWLS) The boardroom going, Will you go and wash your face, you fuckin idiot? Trying to fix these accounts here. Sorry about him, boys. Fuckin 40 quid he spent on that. Oh, 40 quid. Aye, but its a fuckin cracker. Did you see his whiskers? Ive never understood that. The religious divide. Ive never understood that. One side shouting, Fuck the Pope and the other side shouting, God bless the Pope. I dont think the Pope gives a fuck about the SPL. I think the Popes a Bundesliga man. (AUDIENCE WHISTLING) There we go. (GROWLS) Hallo… Halloweens comin up. I think thats quite a hallucinogenic experience, Halloween. In this city. Any UK city. Hallo… Because we dont really… in Scotland and England, we dont really have a laid-back festival carnival culture. Everybody gets dressed up, but theres still… theres still violence on the streets. Ive walked down Sauciehall Street on Halloween and Ive thought I was on something. Just… Everybodys dressed up but emotions still run high, theyre by no means in high spirits. Theres Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles kickin fuck out of SpongeBob SquarePants. Dorothy from the Wizard of Oz, shes eatin chips and cheese, shoutin, Barry, fuckin leave him! Buzz Lightyear and Woody handcuffed up against a shop window. Watch this, Buzz. Youre my favourite deputy! Youre gonna get us a weekender, you fuckin knob. Shut up. (GROWLS) Uh… Big summer of sport, we did have. We had, er… we had the Olympics, dont know if we enjoyed that. The Olympics. Yeah! (AUDIENCE CHEERING) (BOOING) Somebody booing the Olympics there. (CHUCKLES) I fuckin hated it. I hate PE. Fuckin boo. I enjoyed it. Usain Bolt, thats a great name, innit? You can make his name sound quite confrontational. You sayin? (TUTS) Bolt. Thats his middle name, atut. You sayin? (TUTS) Bolt. Olympics. I enjoyed the Olympics and the Paralympics. I enjoyed the whole thing. Thought it was pretty good. See, the prefix para, it means parallel, thats why they call it the Paralympics. Parallel, it runs parallel with the actual Olympics. See, para to me and people my age, Ive always associated that with paranoia. If you describe somebody as being a bit para, it means theyve just had too many good weekends. And their brain has just said, Fuck this, Im outta here. You can do the rest yourself. Im just gonna… You know the guys you see in house parties about 8:00 in the morning, long after the partys finished. Just sittin on the couch wearing somebodys mums dress. (AUDIENCE LAUGHING) Both their eyebrows missin. Thats somebody you would say, He looks a bit para. I laughed this year when I seen Paralympics. How fuckin good would that be? An athletics event for acid casualties. Id go to that. Just a thought I had, the Para-lympics. See some guy shattering the 100 metre record cause he thought the police were chasing him. Commentator, And what made this even more special, was he completed the entire race with his head over his left shoulder whilst frantically emptying his pockets on to the track. They could have a false start at the Para-lympics. The fuckin voice in my head said go. The divin. Some guy up the top of the divin board just refusin to jump. No chance. Thats the fuckin shallow end. How about you, big guy. Do you play any sports? The guy with the biceps there. Yeah, yeah. Olympics get you inspired, no? Get involved, no? He plays sports. What do you play? Anything you want. Anything you want to play. Im not seeing if youre comin out, Im just asking. Im not at your fuckin door with a ball under my arm. Its not the summer holidays, and were not ten. Im just asking, do you play? Im kind of busy the noo for a game of kerby. Im just askin… Anything you want to play. Aye, its pishin doon. Will we just play the computer? Sit in? Do you play computer games? No? You dont play. I gave up on them. I played COD. Thats what my wee cousin said, You need to get COD. Call of Duty. Ill explain that to anybody over 40. Its the biggest selling computer game of all time. Its Call of Duty. The kids call it COD. Ill just explain that in case you ever get invited over for a game of COD. And you show up with the wrong fuckin stuff. Walk into your nephews living room, start fuckin slappin people. I bet you never thought Uncle Eddie could play COD, boys, eh? I was the old West of Scotland semi-finalist in the eighties at COD, fuckin love it. Still got it. After this well play smoked haddock. Same rules, different fish. That is fuckin mingin, Uncle Eddie. Sorry about him, boys. Hes a fuckin fanny. I was always the PlayStation generation growing up. I was always terrified. You play COD these days, its too real. Its a war game. You control this guy in a war zone. Its high-definition graphics, theres a storyline. See, Im used to the old days. You played a computer game and your guy would die. So you would just go back to the start and then try again. And it was fun. These games, Call of Duty, your guy dies, youre fucking stunned. I better go and buy a poppy. You start to feel guilt. I better… I better go and lay a wreath for this guy. Picture myself standing there, people saying, Oh, who did you know? Oh, I knew a guy called Player 1. The window cleaner came to my door for his money, and I forgot to press pause. So you dont play much sport then? Big guy, whats your name? Me? Chris. Chris? Your names Chris. Good man, Chris. I was always petrified of playing sport. When I was young, at school… I blame the managers. Thats the problem with youth development in football in this country. Go to your local playing fields on a Saturday morning and watch these guys who manage under-tens. Go, if youve got a relative involved. Otherwise, it can look a bit dubious if you just sort of show up every week. I watch these guys. These guys, theyve got their initials stitched on to their tracksuit, on the touchline. Theyve got an earpiece in, so they can communicate to their assistant manager. Hes sitting up on a fucking tree. Theyve got a pair of Adidas Sambas on, football socks pulled up, a pair of nice, tight shorts, nice eighties-style. Theyre just screaming abuse. Thats what put me off. Terrifying, these guys. Just going, Jamie, come inside. Just screaming demoralising abuse at 9-year-olds. Come inside, son. Jamie, Jamie. None of that fancy stuff… Oh, fuck you, Jamie! Thats why your mums an alky, ya wee prick. I know, George, but its every fucking Saturday! Big summer of sport. Did you go on any holidays this summer, Chris? Youre going next week? Where are you going? Going to Florida? Good man. They dont understand a fucking word I say. I done a gig in America. And after the gig, a guy said to me, (IN AMERICAN ACCENT) Uh, hey, buddy, uh, are you actually Scottish? And I said, Yes. A bit of your soul dies when you say, Yes. Youre used to saying, Aye. You feel your brain giving you a wanker sign. Yes! He said, Are you actually Scottish? And I said, Yes. And he said, Man, your English is so good. I went away this year. I went away with my mates. I went on a lads holiday this year for the first time. Ive always seen… I went away. Done a bit of flying. The airport… Still annoying, 11 years since 9/11 and Bin Ladens dead. And theyre still asking to check the bottom of your shoes cause youre still not allowed on board the plane with dog shite. Right? I know. Everybody still getting their toiletries put in the bin, your brand-new holiday toiletries. Surely, airport security staff can now distinguish between terrorists and talented people. You see, hijacking a plane with a knife and flying it into a building, thats terrorism. However, blowing up a plane with a bottle of Pantene Pro-V conditioner, thats a fucking achievement. If somebody was to stand up on my flight and shout, Nobody fucking move. Hit the deck, fuckers. Its shampoo time. Id imagine I would laugh. Do they think people are gonna be in a frenzy, going… Just stand back. Dont approach him. Hes got LOréal. Its not worth it. I went on a holiday. And you see it from a different perspective when you go on holiday with your friends for the first time. Ive always seen them in action. But when you actually go on one, a boys or a girls holiday, the holiday starts months in advance. The day you go and book the holiday, thats a wee holiday in itself. Saturday morning, get a couple of cans, lets get fucking steaming. Go and book this. You dont just send a couple of representatives. About 18 of you go to the travel agent. Fucking boot the door off the hinges. Get us tae fuck. The deal in the window, times 18. Of the original 18 who sign up, only four will make it. Its a bit like a boot camp. Unemployed as fuck mates, they are the first ones to bail on you. They fall at the first huddle. Dont know if I can go, lads, unless my PPI comes in. Do you think Thomas Cook will take self-esteem? I went away. I went away for two weeks with my mates. Thats a mistake that you make once in your life, going on a holiday with your friends for two weeks. You go on holiday with your friends for two weeks, you will discover that you have no friends. The second week you start to feel feelings of overwhelming anger. You dont even know why youre furious. Inhuman levels of fucking rage. Just sitting at the side of the pool with a hat on, shorts, sunburn right up to there and sunburn to here. Your t-shirt still damp cause youve been in the pool. Just sitting there fuckin raging. See that fucking prick? Im gonna fucking kill him. Why, whats he done? Just fucking look at him. The way he reads the paper, he turns the page and, Ew, ew He fucking knows it annoys me! (CHUCKLING) I fuckin hate him. You see the real guys on your plane. We were the newcomers. You see the professional lads holidays with their t-shirts made. Theyre on your plane, nicknames on the t-shirts. Shagger, Rambo, Craigie, Ginge, thats the four accepted nicknames for a professional, class of 97, guys who have made bail money in Pesetas and Escudos. Theyre the guys on your plane hitting the call-bell 40,000 feet saying, Excuse me, mate, gonna give that CD to the pilot? Tell him Track 10. Know when youre that drunk, its only your finger that can move? Theyre still trying to buy more alcohol. The cabin crew are saying, You do realise, guys, that one alcoholic drink consumed in the sky its the equivalent of two consumed on the ground? Hey, do you hear that, Craigie? Fuckin wake up, guy said its two for ones, mate. Get up. Get up, you prick. Its happy hour. Theyre the real guys. I went to the south of Spain on holiday. I try to be a bit more cultured. Ive been trying to learn Spanish for about a year. I was fed up being abroad and having people translate for me into English. Thats pretty humiliating, innit, as a Scottish person? You walk into a pub and say, Are you still serving food? Uh, qué? (IN ENGLISH ACCENT) He asked you, are you still serving food? Ah, sí, sí, sí. Then the guy swans away as if hes fucking bilingual. Thats what I said. In America… I had a can of Coke in America. I was looking for a bin. I just said to a guy… Just an everyday task, just an everyday question, Wheres the bin? The guy was even sweeping up and he had a jacket on. It was obvious he worked in the bin industry. I said, Mate, wheres the bin? And it just became a situation. The guy just sort of looked at me. You know the way your dog looks at you when it catches you having a wank? A bin. A bin. Theres only three letters and one syllable. How many variations in the word bin can be offered? A bin. Ive got to a stage of speaking Spanish… Have we got any Spanish people in? MAN: Yeah. Just one guy at the back. What bit of Spain are you from, mate? Fuckin Provanmill, Royston or something? Yes! Ive got to a stage, I can say things in Spanish that Spanish people can already say in English. Thats where Im at. Ive got the tourist stuff kind of nailed, like… Una mesa para cuatro, por favor. That means, Chris, A table for four, please. Ive got these discs. The guy says it a few times. He says, Una mesa… …para cuatro… …por favor. (IN ENGLISH ACCENT) A table for four please. Thats the kind of shit I sit and listen to. Then he says it again and again. Una… …mesa… …para cuatro… …por favor. A table for four, please. And they say it again. They actually say it that many times, I started drifting off and imagining if anybody has ever been found fucking dead listening to these, just… Suicide note wrote in broken Spanish. Have all got too… Muchas. Una mesa… …para cuatro… …por favor. A table for four, please. That was the only bit I took in. Thats crucial knowledge, cause I know that when me and three associates walk into a restaurant in Spain, I can tell the headwaiter is looking at us and thinking, Well, I wonder what the fuck these guys want. But fortunately, Im on hand to diffuse the situation. I have been thoroughly briefed. I step forward to showcase my new skills. I say, Una mesa… …para cuatro… …por favor. And it came true. We get sat at a table for four. The guy brought the menu. In Spanish. Then I fucking crumbled. Other three, theyre losing their minds, going, What the fucks a hamburgeresa? Huh? I dont trust this place. Im goin to McDonalds. Everybody goes on about the Glasgow accent. I dont think its that bad. You hear some accents that are pretty hard to understand. I seen something beautiful on holiday. I went to a karaoke bar. I never sing, I just went to watch. And a Scouser came on stage. And its a universal must-see. It was my holiday highlight watching this guy from Liverpool on the stage in a karaoke bar. One of the funniest things Ive ever fucking seen. And the guy never meant it to be funny. I felt a bit bad. He was singing his fucking heart out. And Im in the corner, pissing my pants laughing. Hes just there with his girlfriend and he was up. He was singing that Lady Gaga song, Alejandro. Hes going… (IN SCOUSE ACCENT) # Dont call me name # Dont call me name #Alejandro # Im not your babe Im not your babe, Fernando #Ale-Alejandro, Ale-Alejandro # Im sitting there going, This guy does not even know how fucking good this is to watch as an outsider. And he gets up again. Hes going… # Baby, youre a firework# The whole pubs in the car park thinkin the fire alarms going off. I got asked last week, What kind of music do you like, Kev? I dont know. I dont have a fucking clue. Modern stuff, just sounds the same to me. Everythings just all that R&B stuff, bit like, these days, isnt it? In Da Club, all that sort of stuff. # Everybody in da club In da club # Thats the way every song sounds to me. # In da club, in da club In da club # They just speak in a language I dont get. # Everybody gonna shuffle on down In da club # Were getting freaky In da club # Im feeling sexy In da club # In da club, in da club, In da club, in da club # DJ spinning my song In da club # In da club # Everything happens in this club with these pricks, innit? # We aint gonna stop till its time to start again # In da club # In da club, in da club, in da club # Know songs that just make you feel thick? You actually feel it deleting cookies in your brain. # In da club, in da club, in da club # And the song finishes and you think, Fucking hell, I now know less stuff. Ive just forgot the difference between a pastoral and an arable farm. What the fuck? Did I just forget standard-grade geography there cause of that song? # In da club, in da club, in da club # Even their names, Will.i.am. That guy, how do you get to that stage in your celebrity status? Will.i.am? His name is William. You just decide to start putting full stops in the middle. Will.i.am. If I was to request to be known as Kev.i.n, Id get a fucking slap in the face. If I was to sit my dad down and say, Dad, Im thinking about reinventing myself as Kev.i.n. Hed be sayin… Just run that by me again, son. Want to step outside, talk me through this? Like that song, Bruno Mars, thats when I lost a bit of faith in modern music. Id catch a grenade for you, that song. I heard that a few years ago. It was on a lot. # Id catch a grenade for you# I was like, Thats what passes for romance these days. Thats a love song in the modern day. I would catch a grenade for you. Thats a guy singing about the depths of his love for what Im guessing is his girlfriend, that hes prepared to catch… I dont mean to offer the guy relationship advice, but if youre dating somebody who people are chucking grenades at… (WOMAN WHOOPS) …thats your first fucking problem right there. Is that an ex of yours? Fucking hell. Where does he plan on taking her? A romantic stroll down the Helmand Province? Come on. Ill fucking catch them. Come on. Come on. Come on. Oh, youre so cute when you worry. Come on. Oh, dont worry. I fucking caught it. There you go. Its the kind of girl your mum would say, I think you can do a bit better than that, son. I like a bit of honesty in my song lyrics. If I was singing a love song, Id be singing promises I could deliver. I would take a dead arm for you. Id listen to that, Id take a deidie… # Id take a deidie for you# Id take a right good fucking slagging for you. Aye, we like our celebrity these days. We like that. A bit of celebrity culture. Im the same. I watch these fucking chat shows with all these plant pots like Nicole Scherzinger and Nicky Manaj and Madonna and all these people just… Ive been on chat shows with these fucking types. You know, theyre goin, Yeah. You know, that self-absorbed… I would love to host a chat show… Been thinking about this. Id love to host a chat show… (AUDIENCE CHEERING) I would call it Did Ye? Aye? Cause that is the only thing I think when I watch these people, you know, that self-absorbed… just lack of humility when they start whinging. (IN AMERICAN ACCENT) You know, man, after the incident, which Im not prepared to talk about, uh, I guess I disappeared into a bad place. You know, I went to a dark place and I didnt even know myself any more. I was pretty low. I looked in the mirror and I didnt even know who that guy was any more, man. That was a tough time for me. But I realise now that I had to go to that place to survive. I had to go to that place and survive to get to this place, you know, man? I had to go there to get here. Oh, did ye? Aye? Just that one dismissive term and then just leaving it hanging, just offering a vacant stare in return. Till the studio audience – the tensions unbearable. Occasionally breaking the stare to give the crowd the Whos this prick? look. (IN AMERICAN ACCENT) Yeah, theres so many different mes, you know? Theres happy me, angry me… And you do not want to see angry me. And I guess I was becoming this new me that you guys in the media had created, and you know, I get tired. Oh, did ye? Aye? Its like, at school… Remember at school when somebody was talking shite, you could just counter their claims by going, Bah, bah, bah! Thats how I feel when I watch a celebrity chat. Did ye? Aye? Bah, bah, bah! Some aspects of school life should have continued long into adulthood. Thats number one in the list. When somebodys talking fucking nonsense, that should remain a valid retort. Bah, bah, bah! That made me laugh at 10. It makes me laugh at 25. Ill fucking… Ill laugh at that when Im in my 80s. Ill be in a nursing home. Therell be some care worker saying, Mr Bridges, I hope you know your grandchildren are so excited to come and visit you on Sunday. Isnt that nice, really? They cant wait to come and see you. Theyre so excited to come and spend the whole day with you. And Ill be going, Bah, bah, bah! I fucking hated school. I could never even enjoy the weekends at primary school. I could never even enjoy the weekends for worrying about going back on the Monday. Remember that? I used to get a gut-wrenching feeling on Sundays. It was the telly programs like Lovejoy and Londons Burning and then Heartbeat. Oh. You used to have that school in the morning telly. The Heartbeat theme tune would come on. Just feels as if its goin fuckin in your arse and ripping your spirit out through your arsehole. Oh! (GROANING) Thats my spirit leaving my arse again. (GROANING) (VOCALISING HEARTBEATS THEME) (GROANING) # Heartbeat… Oh, you… # Why do you… fucking school in the fucking morning# Claude Greengrass, how come every time hes on the telly, I need to go for a bath? Old bastard. I enjoyed high school. Used to do that… used to play a bit of truant. I need to call it playin truant cause weve got a DVD. Dont want to talk about fucking dogging in case theres English watching it. (IN ENGLISH ACCENT) Is he talking about his school days and he was going dogging? Should we reopen this case? Is that what you mean? Playing truant up here, its called dogging. I used to like that. I never done it a lot. I just used to go in… Maybe a wee… One Friday a month. One Friday. Always a Friday. Take a wee voluntary day off, get as far as registration. Say, Here, miss, and then fuck off. Back to somebodys mum and dads house about 9:30. Theyd be at work, place to ourselves. And we always had a mate who would always show up at these playin truant or dogging sessions. He always used to have pornos on him. That was his thing. He loved pornos. Not porn. Pornos. And they came in magazine format and VHS format and then, towards the latter stages, in DVD format. Everybody liked a bit of porn, but this wee guy was fucking fascinated. Porn was his thing, right. Never seen him since school. Wee weirdo, kind of… Liked burning stuff and all that. You know, one of thay guys? Put a bit of shite on a stick and chase you. Youd leave your lunch and youd come back and theres a fucking pube in it. And hes going… (CHUCKLES MISCHIEVOUSLY) There was one day, we were playin truant, full house, and hed brought along his school bag. He had some porn in it. And from the porn bag, he produced a porn DVD and it was genuinely entitled, Anal Pandemonium 5. Thats what he pulled out. That was the title. That title will stick with you your whole life. Anal Pandemonium 5. Right, so you look at it. Thinkin, Fuckin… This is… This is monumental. The first time Ive ever seen the DVD cover of Anal Pandemonium 5. I dont know if this is… Im just at the Red Shoe Diaries. Am I getting fast tracked here? But it was unanimous. Only one option for the afternoons entertainment, stuck it on the DVD player. None of us had seen the first four but were getting the gist. Everybody transfixed on it. Porno. Five, ten minutes in, wee weirdo guy, he got up, and he left the sitting area, and went upstairs to the bathroom and upon his return, it was noted he was gone too long to be taking a piss… but not long enough to be doing a shite. Accusations begin to fly, Anal Pandemonium 5 gets paused. Fucking pause that till we speak to this pervert here. One of thay big unmistakable… We are watching porn pauses, dildos lying on the… Nobodys gonna walk in and go, Whats that youre watching? Just fucking filth! That was the backdrop for this interrogation! And he went on the defensive, he said… Were going, (INHALES) Where have you been, you fucking dirty bastard? And hes going, Oh, whoa, whoa… He said, I was just upstairs. He said, I was taking a shite. And were looking at the time, trying to do the maths, thinking, A shite? In that time? Did you forget to wipe your arse? And he said, No, it was a ghostie! Immediately, were on the back foot, we never even considered that an option. A ghostie… The perfect shite, not one sheet of toilet roll required. Not a flush is needed. The environment does not get damaged in the slightest. Just casually strolls right out, Dont mind me, mate, nothing to see. Hits the water, cheerio. Nothing. But Im sure I… Im sure I took a shite there. It felt like a shite. It smells like a shite. I needed a shite, I now no longer need a shite. But I cannot seem to locate a shite. Its like Keyser Söze, just fucking gone. That was it. We even apologised to the guy, Sorry, mate, we thought… I wont even mention what we thought, here, go have your… Back to your seat there, un-pause the feature. He was doing a shite. Big fan of… I just realised I just said shite about 10 times. Shites a great word innit? Underused. Its only Scotland and Ireland, we still keep that strong, Shite! Dont like Shit! Shit has become a utility word. Shite… Shite means shite! Shit means anything these days, Do you want to smoke some of that shit? Im really diggin your shit! I need to go home and pack my shit. You could never put shite in thay sentences. (APPLAUSE) Do you want to smoke some of that shite? Youre really diggin my shite. Youre going home early to pack your shite? Or poo. Thats annoying. Adults that still say poo. Guys, uh… can we stop the car. I really have to go for a poo. Can I just see your ID here? Youre over seven, and you want to go for a poo? A poo! Thats that new voice thats creepin in, you know that? Hey, guys. That sort of voice. Im… I still live in Glasgow, I moved out of my family home about eight months ago, I live in the West End. And thats the way… Theyve got that new… (CHEERING) You know that new, homogenised… Hey, guys, Uh, whats your chat? You know that new… What… Whats your chat? Ah, yeah, we were out last night for Callums birthday drinks and, uh… Wasnt Frasers banter totally bangin, wasnt it? Oh, yeah. Fraser, oh… It was Callum and Gavin are such a double act, arent they, though? Oh… Their banter was on fire. Top chat. Yeah, really top chat, top banter. Totally top bants. All I remember was, Rebecca bought me a Jägerbomb, and then er… me and Gavin were planking in Burger King. I woke up this morning, I was actually dyin. Top banter, top chat. Thats the way they fucking… Thats the kind of freaks I live beside these days. Top banter! (APPLAUSE, WHISTLING) I moved out. Ive never… I got on the property ladder, bought myself a nice wee flat, and Ive never viewed a property in my fuckin life, but I was needing a bit of advice. My dad, he volunteered himself as a property expert. He said, If youre going viewing places, son… Im gonna come with. Because whatll happen is, youll walk into a nice wee flat, youll get excited, the guy who owns it will see youre excited, then the fucking price goes up. Whereas me, poker face. Hes never viewed a property in his life. My dads been in the same council house his whole fucking life. You dont… You dont go and view a council flat, you just… You dont get a survey or a home report done, you just get told, Thats where youre gonna live now, get fucking in! But hes volunteered himself as the property expert. Me and him are rockin up there, to view this guys gaff. Me and him, like fuckin Colin and Justin, walkin up… My dads goin Poker faces. We never even got into the guys house, and my dad had dissolved, hes going, Look, that cars got a valid tax disc. Theyve got a few quid up here. Get a wee photograph of that, son. You learn some of lifes… harshest lessons as well, when you live on your own for the first time, some of lifes toughest lessons. Lurpak Spreadable is… un-spreadable. That was the most recent one. That was a tough one to take. Im stood there, lunchtime, making myself a piece and crisps. I have been nothing short of meticulous in my preparations. Ive decided how many crisps Im gonna put on the sandwich, and how many crisps Im gonna keep in the packet as a wee side dish. I was even whistling, having a nice wee day, got my butter knife, commenced the spread. Within seconds it turned sinister. My wrist nearly fucking snapped. Just check that says spreadable. All right, it must be… must be me, then, I better change my technique, Ill go for rotations, there… Bits of your worktop start to appear through the bread. Just had to abort the mission. Lunchtime just spent in the garden eating half a packet of crisps, feeding the birds. There you go, lads. Even the pigeons are going, What the fuck happened to that, mate? Come here and look at this, lads. Trying to feed us this shite? You put that in a fuckin shredder, mate? How many more innocent bits of bread must be ripped apart before somebody challenges these bastards? That should be their new advert, Lurpak Spreadable, bah, bah, bah! Aye, still live up here. 25 years old, I got a… I got an iPhone for my birthday. My mum and dad, they got me an iPhone. A pretty extravagant gift, thats what they got me. Sounds like a lovely gesture. But you get iPhones for free. All they done was sign me up to a contract. Thats when you realise youre in the real world. You move out the family home, and you start getting fucking presents like that. Happy birthday, son! We got you a wee £40-a-month direct debit set up, okay? Wee monthly reminder, how much we love you. Thats what I got. And it turns you into a fucking moron, these smart phones. Ive got it, and you sit touching it, caressing it, and… constantly checking it, using it for everything. Its actually a novelty to be on the phone for a phone call, Ive… Ive been on the phone and Ive drifted off in the conversation, and Ive suddenly been hit by a wave of panic thinking, Fuck, wheres my phone? I need to go, mate, Ive lost my pho… (LAUGHS) You know what I just done there? (LAUGHS) Thats it. I heard a guy answer his phone on a train. He was sat behind me, and it was his mate Francis who was on the phone. I knew that because he answered the phone, by saying, Francis? And the guy never spoke again, the whole conversation, he just… He just laughed. And it wasnt like a nice infectious laugh, it was one of thay laughs where the joke clearly has a victim. You know, its just… You dont know the story, but your sympathies lie with the protagonist. He said, Francis… (LAUGHS) (GASPS) (CONTINUES LAUGHING) All right. All right, mate. All right. Bye-bye. Right. Cheers. I still take public transport. I know some of you probably dont believe that. Sat there goin, Fucking no chance. Thats Kev.i.n. up there, fucking no way. (LAUGHS) I still take the bus. I dont drive, thats my problem. Ive took driving lessons once in my life, but I took them in London. When I was there for three months to fill my days, I thought Ill do something productive. Tried to learn how to drive. A driving lesson in London, its just you and a guy parked in a traffic jam. After about 10 minutes, he starts, you know, OK, mate, well, thats Radio 1, just press that in there. Er, thats your cigarette lighter. Just give that a few seconds, there, buddy. I dont know if you smoke, but that should be good to go. Glove compartment. Dont know if you wear gloves, mate, thats where to keep them. If your hands get a bit sweaty… Okay, were now gonna reverse back 15 yards, well drop you home and well see you next Wednesday. That was as far as I got. I was on a bus up here about six months ago. And a guy got on, he put his money in. The bus driver said, How much is that? And the guy said, Its £1.70. How? In Glasgow, how means why. I dont know why that is… You dont say £1.70, why? You say £1.70, how? You dont ponder why, you demand how. He said £1.70. How? And the driver said, Well, its £1.85 for a single. And the guy said, It was £1.70 yesterday. Ya fucking dick! Classic negotiation tactics. Well, the driver held his nerve. And he said, Well, its £1.85 today, you fuckin dick! It was good. On public transport you see a battle of the wits like this. And the guy just lost it, he said, £1.85? I dont want to buy the fucking bus! Hes doing that sort of appealing for witnesses. And it goes on, and the guy starts punching the bit of perspex to get to the driver. And over years of taking the bus, I have familiarised myself with the on board safety instructions. When a guy kicks off with the driver, dont even fucking look. Just turn, look out the window, stare at the chewing gum and go to a happy place. Have a bit of me time. (LAUGHS) I wonder how many fish fingers Ive got in the freezer? Im pretty sure I seen there were three. Like… I need to stop eating odd numbers of fish fingers. That was inevitable there was gonna be three left. Now what the fuck am I gonna do with three fish fingers? Thats not a lunch or a tea, thats just no mans land. Im gonna have to have one of thay Tuesday night dinners when you put a gammon steak and then just chuck the three fish fingers on as well. Thats a mingin combo. Wherever you go, in your happy place, you start to find that you get to know yourself. I looked out the window, and there was a stationery shop. I never knew I liked stationery until that minute. Thats a fuckin great deal on rubbers. When was the last time I rubbed something out? I might go in there, buy back rubbers, Ill need to buy a pencil, sharpen it, a nice new pad. A nice sharp pencil, write my name, then just fucking rub it out. By the time I had come back in for a landing, this situation had been resolved. A good Samaritan had put the extra money in, just to get the bus moving. And the guy was on. Hed made it. Everybodys bracing themselves. Wheres he gonna sit? It was quite a quiet bus. The guy is on! And it was then I… I realised, I was… I was sat in the seats that are designed for conversation, you know the seats that face in opposite direction for people looking for stimulating debate with like-minded folk on the worlds big issues. Speakers Corner, thats where I was sat. And the guy, he came in, and sat right opposite me. He never recognised me, oblivious to the fact he was sitting opposite Kev.i.n. Never fuckin… (MUMBLING) And the bus… The bus is pulling away. Hes not going to a happy place, hes looking at that stationery shop, I might go in there and buy a pencil, sharpen it and stab him in the eye, the fucking wanker. The bus is going on, and he started talking to me. He said, Where are you going, mate? And I said, Im just gonna meet my mate at the cinema. And he said Ive not been to the cinema… Ive not been to the cinema in fucking ages. And I said Oh, all right. If youre struggling for small talk, you need to keep it going. You dont want the guy thinking youre being ignorant. I just said, Oh, all right. And he said, Did you ever see that movie Social Network? Thats what he asked me. And I said, Oh, the movie about Facebook? And he said, Correct! As if, You survived that fucking round. He said, That Mark Zuckerberg, hes worth billions, mate. And I said, Oh, I can imagine. Then he said, How? Then I said, Well, hes the owner of Facebook. And he said, How does that make money, mate? Its fucking free! And you dont laugh, the on board safety instructions tell you, Do not… In order to avoid a punctured lung, keep your face firmly… Keep your face firmly on screensaver mode, just… He said, If I was in charge of Facebook, mate, Id be saying fucking quid a go. It gave me a small sense of hometown pride when I realised the guy was serious. Small sense of hometown pride that there must be very few places in the world where Mark Zuckerberg would be offered financial advice from a guy who was 15 pence short for a single on a fucking bus. Ladies and gentlemen, you have been a nice crowd. I dont… I dont always… Thank you. (CROWD CHEERING) I done a show this year in Arbroath, a wee show in Arbroath… I dont know if any… It made the papers. A guy, he walked in about 10 seconds late and I said, How is it going, sir? And he… he looked at me with fucking venom in his eyes. He was just right there. And I… You know the way you can tell when somebodys kiddin on? And somebodys fucking mental? I said, Im just saying, are you all right, mate? And he said, No. He said, Im not all right. He said, In fact, Im gonna kick your cunt in! Even in Scotland… to any English folk here, thats aggressive. Im gonna kick your… I was a wee bit taken aback, but another guy in the audience leapt to my defence. And I apologise for the language in advance here. Im only quoting this guy, and its probably the most beautiful sentence I have ever heard. He said Your arse! Ya fanny! Youre gonna kick no cunts cunt in! (AUDIENCE APPLAUDING) Ladies and gentlemen, I hope youve had a laugh, hope youve had a… a smile, know, that sort of stuff. Some jokes make you laugh, some make you smile. Thank you. I try to keep it as funny as possible, comedy can be… Comedy can be tough when youre not funny. The same way that being a priest can be tough when youve got Tourette Syndrome. Thats… No, youll be going, In the name of the Father, and of the… Smell your maw! (CROWD LAUGHING) Just you calm yourself, Father. Lets finish this guys funeral. Ladies and gentlemen, thanks for listening, take care of yourselves. Have a good weekend, see you again sometime. (AUDIENCE CHEERING) Everybody get fuckin back in! This is when a comedy show becomes a hostage situation. Fucking back! Look at them. Away to catch the fuckin Garage, eh? Youd catch that, wouldnt you? I dont know where youd catch.. Away to fucking bang the Tunnel? Yeah. Across the train station. Saturday night. I love watching wee guys arguing with bouncers. I like to… I love that on a Saturday night. I seen a wee guy, he was arguing, he had fire in his belly, it was his God-given right to be on the premises that evening, and the bouncer was saying… I need to see ID. And the wee guy said, Ive showed you ID before! And the bouncer said, When? When did you show me ID? And the wee guy just lost it, and he said, When did I didnae? When did I didnae? Thats the kind of sentence that gets you from a knock back into the wee VIP bit. Right this way, sir. When did I didnae guy. So, thanks for waiting behind there, thank you, thanks for coming out. All that sort of stuff, usual stuff. Thanks. Much appreciated. Its been nice talking to you, were gonna… Weve got a special guest here, dont know if… Youre pretty… Might have a clue who thats gonna be. A guy, hes flew in all the way from the United States of America. For the DVD, a special guest. Ladies and gentlemen, its his first time in Glasgow. Give it up please, for Chad Hogan! (CROWD APPLAUDS) Good evening, Glasgow. Whoo! How many of yall having an empty tonight? I want to know. Or more like getting an empty, it should be, right? But, eh… Ive prepared a little, like rap thing, not really, but… Its two lines. Now… (CROWD CHEERING) I got it… – Do you need a beat? (BEATBOXING) – Yeah, you got me? # In da club, in da club # (CROWD APPLAUDS) # Now have you heard the news theres a party going round # In Long Island for the weekend Chad Hogans parents are out of town # Do you know Chad Hogan? # Everybody knows that man I heard its gonna be crazy # I heard hes hiring a band # Now I say spring, you say break!# Spring! CROWD: Break! Spring! CROWD: Break! Woo! Spring break! Chad Hogan! What a fucking guy, ladies and gentlemen, take care of yourselves. Thanks for coming out. See you next time. (CROWD CHEERS)

SEBASTIAN MANISCALCO@WHATS WRONG WITH PEOPLE?@2012@Please welcome Sebastian Maniscalco. So good, so good to be here, man. What a year. Guys, you should know anything about me, I gotta problem with people and how they behave, you know? I kinda grew up with like, a list of rules to kinda live by. My parents kinda gave me a book on how to live, and apparently, nobody got the book. Went to Starbucks, every day thats all I do, is I watch people and I get upset, I cant take it. Im at the Starbucks, this woman ordered a scone, a muffin, I dunno what the hell it was, but they gave it to her in a brown bag and then she was eating it, she was like fingering the muffin outta the bag. Take it outta the bag! Get a plate! What the! What are you eating, crumbs? I cant take, everywhere I go theres a problem. You cant even go to the mall. I used to go to the mall all the time, it was a nice place to kinda unwind, but now they got these little, these huts in the middle of the mall, these little kiosks, what is this? I dont buy anything out of a hut. I dont even know if the huts gonna be there tomorrow if I have a problem with the product. These things are on wheels, they can be three miles down the road in no time. But we used to own that part of the mall, thats where we made decisions, in the middle of the mall, right? We used to go with your family, used to go, Where you going? Im going to Sears. Where you going? JCPenney. We meet back here in one hour.  Now you cant do that, because you see a hut, youll be walking with your girl, youll look up there, youre like, Oh, come on. What do we gotta put up with? What is this hut? Cause these people that work in the huts are aggressive. These sales techniques are very aggressive. You ever get attacked with cream? Man, youll be walking, out of nowhere, You wanna try cream? Try cream, its good, its from Israel, its good cream.  Its hand lotion. They act like they got something that weve never seen before. Whos trying the cream and going, Oh, my God! Im soft, what the hell is this? You have bottles of this back there? Weird stuff are happening in these huts. Theyre threading eyebrows, have you seen this? A woman is laying down, and someones just. Theres eyebrows shrapnel flying everywhere. Landed in my Auntie Annes. World is changing, man. After a while, went to Subway. Why is this a problem, getting a sandwich? Its a sandwich. I got behind a lady, it looked like it was her first time out ever. Just a look of confusion, bewilderment. Came up to the counter. How does this work here? What do you do? It says, Step one: pick bread.  You dont see that? How do you make a sandwich at home? What, do you start throwing ham all over the table? Pick the bread! And she saw the condiments, her head almost popped off her body. She was sitting there looking at the condiments, telling the guy, Not that tomato! No, the third one underneath that one on the side. I want that tomato.  Its not a puppy. Making up the, theres rules at Subway you gotta follow. This womans like, I dont want any of those cucumbers or olives, so double up on the turkey.  It dont work that way! The sandwich is $5, theres a net profit of four cents on that! And you want double meat for no veg? And I feel for the guy working there. Gotta sit there and listen to this all day. Hes like, I cant do it! I cant do it! They got cameras, theyre looking at me! Come on, what do you want?! I got no patience for this. Just keep it moving. When youre out just, just keep. I dont hold it up. They guys asked me, What do you want on your sandwich? I told him, Run it through the garden.  Its everywhere you go. Grocery store, thats always a problem, right? Customer service, they gave up. They grocery store gave up on us. They put in self-express checkout lanes. They basically said, You know what? You do it.  Why am I working at the grocery store now? Do you ever look over there? Nobody knows whats going on. Its a bundle of confusion, right? Theres always a guy sitting there with like, some artichokes going, Hahh? We werent properly trained on this machine. Those people go through a three-week training on this computer, and were just jumping in on that? Again, I never wanna be the problem, okay? So, my grocery store is open 24 hours a day. You know what I did? I went in at 3AM. Nobody there. I did a self-training on this machine. I got all the different screens down, I memorized some of my favorite items, four-one-six-two: bananas. I know this stuff. So on a Saturday at 3 oclock in the afternoon when its packed, Im cooking. Im helping out other people. But I was in the human line, Im sitting there. My line aint moving. Had a price check, you ever get this? Theyre sitting there, they scan the steak. Price doesnt show up. Now they have to turn and ask Timmy, the bagger, to go and find out what the t-bone steak costs. And that persons always like, Yes, Timmy, could you please, please go find out for me? And now you hear the whole line just get deflated and pissed off at this one person because they didnt pick out the right steak. I never wanna be the problem. If they scan my steak and it doesnt show up, you know what I tell the cashier? Forget it, I dont need it, keep it going.  You think Im gonna wait for Timmy? Timmy dont even know hes working. This kid leaves here, he aint coming back. Was there even an interview with this kid? I dunno, Im looking at the bagger, hes got a rainbow mohawk, right? Then hes got this, I dunno what it is, if its an earring, you ever see this? It looked like somebody took a shotgun and blew a hole through his ear and then they put magnets in his earlobe. Do you know what would happen to me if I ever came home as a kid with magnets hanging outta my ear? My father would throw me against the refrigerator. So Im in line, Im, I dunno, trying to be green. Its hard, okay? I got plastic this time, right? And the whole line got upset. I could tell the whole line got upset at me with the plastic bags. I go, Yeah, plastic.  and the whole lines like, Hes not green! Cause they all brought their bag made outta wheat. You know what I do when I see that? Double bag it.  Its hot, I get frustrated when I talk about this stuff. You ever see somebody leave the grocery store and the alarm go off? That alarm constantly goes off. People walk off, right? And all of a sudden they hear, And what do they always tell you? Youre good! Go ahead! Youre good! You can have nine steaks down your pants. Go ahead, take off! Steal it! So you get heated, man. When youre out. Gotta stop often to cool off. Whats with, this whole towns going nuts with yogurt. Whats going on with yogurt? Everybodys dying for yogurt. They see a Pinkberry, theyre like, I wanna go get some Pinkberry.  Im not a yogurt guy, but I had to go look to see what the problem was. Im sitting in line, Im watching people eat the yogurt. First of all, everybody had a sample before they got, what is with the sampling? I dont do samples. These two women came up, so proud of themselves, theyre like, Excuse me, do you have pomegranate? Can we try the pomegranate? They were so happy they were gonna get a free lick. Now the guys gotta turn around, hes gotta fill up a little Dixie lick cup. And he hands it out. Grown women, but theyre like kids when they get it. Theyre like, This is good! I like this one! I dont do any of this. I just got the green tea. If I dont like it, yeah, I fucked up. You think Im gonna hold up 12 peoples day licking, Yeah! Driving, thats another thing I cant do. You ever get behind someone, theyre not moving? Theyre not moving, right? Youre like, Come on! Right, youre like, you change into an animal. Come on! Youre just looking for the pass lane. Youre looking to pass them. And it seems like its days, it takes days for this to happen. But youll finally get it, right? Youll finally get it. But as you pass, you cant let this go. As you pass them, you have to turn and look to see who the hell is driving this way. You cant go to bed at night without putting a face to that miles prowl. And I dunno what happens to us. As we pass, we lose it. Were like, What the hell are you doing?! Sometimes you wanna just slow up so they can see the face. You pull up and youre like, Look at what you did to me! I was happy a mile ago, look at this transformation! Sometimes you gotta go back to your house and regroup, right? I was sitting in my house, couple weeks ago, just relaxing. My doorbell rang. This is weird. Its a different feeling when your doorbell rings today opposed to 20 years ago, right? 20 years ago, your doorbell rang, that was a happy moment in your house. Its called company. Be sitting there on a Thursday night, watching TV, your doorbell rang, the whole family shot off the couch. Oh, my God! Put the lights on! Somebodys here! We got people! The whole family went to the door. The kids were in socks. They slid up to the door. Nobody looked to see who it was. You just opened up the door. You were like, Oh, my God! Look at that! Look at whos here! And youd ask em, What the hell are you doing here? And the persond be like, I was in the neighborhood. I thought I might stop by, see how the kids are doing.  Theyre like, Oh, come on in! Were gonna have some cake! Your mother had a little Entennmanns. Be some Sara Lee crumble cake just in case company came over. She made an announcement when she bought it. Shes like, Listen, nobody touch this cake. This is for company only. Those crap muffins, those are for you people. You better hope to God somebody comes over so we can cut the cake.  She put her cake in the middle of the table, proud of it, and she put it right in the middle, Cut yourself a slice. Want a cup of coffee? Want some Sanka? Thats old school. Lot of the young kids are looking at me like, What is that, an iPhone app? What the hell is Sanka? Your mother had a tin, brown and orange tin of Sanka ready to go just in case the company. She put a big pot on the table. Go ahead.  Nobody had a cell phone back then. If your house phone did ring, your father stood up and said, Nobody get that phone. We got company.  And you lost track of time. Two hours went by, you were like, We gotta get outta here.  Thats okay. Next time were gonna come by you.  Yeah, my doors always open.  Now your doorbell rings? Its like, What the fuck? Your own mothers crawling across the kitchen floor. Get down, ma! Army crawl! Army crawl! Get in the closet. Go get the sword in the living room. Somebody get the sword underneath the couch in the living room. Theres a sword.  You have to turn and ask your family, You invite anybody over? You invite anybody over? There was always that person upstairs that didnt hear the bell. They come walking down, What the hell is going on? Get the hell down! Somebodys outside! Theyre at the door! I think they saw movement! Oh, God! I gotta open it! I got no cake! I go no Sanka! I got nothing! I got nothing for these people! You cant stop by anybodys house anymore. If you do, you have to call from the driveway. Youre like, Im here. Can I approach? Its me and three other people. Were gonna walk up through the side. Is that your mother with a sword? Why does she have a sword? Its all changing, man. And if you wanna see a big change, and see whats happening in the United States, get called in for jury duty. Last week I was at jury duty the whole week. Am I the only one going to this stuff? I call my friends, You going? Nah, we shred it! What? So I go, 7:30 in the morning, right? 300 people. You sit there in this little room. And I dunno man, were in trouble as a country. If you wanna get a temperature gauge on what society is looking like, go to jury duty. They say its a jury of your peers. The people there are one step away from being a defendant. Nobody knows how to follow instruction. The guys up there, its simple, Name.  Okay, name.  Address.  Address.  And people are like, Hahhh? Then he opens it up for questions. Any questions? Worst thing you can do to the general public is start opening up a questions session. The hands that shot, this womans shoulder almost popped off. People love to hear themselves speak. I have a medical condition.  Nobody gives a shit. Fill out the form and go to the courtroom. The guy next to me, in broken English, asks me how to put his name tag into the laminate. And Im like, Youre gonna determine whether somebody goes to prison and youre having problems with the name badge? You need a release, right? You need to go out. You need to do stuff like this. Friday night comes out, Come on, were going out, were gonna do stuff.  I went out last week to a nightclub. I cant do this anymore. Im getting way too old for the nightclubs. You know youre old when you walk into a nightclub and youre like, Is it loud in here? Whys my hair vibrating? I cant dance anymore. I used to bounce around. I was able to dance. Used to go out in my early 20s, I had my Cavariccis on. Mighta had that belt that shot down. Used to ask girls to dance. Thats what we did, we went out dancing. All week long we practiced at the house and then Friday night we tested it out. Guys would have confidence, man. Girls would be hanging out by the bar. Guy would have enough confidence to pick out the one he wanted and ask her to dance. Real cool, wed come up, wed be like, Hey. How you doin? You wanna dance with me? And shed turn around, shed be like, Yeah, Ill dance with you.  Shed turn to her girlfriends, Hold my purse, Joanne.  And youd go out to the dance floor. You wouldnt touch one another. Very respectful, youd just watch each other move. Youd be like, Yeah.  You had that stupid dance face. Youd lean in, You look fantastic.  Then you would go to the bar cause that song would come in that nobody could dance to, right? That song would always pop on. Like, I cant dance to this. Cant dance to Whitesnake. Lets go get a drink at the bar.  So you would go to the bar. This is where you would have to have a little personality. Flirt with her, right? I grew up with a group of guys who were all funny. Thats what wed do, make fun, goof around with girls, make em laugh. Girlsd be like, Ohhh You guys are funny! Id be like, Yeah, I know.  You would go in for the kill, you would get the number, like, Why dont you write your number down on a napkin? Ill take you out for some steak next week, huh? And you would get the number on a napkin. It was kinda damp, right? The ink would bleed a little bit. Before you left the club you had to ask her, Excuse me, sweetheart, is this a seven? Did you write a seven? You give your number out now, five minutes later you get a text message, What are you doing? What do you mean what am I doing? I just met you. Back off! Its weird now at these clubs. Its embarrassing. Men look like predators. They look like predators on the dance floor. They dont ask girls anymore. They just come right behind them. Theyre like This is flirting? Somebody wanna call the authorities? These nightclubs. Go to the bathroom at a nightclub. Thats a whole different sub-culture in the bathroom. They gotta bathroom attendant in the bathroom. They put this guy in here about 15 years ago and his sole job is to give you a towel after youre done washing your hands. From here to your hands. Now, I dunno if that was a problem for people. I dunno if people were coming outta the bathroom wet, What do I do?! Im wet! So management said, You know, listen, theyre not grasping the concept. Theyre coming out, theyre drenched, theyre soaked. We need to put a guy in there to distribute towels.  And as soon as you walk in and you see him you get pissed off that hes even there, right? You walk in, you see him, youre like, Oh, God! They got a guy! Its weird! Now you gotta talk to him after youre done, youre like, Yeah, smells like crap in here, huh? And you gotta tip him a dollar for the towel, for what? I could see if I took a crap in a sink, There you go man, sorry about that. Little screwed up tonight. You wanna wash that out. Maybe light a match, some Febreze, a candle, do something! Ill give you a dollar.  Its weird man, but the worlds changing, I dunno whats wrong with people. Go to the club, they got, everybodys gotta tattoo now. Oh, my God! I cant believe it! All the guys will get one, right? Theyll put one on their bicep. Now every shirt becomes a sleeveless. They gotta billboard their tattoo. They gotta show it off because theres like an emotional meaning behind it, right? Some idiot will come up, Excuse me. Hi, Im sorry. What the significance? Why do you have a cobra head on your bicep? What? Now the guy gets all emotional, hes like, Thanks for asking. The reason I got the cobra, five years ago my father, excuse me, my father got bit by a snake. So to remember him by, I put the snake head on my bi, its not done yet.  Its never done, right? They always gotta go back, get shading. 2019 Im gonna have the whole cobra all over my body. For now, its just a head, but whats gonna happen, its gonna drape across my chest, its gonna cascade down my torso, the tails gonna wrap around my nutbag. Dont laugh, its for my dad, you know? Its gonna creep around my back, the rattles gonna tickle my nipple, and on my nipple its gonna say Dad rest in peace, you know? What the hell are you doing to yourself? What, did you forget he died? What, do you look down in the shower, Oh, yeah! People ask me all the time, Sebastian, why dont you have, why dont you get a tattoo? I go, I dont put bumper stickers on Ferraris.  But thats what we do, we go out as a society. Thats all we do, is go out. Go out to dinner with your friends. That always gets weird, especially if you go out with a group and you go out for anything, like a dinner or whatnot, and when the bill comes, it gets weird. Cause what normally happens is the bill will travel around the table. People will then begin to pitch in what they think they owe. The problem with this is theres always somebody last to get the bill. A look of confusion and concern comes over their face. Theyre like, One, two, three, four.  Now, people see this and theyre like, Need a couple extra dollars or something like that? Theyre like, Well, Im $687 short. So the two bucks youre gonna pitch in aint even gonna put a dent in this. So how bout this, how bout the bill take another lap? Do another lap. I dont think my chicken tenders were 700. Thats one way it might work, right? Sometimes youll be out to dinner and somebody picks up the bill at your table. Now, theres a game involved with this. If somebodys nice enough to pick up a bill, you just dont go, Hey! Thanks! No, theres a game. Somebody takes the bill off the table, you have to stand up and lunge, lunge for the bill. You lunge but you dont touch it! Cause if you touch it, you might end up with it. Youre like, I never wanted it. I just wanted to act like I did.  So you stop shy, What the! And you act like you dont know, you know exactly whats going on, but you have to act like you dont. Youre like, Come on, what are you doing with that? Come..  Now the person will go, Please, come on. Im making a lotta money, you know that. I got this tonight.  The person doesnt sit down. You have to come back with number two. Now, you go fish for the money. Youre like, Thats ridiculous, its a lotta money. Hold on here, right? And you go for the money, but the moneys back here. You just shake a pocket hoping they cut you off. If that person has any class theyre like, Please, come on on. Youre embarrassing yourself. I got this, get it next time.  You have to come back with number three. At least let me leave that tip down. Come on, huh? Now the person will then say, Your moneys foreign. I got it all.  Now, Ive been in situations where I go, Let me leave the tip, and the persons like, Sure, go ahead, Im like, You cheap bastard.  You might go out with a group, you might go on a date. Some people go dating, right? Its what a lot of us doing, right? Nice couple here, hugging her, gripping onto her, Its my girl.  Its nice, its love all about. The first dates the big date, though. You go on a first date, theres a lotta flags, lotta red flags going off on that first date. I watch how a woman eats, this is a huge deal-breaker for me, okay? Took a girl out a couple months ago for Italian. She ate everything on the plate. I got no problem with that. – Yay! – Yeah I got no problem, do it all you want. The problem I had is she then took a piece of bread and did a sponge job. My father does that during the holidays. You might wanna wait til we fall in love until you start mopping up sauce with bread fragments. Another deal-breaker, when I go to the girls house for the first time. Ladies, be prepared for the come-over, okay? Have some options for me. You come to my place, Im ready for you. I have it. Its like a hotel. Soon as we walk in, I turn around, Want a little Diet Coke? Apple juice? Wine? What do you want? I got Orangina. Nobodys got Orangina. Throw that at a chick, You wanna glass of Orangina? You have Orangina? Yeah, I got it. Sit down.  This girl had nothing. We walked in, she turned around, shes like, You want some water, something like that? Water? Ill get that outta the hose. Little things bother me. I dunno. Another girl, she offered me some scotch. I said, Yeah, can you put that on the rocks? So she brought it out, I went to go take a sip, I smelled the ice cubes, the ice cubes smelled like her freezer. Im like, What is this, Johnnie Walker and mixed vegetables? Change out your cubes! Every three days Im breaking cubes at my house, fresh. Its what we do, though. Dating in the beginnings cute, though. God, everythings adorable, isnt it? Nobody can do any wrong. You guys been dating for a while? About a year now. – Yeah, a year, its cute, right? Theres no arguments, everythings adorable. He walks into the kitchen, shes got a little broccoli hanging off her head. Its the cutest thing hes ever seen. He comes in, hes still flirting, hes like, Baby, you gotta, you gotta piece of broccoli hanging off your head.  She flirts right back, shes like, Oh, sorry.  You get married, you have kids. That aint funny anymore. Little things are pissing you off about that person. Never bothered you in the beginning, right? Now little things, just the way somebody brushes their teeth in the morning could set you off. You walk in, you look at em in the mirror, youre like, Oh, look at this shit. I hate you.  You might get engaged. Thats the next step. Now, most guys, I like a classic go to a knee. Thats what I think men should do. Drop to one knee. I think thats what about 90% of the guys do, right? Soon as the guy goes to the knee, soon as he does this, the girl sees whats happening, she gets excited, shes like,. Guy will drop down, hell get a little emotional, hes like, Baby, you know, we been dating for 18 years, you know? I know youre 48, you probably cant have kids anymore. I think Im done clubbing. I think I should maybe settle down, you know? And you put the ring on her finger, shes like, Oh, yes.  Some guys get stupid with it, right? Theyll be out at dinner, theyll be sitting there, and the guyll be like, Look in the mashed potatoes.  Yes.  Now you gotta plan the wedding. I come from an Italian family. Italians do it a lot different than most people when it comes to weddings, okay? Italians dont register at Bed Bath and Beyond. We dont bring a toaster to a wedding. Italians bring cash, okay? We put it in an envelope, sometimes theres not even a card, theres just cash with a post-it note, Congrats.  Now, the bride and groom know theyre getting cash. Theyre sitting there with a satin bag that says Cash in diamonds. And people walk in and, you know, they start making a deposit. Now, some people dont give the cash right away. They hold onto it. They wait til dinners served. They go to dinner, theyll have the dinner, theyre eating the chicken. They go, The chickens kinda dry. Take a hundred outta the envelope. The food stinks. Take a hundred out.  Then at the end of the wedding, the bride and groom, they go up to the room, and before they do anything, they start opening up these envelopes. Now, the groom takes out a black log book. And what theyre gonna do, theyre gonna log the amount and the name in of everybody that came to the wedding, right? So the guy will be, Whatd the Pentangelis leave? Shes like, $10, like, Cheap bastard, $10. The reason for this book is when the Pentangelis get married you go back to the book and you look, Pentangeli. Put 10 singles in that envelope and tell them to screw themselves.  Thats how I did it. My father, cash. Thats all, he had a wad of cash growing up, no wallet, just the wad, just a big knot with a broccoli band around the wad. Wed negotiate. My father would negotiate prices at Sears. It was embarrassing to go shopping with the guy. The salesman didnt know what the hell was going on. The salesman like, The refrigerators gonna be about $1,200, here.  My fatherd be like, No, its not. Were gonna pay cash.  The salesman was like, Yeah, we accept cash, sir. $1,200. My dad like, Cash. Whats the price gonna be with cash? Its not a flea market! Were at Sears! I didnt grow up in a huge family. I have a sister. But, I dunno, I dunno if I wanna have kids of my own. Its coming to a point now where my friends all have kids. Theyre always asking me, Sebastian, when are you? I go, I dunno if I want kids.  Theyre like, What? Oh, no! Sebastian, kids are a miracle. Its an amazing thing. Once you have one of your own its not about you anymore.  Its about them.  Why the hell would I wanna do that? And its not the kids I gotta problem with, its the parents today. Its a different parent than how we grew up. First of all, is everybodys kid fantastic? Why is everybody bragging about their kids? Dont we have any dumb kids anymore? My parents were honest with people. They never bragged about me. We went to the aunts and the uncles, as soon as we walked in, my father was like, Yeah, we dont know what the hells wrong with him. I dunno, somethings off with this kid, somethings loose. Look at how big his head is. Look at the head on this kid.  They put me in the back, Go in the basement. Play pong.  Now I got my friends always coming over with their kids. Bragging, Sebastian, shes so advanced. Shes reading at a fourth grade level, shes only in second grade. Show Sebastian the face, show the face you make! I dont give a shit. If your kid could fly from my backyard to the front yard, yeah, I might wanna see that. Shes unbelievable! Hows it happening?! But whatever your kid does, nobody cares! They got their kid in every sport nowadays, every activity. What are you doing? The kids exhausted. Pick one thing for this kid to do. But no, the father, the mother cant fathom that the child just might not be good at something. Its never the kids fault for lack of talent. Its the coach. You ever get this family, they gotta complain to the coach? They come up to the coach, Coach, wanna come here? Yeah.  Hi, were the Gibsons. Just wondering why my child Tylers not participating in the game with the rest of the kids? Cause he stinks. Its why we gotta bench.  Not everybodys a winner. Not everybody gets a trophy. You know who got the trophy when I was growing up? First place got the trophy, right? Yeah, thats it. It inspires competition, right? They dont even keep score in the games. I couldnt believe it. I came to my buddys kids game late. I said, George, Im sorry Im late, whats the score? Hes like, We dont keep score out there. All those kids are winners out there.  Are you watching the same game Im watching? Kids running the wrong way.  I didnt grow up this way. My parents prepared me for life. Disappointment, failure. They put me in basketball. They came to the first game. At half time my father sprinted down from the stands like, Get the hell in the car, you suck! Hes apologizing to the coach, hes like, Im sorry you had to watch that. I dunno what the hell he was doing out there.  Even I knew I was bad while I was doing it, Im like, I dont feel good! Get me off! He pulled me right off the court, hes like, Listen, you humiliated yourself. You embarrassed our entire family. People took off work to watch what you just did. Get in the truck.  Italians, we dont play basketball. Whens the last time you put an NBA game on and said, Take a shot, Nunzio! It doesnt happen! Put in Carmine for the three! No! Italians, what do we do? Cement, nice cement driveway. Meatball sandwich. Give us a church, well paint the whole ceiling. Certain cultures do certain things well. Italians generally do not go into the medical field, right? Have you ever went to an emergency room and like, This is your doctor, Doctor Aquilani.  Im like, Wait a minute, you got a Ginsburg back there? A Leibowitz, a Falkenberg, somebody I knew that studied? Come on! But its culture-based when it comes to raising kids. The culture thats got it down to a science, in my personal opinion, are these Japanese people. We got any Japanese tonight? You Japanese? – Half – Half. I knew she wasnt 100% because Japanese people are quiet. I never asked that question, a 100% Japanese, Yeah! Were here! It doesnt happen. That was her other half coming out. Japanese people, well-mannered people. You ever look at their kids at a restaurant? Theyre trained. They sit there in a 90 degree angle. Theyre like soldiers. They dont move. They make one slight move, the fathers like, You ever see the white kid at the restaurant? In half a diaper? Mother just sitting there, Ha ha, isnt he cute?  Look! No, you know whats cute? The two year old Japanese kid in a suit eating with sticks. Asking for the check. Two years old, in third grade. But you have a family, maybe. Its hard to stay married. Peaks and valleys. Lotta men veer off the path of monogamy, right? Celebrities do it all the time and the media focuses in on these celebrities. Mostly guys, right? Probably the biggest celebrity to ever veer off the path is Tiger Woods, right? And they put the guy in a sex-addiction clinic. Thats what they do nowadays. They put people in sex-addiction clinics. There is no such thing as a sex-addict, okay? How do you know you gotta problem with sex? You hit a certain number, youre like, Oh, I need help.  This whole thing is a scam. The only guys that are at the sex clinic are guys that are married and got caught. Theres no single guys at the clinic. Theres not single guys banging on the door. Whats the problem? I dunno, Im having too much sex out here! Somethings wrong with me! Its awful! My buddies are laughing at me! I dont know whos coming and going.  Anytime any of this stuff happens, it ignites conversation in house between men and women, right? A lot of women sit there and watch it on ESPN or CNN, theyre like, Can you believe what hes doing? Can you believe this? A lotta guys have to sit there and act, What? How many girlfriends does he have? 17? Thats disgusting! Shut it off, I cant even watch.  Some women, they take it a step further. They compare the celebrity relationship with their own. You cant do this. Two different worlds, right? Tiger Woods worth a billion dollars and women were sitting there, Will you do this? Would you do, look at me! Would you do this? You cant ask your guy that. If you asked him, youd have to, you know, guys would have to say, Listen, honey, the guys worth a billion. If I was worth a billion, I wouldnt be with you. Im working at Walmart. This is the best I could do.  Come on, do you think the guy at Walmart is dealing with the same temptations that Tiger Woods is dealing with? Do you think theres six foot blonde Scandinavian models walking into Walmart asking the stock guy, Hey, wanna little of that? Tell me where your towels are, this is all yours.  Its getting weird, man. World is changing. And I dunno if its for the better. Lotta technology out there. Im not into it. Craigslist is a big, big website. People go there. First of all, have you gone to the Craigslist website? It looks like it came out when the internet came out. Does anybody wanna put up some flash? Looks like braille. But people sale stuff on this with no problem. I dunno, I cant do this. Its weird, this Craigslist. You dont know whos coming to your house, right? Its like an invitation to get murdered. Just put up the posting, Area rug for sale. Come murder me and my family.  You dont know what youre getting. We used to have a garage sale. Thats how we did it. We just threw the garbage on a Saturday morning, just threw it out on the driveway. We put some signs all over town with an arrow, Come get our garbage.  And the weirdest people would show up to your home. You would have a table with a cash box and the garage opened, but you would just watch people mill around your yard, right? Theyd come outta their cars. Some would get a little too close to the house, youre like, Back up! Back off! Back off! What do you want? Tell me right from there what you want! Can we use your bathroom? Bathroom? Get the hell off my property! Its not Walmart, its a shit sale. Pick what you need and leave.  And whatever we didnt sale, we threw it out! But we broke it before we threw it in the garbage. Thats my father, hes like, If theyre not gonna buy it at my sale, theyre not gonna come by later on tonight and steal it outta my garbage. Saw the couch in half.  What? 12 years old, Im sawing! Hes like, Burn all the lamps. Burn all these lamps. Pop the eyeballs outta the teddy bear and then decapitate the head. You throw the head out on Tuesday and then the body out on Saturday. I know who was looking at this bear, and when they come back and find out theres no eyeballs or no body, theyre not gonna want a head.  Its a weird, weird culture out there, man. Cause that technologys taking over. My father wants to get involved with it. Now, my father is an immigrant, came here from Sicily when he was 15 years old. This guys been cutting hair his whole life. Not tech-savvy whatsoever, right? Calls me up the other night. He lives in Chicago, I live out here in Los Angeles, calls me up, hes like, Yeah, wanna learn internets.  Now, I dunno if anybodys ever taught anybody the internet over the phone. Its virtually impossible. You can not use internet terms with someone who doesnt know a computer. And I found that out right from the get-go. I said, Dad, you gotta open up your window.  Hes like, Why? I got two feet of snow outside. Is that for better reception? You get better reception that way? What? Reception? You gotta dummy it down. You gotta explain exactly what they see. I said, Dad, theres a blue e. Do you see a blue e, with like a sphere? Do you see that? I said, You gotta click that twice.  Hes like, Why twice? And Im like, Yeah, why twice? For years, I been doing two. One, you get nothing. Two, it happens. Said, Dad, I dunno, just click it twice! So he goes, Is that what the foot pedals for? Foot pedal? He had the mouse on the floor. Its not a sewing machine! What are you doing?! Put the foot pedal on the desk! What the hell are you looking at? Tell me! Hes like, I think I broke it. I got pipes, I got pipes! How old is your computer that you still have the pipe screensaver? Is it beige? Is it a Presario? What do you got? I said, Shake the foot pedal to get rid of the pipes! I said, Dad, come on! On the top do you see a white bar? I was gonna say cursor, he aint gonna get that. Is there a stick blinking in whiteness? Do you see this? Hes like, Yeah, I see it.  I said, Type in www. yahoo. com.  He types it in, presses return, hes like, I got nothing. You gotta call the internets and tell em I got no website.  I said, Read it back. What is it? Hes like, I got wwwdoty- You spelled out dot? Im trying to get the guy to email, right? So I finally get him there, I said, Dad, call me when you send it.  He called me back, hes like, Yeah, I sent it. I dunno when youre gonna get this. Could be five, six days depending how busy Yahoo is, I dunno.  I said, Dad, Im looking at it! So I open up the email, the entire email is in the subject heading. Im like, What the…  Its scary, man, right? And the older I get, the worse I get. Im a huge hypochondriac. I constantly think Im passing away. I constantly think Im dying. I woke up one morning, my hands were dry, Im like, Oh, come on, what, am I disintegrating? Whats happening? Now, with this use of technology, anything medically, I dont go to the doctor. You know what I do? I go right to Google. You will admit stuff to Google that you wont tell a soul. If Google ever comes out with a printout of what youve been asking it, youre gonna have to leave California. I type in, I got dry hands, what does that mean? Now a bunch of stuff comes back with Google. Google, I stay on page one, I never go to page two, Im always on page one. I dont even know whats on page two. A horse is involved all the time, I dunno what it is. Im always on page one, first three topics, right? Im gonna try and self-diagnose what I have based on other peoples stories and anecdotes. This is the worst thing you could do to yourself. The first story I read, they guys like, I had dry hands three months ago and now I got no fingers.  What? So thats it, I think Im dying. I dont eat, I dont sleep. Three and a half weeks, I lost 15 pounds. My friends were coming up to me going, Sebastian, you look fantastic. What the hell have you been doing? And in my head Im like, I think Im dying.  So I went to the hospital. Go to the hospital, go to the doctor. I walk in, I go, Take a look. Look at this.  He goes, Oh, hold on, let me go take a look at something.  I go, Where you going, Google? I was just there, it says Im gonna lose my fingers. What do you know? Hes like, Im gonna write you a prescription to get some lotion.  Now, this is always a problem, going to your local pharmacy to get medication. I dunno why, you give your slip to the pharmacist, he always looks at it, hes like, Oh Its gonna be about another 25 minutes. If you wanna walk around Walgreens, about another 25 minutes.  And Im like, Its right there. Its right on the shelf.  But you never question the pharmacist. Youre always like, Oh, okay.  I didnt take the walk, I stood my ground. I go, You got it, right? Hes like, Yeah, we got it.  I go, Why would I walk around? Hes like, Theres people ahead of you.  I go, No, theyre not. Im staring right at you. Where are they? Hes like, Theyre walking around Walgreens.  What? Nobody could tell me why Im taking this walk. For years, I swear to God, I thought people were making medication in the back room. I thought there was some guy filling up little caplets going, Tell em walk around! I cant get the damn things on, theyre too small! I need another 25 minutes, I got 30 caplets! So I took the walk, I came back, theres a person in front of me, and theres a line, I didnt see this the first time, theres a line on the floor with two footprints. And it says, on the floor, For the privacy of the person in front of you, please stand behind the line.  Now, the person is right here. Im right here behind the line. Youre telling me this much I cant hear nothing? Right here, right here, no idea whats happening. Right here, Hes got gonorrhea! Every time you come outta the pharmacy theres always a homeless guy there. I dunno why this is. I love to give to the homeless, dont get me wrong, but I get attacked nine, 10 times a day for change, I dont have this type of change for the demand. So I give, but I give once a day. And how, I base it on how they approach me. They guy today had an amazing approach. Beautiful posture. Made direct eye contact. Came up, asked me very nice, hes like, Hey, you gotta couple quarters? Im down on my luck.  I said, There you go, man. Sorry to hear that.  He walked his way, I walked mine. There was no problem. But sometimes they scare the crap outta you, right? Theyll fall out of a bush. They got some screwed up walk. Like, Why am I gonna give you anything? You took no time with your presentation. You got 24 hours a day and this is the best you could come up with? I dunno whats wrong with people. Its all changing, man. And Im glad you guys came out tonight to watch some live entertainment, because I dont even know what theyre giving you on television. American Idol, this is a huge, huge thing. What is it? Its your neighbor. You turn it on, youre like, Isnt this Kyle from Kinkos? What the hell is he doing on televison? No, I grew up with entertainment, man. Musicians that created something, an image, a costume. When Michael Jackson first came out I lost my mind. Oh, God! Yeah! He came on MTV, Id stop what I was doing, it was like an event. Im like, Ma, look at this! Hes a.. Hes got one glove.  Do you know the talent you have to have to come up with one glove? Nobody gave him this outfit, the guy had to think of this. Sitting in his house after Off the Wall, hes like, How am I gonna top 8,000,000 sold? Go get me one glove.  What? Yeah, and go dip it in diamonds.  Do you think he stopped with the glove? Hes like, You know what? Go do that with my socks.  Then he looked at himself in the mirror, hes like, Theyre not gonna be able to see the socks. Hem the pants eight inches off the ground.  What? And not only did he pull it off, the whole world was doing it. I was doing it! I had the red jacket with the zippers and the cheese graters on the top. I would put Michael Jackson moves into conversations. Id come up to my mother, Id go, Ma, you think I could get a popsicle? We were all doing it. Thats talent. Prince, remember when this guy first came out? Four foot two? Four foot two with high heels! I didnt even question that. Purple Rain? The movie changed my life. Remember that motorcycle he had? Eight times too big for him? Remember when he pulled up to Lake Minnetonka? Hes sitting on his bike with that black jumpsuit, that mane for a hairdo, that shit around the mouth, whatever the hell that was. His little boots. Size two boots. Apollonia was this guys girlfriends name. Could you imagine meeting this couple at a party? Be like, Hey, how you doing? My names Prince, this is Apollonia. Whats your name? Youre like, Shit, I gotta go change it.  What do you come back with? My names John, this is Carol. What the hell are you? Are those mini boots, what do you? Is that lace around your wrist? Who are you? I wanted to be Prince. Id walk around my house, outta nowhere, Dearly beloved. Dearly beloved.  My motherd be like, What the hell did you just say? Mother, I said, Dearly beloved.  Now what do we got? American Idol? Some idiot from Montana singing a song in his t-shirt with his entire family in the front row telling America to vote, Vote! Vote for our child so we can all have a better life! Fuck your kid. He stinks. Put him in the truck. Thank you guys, you been fantastic. Thank you so much. Thank you

RON WHITE@A LITTLE UNPROFESSIONAL@2012@I told you to shut up. Hey, baby, what the hell are you doing? What? Ron, you promised. You know how I get when all that jabberin starts. It just makes me crazy sometimes. You know how I am. Get in. You have a show to do in four hours. Oh, baby, we gonna make it to that show, you dont worry about that. You just get this Cadillac fired up, and headed towards Austin. Jabberin. All right! Bye, baby. Austin, Texas, how the hell are ya? Great to be back. Oh, man, its so great to be back in Austin, Texas. I just have so much fun when Im here. I see so many friends. Thanks for comin out. I was in Bakersfield, California, Wednesday night. Boy, you people think youre stupid. Last time I was in Austin was the first time Ive ever blatantly been offered a three-way. And I turned it down, Cause it was one of those deals Where it was two dudes and me. I dont even watch two and a half men. We flew in from Los Angeles, and were goin through lax, goin through screening, And this guy was just losin his fuckin mind, cause I guess he doesnt travel that much. Hes not used to this equipment, and hes just goin crazy. You know, you can have fun with that. You can do what I do. I take two Viagra and demand a pat-down. Whats that in your pants, Mr. White? I have no idea. Youre gonna need to pat that down. Pat it back up again. Give it a couple of twists, see if its hooked to anything. You might wanna go wash your hands. I started this tour this summer in Las Vegas, and while I was in Vegas, I broke this tooth off at the gum line, in an alcohol-swimming pool-related incident. I had a show to do in four hours, I was drunk, and missin a tooth. It looked a little unprofessional. Not to me, but to the fine folks at the mirage, It goddamn sure did. I told em, i said, you gotta get A dentist to patch this up. I will not go onstage lookin like this, Cause this tooth doesnt look that big until its gone. They found an all-Night dental school. This dentist is 14 years old. He hooks me up to the gas, and i dont feel anything. Im, like, dude, you need to turn this gas up. He goes, there are regulations in the state of Nevada Stating which, code one, section four… Im, like, fuck! And i asked him, i said, where did you go to college? He goes, Brigham young. Fuck, dude, turn it up to catholic. Never let a Mormon set your buzz level. Never. Dont do it. And Ill tell you why. They dont understand fucked up The way you and i do. They dont. Theyre guessin, and theyre shitty guessers. When he got through with the procedure, You could still tell which tooth he worked on, Cause it was a different color. My teeth looked like Indian corn. I had to go to my dentist, Whos pitchin veneers for my teeth, Because he says Im doin wide-Screen high-Definition television, Which is nobodys friend. Every actor I know in Hollywood would rather have low-Definition narrow-Screen TV, So they look thin and fuzzy instead of clearly fat. I would like to see my dick on a wide-Screen TV. That way, i can quit lookin at it through my reading glasses. Put these on, baby. It looks bigger than it feels. I had no idea how expensive veneers were, man. They wanted to do eight teeth on the top, And six teeth on the bottom, And i was, like, how much is that gonna cost? He says, $27,500. Fuck, how much is dental school? Ill teach my mother how to do it. Youre goin back to college, mom. I never went to college. Thisll be fun for you then. It was a weird week, and I knew it was gonna be a weird week, cause it started off weird. I was gonna go to Vegas a day early to do some media, and I wanted to see this show called Love thats also at the mirage. Beatles Cirque du Soleil show. Fantastic fuckin show. And so, I was talkin to… My wife and I live in Atlanta and Hollywood, And we were out in California, And I said, Im leavin today at 3:30 to go to Las Vegas, and I have an airplane that you guys bought me. I like it a lot. Half the fortune 500 companies in America have let go their private jets. Not Ron White Inc. Im flyin that son of a bitch straight into bankruptcy. I guarantee you, one day, Ill be livin in a double-wide trailer with shag carpet, and Ill have a jet with weeds growin through it. Ill be in the front seat goin, push me around some. And I dont come from money. I come from the opposite of money. I come from no money. Ten years ago, I lived in a camper in my friends backyard. He didnt even know I was there. It wasnt even a nice camper. It was a homemade pop-up camper. It was like somebody had duct taped a tent to a golf cart. I had a 20-inch Coleman television. I had to pump it up during commercials. You couldnt watch porn on it, cause nobodys that coordinated. I was broke. I owed the I.R.S. a bunch of money, cause I dont understand how that works. Its confusing. When I started doing stand-up, they said that made me an independent contractor, And they said I needed to start filing my taxes quarterly, which I thought meant every 25 years. My brain wont wrap itself around shit that complicated. My brain does this. Thats it, thats all it does. I have attention deficit disorder, I have learning disabilities. I dont have a high school diploma. Im smart, but you cant prove it on paper. I do have a G.E.D., and if you dont know what G.E.D. stands for, you probably got one, too. Anyway, I told my wife, I said, Im leavin today at 3:30 to go to Vegas. My wifes a singer, songwriter, composer. Margo Rey is her name. A brilliantly talented woman. And she says, Im workin with a guitar player in the studio till 5:00. You cant wait till 5:30 so I can fly with you? I said, can you be there at 5:30? And she said yes, which I knew was a lie, Because shes the biggest liar I ever met in my life. When it comes to how long its gonna take her to get somewhere, I hear her on the phone all the time, just lyin through her teeth. Were two exits away, traffics really heavy. We should be there in 15 minutes. Im, like, youre in the fuckin bathtub. We wouldnt be there in 15 minutes If we were where you said we were. But i told her, i said, you get there at 5:30, You can fly with me, but let me tell you something, sugar tits. At 5:31, I am wheels up, and i am fucking gone. I said that. Not very loud. But i said it. 5:31 gets there. Is she there? No. – Do I leave? – Audience: no! No. 6:01 gets there, is she there? No. Do i leave? No. Why? Because this dick wont suck itself, thats why. It wont. Ive asked it to many, many times. In fact, the other day, I sat my dick down, I looked him straight in the eye, And I said, listen… I know Ive drug you into some pretty muddy shit In the last 35 years. I need you to get past that, learn how to suck yourself, So I can grow a spine, And get on with my goddamn life. It went in one ear and out the other. My dick has ears. It has an eye, And it has two ears, And a double chin. Mr. Potato dick. The cutest thing you ever saw. I got little outfits to put on him. One of ems a raincoat. Not a condom, a raincoat. Little yellow slicker with that hat. Looks like that fish and chips dude. Its the exact same size as the one on the box. Thats just an interesting fact. What is it, ron? An interesting fact. Anyway, so we go see Love, The Beatles Cirque du Soleil show. Im a huge fan of the Beatles. I just love their music, always have, And cirques always fun. Our shows are at the same time, So id never been able to see it. I got eight people from my camp, My wifes sittin next to me. We have great seats because i work for the mirage. Everythings perfect, except… Right behind me, these two chicks Are just jabberin. Not about the show, just jabberin. Just jabber jabber, cant shut up. Jabber jabber, wont shut up. Jabber fuckin jabber fuckin jabber jabber. The kind of chicks that could talk around a blow job. I told my dave, if you dont fix that goddamn screen door, Im gonna… I come home one more time, that baby got a shitty diaper Wrapped around his ass, Im gonna goddamn… …go to the swap meet, get a dress to wear to arbys… And i turn around and look, I notice their husbands werent with em. I figure theyre at a gun show tryin to find A way out of this fuckin thing. Oh, thats way better. I hear the guy sittin next to em go, Hey, could you hold it down? My familys tryin to watch the show. She goes, fuck you. We paid our money. Well do whatever the hell we want. I was steamin fuckin pissed. Theyre ruining my goddamn night. I cant hear anything but that. Ive been waitin for a year to fuckin see this show. And i turned around, and very politely… Dont start with me. Very politely, i said, Lady, talkin during live theater, As far as social skills go, Is just like shittin in the street. She goes, you better mind your own business. I said, you better quit shittin in the street. She goes, Ill have you thrown outta here. I said, if you dont quit flappin your fuckin cock holster. Everybody heard that. Before, it was a little disturbance right behind me. Very few people privy to that one. Then, 1,700 people hear me goin, If you dont quit flappin your fuckin cock holster… This all at a show called love, by the way. I had her murdered and buried in the desert. Vegas, baby. Careful who you fuck with. And legend has it, if you go out into the desert, And the moon is full, And the wind dies down, You could still hear her jabberin. Im a street shitter. Im shittin in the street. Did you… What the fuck was that? Thats that chick Ron killed. They call this jabber gulch. My favorite thing about playin Vegas is I get to play this golf course called Shadow Creek, which is one of the most exclusive golf courses in the world. I worked for em three years, didnt even know it existed, because they knew if I found out it existed, that Id pester the fuck out of em till they put it in my contract, which is exactly what happened. Its amazing. This golf course is just so fuckin tricked out. The first time I walked through the gates, I was, like, nobodys stoppin me. Its where all the pros play when theyre in Vegas. I was out there this summer, and Tiger Woods was out there, just dickin around. I met him, he signed my golf glove. Hes the most famous person Ive ever met, and I know a lot of famous people, but nobody as famous as Tiger fuckin Woods. I love Tiger, man. I defended Tiger. When all that stuff first came out, when I heard those initial rumors, I felt sick to my goddamn stomach for the guy, because Ive never been accused of doin anything I didnt do. Not one goddamn time. I did it every single time. Not once could i go, no, that was Glen Campbell. Hey, a lot of things smell like strippers. And i defended him to my wife. I said, you dont know what this guys been through. Hit his first famous golf shot on television When he was two years old. You dont know what his home lifes like. You cant judge the guy cause he made one mistake. Then he gets caught with number 13, 14, 15, 16. I started goin, goddamn, tiger. Come on, buddy. And it got to the point where every time He got caught with another woman, My wife would go like this. What?! I dont even know the fuckin guy. Youre actin like i was holdin his dick the whole time. We watched him make that long apology on television, And afterwards, my wife goes, Do you think a guy like tiger Could quit cheatin on his wife? I said… You bet. Which you know is bullshit, Cause you know as well as i do, If a guy likes strange, gettin him to quit wantin strange Is like gettin a dog who likes to kill chickens to quit killin chickens. They dont even know what youre talkin about. You gotta quit killin chickens. All right, let me see if i got this straight. I can still kill chickens. No, you cant kill chickens anymore. All right. Lets say Im in a hotel room with a chicken. Lets say the chicken just wants to touch me. Can i kill that chicken? No. My wife told me all women want the same thing. They wanna marry somebody who will never have sex with anybody else, no matter what. I said, well, maybe you should consider marryin somebody that nobody else wants to fuck. If it means that much to you. Dont marry the most famous golfer in the world. Marry the most famous frisbee golfer in the world. Aint no line to fuck that dude. We had a chat about cheatin that day. My wife told me, she goes, listen, lets get this straight. Sex is sex. Period. I said, now, wait a minute. Oral sex is not the same as intercourse. She goes, its the exact same thing. I said, its not the same price. I heard that on the radio. It all comes down to opportunity, man. Some guys are put into a position where they have to say no to beautiful women, and that is hard to do. Some guys are never put in that position, And thats way fuckin easier. I see these big 350-Pound guys all the time goin, I have never cheated on my wife. Ill bet that was tough. Tiger doesnt get any credit For all that pussy he turned down, And thats the number youre lookin for right there. My wifes best friend, her husband cheated on her, and my wife hates tigers guts, and Im like, what about that guy? You dont hate that guy. She goes, he did it one time. I said, he had one chance. This guy had sex with 100% of the women He possibly could his entire goddamn life. Tiger was 18 for 82,000. That takes a little goddamn discipline right there. If 82,000 women wanna have sex with you, and you only fuck 18 of em, thats… love. He was in love with that woman. She broke his tiny Tiger heart. He lost all those sponsors, which never made sense to me. Cause his core fan base is men, And I dont know one guy in America who gave a fiddlers fuck what he did. I guarantee you, not one guy in America went, really? Tiger got some straight pussy? Im droppin at&t. Not one guy gave a fiddlers fuck. When they were around their wives, theyd act like they gave a fiddlers fuck. Get all foghorn leghorn. Why, i never! I cant believe a man would commit such transgressions towards his wife. I say, i say, hows his relationship with the lord, Id like to know. Then as soon as theyre around their buddies, Its, like, i wonder what kind of cologne he wears. I wanna smell just like that dude, man. He lost so many sponsors, Im thinkin about Bringin him over to ron white inc. Not because we need a new face for the company, Id just love to have somebody around the house To take the heat when i fuck up. Ron white, you are the most selfish prick I have ever met in my life. Tiger, get in here! You tell her what you did. Ron white, you are the finest man i have ever known. I shall fall to my bended knee And suckle your penis. Well, thank you, baby. Slow down. Watch out for those ears. My new years resolution this year was to lose some weight, try to get in better shape. I was workin on it yesterday, And i hurt my fat. I sprained my fat roll. Everybody in my camps on my ass About takin better care of myself. Im, like, what? My wife bought me a bicycle, Thinkin i might ride it. Its for sale. Its a good deal, too. Its like new. Its got 750 yards on it. My wife wants me to start doin yoga with her, And i said, wait, baby, Im not that flexible. She goes, you can bend over and touch your toes, cant you? I said the only way i can touch my toes is if somebody cuts em off and hands em to me. I cant even stand on one foot unless somebodys shinin a flashlight in my eye. I thought this was funny. We were at my wifes yoga school the other day, and they have a vegan restaurant there. My wife goes, why dont we eat here? Weve never eaten here. I said, fine, lets eat here, Cause this dick wont suck itself. Its all about compromise, folks. And i take my tray around to all the bean sprout piles, And i get to the cash register, and my tray is empty. And the purple dreadlock-Haired kid who runs the cash register goes, Mr. White, arent you gonna have something for lunch? I said, theres just nothin here that I eat. He picks up a piece of carrot cake wrapped in cellophane, and he hands it to me. Try this, its vegetarian. The carrot cake… is vegetarian? He said yeah. I said, so you mean to tell me theres no ham in this? Cause my mother makes a meat-lovers carrot cake. Its got sausage, pepperoni, hamburger meat. Its not really heart healthy. She serves it with a lipitor and a stent. They have snuggies now for dogs, and i love dogs, But if i ever see a dog wearin a snuggie, Im gonna kill it, because thats what I think the dog would want me to do. I think if all dogs go to heaven, Michael Vicks gonna be a little nervous if he makes the cut. Yeah. Theres gonna be an awkward pause at the pearly gates. Really? Theyre all here? Yeah, seems like theyre waitin on you, too, mike. Im gonna slip off to hell. Tell Bin Laden I said fuck you. We got bin laden. It took ten years. It wasnt exactly a calf rope. He was in that house for six years with five wives. I wouldve shot my fuckin self. Id have had my head out the window screamin at drones. Im over here! Women. We have a little french bulldog named Pearl, And the other day, my wife said, I finally figured it out. That dog is jealous of me. That dog loves you so much, She cant stand it if Im in the same room with you. I said, oh, dont be ridiculous. And she walked into the kitchen. When she did, pearl jumped on my stomach and said, I can have all your babies at the same time. Shes comin back. Act like nothins goin on. Nothin is goin on. I didnt know whether to buy more of that weed, Or never smoke it again. I went with… a. I got busted with weed in Florida last year. Less than a gram of weed, And they took my happy ass to jail. I been partyin in Florida for years. I didnt even know they had laws. Looked to me like everybody just run amuck down there. Ill run amuck with you. Ill run the fuck out of amuck with you. They took me to jail, man. I tell you what happened. I fired these two pilots for bein dickheads, And they were such dickheads, They started followin my plane around On a software called flight aware, And if you know the tail number, You can follow any plane in the world anywhere it goes. Right before id land in a town, Theyd call the cops, tell em it was a drug plane, So the cops would come fuck with me. Thats pretty fuckin funny. Then they were on the news in Atlanta where i live, Both of these assholes, live on the news goin, Ron White is out of control. He gets drunk on his plane, he smokes pot on his plane, He has sex on his plane. Im, like, this is my plane were talkin about, right? Its not like i did that shit on a delta flight, For fucks sake. No, my phones off. My wife got pissed at me When i got busted with that weed, And she smokes pot. What the fuck is up with that? I come home, she goes, You smoke too much pot. I said, oh, let me get this straight. You smoke the correct amount of pot. You ever smoke so much pot, your wife starts to make sense? Me either. I have this recurring dream that my wife gets run over by a bus. Does that make me a bad person? Im drivin the bus. Aaahhh! Shes had enough. Early last year in Florida, at sea world in Florida, an animal trainer was killed by a killer whale. Huh. Turns out theres a reason they didnt name em ocean ponies. Some things are exactly as they seem, folks. Killer whales kill. Pilot whales wear dark sunglasses. Im not sure how the sperm whale got his name, but Im not gettin in the pool. That whale got his job back. They put that whale back in the show. When I first saw it on the internet, I thought thisll be world news. Wasnt even news at all. They put the whale back. This whale killed three people. This is a serial killer whale. And he got his job back? If that wouldve happened at sea world in Texas, that whale wouldve gone straight to the fuckin electric pool. And thats just a regular pool with a toaster thrown in it. People think theyre expensive to make, but its, like 14 bucks. You can reuse the extension cord. People dont know that. Get another toaster. They busted a sushi restaurant last year in L.A., sellin whale, and they fined em 200,000 bucks. That is so fuckin wrong, man, To take a 50,000-pound majestic animal, And serve it up two tiny slices at a time. Oh, thats good. Got any more? Shit, yeah, we do. We have a shit road.' We make a big commitment. I dont know how it got caught. Maybe that 14-foot fin hangin out of the dumpster. I shoulda crosed the rid. Yeah. Probably shouldve crosed the rid. I live in Atlanta half the year, and last summer in Atlanta, an idiot teenager was decapitated at a major amusement park in Atlanta on a very famous roller coaster. What I thought happened was he was on the ride, stood up and got his head cut off. Thats not what happened. What happened was, while he was on the ride, his hat flew off. When he got off the ride, he climbed over two fences, and went through two gates tellin him not to, to retrieve his hat, which it turns out, he didnt really need, after all. Why, that storys drippin with irony, mr. White. The part of the show where I prove my job is better than yours. Cheers. You guys are fantastic. Thank you so much for comin out on a Saturday and listening. I was at home last week, And my nephew called our house, and I never answer the phone at my house ever. I think he was surprised that i did. I answer the phone, he goes, uncle Ron, is that you? I said, yeah, its me. He goes, uncle Ron, Did you know its okay to be gay? This is why I dont answer the fuckin phone in my house right there. Now its my problem. Im, like, well, youre right. It is okay to be gay. Do you know what gay means? He goes, thats where a man likes a man, or a woman likes a woman, but they cant have babies. Pretty close. You believe at six years old, this kid knows what gay means? I didnt find out what gay meant till I started hitchhiking. I wrote a book, Seven silly secrets truckers just dont want you to know. My wife and I are big fans of the reality TV show on HBO called Pornucopia: Going Down in the Valley. Its a reality show about the pornography industry In the San Fernando Valley, which is where most of its made. And we bought the first season, cause its fuckin hilarious. This one episode was about guys that were straight porn stars, but were doing gay porn cause it pays five times the money, And theyre interviewing this guy, and he goes, Yeah, I was in a scene yesterday with five guys at the same time, and Im not even gay. I was, like, youre gayer than I am. If you can even think of what to do with five dicks at the same time, youre way fuckin gayer than I am. This is the gay part of my show. I was at dinner the other night with this CBS executive who Ive known for years. Great fuckin dude, man. Hes gay, and I never said a word to him about bein gay. I just knew that he was. Were havin dinner in Beverly Hills, and talkin about a potential show, And this chick walks into the restaurant, This L.A. Smokin fuckin hot, man, Probably an actress or a model. She was a milf, which means, I dont care if she has children. I dont think the letters line up, But thats what it means. She sits at a table kinda near us by herself, And Id had a couple of bottles of wine with dinner, And a couple of scotches before that, And i was pretty drunk. I said, you mean to tell me that that does nothing for you? And he looked at her and he goes, Not a thing. I said, you mean, You would rather have sex with me than her? Not by much. What if i lost some weight? Im doin yoga. And Im eatin ham-Free carrot cake. My dick has ears. Thats my favorite thing about L.A. Is the people out there are just so goddamn pretty, man. Ill tell you how it happened. Back in the20s, they started makin movies out there, And when they did, all these beautiful people From all over america flocked the fuck out there To be in the movies. They couldnt all be in the movies. Some of em got regular jobs, But they met those people that were in the movies. They got together, they had these beautiful babies, And those babies grew up and met other babies From the same area, they got together, And had even more beautiful babies. And almost the exact opposite thing Is happenin right now in Kansas. Kansas is full of ugly quitters. Have you ever been there? Its true. Those people that live on the fuckin west coast, Their forefathers got on the Oregon trail, And fought hardships you and i cant even dream of, With starvation and weather and crossin the rocky mountains. Not those people in Kansas. Their forefathers got on the Oregon trail, St. Louis, Missouri. They got to Kansas, said, fuck it, Im stayin here, And Im gonna fuck that fat girl right over there. We had a baby. It looks like a potato. And that potato grew up and met another potato From the same town. Abracadabra… topeka! My wife came home with a story the other day. She goes, i was in the produce department today, And this guy told me i was beautiful. Well, baby, hes right. You are beautiful. Yeah, but he said it. Well, Im sayin it now. Youre beautiful. Yeah, but he said it. Really? You ever overdraw his checkin account? You ever drive his brand-new Mercedes straight through the fuckin garage door? Has that ever happened to that guy? It happened to me, and i think youre so hot, Id fuck you anyway. And if youre one of these guys goin around in grocery stores tellin married women theyre beautiful, Hey, fuck you. Kill your own chicken, you mother… My wifes best friend has an autistic child named Louis. Louis is 12 years old. He is the sweetest child i have ever known. Ive known him since he was six. We were at their house labor day, And Louis informed me that he was gonna run the 40-Yard dash for the special Olympics at Gwinnett high school near where I live in Atlanta, And he asked me if Id come root for him. And i said, louis, Id love to come root for you. I just need to check my schedule. And he goes, we checked it, youre clear. Well, then, Im your man, Louis. And i got to admit, I was dreadin it, Then i ended up havin fun. I thought it was gonna be sad. Thats why I was dreadin it. Its a celebration is what it is. People were tailgatin. Theyre not paintin their faces and bellies blue, But theyre cookin sausages, gettin hammered, bettin on these races. Make no mistake about it. They are bettin on these races. And its not easy to handicap a race. You got 17 special needs kids in six lanes, You dont know what the fucks gonna happen When they fire that startin pistol. They could scatter. Stop, drop and roll. We saw it all that day. Theyre not drug testin these kids. And they announced the 40-Yard dash, And i was makin a little wager On my man Louis, which i did for 100 bucks. I was lookin down at the track. Im up in the stands, and Im tryin to figure out Which ones Louis, which isnt easy, Cause they all wear the exact same thing. They wear special Olympics t-Shirts, Special Olympics shorts, which they got that day. But you can wear whatever footwear you want, And Louis, for whatever reason, They had chosen yellow rubber boots. Which didnt make sense at first, And then, it started rainin. Fuck, if this thing goes off-Road… I got a natural mudder. And Louis won. The yellow blur. Thats what i call him now, the yellow blur. He loves that nickname. His mother called me the other day. She goes, would you please call Louis the yellow blur? Put him on the phone. Youre the yellow blur. Bing! Its not like professional sports. You go to a Lakers game, you wave at Kobe Bryant till your arm falls off, He wont wave back to you. Louis waved back to you in the middle of the fuckin race. He doesnt give a shit. Louis is fan friendly. Louisll stop and sign an autograph. The yellow blur. I took my son tater tot to Europe this summer. My son is 21 years old now. Hes in college. Hes gettin his masters in entertainment business. Hes a great kid. Im so proud of him. Hes smart, hes funny. He has my brains, high-End peaks, Without my low-End problems. Thats some good goddamn news for dad to hear. Weve been monitorin it. Hes funny. I was doin a corporate gig in Orlando where he goes to college, and i was backstage with him. I dont get asked to do a ton of corporate gigs, Cause what do you want your corporate image to be? We were hopin for an overweigh alcoholic That smokes and cusses. Lets call Louis, see if Rons free. Anyway, Im backstage in the green room with my son, And i wear wild socks. And because i do, people give me bizarre socks, For whatever reason. Im backstage with my son, Im puttin on these weird socks, And marshall goes, uh, dad, uh… Those socks are gay. I said, chicks dig these socks. He goes, chicks wear those socks. All right, hes my kid. You can stop those tests. I love his mom, man. His moms great. Shes my second wife. I never argued with her ever. She didnt wanna be married to somebody That was always gonna be on the road. The only argument i ever remember havin with her Was when he was a toddler, About whether or not we should spank him. Her contention was that if you had an argument With an adult, and you disagreed with him, You certainly wouldnt hit him. I said, i would if they peed in my face. Im not kiddin. Pee in my face, See what the fuck happens. She busted him with internet porn when he was 15, And i felt so sorry for him. She called me, just squawkin. And i felt horrible for the kid, Cause when i was 15, i was so horny, I could jack off to the sears catalog, And thats just big-Girl panties and lawn mowers. I cant imagine bein 15 years old, And havin an unstoppable stream of pornography Piped straight into your goddamn bedroom. When i was a kid, i had to earn porn, man. You had to wait till your friends dad Went out of town on business, You had to pull down a rickety spring-Loaded attic ladder, You had to crawl up into a dusty, spider-ridden fuckin crawlspace, Forage through cardboard boxes Till you find an eight-Millimeter reel, Then what? Learn how to work a fuckin projector, thats what! And after all that, You got silent, bushy porn. And if there was a soundtrack, It was always so fucked up, you couldnt understand it. He gonna stick his finger in her ear? No, his penis in her rear. Watch the movie. We had one friend that was two years younger than us, And he went, she put it in her mouth! I didnt know she was gonna put it in her mouth! Shes gonna need to brush her teeth. Not yet, but she will. Watch the film. Note to self: put it in her mouth. So Laurie told me, thats my ex-Wifes name. She goes, youre gonna need to talk to your son about sex. Its time. I said, youre right, it is. She goes, when are you gonna do it, Ron? I said, hes gonna be at the house this weekend, So ill talk to him then. And she said, okay, fine. I said, marshall, turn off the television. Turn it off. I need to talk to you. I said, i wanna talk to you about sex. Oh, dad, come on. Nope, youre 15 years old, its time we had this talk. He goes, okay. I said, the clitoris is as sensitive as an eyeball. Is that it? Thats all i got. Dont go rubbin on it if its dry. Turn that TV back on, boy. What about safe sex, dad? Yeah, its never safe, their husbands always come home. Thats a fuckin myth. Hes so smart, man. I just cant believe how smart kids are today. He can answer any question that you can come up with In two seconds, off his phone. Hes a computer freak anyway, but you ask any question, Doesnt matter… World geography, world history, A note in a song written 300 years ago. There it is. When i was a kid, i had to believe my mother. Thats it, thats all i had. Mommy, where do rainbows come from? Well, 3,000 years ago, An 800-year-old man named Noah Was commissioned by the lord to build a giant ship, And all the animals, two by two. You try to run that crap by a kid today. Theyre, like, click, click. Bullshit. Click, click. Porn. People fuckin on my phone. If my mother didnt know the answer to a question, I had to go to the library, Which is a building. Where they used to store the knowledge. Now its just a place where homeless people piss. My mother used to drop me off at the library when i was a kid, And i was always so intimidated by it, Cause it was so big, And you had to be quiet, Cause the knowledge is sleeping. You had to learn a decimal system Made up by some fuck named Dewey. Then you had to peruse a 100,000-Square-Foot building With volumes of knowledge from floor to ceiling, Ceiling to floor. You had to cross-Reference Deweys bullshit With the authors name and the card catalog. And you finally get to the place Where the knowledge you seek is supposed to be, And it might not fuckin be there. Wheres the knowledge that i seek? Yeah, somebody else has got it. When are they gonna bring it back? They keep it for a month for a nickel. How am I supposed to learn what i need to know? You asked your mother? My mother doesnt know how to work a projector. Shes in dental school, for fuck sake. Dont try to do the math on that bit. Itll just fuck you up. A guy actually stopped my show a few weeks ago, And he goes, wait a minute now. If this summer, you were back in Las Vegas, thats when you broke your tooth. Thats when your mother went to dental school. And now, youre seven years old, Youre saying your mother… Im, like… Dude, really? You had no problem with pearl jumpin on my stomach, And sayin she could have all my babies at the same time. But the math on this one joke has got you so fucked up, you just have to talk. Tell you, the internet changed everything, And it certainly changed the way people dont buy music. The record industry is on its ear, man, Because what they manufacture became easier to steal Than it is to buy, And thats just a fact of nature these days. Theyll figure it out, But i used to sell millions of comedy albums, And now, its hard to sell em, Cause its just so easy to fuckin rip it off. Just click, click, outta my I.R.A., into your i-Fuckin-Pod. When i was a kid, you had to get a ride to sears, Which is a building. You had to find the record department on your own, then you had to cram a twelve-inch by twelve-inch album down your shorts then you had to spongebob squarepants it with Led Zeppelin II crammed down your fuckin pants, hopin nobody was gonna catch your ass. Thats stealin music! We didnt have viagra. You had to like somebody to fuck em. Im kiddin. You didnt either. You didnt either. Grudge-Fuck the hell outta them. We didnt have blue mountains on our beer cans To tell you if they were cold. You had to open the refrigerator, Reach in there and touch that beer can, Or youd never know. But somebody, somewhere went, If we only had some sort of thermostat On each individual can, Like the mountains changing color, To see the optimum drinking temperature. Thank you, rocky mountain. Even though your beer tastes like ass. Those mountains should turn brown. So i tour, thats what i do. I go from city to city to city to city. Ive done it for 27 years. Ive been comin to Austin all 27 of those years, from the Velveeta room to the laff stop, to the capitol city comedy club, to the paramount, to the paramount, to the paramount, to the paramount. Its my favorite room in the whole wide fuckin world. I tour with my wife usually, And I love to tour with my wife, because I only have sex with my wife. I dont have sex with other women. I been married three times, and that has not always been my policy. When I was young, I used to talk to my cousins about this race we were gonna have to see who gets married first. I came in second, fourth and seventh. I feel like my wife misled me a little bit when we first got together, because when we first got together, she was all about, you know what? I dont ever wanna have children. Im just one of those women that never felt the urge to give birth. And I dont like real diamonds. I dont like em cause of that blood diamond thing. You know what I like to do? Suck dick and cook. I like to suck dick, and I like to cook. In fact, when Im not cookin, Im suckin dick, and when Im not suckin dick, Im cookin. In fact, if there was a way I could suck your dick while I was cookin, if we got a stool, and you stood on it, and I could blow you while Im scramblin some eggs, wearin fake jewelry, not havin a baby, all at the same time… That would be heaven for me. Fuck! Me, too. Cut to five years later. Shes on the phone with China tryin to adopt a baby, she got a diamond on her finger looks like a solar fuckin heating unit, Im jackin off, eatin a TV dinner. Wonder what shes got on under that snuggie. Ill bet shes naked as shit under that snuggie. We have a great sex life. You ever 69 someone so long, you start to miss each other? Then the snow turned to rain. I love you. April, may. I need some food. And we could both use a shave. We did it one time so long, it turned into another number. What is this, a 71? You have your toe in my nose. What the fuck? My wife has a new move in the bedroom. My wifes new move in the bedroom is… look at me. Look at me. Open your eyes, Ron. Look at me. And thats a lot of pressure. It is. To look into the eyes of the woman you love while youre makin love, and look deep into her soul, and still see another woman. What the fuck are you doin here? I thought you got hit by a bus. Im great at sex, I come every time. Im, like, 4,000 in a row or some ridiculous goddamn number. Gifted, really, i guess. My wifes maybe a third as good as me. I dont think shes tryin. I asked her the other day, Whats the fuckin problem here, baby? She goes, well, for one thing, theres a fat, sweaty guy layin on top of me. Thatd break my concentration. Get off me, dude, Im tryin to come. Thats not true. When Im about to come, I have the focus of a navy seal. Afterwards, I lay there like a wounded manatee. Poke him with a stick, see if he moves. My wife gives the best head, if you ever have a chance. First time my wife gave me a blow job, my hands went numb. Im, like, Im either havin a stroke, or this girl knows her way around a weiner. And I told her when she got finished, I said, thats the best damn blow job I ever had in my life, by a lot. She goes, I know, its kinda weird, cause I used to be not that good at it. I was talkin to my friend Ted the florist that lived down the street, and I just asked him how he does it. You suck my dick like Ted the florist? That motherfucker knows what hes doin, Ill tell ya that. Now every time I see Ted, Im, like, you oughta open a school, dude. Call it Teds head. Two lips for every occasion. You could open a head and breakfast. Then what would my slogan be? Food. Its the only thing that doesnt suck. You guys have been fantastic. Im gonna close with… So nobodys watchin the dogs, I guess. Ill try to get pearl to play bite my face. Pearls favorite thing. She can have all my babies at the same time. Her favorite thing in the world is for me to bite her face, cause shes like a billy goat, fuckin elbow or whatever, it has no feeling in it. So if I lay down on the floor, sometimes… she didnt do it last show, so you have to be quiet. If I tell her to bite my face, shell run and jump up, and land her mouth right on my face, so Ill bite it, so, sh, sh. Lets try it. Well, that went way better than I thought it would. Now Im gonna close the show this evening with my Dr. Phil story. Dr. Phil McGraw is a friend of mine. We play golf together all the time In Los Angeles, and hes a great guy. You never know… we became friends From him bein a fan. And you never know, if you see somebody on TV, what theyre gonna be like in person. Docs a solid fuckin dude. I guarantee that. Hes straight as he can be, but hes a great fuckin hang, and hes a great asset for me. My father passed away when I was young, and now, Im in this big business world, and I can bounce all these things that I have goin on off of doc and his 35 lawyers. And thats a big deal for me. Im really good friends with his son, Jay McGraw. And, uh, anyway, the other day, I was talkin to my son about self-esteem, and a few days later, I was playin golf with doc, and I said, doc, if you were gonna tell somebody one thing to do to make themselves feel better about who they are, what would it be? He said, finish the things you start. I said, thats brilliant. And I went home, and there was a half a bottle of scotch sittin on the counter. I think I know what hes gettin at. Thats not my Dr. Phil story. Heres my Dr. Phil story. Every year, doc and his family rent a yacht for 12 days in the Mediterranean, and thats their vacation. Its the only way he can get away. Cause he is the most famous person in America. Hes the most recognizable face, 64", bald dome head, porn mustache. You can spot him from any fuckin where. And because he seems so approachable on television, and he really is approachable, I mean, a sweetheart of a dude, but people are always… Anytime he goes out in public, Oh, what about this… and thats fine at first, but eventually, it will eat the skin off your fuckin bones If you cant walk out of your house Without somebody goin, Hey, my brother-In-Law is all fucked up… Come back here. Asshole! And thats exactly how it happens. Ive seen it. So thats what they do. Well, last… this summer, My wife and i went on vacation to france and monaco, And i need a break, too, sometimes. I do 140 cities a year. I do more dates than any other comic… More cities than any other comic workin today, Cause i just love fuckin doin it, And 20 minutes from now, Nobodys gonna give a fuck about what i have to say. While they do, i believe ill do a lot of shows. Hey. So were in france and monaco, And havin a great time. Were just… Im really in love with my wife. Shes so much fun, so talented. We have a fun life together. And were there, and one day, the phone rings, And its doc, and he goes, Arent you guys in monaco? And i said yeah. He goes, were gonna be in monaco tomorrow. Why dont you come party on the yacht? I said, fuck, yeah. Which is what you say if somebody says, You wanna come party on the yacht? You go, fuck, yeah. In fact, lets try it one time. You wanna come party on the yacht? Audience: fuck, yeah! I dont have a yacht. So i was, like, yeah, fuck, this is great. Were excited. We were down there, stayin at the fairmont hotel, Overlookin the little yacht harbor in monaco. Very cool place. We were down there lookin at the yachts the day before, Goin, wouldnt it be cool if you knew somebody That had one of these things? You could just hop on it and fuckin throw the fuck down. And its everybodys yacht, man. This is yacht heaven. This is steve wynns yacht. Prince albert of monacos yacht. This is that russian dude with the tiny giraffes. Anyway, theyre comin in at 6:30 the next evening, So the next morning, we wake up… The next afternoon, we wake up. We go have this amazing lunch, Were drinkin this fuckin great wine From france probably. Thatd be my guess. If i had to guess, And i did… Have to guess. France. And were just havin a great, great day. Sex and just a fuckin… And then, we go down to the fuckin harbor That evening, 6:30, sure enough, Docs backin in a 165-Foot yacht. Im not sure thats how they do it. So the only way to get on the yacht Is to walk on this gangplank to get on the yacht, And Im walkin on the gangplank goin, Nobodys stoppin me. We get on the yacht, and theres our friends from california, Halfway around the world. Are you fuckin kiddin me? How much fun are we havin? Im huggin everybody. Theres a bunch of people on the yacht. Any time Im huggin you, and Im in a strange place, What Im really doin is lookin over your shoulder, tryin to find a bar. Thats why Im turning you. And i see the bar, And right in the dead front center of the bar Is a bottle of famous black grouse, Which is a scotch i started drinkin When I was in Scotland For the open championship in turnberry. And you start lookin at what the scots drink, And thats what they drink. Im, like, oh, fuck, yes. And they have a bottle of it. Its kinda hard to find. And the bartender poured me a big old glass of whiskey, Way bigger than this one. And Im in such a great mood, It tasted better than i ever tasted any fuckin scotch ever. Im, like, oh, good lord. That tastes like butter honey Aged in lindsay lohans pussy. It tasted so good, i decided to skip dinner, And just have a couple more of em. Scare me up another one of these. How about one more? All right. I hadnt had a drink since lunch. I was thirsty. I was goin at it, you know. And doc noticed i was really drinkin hard, And he goes, youre really drinkin tonight, Ron. I said, yeah, doc, some nights, It just tastes like spring water. He goes, why dont you just drink spring water, ron? I dont know. Im not a fuckin doctor. So this is goin on for fuckin hours. Now they really love Margo. They really love my wife Margo. Margos sung on dr. Phils show a few times, And they go everywhere to see her. And margos a four-And-A-Half octave Classically trained opera singer That sings rock and roll and jazz and whatever. Shes been singin here for years. And robin mcgraw loves to goad my wife into singin, And my wife loves to be goaded into singin, So they make a great little fuckin team. So were on the back of this yacht, And Robin goes, come on, margo, sing for us. And margo gets up. Theres people in the back, partyin on all these yachts. Bars on the pier, people out there. And margo gets up and she sings, And they love jazz in france and monaco. They have jazz clubs all over the place. And she gets up and she sings a jazz standard In full voice, Which i dont get to hear her sing in full voice. She sings around the house, but not at full voice. When she sings in full voice, It makes me cry. Oh, no. And she finishes the first song at full voice, And people stand up on the back of all these yachts, And start cheerin. Theyre, yeah! Im, like, how cool is this, man? They really dig jazz. I forgot how much they dig jazz. She gets up and sings another song, Fuckin screamin. People are gatherin up around the back of the boat. By song four, theres 400 people Behind the boat, listenin to her sing. You could hear a pin drop. Just like this… pin drop. And shes just killin it. And i have a little secret. I am fuckin hammered, man. I am so drunk. I cant even believe it my fuckin self, How drunk i am. Im, like, jesus christ. Id get a drink, And id take one little sip out of it, Then talk to somebody, i look back and its empty. Anybody else drinkin out of this glass? Miscalculations. Anyway, she does seven or eight songs, And she goes, okay, guys, thats enough. And she sits down, and doc goes, Well, ron, you wanna do somethin? Now i gotta preface this with, Hes on vacation with his best friend And head lawyer and his wife mary pat, And theyre baptists from dallas, And theyre a little fuckin straight. And theyre about to find out my secret. About 20 years ago, I was doin a bit that was so vile, That i only did it for about a week, and i just quit doin it. This is not the direction i wanna take my crowd For my show. I have no idea why i picked that night To dust her off and take her for a spin. The other day, i was tit-Fuckin mamie eisenhower. Right before i came, my dick slipped And went straight down her tracheal tube. Heres the moral question: Do you pull out… Or dump a load into her lungs? Yachts are pullin up anchor on both sides of us, As fast as they can pull em up. Theyre leavin the harbor so fast, Theres a surfable wake. Theres a stampede of tiny giraffes Divin off the pier, Swimmin towards the ocean and certain death. People are pullin their kids off the pier. I went, i dont think they heard me. Im gonna do it again. Doc goes, thats enough out of you, ron. And margos tappin me out. You ever been tapped out? Come on, baby, its time to go. Shes seen it. Come on, honey, lets just go back to the hotel. Its time for us to go. Come on, baby. Baby, lets just go back to the hotel. Come on now, ron. And i speak fluent drunk. That means, i dont know why you wanna leave. Im having a perfectly good time. Turns out there was a consensus. Okay, ill leave. The only way to get off the ship Is to walk back off that gangplank, And at the end of the gangplank, Theres an 18-Inch drop-Off. And my wifes in front of me, margos in front of me. I get to the end of the gangplank, Doc goes, big step, ron. I said, thanks, doc, Thinkin id made a big step towards something, i dont know. Hes the big psychologist, not me. Its amazing how much speed you can pick up In 18 inches. Its nothin like falling over on the same level That youre already on. I slammed down to that fuckin pier. I landed square on this elbow, Dislocated this shoulder, Put a four-Inch gash down the back of my arm, And i was so drunk, I just bounced off that pier. Fade to black. I wake up the next morning with the shoe buddies. All i can do is lay there in bed and go, Shoe buddy. I cant move my shoulder. Shoe buddy. My shirts stuck to my arm with blood And giraffe hair, And whatever the fuck else youd find on a pier. Shoe buddy. I have a wet jolly rancher in my armpit. Sour apple. Had to cut it out with a pair of scissors. You almost cant eat em after that. Shoe buddy. I slowly opened my achin fuckin eyes, And theres margo. What happened? You got really drunk last night, ron. Whatd i do? Well, you did the tit-Fuckin mamie eisenhower story. Did mary pat laugh? Mary pat left, is what mary pat did. Shoe buddy. You think theyre gonna invite us back over To party on the yacht today? I dont know whats gonna happen now, ron. I dont know. Walks out of the room, slams the door. I just started beratin myself. Im, like, why you do that, ron? Why do you get so drunk And screw things up for other people? Why cant you drink like a regular goddamn person? Is that too much to ask? You have a wonderful son and a beautiful wife, a great career. Why dont you make some changes in your life That will make a difference in the long run, And about then, the phone rang, and it was doc. He goes, you guys gonna come party on the yacht? I said, fuck, yeah! Thanks for playin along. Ive never performed for a better crowd In my goddamn life. Bless your hearts for listening so intently. Thank you.

JOHN MULANEY@NEW IN TOWN@2012@[funky 90s beat and cityscape pan] [singing] ? New in town, [John Mulaney jumps out of apartment with rolled up papers] ? John Mulaneys New In Town… [John tries to put mustard on his hot dog and dramatically squirts his shirt] ? Hes spilling mustard on his shirt, [John is in an office setting and comically drops an armful of rolled papers] ? Hes got some papers to deliver, but oh no! [Switches to shot of a newspaper that reads John Mulaney is a Great Architect and John does an all right! motion with his fist] ? Hes successful, and hes got so many crazy friends! [A black man carrying a small Asian man walk into the shot. Yellow serifed lettering reads WITH POUNDCAKE WALKER & MICHAEL ITZOFF] [John exasperatedly rolls his eyes, puffs his cheeks, and lowers his arms in front of him] ? Ooh, new in town, John Mulaneys New In Town! [Pans in to a New York apartment building] (low narrator voice) New In Town was filmed in front of a live studio audience. [Fades into the actual stage and the crowd is cheering while upbeat music plays] * * * [John walks on stage with a cartoonish grin and picks up his microphone with a flourish] Hi! Hi! Hello! [crowd continues to cheer] Hi! Hahaha, how are you? Thank you, thats very nice of you, thank you. [cheering fades away] Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thats so nice of you, I hope youre having a good week, thank you for being here! I, uh, am doing well myself. In a couple days Im gonna turn 29 years old and Im very excited about that. I was hoping, uh, by now that I would look older but that didnt happen. [light audience laughter] I dont look older, I just look worse, I think. Honestly, when Im walking down the street, no ones ever like, Hey, look at that man! I think theyre just like Whoa! That tall child looks terrible! [slowly turns head with shocked expression to pantomime someone looking at him walk by] [audience laughter] Get some rest, tall child! You cant keep burning the candle at both ends! You ever seen on Americas Most Wanted when they age a photo of someone? Just take my kindergarten photo and yellow the teeth and put bags under the eyes and be like This is what he would look like now [puts hand in front of him as though he were showing someone a picture] [audience laughs] I was a very nervous kid, I was very anxious all the time when I was younger. But whats nice is that… some of the things I was anxious about dont bother me at all anymore. Like, uhhh, I always thought that, uh, quicksand was gonna be a much bigger problem than it turned out to be. [audience laughter] Because if you watch cartoons, quicksand is like the third biggest thing you have to worry about in adult life, behind real sticks of dynamite [holds up one finger] and giant anvils falling on you from the sky [holds arms slightly away from body and looks up] I used to sit around and think about what to do about quicksand! I never thought about how to handle real problems in adult life. I was never like, Oh, whats it gonna be like when relatives ask to borrow money? [audience laughs] [John turns head sharply to the side] Now Ive gotten older, and not only have I never stepped in quicksand, Ive never even heard about it! No ones ever been like, [slight Brooklyn accent] Ey, if youre comin to visit, take I-90 cause I-95 has a little quicksand in the middle. [moves hand in circular motion] Looks like regular sand, but then youre gonna start to sink into it. [lowers hand to gesture sinking] [audience laughs] I was nervous all the time, but I had a good family, I have wonderful parents. A lot of guys my age Ill hear them say this, theyll go, [slightly lower and slurred voice] Every day I think Im becoming more like my dad. I think Im becoming more like my mom? Because I- I was watching that show Access Hollywood and one of the reporters said, [switches mike to other hand and imitates facial expression and voice of a reporter and bobbles head while speaking] Up next, weve got an exclusive interview with Sandra Bullocks former husband Jessie James, and out loud, I went, [slightly higher and harsher voice] Euch! This oughta be good! [audience laughs and John nods curtly] Thats pure mom. [a little more audience laughter] My parents are both lawyers, they are BOTH lawyers, and sometimes they would be like lawyers with us when we were kids. I remember one time I was in bed, and my dad came in and he said Good night, John! Did you brush your teeth? and I said, Yes, But heres the thing. [light audience laughter] [John smiles mischievously] I hadnt. [quickly turns head with serious expression] But who cares? I didnt have, like, a job interview or anything. So my dad comes back and in a couple minutes holding my toothbrush [raises his arm up by his head as though holding a toothbrush] He says, John, is this your toothbrush? and I said Yes, and he said, [moves hand with emphasis with every word] So we agree that this is your toothbrush? [audience laughs] But he said, John this toothbrush is [looks down and looks up quickly] bone-dry. Yea, like he looked down and he said [looks down and looks up quickly] bone-dry. [audience laughs] He said, You lied to me! and I said Dad, [holds up a finger] I did not lie, I said that I brushed my teeth, I never specified that I brushed my teeth tonight! [points to the side slightly behind him] And if the court reporter reads back my remarks, you will see that I did not perjure myself. My moms also a lawyer, she was a different kind of lawyer with us when we were kids. My mom was more like Nancy Grace. She would just make wild accusations all day long and wait for something to stick. [audience laughs] My mom would blame me for things that happened on the news. [dramatically turns head to the side while smiling] That is true. I woke up one morning when I was a kid and my mom was standing over my bed and said, [vibrates head dramatically on italicized words and speaks in a slightly higher and more frantic voice] I just heard that Princess Diana and her lover Dodi Al-Fayed have been killed in Paris [turns on his heel and takes a couple steps to the side] Like I had something to do with it! I was like, [defensive tone] Mom, I have been here all night. You can feel the TV, its warm. Luckily, I had a good alibi since I was in Wisconsin and 12. [audience laughter] My brothers and sisters and I had this babysitter named Veronica when we were kids, and I was [hushed tone] in love with her. I was in love with Veronica. She would babysit us on Saturday nights. [return to normal volume] And in my head, when I was a little kid, I thought that Veronica was like 25, 30 years old. I was just talking to my mom the other week, I found out that when I was 10 Veronica was 13. [audience laughs as John wears a confused expression] So why was she in charge? All she could do was dial the telephone a little better than I could. 13 when Im 10? Thats just like hiring a slightly bigger child. That would be like if youre going out of town for the week and you paid a horse to watch your dog. [audience laughter] Like, [turns head as though looking up and a horse and holds out hand as though holding a piece of paper] All right, here is the number where well be, [maintains eye contact with imaginary horse and moves hand to gesture lower to the side] and heres where we keep the dog food, [moves hand up to pet imaginary horse] and youre a horse. [audience laughs] [John continues to move arm in dramatic sweeping motion to show petting the body of a horse] [hushes horse] Shh shh shh shh shh, shh shh shh, shh shh [turns towards audience and lowers arm] Why do people do that? People always shush animals. Theyll go, [mimes petting a large animal] [speaks in soft voice] Hey, shh shh shh… [turns sharply to face audience with a cheeky expression and bobbles head, speaking in a matter-of-fact high pitched voice] Theyve never spoken. [as the audience laughs, John walks slowly to the side] I always wanted to live in New York when I was a kid, Im so excited that I get to live in New York. I saw New York City in a movie when I was a kid, it was called Home Alone 2: Lost in New York. It is a sequel, [audience starts clapping] Yeah, how about that movie? [audience laughs lightly] It was a sequel to the movie Home Alone. [starts speaking in a hushed tone] I remember in that movie — oh, the kid in Home Alone 2. He gets into a stretch limousine on 5th avenue with a large cheese pizza and I thought, [turns head upwards and outstretches arm and yells] THIS IS THE HEIGHT OF LUXURY!! [light audience laughter] Now I live in New York and Im psyched, [turns head to the side with dubious expression] but that is a stupid movie title. [turns head sharply] Lost in New York? The streets are numbered. Howd you get lost in New York? [turns head with condescending expression and tone of voice] I know its kind of stupid to complain about a movie that came out 17 years ago, but I wasnt a comedian back then. So I have to do it now. I wish Id been. I wish Id been a Def Jam comic when that movie came out. [aggressively] I would have torn it to pieces! Be like, [imitates a ghetto manner of speaking and voice with increased volume and paces back and forth quickly] You seen this shit? You seen this Home Alone 2: Lost in New York shit? Its a grid system, motherfucker! [audience laughs] [John raises his eyebrows and whips his head to the side and begins speaking more rapidly] Where you at? 24th and 5th? Where you wanna go? 35th and 6th? 11 up and 1 over, you simple bitch!! [audience laughs and applauds] [John returns to his normal voice and demeanor and raises an arm in a sweeping motion] Thatd be my big joke. Thatd be the closer. If I was a Def Jam comic when that movie came out. [weakly holds up a finger] But alas, I was not. [turns head after every comma] I think the bullying that young people have to go through now is really rough, I really sympathize, cause I was bullied when I was a kid. When I was in grade school, I was bullied for being Asian-American. Aaaand, the biggest problem with that… is that I am not Asian-American. [presses lips together tightly] [light audience laughter] But when I was younger, [turns head quickly and says while laughing] and this is absolutely true, people thought that I might be Asian-American. [turns head with serious expression and holds his hand at eye level] I have pretty thin eyes, I had very thin eyes when I was a little kid [sweeps hand down from top of head to eyebrow then moves it straight horizontally] and I had straight black hair that I wore in a bowl cut. And from the ages of 3 to 8, people thought that I might be a young Chinese person. On the first day that he met me, the guy that is now my best friend — he met me the first day of kindergarten — he went home that night and said, Papa, today I met a boy with no eyes. [audience laughs] [John smirks and sways his head with swagger] And that was me. Kids would make fun of me in middle school. Kids would call me a china man, which of the racial slurs has got to be the laziest. [audience laughs] That is just pushing two words together, [dramatically shakes head with eyes closed] no work was done there. [speaks in an incredulous tone] It was very confusing to me because Im not Chinese, no one in my family is remotely Asian. I mean, we take our shoes off when we come inside, but that was more of a carpeting thing that anything else. [light audience laughter] Heres how bad it got, though… I remember when I was in junior high, we had this music appreciation class that we never appreciated. And they took us to hear some classical music once at a symphony orchestra. So we go to a symphony orchestra. In one of these classical pieces, there is a moment where they [pantomimes hitting something with his arm] bang a gong, and every time they banged the gong, all the kids sitting in front of me would stand up, turn to me, [places hands together and bows deeply] and bow like that. [audience laughs] Which is some racist-ass bullshit, but also [turns head with impressed expression] incredibly well coordinated for a group of 13-year-olds. 13-year-olds are the meanest people in the world. They terrify me to this day. If Im on the street on like a Friday at 3 PM [moves hand with emphasis on each word] and I see a group of 8th graders on one side of the street [points to the side and then dramatically moves point towards the audience] I will cross to the other side of the street. [moves pointing finger with emphasis on each word] Because 8th graders will make fun of you, [changes point into an okay with his hand and continues to move it for emphasis] but in an accurate way. [speaks with a spiteful tone and expression] They will get to the thing that you dont like about you. They dont even need to look at you for long, theyll just be like, [uses high obnoxious voice and shuts eyes while doing a goofy dance] Ha ha ha ha ha! Ha ha ha ha ha! [sharply turns to side and points with alert and mocking expression] Hey, look at that high-waisted man! He got feminine hips! And Im like, [John moves to side where he was pointing and screams in a high but gravelly voice while shutting eyes tightly and moving fist and upper body down in unison for emphasis] No!! Thats the thing Im sensitive about!!!! [audience laughs] [John straightens up and turns to the side and pouts] [John returns to regular demeanor and expression and paces the stage in silence for a moment, smiling at the audience occasionally] When I was a boy, I was also confused with a woman sometimes over the phone, because before I went through puberty, I had a voice like a [stands up on tip toes and makes voice slightly higher] little flute! [audience laughs] I was once on the telephone with Blockbuster Video, which is a very old-fashioned sentence. And — [audience laughs] It is! I was on the telephone with Blockbuster Video… thats like when your gram would be like [narrows eyes and covers upper teeth with his lip while bending over slightly, yelling in a high obnoxious voice] Wed all go play jacks down at the soda fountain! [turns to the other side] and youre like, [holds hand out in exasperation and narrows eyes while bending over slightly while yelling in a rude manner and shaking head slightly while speaking] No one knows what youre talking about, you IDIOT. [John straightens up and audience laughs] [looks an audience member in the eye] You know how you talk to your grandma? [turns and holds up hand at about shoulder height] So… [John freezes his pose for a moment while waiting for audience to finish laughing] [lowers hand to side and turns slowly] I was on the phone with Blockbuster, and Id called them a couple of times in one day to ask about a movie, and I called for a third time. I said, [holds up hand to ear to pantomime holding a telephone and speaks in a very high nervous voice] Hey, yeah, I-I was just calling to see if you had Addams Family Values yet, [returns to normal demeanor] and the guy at Blockbuster went, [holds up other hand to pantomime a telephone and speaks in a very low aggressive gravelly voice while shaking head and hand for emphasis] Hey lady! Ill tell you when we get Addams Family Values!! [returns to normal demeanor] But look, I wasnt offended as a boy being confused with a lady, I was offended as a lady who was getting pushed around by this chauvinist asshole that works at [mockingly] Blockbuster video, talking to me like Im some floozy… [with confidence] I am a proud Asian-American woman [audience laughs] and you will treat me with respect! [audience applause] I am a tiger mom! [turns towards audience with dramatically serious expression and tone of voice] Now when people make fun of me, I deserve it. Uhh, I do. [nods] When people get mad at me now, its my fault, when people get mad at me on the highway thats all my bad, Im a terrible driver, I know nothing about cars. [regretful] I meant to learn about cars, and then I forgot. [audience laughs lightly] Nothing that I know can help you with your car ever. Unless youre like, uh, [turns head side to side as though looking for someone while pointing behind him with his thumb] Hey Ive got a flat tire, does anyone here know a lot about The Cosby Show? and then I could be like [hunches over slightly and walks with swagger with a comically mature expression and low voice] Oh, perhaps I could be of some assistance. Im one of the worst drivers Ive ever seen, and I just want you all to know that if youre ever on the highway behind me, uh, [colloquial yet condescending tone] I hear you honking and I also dont want me to be doing what Im doing. [audience laughs] I dont like that Im in that lane either, and I sure would like to get out of it! [audience laughs] I was on the highway in Texas recently which was like a highway filled with 13-year-olds. [uses hand to represent his car and slides it to his left] And I was in the far left lane and then it turned into a U-turn only lane and I started to make a U-turn [turns hand inwards] [begins speaking rapidly and with urgency while shaking head] but then I panicked because I didnt wanna make a U-turn! So I put the car in reverse [pulls hand back to where it previously was] and then merged right back onto the highway [turns hand to his right and pushes it forward] [returns hand to microphone] The best thing about that was that after that, cars were pulling up and [turns head to side while pantomiming steering a car] looking over to see who just did that piece of shit move, [audience laughs] expecting to see like [straightens up and speaks with emphasis] a 100-year-old blind dog whos texting while driving and drinking a smoothie, instead they see a 28-year-old healthy man trying his best. [audience laughs and claps lightly] Its wrong to make fun of people, you know, but its so fun sometimes. [voice becomes increasingly low and hushed as sentence goes on] Ive written for some TV shows, and, you know, on a major TV show you have to be careful about what you say about people cause a lot of people get offended, or so it has been explained to me. I was once — Ill tell you this, I was writing for an awards show once, and I got into some trouble. I wrote a joke for this awards show that had the word midget in it. And someone from the network came down to our offices and he said to me, Hey, you cant put the word midget on TV, and I said [turns head and gestures to himself with his hand] I sure would like to! And he said, [turns to the other side and points finger and speaks more aggressively] No! Midget is as bad as the n-word. [turns head towards audience] First off, no. [audience laughs and John chuckles] No, its not! Do you know how I know its not, I said to him, is because [gestures back and forth to himself and the imaginary other person] were saying the word midget, and were not even saying what the n-word is! If youre comparing the badness of two words, and you wont even say one of them… [nods head with energy] thats the worse word. [audience laughs] [accusatory and incredulous tone] Also, I dont mean to gloss over what, like, little people have been through in this country, but you cannot compare the plight of midgets to African-Americans. That is outrageous! Midgets were never enslaved, [widens eyes and uses a dramatic tone] unless you count the Wonka factory! [audience laughs] So we get into this argument, were going back and forth, he goes [points and speaks sternly] You cant put that word on TV, [turns to face other side and points while whining] and I said, I want to, and he said [outstretches pointing arm and moves it for emphasis] If you put that word on TV, there could be a protest of midgets on this building! [turns dramatically and leans over] and I said, Promise? [audience laughs] How tempting would that be? I dont mean to complain about censorship at all though, because as you probably have seen by now, you can basically say whatever you want on television. Its ridiculous. You can say anything you want! And if you dont believe me, you should watch a little program called Law & Order: Special Victims Unit. [audience applause] Yeah. A show that I LOVE, because on that show you can say the grossest things youve ever heard in your life. No, you cant say like the f-word, you cant say that on Special Victims Unit, but people walk around on SVU going like, [walks to one end of the stage and quickly turns on his heel and walks with purpose while looking at the audience and imitating Ice-T] Looks like the victim had anal contusions. [audience laughs] [points over his shoulder with this thumb] Yo, looks like we found semen and fecal matter in the victims ear canal. [audience laughs] Those are two real things that I heard on Law & Order: SVU at 3 in the afternoon, [audience laughter] both spoken by Ice-T. [audience laughs and John laughs as well, causing his voice to crack] Ice-T is a detective with the special victims unit, he handles New Yorks most sensitive cases. I love Ice-T on SVU. He is fantastic, hes awesome. Whats so great about him is that hes been with the SVU for like, mmm, 11 years now, but he still treats every case like its his first in terms of total confusion. [light audience laughter and John chuckles] Sometimes theyll be in the middle of an investigation and Ice-T will be like, [impersonates Ice-T and wears a skeptical expression while darting eyes side to side] Yo, you telling me this dude gets off on little girls with pigtails? Its like, [condescendingly] Yeah, Ice. [tightens lips and nods] Hes a pedophile. You work in the sex crimes division. Youre gonna have to get used to that. [looks at front row audience] You know how they try and tie in, like, current events to every episode of SVU? [looks up] So there was this episode I saw a while ago that was about sex addiction, cause a lot of celebrities have come out as sex addicts. So the episodes about sex addiction. There is a scene in the episode where the other detectives are trying to teach Ice-T what sex addiction is, [with emphasis] and it takes a couple of minutes. [audience laughs] And finally, Ice-T gets it, [sharply jars upper body backwards while framing his face with a hand] and they cut to him in this close-up and he goes, [darts eyes side to side while impersonating Ice-T] Oh, I get it. [looks straight on with wide eyes] You mean like when someone drinks too much, or snorts cocaine, or bets the house on the ponies? [nods while smiling and speaks in a amiable tone] I was like, Yeah you got it, man. [audience laughter] And I was psyched that Ice-T understood so that they could continue with the investigation, but I couldve watched another four hours of Ice-T just naming examples. [sharply jars hand up to frame his face] Just that close-up and Ice-T like, [impersonates Ice-T with a wide-eyed expression, looking side to side after each sentence] Or like when some smokes too many cigarettes? Or like when someone shops too much with credit cards? Or like when someone plays too many scratchy lotteries? Or like when someone eats too much chocolate cake? Or like when someone eats too much chocolate cake and then barfs it up? [makes talking motion with hand] And he would just keep talking and it would slowly fade out and say [flicks hand forward] Executive Producer: Dick Wolf. [audience applause] Thatd be my ideal episode. Thatd be a good one. I saw this SVU a little while ago, I saw this episode of SVU, and Dean Cain was a rapist… [suddenly looks surprised and holds up hand with a defensive explanatory tone] ON THE SHOW. [audience laughs] And there was a scene where they do a line-up with Dean Cain and four other guys and they bring in this woman whos gonna look at the line-up, and its her behind the glass and they open the curtain [pantomimes opening a curtain] and shes standing with the two other detectives. [hushed tone] And I knew she wasnt gonna say this, but part of me was hoping she would just be like… [squints and looks back and forth from towards the audience and to the side with a puzzled expression] Is that… Dean Cain? [audience laughs] [John points towards the audience and nods before turning towards the side again while nodding] Fucking Dean Cain? [shrugs and nods] Thats pretty cool. I also watch this show called Cold Case Files. On Cold Case Files, they solve old murders, and its really interesting  cause what I learned from it is that it was really easy to get away with murder before they knew about DNA. It was ridiculously easy. Like, what was even going on back then? What was a murder investigation like in 1935?? One cop would just walk in and be like, [speaks sharply with an old-timey accent] Detective! [points over his shoulder with his thumb] We found a pool of the killers blood in that hallway! and he would just be like [low voice] Hmmm… gross! [audience laughter] Mop it up. Now then, back to my hunch… [holds chin with hand and looks around the floor] Hmmmmmm…. Look for clues. [stands up straight and looks into the audience with a confident expression and speaks with purpose] Ill tell you what well do! [chuckles] Well draw chalk around the body is. That way, [narrows eyes and looks side to side and speaks with a suspicious tone] well know where it was… [audience laughs] A couple years ago, I saw this movie called Public Enemies with Johnny Depp, it was about old bank robbers and stuff. Heres how easy it was to get away with bank robbery back in the 30s. As long as you werent still there when the police arrived, you had a 99% chance of getting away with it. To the point that, like, those old bank robbers, they take credit for the bank robberies! Like, they come running out of there and theyre like [jumps up and squats while pretending to hold a gun, speaking in an old-timey accent] Ha ha ha! And if anyone asks, you tell em it was Golden Joe and the Suggins Gang! [pantomimes shooting to the side with his imaginary gun] And then they like shoot Suggins into the side of the wall. Its like, what, were bullets free back then? And they dont even disguise themselves! [stands on tiptoes for emphasis] They dress up for the bank robbery. Theyre rolling in there in, like, [walks a few steps with swagger] big suits and hats like theyre going to church in Atlanta. They make a day of it! [audience laughter and applause] [John walks around for a while, steps over his microphone cord and looks into a camera] [mumbles to the crowd while gesturing to the camera] I dont know about that. [camera moves side to side] [John laughs nervously] Oh ho ho! Oh good, it has a mind of its own. [camera moves up and down] [audience laughs] Thats very reassuring. No, no no no… [John walks away from the camera] I dont like robots… [waggles finger by his head] thinking of things. [audience laughs, and John paces for a moment] [looks himself over] Hope you dont mind that I dressed up. It was my first communion today so I decided to come right from it. [audience laughs] I was a very good first communicant. Thank you for coming to this show by the way, I really do appreciate you coming to a thing because you didnt have to, and its really easy not to go to things. [light audience laughter] It is so much easier not to do things than to do them, that you would do anything is totally remarkable. [audience laughs] Percentage-wise, it is 100% easier not to do things than to do them. [slowly turns head with excited expression] And so much fun not to do them! Especially when you are supposed to do them. In terms of, like, instant relief, cancelling plans is like heroin. [audience laughs] It is an amazing feeling. Such instant joy. Kids dont like that. Kids always wanna do stuff. Kids get angry, they go, [mockingly high and whiney voice] Aw, we didnt do anything ALL DAY. You ever ask an adult what they did over the weekend and they say they didnt do anything, their faces light up. Be like, Whatd you do this weekend? [puts hand on hip and looks down and speaks softly] I, um, I did nothing. [looks up with bright expression] I did nothing at all. [looks down] Did we do anything? [looks back up with epiphanic joy] No, I didnt do anything. [light audience laughter] People especially dont wanna do their jobs. Ive found that out recently too. I have a friend named Megan, shes an elementary school teacher and I was out with her one night and she was drinking like a monster. And I said to her, [holds out arm and looks to the side with a confused expression and an accusatory tone] Dont you have to do a shift at school tomorrow? And she went, [closes his eyes and slurs his words] Ahh, Ill just show a video. And I was like, [shocked but excited expression] Thats why teachers show videos? [audience laughs] She said this, she goes, [closes eyes and slurs] Yeah, I dont wanna work! And I was like, You know the kids dont wanna work either and she was like [closes eyes and slurs] Good! [pantomimes taking a shot] I, uh, really do — I was psyched to do it in New York. Uhh, Im really happy to live here and was glad that we could do it in New York City. And, uh, Im not sure how you all got here tonight, um, but I did wanna say this, Ive never been, uh, killed by hit men so I dont know what its like in the moments just before youre killed by hit men, but I bet its not unlike when youre on the subway and you realize that a mariachi band is about to start playing. [audience laughs] Just that brief moment where youre reading and youre like [looks up from imaginary book with a pleasant expression and tone] Oh, a guitar player. [looks down and then back up] Oh, another guitar player. [looks down and then back up] Oh, an accordion player — [expression changes to a cartoon-like dread and surprise and he speaks in dramaticised slow motion] OOOHH NNNOOOOO [audience applauds] [John begins imitating mariachi music] [sings with a slightly slurred and lower voice] ? This is the loudest thing in the world! [audience laughs] [low and almost mumbling] Uh, I was really excited a lot of people, uh, showed up. They told me that it was a big theater and I thought that no one would come. So thank you for coming. I wanted to, like, take ads out in the paper. Like, be — you know, do something to a tot so I get in the New York Post or something. [light audience laughter] Uhh, the New York Post is my favorite newspaper. I think its great, I read it every day. I like reading the New York Post because reading the New York Post is like talking to someone who heard the news, and now theyre trying to give you the gist. [audience laughter and applause] Its like, youd get the same amount of information if you grabbed someone on the street and you were like, [pantomimes grabbing someone by the shoulders and shaking them violently, yells shrilly] WHAT HAPPENED TODAY? and theyre like, [throws arms out with a shocked expression and speaks in a low voice with a New York accent] Theres a perv in Queens! Youd be like, [pantomimes tipping a hat] All right, thank you. [audience laughs] Or rather, its like someone read a better newspaper and now theyre trying to text you everything they can remember. [moves thumb to pantomime texting] [audience laughs and John chuckles] Doesnt have to be right, just has to be short. I really do love the Post, I read it a lot and theres a hierarchy in the New York Post. Uh, different people that they like [gestures hand up at head level] and different people that they dont like. [gestures hand down at waist level] Uh, and if you pay attention, [moves hand down from head to waist level in segments] you can start to identify some of the rankings that they have. Um, the number one thing that you can be [holds hand up and head level] in the eyes of the New York Post is an angel. An angel is a child who has died. That is the best thing that you can be in the eyes of the New York Post. The less amount of time you live, the better… in the eyes of the Post. After that, [moves hand slightly lower] under an angel is a hero. [lowers arm to his side] A hero is any man who does his job. [audience laughs] Youll a lot of times see headlines that are like, [announcer voice] Hero Tutor Teaches After School, and youre like [shrugs and uses a low voice] Yeah. [shrugs] [audience laughs] [holds up hand at chest level] Down towards the bottom of the spectrum, there are pervs. Pervs touch tots, [moves hand slightly higher] tots are angels who havent died yet. [audience laughs] [points behind him] There are no children in the eyes of the New York Post. [chuckles] Youre either a tot [points next to him at shoulder level] or youre dead and youre an angel. [points next to him at head level] [turns on his heels toward audience and holds up a finger] I did leave one out, sorry. [turns back towards his imaginary chart and gestures from chest level to slightly higher] Above perv is a bozo. [audience laughs] A bozo is any man who cheats on his wife. [bobbles head and speaks out the corner of his mouth with an old-timey accent] That guys a bozo! [audience laughs] I remember seeing a headline when Tiger Woods cheated on his wife and it says [mocking announcer voice] Tiger says hes sorry, but Elin says [turns sharply and speaks with emphasis] Beat it, bozo! [audience laughs] No, she did not. [audience laughter] She is from another country. And even if she was from this country, no one has said bozo in 1,000 years. Who was your source on that, New York Post? Some tiny old lady that chain smokes all day long? They met her in a parking garage and they were like [squats down and speaks with excitement] Madge, give us the scoop! What did Elin say to Tiger? [turns and squats lower, pantomiming smoking a cigarette while squinting and speaking in a low gravelly voice] Eh, she told him to beat it, bozo. [audience laughs and John straightens himself up] Im feeling good tonight though, I got a massage recently. Went to a spa to get a massage, [chuckles] I went into the room to get the massage and the woman there told me to undress to my comfort level. Those were her words, she said, [bends over slightly and speaks in a gentle feminine voice while doing a calm down motion with his hand] Im gonna leave the room, you undress to your comfort level. [quickly straightens up and turns] So I put on a sweater and a pair of corduroy pants, and I felt safe. [light audience laughter] Im trying to, in general, take better care of myself. Im trying to stop smoking, Ive smoked since I was 13 years old. I started when I was 13 years old cause I stole 2 cigarettes [holds up two fingers] from my older sister and I hid them in a shoebox under my bed with a copy of Cosmopolitan Magazine. [light audience laughter] And one day, my mom cleaned under my bed, and she [hushed voice] found the shoebox. I came home from school and my mom was standing there holding it and she said, [pantomimes holding a box and stares forward with an accusatory look and speaks with a loud sharp voice] Hey mister! I found your treasure! [audience laughs] [waggles his finger] And I never liked the way she phrased that, you know, cause that made me sound like the worlds lamest pirate. Like, a guy whose treasure chest is two cigarettes and a womans magazine. [audience laughs] And my dad came home from work, and my mom told my dad that she had cleaned under my bed and found a shoebox with two cigarettes and a Cosmopolitan to which prompted my dad to ask, [low deadpan voice] How does John know how to make a cosmopolitan? [audience laughs] Im trying to eat better. I was out to lunch with a friend and I got a chicken sandwich and the waitress said to me, [light casual voice] Oh, youre getting a chicken sandwich! Well that comes with a choice of either salad or fries. Those were the choices — salad or fries, the two most different foods in the universe. [light audience laughter] Thats like saying, What kinda day do you wanna have? [raises arm to side] Do you wanna be active and go to the bathroom and stuff, or [gestures to the ground] do you wanna lay on the floor moaning? [audience laughs] [mockingly casually] Oh, youre getting a chicken sandwich? Well with that, you can either [gestures fingers as though counting] go for a jog or smoke crack cocaine. [audience laughs lightly] [mockingly light and slightly feminine] Oh, huh, well… [moves hand in circular motion to gesture to imaginary table] if I get a plate of crack for the table, [outstretches hand to imaginary person] would you have some? Youd have crack if I got a plate of crack? Yeah, okay, yeah well take an order of crack. [light audience laughter] [suddenly turns and speaks with purpose] Sometimes when people order fries, [playfully] they act like its a little adventure. Theyll be like, [turns to side and speaks in a feminine voice] Should we get a plate of fries for the table? [looks side to side] Should we do it? Should we-should we share some fries? [nods] [returns to normal demeanor and turns toward audience] They gotta make sure that everyones onboard with it, its like [outstretches arm to gesture to imaginary table and returns to feminine voice] If I get fries, youll have a couple, right? If I get fries for the table, youll have — [bats hand at imaginary person and speaks playfully] I know youll have fries if I get fries — should we do it? Yeah, lets be bad! Cmon, lets do it, all right, [looks up and behind as though speaking to a waiter, speaks with confidence] were gonna take a plate of fries! [return to usual demanor] Its like a group of couples agreeing to do ecstasy together. [audience laughter] I have a girlfriend now, uh, myself, which is weird because Im probably gay based on the way I act and behave and… [audience laughs] have walked and talked for 28 years. [light audience laughter] [shrugs] I think I was supposed to be gay. I think, like, in Heaven they built, like, three quarters of a gay person and then they forgot to flip the final switch, and they just [gestures pushing something] sent me out and it was like, [turns to one side] You marked that one gay, right? and it was like, [turns to other side with shocked low voice] Oh no! Was I supposed to? [audience laughs] and they were like, [slightly lower and frazzled voice, looking side to side] Oh man, well thisll be a very interesting person. [audience laughs] [lighthearted playful voice] Thisll be a very silly person. [audience laughter] I was definitely gay when I was a little boy. [light audience laughter] A lot of little boys are gay. You know, theyre very [sways arms and legs] flowy and they have [chops air with hand] very hard opinions on things. [audience laughs] I dont mean that I was a sexually active gay man when I was a little boy, thats not what I mean. When I was a little boy, I was more like a 67-year-old gay man [slowly and gently tosses hand in front of him] thats kind of over it sexually, you know. I was just like an old queen, I would just come out of the recess yard and be like, [closes eyes and dramatically sweeps arm to the side, speaking in a high slightly drawled voice] Everyone get outta my way, [audience laughs] I just wanna sit here and feed my birds. [audience laughter] The gym teacher would tell me to play kickball and Id be like, [narrows eyes and speaks with a slight drawl] You want me to do whaaaat? [turns head and chuckles] [audience laughs] Real quick, this happened pretty recently, I was in a restaurant near here in the West Village and I was at the urinal [gestures in front of him as though there were a urinal] and an old gay man came in the bathroom with a walker like this [squats slightly and pretends to have a walker] and he said this to me, he went, [closes eyes and leans back slightly, speaking in a high voice with a New York accent] Im either having a drink or I have to pee, youre livin the golden years, kid, not me, [stands up straight with amazed expression] like, he spoke in rhymes, it was crazy. [audience laughs] It was such a weird interaction that I wasnt sure if it actually happened. I came out of the bathroom and I asked my girlfriend, I was like, [points behind him with a confused expression] Did you see, like, an old man follow me in the bathroom? and she was like [looks down slightly and speaks with a slightly higher voice] John, [looks up and turns head suddenly] that bathrooms been closed for forty years! [audience laughs] [John shakes head up and down to make his voice fluctuate] Whooooooaaaa!!! Whoooooooaaaaaa!!!! [audience laughter] Where was I? Im not gay, but I might be, and I have a girlfriend, aaand shes a female person. [chuckles] [audience laughs] Its going very well, I love her very much, and so a few months ago she was like, [moves hand in a circular motion and speaks deadpan] Okay, its going well, so now I should meet your parents. Because that what people do when a relationship is going well. They meet each others parents, and Ive never understood that. Ive never been with my girlfriend and thought like, [slow suggestive voice] Oh, honey, tonight is going great, but do you know what would make it perfect? [audience laughs] Charles and Ellen Mulaney. [audience laughter] Come on! [chuckles] Lets get them in the mix. Weve been going pretty hot and heavy lately, I think its time we bring in two older Catholic people. [audience laughs] My girlfriends a female and I had all these friends that were female. So when I started dating her I was like oh great, theyll all get along… no. Not even a little at the beginning. I dont want to make any generalizations about women because I dont know shit about women, but if there is one thing Ive learned in my personal experience is that I think women can be friends with each other, (In a hesitant tone) but I think it can be tricky sometimes when you force women to hang out with each other. I think that sometimes doesnt work. Like, I dont think that you could ever put together a heist with women. Does that make sense? Oceans eleven with women would never work! Cause two would keep breaking off and start talking shit about the other nine. Or not even talk shit, just say weird passive aggressive things while they break into the casino.(Pretending to break into a safe with a stethoscope) Just be like: aww, I love how you just wear anything. (Audience Chuckles) My girlfriend is wonderful though. I listen to everything my girlfriend says. I dont mean she bosses me around, I just listen to everything she says because before I had a girlfriend, I never had someone whose always standing next to me (Steps to the side and acts as if someone is currently standing next to him) who can just point out obvious things that are happening. Like well be in a restaurant and my girlfriend will be like: you ordered your food an hour ago. It should be here by now and Im like yeahhh it should! Its like having a lawyer for everyday life. Shell be like: the bus driver shouldnt talk to you in that way and Im like: no he shouldnt! (As he waves his arms around as if in confidence). Before I had a girlfriend, I had no standard of how I should be treated as a human being. You could do anything to me and I was just like a young Motown singer. I was like shiny and dumb and easy to trick. Im like (in a Motown/black accent): aww man, youre gonna give me a whole hundred dollas for all of my songs? Where do I sign Mr. Berry Gordy?And now when Im not with my girlfriend you can still do anything to me. I can tolerate any treatment. Like I try to travel alone sometimes you know and Ill put up with anything. Like ill book a ticket on some garbage airline. You know I dont want to name any actual airline so lets just make one up and so lets just call it delta airlines. So Ive got my ticket at Delta Airlines(Does air quotes) and I show up at the airport. Can I get on the plane now please (figuratively hands ticket to fake person)? And their like (In a maniacal irritated tone): NO! ITS BEEN DELAYED 9 HOURS! (Spits) and I go (Like a child) Okayyy and I go to the bathroom. Then I come out of the bathroom and I go(Like a child): any updates? and they go (In a maniacal irritated tone): yeah, we took off while you were in the bathroom. BECAUSE WE HATE YOU. Now take this meal voucher that doesnt work, GO! FETCH! (As if he pretends to throw a stick for a dog playing fetch). And I go (Like a child): Okayyyyy and I go over to the Wolfgang puck express and am like(Like a child): Can I have a sandwich please? and they go (In a maniacal irritated tone): NOOOOOOOOO! and I go(Like a child): Okayyyyyy and they go(Like a bully at school): Youre a little fat girl arent you? and I go(Like a child): noooo! Noooo! and they go (Like a bully): Say it! and I go (Like a child): Im a little fat girl. And then I go over to the Delta help desk, which is an oxymoron and I go(Like a child): Can I please go home on an airplane? and they go(In a maniacal irritated tone): Nooooo! In fact, were gonna frame you for murder! And youre gonna go to jail for 30 years! and I go(Like a child): Why are you doing this to me? and they go (In a maniacal irritated tone): Because were Delta Airlines: life is a fucking nightmare! But with my girlfriend she would be like: Lets see if Southwest has any flights? So its better… (Audience laughs and claps lightly) My girlfriend is a Jewish woman, which is I did on purpose. (Audience laughs) Uhhhh, that sounded creepy. I dont mean like: ahhh I got one!(Pretending to grab someone) I mean I… I… Im not Jewish, but Ive always liked Jewish people. I just like them a lot. And I really like dating Jewish women. Theyre great! Because I think what a lot of people have in relationships is communication cause guys dont know what women are thinking. And with Jewish women you dont have to guess what they are thinking. They will tell you. Yeah, this is going to get playfully anti-Semitic so just allow it to go there. Ill get in trouble, you wont. I really do mean this though I… I really admire that Jewish people, in my own personal experience, have, are very up front with their feelings. Theyre very… theyre very vocal about their thoughts and feelings and I just think thats really admirable. You know, Im Irish, and Irish people wont tell you a thing. Irish people keep it so bottled up you know? Like the thing with Irish people is: Ill just keep all my emotions right here(Points to heart) and then one day, Ill die. Like in Ireland its like(In Irish tone): oh your boy, he died. And its like(In Irish tone): Alright bury the boy, do it bury the boy. Burry the boyyyyy. (Audience laughs) Irish people dont want comfort. Look at a sweater made in Ireland. Its like a turtleneck made out of Brillo pads. I used to date gentile women and… (Pauses)… (Audience laughs)… I dated this girl she used to stare out the window all day long and Im like, whats wrong (In a sarcastic playful tone)? And shed be like: you wouldnt even understand if I told you. (In a pissed off tone) What the fuck am I supposed to do with that?!? (Audience laughs) My Jewish girlfriend and I dont have to guess whats wrong! She comes in the room and…(stutters) and then we can move on from there. Thats what I mean. Shes very focused. Shes very in the moment, you know. And thats a good thing in a significant other. Shes very present. Jews dont daydream, (In a playful tone) cause folks are after em and they gotta stay sharp, you know what I mean? They have to be there. They havent let their minds wander since Egypt. They just stay sharp. They go (frantically speaking and pointing): Whos that? Who are you? Whats that? Whats that over there? Dont do that! (Audience Laughs) Im Irish… I keep things very bottled up, and I dont drink. Which is not what youre supposed to do when youre Irish. I dont drink. I used to drink and then I drank too much and I had to stop. That surprises a lot of audiences because I dont look like someone who used to do anything. (Audience laughs, Mulaney imitates sitting in a chair eating) I look like I was just sitting in a room in a chair eating Saltines for like 28 years and then I walked right out here. But I did, I used to drink a lot and then I stopped. I dont know if anyone here is thinking about quitting drinking but you need to know 2 things if youre thinking of quitting drinking. The first is that when you stop drinking and you still go to parties where people are drinking, they will have no idea what to offer you. Like once people start drinking for the night, they forget everything that isnt alcohol. Like ill show up at a party and theyll be like: (acting as if to point) Hey everybody! Alright we got Coronas in the fridge and Oh! Hey! Mulaney! Would you like, like an old turnip we found in the cabinet? Would that be good for you? Would you like that? (His eyes are now wide open). I know you dont drink (winking, audience laughs). Or my girlfriend left a Nuva Ring in the fridge, would you want that? (winking) I know you dont drink! (Pauses) Also if you quit drinking youre about to lose the greatest excuse in your life, which is (As if talking to a girl):Im really sorry about last night. I was just too drunk… That is a get out of jail free card that you dont even realize youve had until you lose it. I cant say that anymore. I can never be like: Sorry about last night, I was just so drunk. Now I have to be like(As if to a girl again): Im really sorry about last night, its just that Im mean and loud, (pauses) it probably will happen again. (Audience laughs) Now I, myself — I quit drinking cause I used to drink too much and then I would black out and I would ruin parties… or so Im told. (Audience laughs) When you do that enough, you black out drinking and you do crazy things, you kind of become like Michael Jackson. Like any story anyone says about you might be true and (Acting mysterious) even you dont know by the end. I saw an interview with Michael Jackson before he died and they were like(Like a reporter): Is it true you bought the elephant mans bones? And he was like(Pretending to be Michael Jackson): I dont know! Ya know, cause how could he keep track of that? (Audience lightly laughs) So I would hear stories about myself. Heres a story I once heard about me. I guess I was 20 and I was at a party at someones house and I had blacked out drinking, and someone came out of one of the rooms at this party holding like an old antique bottle with some liquid in it, and they said, Hey, is this whiskey or perfume? And apparently I grabbed it, drank all of it (pretending to drink a bottle),  and said (pretending to throw the bottle behind his head): Its perfume. And it was. Another story I heard about myself — this one happened in high school. Uh, We had this teacher in high school whose kid went to our high school. His name was Mr. McNamara and his son Jake McNamara went to our high school. He was a sophomore when I was a senior. So he was two years behind me. And Mr. McNamara was an asshole. And one weekend, he and his wife decided to leave town, which you should never do IF YOURE AN ASSHOLE! (Audience laughs) And Jake McNamara decided to throw a party at the teachers house. (Sarcastic) Hooray! And everyone around town heard about it and we all got up individually and thought(Speaking maniacally), Okay, lets go over there and destroy the place. I walked into this party. Everyone I had even met was at this party, and everyone was drinking like it was the end of the world. (Audience laughs) People were drinking like it was the civil war and a doctor was coming to saw our legs off. (Audience laughs)It was totally unsupervised; we were like dogs without horses… we were running wild. I walked down (pauses) I walked down to the basement, they had a pool table in the basement. One dude took a running start and threw his body onto the pool table and broke it in half. Another kid found out which room was Mr. McNamaras and went upstairs and took a shit ON HIS COMPUTER! (Audience laughs) So the party was going great (sarcastically). Im standing in the basement, and Im holding a red cup youve seen in movies. And Im standing there and Im holding a red cup and Im starting to black out and I guess someone said like something something police. and in a brilliant moment of word association, I YELLED FUCK DA POLICE! FUCK DA POLICE! (In a drunken accent, Audience laughs). And everyone else joined in, 100… drunk… white… children yelling Fuck da police with the confidence of guys who have already been to jail and arent afraid of it anymore. (Audience Laughs)You know, like the: I served my nickel! You come and take me! confidence, but white children. (Audience laughs) The reason someone had said something something police was because the police were there. So a Chicago police officer walked down the stairs and got to the bottom in the basement and looked out over a sea of drunk toddlers YELLING: FUCK THE POLICE In his face. He was almost impressed. He was like [whispering] WOW. And then he leaned into his walkie-talkie and my friend john, who is now a father — this man now has a baby — (Imitating the action)he grabbed a 40, smashed it on the ground and yelled: SCATTER!! And everyone ran in a different direction. We all ran in different directions. It was like that scene in Ratatouille when the humans come in the kitchen and all the rats go in different ways. (Audience laughs as Mulaney acts frantic)We all ran in different directions, I ran into the laundry room and I jumped up on the washing machine and I crawled out through a window into the backyard and now Im running through the backyard and there was this big chain link fence and I thought Ive never climbed a fence that high before. And then I woke up at home (pauses, audience laughs). On Monday, I went to school, cause thats what we did back then. (Audience laughs) And Im walking into the school building and who do I see but Jake McNamara. And he says to me hey, were you at my party on Saturday? and I was like: No you know, like a liar (Maniacally, then pauses). And he said things really got out of hand: Someone broke the pool table, someone took a shit on my dads computer, But the worst thing he says — the worst thing is that someone stole these old antique photos of my grandmother and my parents are freaking out about it. and I had that thought that only blackout drunks and Steve Urkel can have (pauses, audience laughs and claps while he says): Did I do that? I figured no, I would never do that. I was never sure until two years later (audience in shock) … relax. Im playing video games with this kid named Alex that we also went to high school with. Two years later, weve graduated by now. Were playing video games for a couple hours, and then Alex says to me(in a hushed tone), Hey, come here. I want to show you something. And he takes me into his bedroom and then he takes me into a side room off of his bedroom. Never a good thing to have. (Laughing) (Mulaney is in a hushed voice even worse than before) And he shows me a tiny room that is covered wall to wall in stolen antique photos from different peoples parties over the years. (Audience laughs) And I said: Why? Why do you do this? and Alex said Cause its the one thing you cant replace. (Long pause, Audience is laughing hard now) Thats the end of that story but how fucked up is that? Thats crazy! (audience laughs more and claps) So I dont drink anymore… and its weird you know? I miss it sometimes because drinking can kind of calm your nerves and I live in New York now and sometimes you can see things that will make you anxious youll see troubling things out on the street. I was coming into my apartment building one night and I saw in front of my building a wheel chair, knocked in its side with no one in it. (audience laughs but almost in confusion) Thats a bad thing to see. Something happened there… you hope it was a miracle… but probably not… probably something worse. (audience laughs) And I dont like argument, some people like to argue, you know? They think its like an art. And I dont like it, I think its because really ordinary arguments can get really dramatic really quickly. Like I was talking to a friend recently, and I told him I didnt think I believed in the death penalty, and my friend said to me: oh, so youre telling me, that if you saw Hitler… walking down the street… you wouldnt kill him? (Audience chuckles) That wasnt what I was telling you, but alright, lets talk about this entirely new topic. What would I do if I saw (giggling) Adolph Hitler (acting out a walking motion) just walking down the street? Well first off I wanted to know what did my friend mean? Did he mean I see a guy in like the military outfit with the little moustache, cause then I would assume thats someone dressed up as Hitler. (Audience laughs) Im not gonna kill that guy. Im not gonna kill an actor and ruin Indiana Jones 5 just cause I dont understand costumes. Or does he mean Im walking down the street and I see like an old old man who I think might be Hitler based on my memory of what Hitler looks like. Im not gonna kill that guy either, because I am often wrong. Id murder him and people would be like: Woah! You just killed an old old man! (Acting it out) and Id be like: he looked like Hitler! and theyre like: Yeah, a little… (Audience laughs and claps) I have a lot of strange interactions on the street. Years ago, I was walking down the street and a homeless guy came up to me. And he walked up to me he pushed me like that (as he acts out a pushing motion), he pushed me in the chest. And then he said these things in this order. He pushed me and he said (in a strange accent): Excuse me, I am homeless, I am gay, I have aids, Im new in town. (Mulaney looks confused as the audience cracks up) Youre gonna close with New in town? that is not the most dramatic thing you just said. As they said in the movie Jerry McGuire: You had me at AIDS. Heres how I wouldve ordered those things, I wouldve said: Excuse me, Im new in town, and it gets worse. Didnt that guy practice his like pitch at all in the mirror that morning and just figure out what he was gonna say? Ya know in the morning ya know just be like (He then imitates what this gay man would be doing in the mirror): Alright now what am I gonna do today, what am I gonna do tonight? Imma walk up and say hello, no thats too subtle imam push him. Imma push him. And Im gonna say Im new in town, no no hold back hold back. Save it. Build to that. Im about to walk up to him, imma push him and go I HAVE AIDSSSS, no thats too strong… alright. (Cracking himself up as he does this) imam walk up to him, push him and start with the fact that I am homeless, as that is a given. Then for back story I will pepper in the fact that I am gay. (Audience laughs) Which I know its tough for gay youth on the street, but thats not like a reason for money. You cant be like, hey would you help me out Im very gay? (audience laughs) Like a few dollars… I always love how he phrased it by the way. He never mentioned living on the street, he said Im new in town, like it was intriguing. Like he wanted me to set him up with somebody. Like I have a friend whose like: Theres no single guys (guys in New York accent) left in Manhattan. And Im like: I know someone whose new in town. (Pretends to be his friend now)What are 3 other things about him? (Audience claps and cheers) Just too anxious for a lot of things, I get nervous all the time, not even about like major life things, just about like everyday situations. Like this is my regular speaking voice, but if Im in a pubic bathroom and someone knocks too suddenly on the door or stall door, I go into a whole different speaking voice. Which is Eh, someones in hereee. Someones in hereee. (In a strange almost British accent) so theyre gonna be like: I think there is a carnival barker in there. I think someones trying to drum up business for a carnival. I decided to do something about this anxiety recently. I decided I was gonna try and get a Xanax prescription. I dont know if anyone here has ever tried Xanax, but its fantastic (a few claps) very muted claps for Xanax. You dont really get woos, its more like yeahhhhhhhhhhhhh. I didnt know how to get a Xanax prescription though, drugs like that a tricky sometimes, but I talked to a friend of mine and he said oh yeah, I did this. He said that he had a regular doctors appointment and at the end of it he said to his doctor: Hey doctor, sometimes I get nervous on airplanes. And the doctor just wrote him a Xanax prescription. And Im like yeah, thats the type of lowbrow shit Im looking for. Ill take your advice, friend Ive never listened to before. (Audience laughs) So I go to a clinic, and I go in and Im just going to go in for you know a regular type of check up and at the end, Ill ask about Xanax. So I get to the front desk, and they have a why are you here sheet. And I wanna pick something that will get me out really quickly. And I look down and I see frequent urination. And I was like, perfect thatll be a super quick visit you know? Ill just be like hey, sometimes I pee a lot and the doctor would be like (Mulaney pretending to be the doctor): Me too, crazy right?!? And Ill be like: I get nervous on airplanes. (Audience laughs) So I checked off frequent urination and I sat down in the waiting area and I waited for 3 hours. I finally go back to the observation room and oh! In the observation room there was a male nurse standing there and he has a Batman sticker on his stethoscope, a Batman necklace and a Batman watch. He was kind of moving around the whole time, he was just like: (acting this out) alright! I am too blessed to be stressed! Lets do it! What are you allergic to, besides work? and then hed take something and throw it over his shoulder and be like: Beats working. And all of his jokes were anti work, which is not always what you want from a health care professional. (Audience laughs) The doctor comes in the room and the doctor looks at my chart and he says: Oh, youre here for frequent urination, how many times a day are you urinating? And I tried to think of a number that would warrant a doctor visit. So I said 11.(Audience is shocked)That was too many times to say. The doctor looked at me and said: Youre peeing 11 time a day? Then you may have something wrong with your prostate. So, what we need to do… Some of you are ahead of me (addressing audiences laughter). So I dont know exactly how he phrased it, but the gist of it was: Hey, if this visit was to continue, Im going to stick part of my hand up your ass. And I didnt know what to say. Cause I couldnt be like: No thats okay, I was lying. It was a lie… to get drugs. You know? Like a crime! (Audience laughs) So what I did was, I pulled down my pants, walked over to the observation table and I put my hand on the observation table like this (puts hand on stool) and by the way, part of me was like: Whatever… you know? You ever have those days where youre like: This might as well happen. (Pauses) Adult life is already so God damn weird. (Audience laughs) So Im bent over like this on the table, and the doctor comes up behind me and says  no no no, not on your hands, your elbows and he knocks me down like that (putting elbows on the stool now). And this is so much worse than this (gets back to his hands). I dont know why, I think its cause this has a little remaining dignity to it, you know what I mean? (Audience laughs) This is sort of like, go stick it in, I am an American. This is like youre leaning over the edge of a cruise ship and youre like: ahhh were approaching Martinique! he knocked me down to my elbows and then, he stuck his hand in. and you know how sometimes youre like, I bet I know what most things feel like ya know? You just think youll know? I did not know, what this was gonna feel like. And this was the actual sound I made, I went: ooooooohhhhhhhhhmmmmmmmm. (Audience laughs and claps) But I didnt say it, like it came from my vocal chords but it was totally involuntary. It was as if a ghost had been trapped in my belly and finally flew out towards the light. And then, when he pulled his hand out, we had gotten to know each other pretty well, so ill phrase this a delicately as a can. I didnt not realize than when the doctor pulls his hand out it feels like your shitting cause the only thing to come out of your butt before has been shit. (Audience laughs) So, he pulls his hand out and I thought I was shitting into his hand. So I yelled: IM SORRYY! This is a very routine procedure by the way for most doctors. And so far hes had to deal with OHHHHHMMMM and IM SORRYY! (Audience laughs) And he didnt even let me off the hook you know? He wasnt like: Oh dont worry, you didnt shit into my hand. He just threw his glove away and went(As if enraged)Ahhhwahhhahwa. And I was about to ask about Xanax but he was like: Alright your prostates fine but we still need to do a blood test. So I pulled up my pants and shuffled away, (Acting this out) feeling different. And he yells out into the hall, he goes: Hey! Were doing a blood test in here. Get in here! Batman dances back in and hes like: (pretending to dance) Alright, we gonna do a blood test. You look different, lets do it. The doctor left the room, so Im alone with Batman. I just need this blood test to be over. But first I had to tell Batman something, I was like Batman look, Im one of those people who, when you take blood from me, sometimes I can faint. And I was in the waiting area for 3 hours and I havent eaten anything all day and Im really worried Im gonna faint. And Batman said to me, and ill never forget it: pshh, youre not gonna faint! So, I stick my arm out, Batman puts the needle in my arm, and Im immediately on the ground. (Audience dies laughing) I wake up and I am covered in sweat lying on the observation table. I wake up, I open my eyes and I see Batmans face. Hes looking at me and he goes: you gotta go! and I go: Can I please talk to the doctor though for a sec because sometimes, I get nervous on airplanes. And Batman said: the doctors gone! so I got my stuff… and I left. The moral of the story is… that if youve been nervous your entire life, you should ask your doctor about Xanax because if you lie to him, he will stick his finger in your ass. And if you do suffer from frequent urination, keep it to yourself. I went to that clinic 2 years later for a different checkup and as I was leaving, who do I run into but Batman. And he smiled at me and he was wearing reading glasses to show that time had passed. Thanks very much for listening to me, my name is John Mulaney. You were really fun, thank you. (Walks around the auditorium as a joke, sits in a chair and applauds himself. Says thank you again, then leaves.) (The intro music for the 90s like sitcom plays again as the special ends and rolls its final credits) (End)

DONALD GLOVER@WEIRDO@2012@Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, gonna talk about a lot of stuff. My parents are gonna see it. Theyre the ones in the other car. My mom hasnt. Yeah. I want her to see what I do, you know? Yeah… but you know, if you gotta do that… You know, you cant live in fear. You see Im trying to make a turn, right? It doesnt matter. But you see Im making a turn. You gotta pull all the way up and fucking bother me. You could have just stopped back there. This assholes awesome. He sees Im making a left, so hes gonna pull up to make it hard for me. New York is the best. (Cheers and applause) Hey, guys. So cool. Thank you guys so much for coming, this is awesome. This is so great. How many of you guys know me from my show, Community? (Cheers and applause) Great. Just want to let you guys know, this is gonna be nothing like that. This is gonna be a lot grosser. I feel bad… I feel bad for a lot of people who come to the show, like, people bring their kids and stuff like that. Like, Oh, hes gonna do Troy and Abed! And Im just like, D!cks, d!cks, d!cks, d!cks, d!cks, d!cks! And theyre» Lets go! I mean, cause I did… I can be gross sometimes and I know its bad. I mean, cause I did a half-hour special for Comedy Central, and the way I got that half-hour special was I did an hour in New York. I did an hour on my own and Comedy Central was there, and they were like, We really liked your hour. I was like, Oh, thank you, man, that was really great. They were like, We would love to give you a half-hour. I was like, Great, I would love to do a half-hour. Theyre like, Great, but dont do any of the shit you did in that hour. It was disgusting, dont do it. Did you guys hear about that Spider-Man thing that happened with me? (Cheers and applause) Okay, for those of you who have a life, basically what happened was there was… They were talking about on this geek blog, about making Spider-Man, you know, theyre redoing it. So they said that maybe this new Spider-Man, since theyre making it so quickly after making these other Spider-Mans, maybe they should make it real different, you know, make it kind of, like, dark and edgy like The Dark Knight, and put it in modern-day times and stuff, and maybe… You know, Spider-Man maybe doesnt have to be white, maybe he can be black or Hispanic or something like that, and then somebody put a big picture of me in the comments and was like, Donald Glover can play Spider-Man, hes nerdy! And I was like, okay. And somebody sent that to me so I was like, Oh yeah, Ill put that up. So I put it up on my Twitter and I was like, Oh, Donald for Spider-Man, lets do this. You know, kind of a joke, but also, like, who doesnt want to be Spider-Man… Thatd be cool. And thats when the world went crazy. And half the world was like, Donald for Spider-Man! Were only gonna watch the next Spider-Man if Donald Glovers playing Peter Parker! And the other half was like, Hes black, kill him! Like, it was so fast. It was so fast. It was insane, like, you were either very hot or cold on the subject, and I didnt… I didnt say anything, I didnt do anything during that whole time, I just laid low, but I did read one comment that was like, Oh, were gonna make Spider-Man black now? Were just gonna make Spider-Man black now? Thats what were gonna do, were just gonna make Spider-Man black? Thats what were gonna do, were gonna make Spider-Man black now? Gonna make Spider-Man black? Well, why dont we just have Michael Cera play Shaft? And I didnt respond to any of the stuff I saw online, except for that one. I wrote back, Uh, dot, dot, dot, yes! That would be fucking amazing! Fucking Michael Cera playing Shaft. Id watch that movie every day… Id go broke. Id go broke, just like, yes, one more for Shaft, please. Like, Id be there every day. I mean, like, wouldnt that be awesome, to be watching the movie, just be like, Hey, Shaft, whats going on, baby? Oh, nothing. Lets find some hoes. Like, thatd be so awesome! Id watch that all the time. The thing that bothered me the most about that, the thing that really got under my skin, was that people kept bringing up Shaft. Like I care about Shaft. Like I must care… Hes black, he must love Shaft. Like I give a fuck about Shaft. Like, Im like, oh no, dont take our Shaft! Like, I dont care, I dont care about Shaft. Like, its just like… Like Shaft was the black Spider-Man or something like that. Its just like, oh yeah, white people, you guys get this dude who swings from building to building and saves people, and black people, you get this dude who slaps women sometimes. Enjoy! Like, what? No, thats not okay. Hes not even a superhero. Hes just a black guy. Hes just a black dude. You couldnt… Hes not a superhero. You couldnt have no Shaft ride at Universal Studios. You couldnt have, like… Yeah, what we do is, we put you in the car and then we set up like, five women mannequins, and then you hold your hand out and you just slap em all. Just slap em all. $5, please. Thats ridiculous. That really bothered me. Like, no one… Like, Shaft… I dont give a fuck about Shaft. I dont care about Shaft. The fact that they kept assuming that… Like I woke up every morning, like, in my Shaft pajamas, jumped out of bed, ran down the stairs, drank a cup of Shaft juice, turned on the Shaft television… I just realized Shaft juice sounds like semen. Dont wanna drink that. Thatd be gross. I just like… I was just doing some stuff with, like, music, and I just put out that EP, and I was like… (Cheers and applause) Thank you. And I was listening to it in my car, I picked up… Like, it was in the mixing, and I was like, oh, I want to see how it sounds in the car and I picked up a friend of mine, she got in. And she was like, Is this you? And I was like, Yeah. And she goes, You listen to your own music? I was like, Yeah, yeah, I listen to my own music. Like, being a… being an entertainer… Being an entertainer is the only job where you can enjoy your own stuff. Did you know that? Its the only job where you can enjoy your own shit. Like, if I made sandwiches for a living, like, if I made sandwiches for a living, like if I worked at Subway or something, I make sandwiches for a living, and then I go home and I make myself a sandwich, nobody in here is gonna be like, getting a little conceited, arent we? Like, no one cares, no one cares. Its also the only job where you have to keep proving you can do it. Like, you can… You have to keep like… Like, if you work at Staples, you dont have to be like, Oh yeah, I know how to move paper from here to here. Like, you dont have to do that every time you go in. As an actor, I have to prove I know how to act every time I have to audition and prove I know how to act like Im just gonna forget how to act one day. Like, I just wont know. Like, Ill come back from summer break, go to Community, and theyre gonna be like, Okay, and action! And Ill just be like… What are you doing? I dont know! Is this acting? Help, help! Its ridiculous. But like, I was talking about music. I like music a ton, but the problem is, is like, I like weird stuff. I like weird, crazy music, like, weird people making music, and we really dont have that anymore. Like, you know, we got Lady Gaga and stuff like that, but thats… I dont think thats really weird. I feel like thats planned, like, I dont… We need weird stuff. But as an adult, were not really allowed to be weird anymore. Like, the older you get, the less you can take weird stuff. Thats the truth. Like, you cant take weird stuff anymore. Like, as a kid, the idea of Santa Claus is really weird and fucked up. It really is, but youre… Like for some… Just like, Hey, theres this fat guy that comes in your house, eats all your food, and he leaves little gifts for you and while your parents are sleeping, he runs up the chimney. Youre like, He gives me gifts… cool. Youre just fine with it. Youre fine with that guy being in your house. As an adult, somebodys like, Hey man, Glee comes on at 9:00 instead of 8:00 tonight. Youre like, Fuck you, really? Whyd they change it? Whyd they change it? Cant take any change whatsoever. But thats basically what it is, is like, you know, Im 27, like, Im about to become who Im gonna be for the rest of my life. Like, basically, once you hit around your 30s, thats who youre gonna be for the rest of your life pretty much. Like, if youre conservative and youre around your 30s, youre probably gonna be conservative for the rest of your life. If youre like, liberal, and youre like, in your 30s, youre probably gonna be liberal for the rest of your life. You know, if youre a girl and you dont give blowjobs, curl up to your nine cats and your Twilight DVDs, cause youre gonna die alone. Youre gonna die alone. Sorry. I love that joke because guys are always like, Well put, Mr. Glover. But its true, like you cant take any… Like, as you get older, you cant take any weird stuff, thats just the truth. Like I know… That Lady Gaga! Kanye West tour. I was super stoked about that. That was gonna be so awesome and weird, its gonna be so crazy. I was having dreams about it, thats how much I was excited about it. I was having dreams about it. I was like, theres gonna be, like, two big pillars on stage, like, one big pillar here, like, Lady Gagas there and her hairs, like, blowing in the wind and shes playing the bass, like this, going… like a huge bass, but the bass isnt a bass, its just a huge tampon, shes playing a huge… Shes just plucking at a huge tampon. And at the end of it is Tony Danzas face. Hes just like… Hes just going, like, crazy on there. And then, like, theres another one, theres like, another huge pillar, and then, like, Kanye West is on it, hes playing a piano, but the pianos not a piano, its just a bear, its a live bear. For some reason, hes playing… And the bears not eating Kanye cause he has so much respect for him, hes just, like, looking at him. Hes just like, Oh, I want to eat you, but you made Graduation! You motherfucker! Hes like, mad. And then, like, in the audience, theres like, a big, clear beach ball that everybodys pushing and kicking around, and in the center of the big clear beach balls just this one lone baby, just like, one lone, naked baby, and hes not crying or anything, hes just confused and shit. Hes like, why did my parents put me in here? Im… I thought they loved me! And I was like, yes, thats worth $50. I wanna see that. And they canceled it. They got rid of it. They were like, its too weird, its gay, I dont get it, get rid of it. That hit home for someone. Its funny cause its true! Well, they got rid of it. They canceled it, and thats ridiculous. Thats crazy. Only adults would do that. Like, as a kid, we watched the weirdest stuff and nobody cared. Nobody… You guys remember Muppet Babies? (Cheers and applause) Let me refresh your memory what Muppet Babies is about. Muppet Babies is a show about a lady with no face who takes care of a frog, a pig, a dog that plays the piano, and an alien named Gonzo that fucks chickens. And adults were like, Yeah, watch it, I dont give a fuck. I got things to do, I gotta go. No one cared. You guys remember Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles? Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles? Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles sounds like a homeless persons fever dream. If you… If you were walking down the street and you saw a homeless person and they were like, Theyre all named after Renaissance artists and their fathers a big rat, youd be like, Get the fuck away from me, man! Im kind of obsessed with homeless people. I really am. Because, I dont know, we have a long history together. We do, we have a long history together. Like, when I first moved here, when I first moved here from Atlanta, like, the only thing I knew how to do to make money was to babysit, cause my parents, like, they ran a day care, we had a lot of foster kids, so the only thing I really knew how to do was take care of kids. So I had this job, I was supposed to pick up this kid and I was running late and I was leaving a message on the phone, and I was like, you know, talking, and I wasnt really paying attention to where I was going. And a homeless man… punched me in the face. And I think he was like, schizophrenic or something, cause he was like, Stop following me! And I was just like… Just ran away. So anyway, I go and pick up the kid, I pick him up, bring him home, make him dinner. His mom comes home, shes like, Hey. She goes in the back room, she comes back out and she goes, Hey, are you okay? And Im like, Yeah, Im fine, I kind of forgot… Shes like, Are you sure? And Im like, Yeah, whats wrong? And she plays me the voice message I left. And I didnt keep it, but I remember it very well, and it went a little something… It went like this. Boop. Hey, its Donald, I just wanted to let you know that Im running a little bit late picking up Ben, but I just wanted to let you know… (screaming) Whatd you do? Whatd you do? I gotta hide! (panting) Ill hide in this tree! Get away! Get away! Leave me alone! (sobbing) I want to die, I want to die. Thats pretty much how it sounded. So- (cheers and applause) Thanks. So Ive had a lot of run-ins with, you know, like, homeless people and stuff like that. And you know, I lived in Downtown LA, and Downtown LA is kind of like the 80s decided to stay there. Theyre like, oh, yeah, you guys go ahead and be the 90s, go enjoy Ace of Base. Well be here, practicing the Moonwalk and selling crack. Like, thats everything in Downtown LA. And I… You know, Im hanging out in Downtown LA and I would always have… You know, I would have, like, parties or something or watch movies and stuff like that and Id have girls over and Id always had to walk them back to their car. Like, they ask me, like, can you walk me back? And Im like, sure. And around the seventh time, I was like, wow, every girl who comes over asks me to walk them back to their car, like, no matter what time. And like, I realized, I was like, Oh, theyre afraid theyre gonna get attacked or raped or something, and I was like, oh, my God, like, thats ridiculous. Like, as a grown man, I never think of that, like, thats never in my head. Like, oh, will I get… Like, rape isnt right around the corner for me like it is for women, which is so messed up. Like if someone… Like, Im an adult male, Im a grown man. Like, if someone was gonna rape me, like, someones gonna attack me and rape me, like, they had to be, like… Like, real tricky about it, you know? Like, real tricky. Like, Id be, like, going in the movie theater, I got my popcorn, you know. About to go see, like, a movie with a bunch of explosions in it. Just like, Hey, whats going on? Sorry, man, sorry. Oh, sorry, man, sorry, just trying to get through. Its The Expendables. Sorry, excuse me, trying… Sorry, all right. Ah! And then I see, like… Then I see, like, a man dressed like a chair running away. Goddammit! What up, man? Nothing… I got raped again, man. Can you believe this? No, I dont want to watch Expendables anymore. I was hanging out in my neighborhood and this girl was jogging and we started talking about a rape that had happened in the neighborhood, and we were talking about… Oh, this is awful, this is so messed up. I cant believe this happened so close to us. And she goes, Yeah, well, if anybody ever tries to rape me, Im just gonna shit on em. Yes, I will. I have no problem. Uh… Two things, lady. Number one, hes a rapist. So his tolerance for gross stuff is probably pretty high. Its probably pretty high. Number two… you can shit on command? Like, you can just… You can just poop whenever you want to? Just be like… Hyah! Hes like, Oh God, no! Like… You can poop whenever you want? Like, you got… Youre a national treasure. Like, you can… You got more superpowers than Shaft if you can poop whenever you want. Thats amazing, okay? No, I cant poop whenever I want. Somebody can run down… down the stage right now and pull out a gun and be like, Shit yourself! Poop yourself right now! Id be like, Blow my head off. I cant do it, I cant do it, Im not… Me and my butt are, like, always on the third date, I feel like. I feel like, me, Im always like, come on, lets… hurry up, lets do this. And my butts always like, stop rushing me, when the time is right. Im not in love yet. That was me in a domestic dispute with my… with my butt. But with all this, like, crazy stuff going on, with like, you know, rapes and, like, earthquakes and all this… I know, I put, like, rapes and earthquakes in the same category. Like if my sister was like, I got raped yesterday, Id be like, Did you hear about that earthquake? It was like a 4.5. It wasnt huge, but it was big enough. Theyre not the same thing. But with all this crazy stuff going on, people feel like its the end of the world. Like, people just… People talk about… Like, people say this is the worst time. I was talking to my dad the other day and he was like, Oh man, things are so bad, man. Things are so bad out here, Im sorry, I just like… It feels like this is the worst time to be alive, man. This is the worst time to be alive. Im sorry, son. Its the worst time to be alive. And thats bullshit. Thats crap, that is total crap. This is the best time to be alive ever. This is the best time there has ever been to be human and alive. Thats the truth. (Cheers and applause) Its the absolute truth. Do you realize, like, just a couple hundred years ago, just a couple hundred years ago, people could come into your village, your community, whatever you want to call it, people could come in there, just a bunch of them, kill you, rape your wife, sell your kids into slavery and people would be like, Well, whatd you expect? Its nighttime. My hands were tied, the sun went down. You couldnt get away with that stuff now. Somebody would Twitter that shit, it would be everywhere. Be like, Someone killed my mom and sold me and my brother to Greece. W-T-F? It would be everywhere. People say the same stuff about rap music. People are just like, Oh, rap music now, oh, it sucks so bad. Rap music now sucks. Now, back in the day, that was the good rap music. That was where the good rap music was at. Im gonna walk around with my… Yeah, thats the good rap music. No, its not. Have you ever listened to rap back in the day? Its always some dude being like: Well I went to the hat store today And I bought myself a hat Ha-ha-ha-ha! Its like, nigga… nigga, I dont want to hear your hat stories. So lame. You know, I think people dont like rap nowadays cause they say it has, like a bad influence on kids, they have, like, a bad influence on kids. And I grew up with a bunch of kids, like, my mom ran a day care and we had foster kids and we had adopted kids. I know kids pretty well and Ive got to be honest, kids are pretty fucked up anyway. Theyre awful people. Theyre tiny, tiny little Hitlers, all of them. Theyre all awful. No, seriously. The thing that makes everybody in here a good person is empathy and sympathy. When you learn, like, Oh, Im not gonna punch that person, cause if he punched me, I wouldnt like that, so yeah. When you learn that, thats what makes you a good person. Kids dont have that yet, so theyre awful, awful people. Theyre terrible people, they dont have it yet, thats the honest-to-God… You ever see those kids in the supermarket? Theyre just walking around, theyre just like… Just screaming and their moms like, Zachary, Zachary, I mean it, Zachary. Zachary, Zach… Zachary, remember? Remember, Zachary? Remember the… dolphin. Remember, dolphin? Remember we made the secret word that means you need to behave? Dolphin is the word, I just said it, so you need to behave, you understand? You understand, huh? Okay-r. Like the kids gonna be like, Oh, youre right, we did agree upon that. Im gonna stop pissing in this Nutella jar and really… really start behaving. Hes three years old, he doesnt know. He… He cant even talk. He cant even talk, he doesnt speak English yet. If… Thats the thing, when theyre going, like… And theyre screaming and theyre spitting and theyre screaming at their mom, theyre not saying anything. Thats because they dont know words yet. If they could talk, theyd be cursing their mom out. They would. Theyd be like, Oh yeah, Mom, Im just gonna… Yeah, Im just gonna eat this cookie for dinner. Yeah, Im just gonna eat this cookie for dinner, its not a big deal, Im just gonna eat this… What are you doing? What are you doing? Oh, you fucking bitch! You knew I wanted that cookie for dinner and you put it somewhere I couldnt reach it. Youre dead, youre fucking dead. Im gonna tell Dad and hes gonna beat the living shit out of you. Dad, Dad? This cunt that you married put a cookie somewhere I couldnt reach it. Fucking kill her. Ill wait. Thats whats in a kids head. Kids are awful. Kids are awful people… You want to… You want to know a testament to how awful kids are, how terrible kids are? Um, I was walking down the street in LA, just walking down the street from a restaurant, from one of my favorite restaurants, and I had, like, a bag full of food, and its right across the street from a school. And I saw two kids fighting over a basketball. Theyre like… Fighting over it, Im just walking by. And one of em just goes, and just pulls it. And the other one goes, Thats why your moms in a fucking wheelchair! And I dropped my shit, I was like, Wha… Wha… What? You can say that? You can say those words in that order and you dont explode? Like, the people police dont come down from the sky, like, Oh, Im sorry, this persons a demon. I didnt even know… I dont know how… I dont know how he got out. Thats the most awful thing in the world. Nobody in this room could get away with that. If you went to work tomorrow and it was like, Hey man, Dave is being a real jerk today. Yeah, I know, whats going on? I dont know, but thats why his moms in a fucking wheelchair. All right, Ill see you later, Ill see you later. Basketball later? No, no basketball later. Im not playing with a monster. Tiny Hitlers. All awful. Seriously, thats why I wear condoms. Im not having a baby. Im not ready to have a baby. And I know a lot of people are just like, I wear condoms cause I dont want to get AIDS. But I gotta be honest, Im sorry, Id much rather have AIDS than a baby. Sorry, AIDS beats baby by this much. Seriously. People get all upset when they hear that. Think about it, theyre not that different, you guys. Theyre not that different at all. Theyre both expensive, you have them for the rest of your life, theyre constant reminders of the mistakes youve made, and once you have them, you pretty much can only date other people who have them. Whats the difference? Whats the difference? The only difference is, you cant go to jail by accidentally dropping AIDS. So AIDS wins by this much. Im serious, I mean, like, people… At least people, when you have AIDS, people are, like, aware of it and people want to help you. People feel sorry for you. Like, people want to help you out and make other people aware of that when you have AIDS. People dont give a shit when you have kids. No ones just like, Yeah, man, Im living with kids. Been kids-positive for about five years now. I lost a lot of my friends in the 80s to kids. Were doing a kids walk tomorrow and just… Im sorry, one of my kids coughed in my face, I have to leave, like, no… No one cares. And its weird… Like, I remember, heres… I was babysitting this kid once, this mean kid, and I remember the first time I saw him, I opened the door and there were tears streaming down his face, tears streaming down his face, but he wasnt crying. He wasnt crying. Just tears, he was giving me this mean mug, he was like… I was like, what the fuck is wrong with this kid? Whats going on with this kid? I found out later that his parents were very organic and they wouldnt let him have any sugar, they wouldnt let him have any candy. He would… The sweetest thing he was allowed was mints. He was just allowed to have mints. So he would steal mints by the handful. So his breath was so fresh… the vapors from his own mouth made his eyes water. Like, hed be like, Hello! And then like… Just, they would just bleed… It was crazy. I would take him to the park, right? Washington Square Park, and all the babysitters in New York for some reason are Trinidadian. Theyre all Trinidadian babysitters. And I would take him to the park and I was the only boy there, you know, I was hanging out. You know, they were cool. You know, wed trade jerk- chicken recipes and stuff. And he… he was just a mean-spirited kid, like, he kind Of… Like, he watched HBO just a little too early and was just kind of a mean kid in general, so he would just come through and just… He wanted to get to his slide, so he just pushed over this little girl, she fell over, and her Trinidadian babysitter comes over and goes, Hey! You leave that little girl alone. And he goes, Shut up. And she goes, Dont you talk to me like that, I am a grown-up, you will respect me. And he goes, Suck my d!ck! And the lady goes… I shit you not… The lady goes, Someone betta get this little niglet away from me. And I fell out because I have never heard the word niglet before! I never heard… My brain started… I was like, niglet, I havent heard that one! It was, like, insane. Like, the first thing that came to my head was, like, the name of a band or something, like, everybody give it up for Bobby Johnson and the Niglets! And like, three little kids in like, slim-fit suits come out. They sing, like, exclusively Hall & Oates songs. I was like, niglet! I was taking him home while its still in my head. I was like, niglet, like, is that like the black version of Piglet, like, Niglet? One of ems just like, Hey, Im Niglet! And like, Poohs at the door, hes like, Oh, come on, man, its 3:00 in the morning, you smell like malt liquor. Shut up, Im Niglet! Like… And like, I couldnt… I couldnt even get mad at the slur because theres just something about racism thats funny… when its tiny, you know? When its tiny, its just hilarious for some reason. Like, if a tiny Klansman ran onstage right now and was like, Get off stage, you nigger! Id be like, Look at the little guy! Pick him up, tickle him. Im gonna burn a cross on your lawn, like, Shut up, you little motherfucker. Get out of here! Aw, I mean it! Thatd be hilarious. Itd be like a messed-up Webster. Wed like, share a split-level house. Hes going up the stairs with his tiny cross. And hes like, Hey, Donald. Yeah? I hate you. I hate you too, tiny Klansman. I hate you too. Its funny how, like, the N-word still comes up in weird places. It does, like, its strange cause, like, it doesnt really affect me like Im sure it does like it used to. Like, I dont really think about it, it doesnt really come up and like, I dont really care about that shit, but it still comes up in weird places. Like, I like… Like, I write raps, so sometimes I will write them in my iPhone, so I was like, writing, you know, the N-word in my iPhone, N-I-G-G-A, I was writing the N-word. And my iPhone goes, Did you mean niggardly? And I was like, No, iPhone. I meant nigga. Write it. But then, like, two weeks later, I was writing jigga, which is the shortened form of Jay-Z, J-I-G-G-A, and my iPhone goes, Did you mean nigga? And I went, Whoa, iPhone! You do not get to say that. I like to… I like… You know. Ive said this in my raps before. I like to date the black girls of every culture, you know. Like Filipinos. Theyre like the black girls of Asians. Armenians, whos like the black girls of white girls. And I was dating this Armenian and… Someones racist. Armenians! Oh, God, but seriously, who were you dating? I was… No, I was dating this Armenian girl and we were making sex. I was having sex with her. I know, I wish I could start every sentence that way. Just like, I was having sex with this girl, and enjoy Black Swan. Oh, I liked that. I liked the part where he said he was having sex. But I was having sex with her and we were towards… towards the end, and she goes, Fuck me harder with that N-word d!ck. And I stop, look at her right in the eye… and I came harder than Ive ever come… before. It was so awesome, you guys, it was so great. Like, I was like, wha? Like, I couldnt believe it. Like, it was almost worth being black my entire life. It was so great. It was so great, I actually felt bad for white dudes, I felt bad. I was like, you guysll never have that! Youll never have that… what do you guys have? Cracker d!ck? Thats not… Thats not sexy at all. That sounds like a virus you pick up on a cruise ship. Like, yeah, youve got cracker d!ck. Yeah, just hold it together, I dont know. People always want to know who can say the N-word and who cant say the N-word. You know, like people always… You know, Ive got a lot of white friends. And theyre all just kind of like, Oh man, I wish I could say that stuff. It sounds so cool when you say it in rap songs. Like, I want to say that, it sounds cool. And Im just like, oh, it doesnt really, like, do anything… its not that great, you know? Like, it still comes up in weird places, like… You know, like that niglet joke? I told that joke in Alaska, and Alaska, for some reason, has a large deaf population. So they hired a woman to do sign language with me for that joke, and she comes up to me and she goes, Im sorry, but are there any terms or phrases in your act that dont exist in sign language that I have to make up on the spot? And I was like… Yeah. Niglet? And she goes, Oh. Theres already a term for niglet in sign language! They already have it! Deaf people have been saying niglet for years! For years! A nigga that is tiny, thats what that means! Was it… Why is this nigga? Why is this… This is… I feel like it should be… Or… Way, way before this. Ive done this walking down the street. Like, when my nose itches, Ive done that and I feel like deaf people were looking at me like, That motherfuckers racist. That guy hates his own people. But like I was saying, people always want to know who can say it and who cant and it doesnt help me, it doesnt help anyone. Like, it doesnt… Like, being black and being able to say, like, the N-word doesnt help at all, like, no ones ever… Im not gonna get a job off of it or anything like that. Its like, This dude is extremely qualified for this job… but this guy can say nigger whenever he wants. Which one do we choose? Like, no one cares. But there is one person in the entire world I know for a fact who can say the N-word, who isnt a minority. Theres one person, theres one dude. Theres one dude in the entire world who can say the N-word and hes not a minority, hes not black. And that one person in the entire world who can say the N-word is… Charlie Sheen. Why does Charlie Sheen get to say the N-word, Donald? I will tell you, audience. The reason Charlie Sheen gets to say the N-word is because Charlie Sheen, before all this crazy stuff happened two years ago, got in a fight on the phone with his ex-wife, Denise Richards, and just straight up called her a nigger. Just called her… Just called her the N-word, like literally. He was like, Listen here, you nigger! Like, really, really gave it to her, and Im sorry, give that man the NAACP Award. That is… Seriously, that is amazing, think about it. A white dude called a white woman a nigger. Straight up, he didnt say, like, I hope you get raped by… Or something like that. You know, he didnt Mel Gibson it, like, he just… totally just called her… Im sorry, and thats amazing, that really is an amazing thing, like, think about it. Like, see, black people use the N-word for everything. We use it for everything, like, mother, brother, sister, like, love, hate, we use it for everything. I called a seat belt a nigger earlier today. I called a seat belt the N-word. I was putting on the seat belt and I was like… nigga, if you dont… I called it… it just needs a little flavor, so I gave it the N-word. You never… Like, we use it for everything. You never see any other minority… You never see white people just using it, you never see that… Just using it for everything. Like, youll never go in Ikea and see, like, two white undergraduates from NYU just holding… just holding up, some, like rugs and being like, What do you think of this rug, Denise? I hate green. Oh, stop being a nigger, what do you think? Youll never see that. Youll never see that, and thats the problem, it has to become a bad word for everybody. I hate it when black leaders are just like, oh, were getting rid of it, everybodys got to stop saying it. No one… Like, rappers will still say it because you told them not to. Thats what makes them badasses. Like, you got… Everybodys got to start saying it. Everyone, like white people. Like, you guys have got to start saying the N-word. You guys gotta start saying it. We will lose some of you in the process. Not all of you will make it home. But youll be dying for a good cause, itll be great. I saw a lot of white people here just like, No, I would never… Uh-uh. Not me, I wont be doing that. I will never… I would never do that. And lets be honest. White people have been getting pretty bold with the N-word lately anyway. Like, seriously, I was at a Kanye West concert. I was at a Kanye concert the other day, right? I was at a Kanye concert and he was doing All the Lights, and you know how All the Lights starts. He does like three… three parts of a verse and then he gets to the end, and then he holds the mic out for the N-word part and everyone was like, nigger- Like, everyone, everyone. And I was in… I wasnt in Detroit, I wasnt in South Africa, I was in Texas, where they make white people. I was surrounded by white people and I was like, what the hell just happened? And they all looked at me like, what you gonna do? Its a Kanye concert, we outnumber you. I was like, okay. Im, like… I just got out of a relationship that was, like, pretty, like… Pretty hard. Like, I mean… Cause I was, like… Really, like, fell for this girl. And the thing is, like, well, I learned a lot, which is always good. Like, you want to learn from stuff like that and like, one thing I did learn… I guess the biggest thing I learned was, like, if… If a conversation starts with, What did you mean by that?, it is not gonna end with, Oh, now I know what you mean by that. Lets go to Game-Stop. Never happens. The thing is, is like dudes are pretty… Like, were pretty simple. Were dumb, but were simple. Like were very simple. Like every dude pretty much is like, oh, I woke up, now I want to eat, did I eat? Now I want to fuck, did I fuck? Time to sleep again. Thats pretty much all… Thats all dudes. Girls, theyre, like, individuals. Like, all of them very individual, very different, and sometimes they will want two opposing things at the same time, like two opposing things, which is crazy to me, like thats insane. Heres a perfect example, is Destinys Child. You guys remember Destinys Child? Destinys Child? Yeah, Destinys Child. Women love Destinys Child. And remember what their first big hit? Their first big hit? Bills, Bills, Bills. Remember that? Bills, Bills, Bills? Every girl in here is like, Yes, I do, I remember that. Totally do, because it was just like… Everybody was just like, can you be… can you be responsible? That was that whole song. Can you be responsible? Can you pay my bills? Can you be a man who provides for me? Can you be… can you be there? Are you responsible? Can you be there? And then we were like, yeah, sure, yeah. Dude, we can do that, we can totally do that. Not even a year later, they come out with another song called Soldier, all about dudes who smoke weed in the middle of the street and shit, with two pit bulls working out. It was like, hey, Destinys Child, make up your fucking mind, okay? The dude working out in the middle of the street is not the dude paying your bills. Ive never… Ive never been… Ive never seen a 245-pound, buff, like ripped dude wearing no shirt wearing a bandana and sunglasses, holding a briefcase at the bus stop, like, Im gonna be late for my data-input job at Google. Cause it doesnt exist. You cant have a thug and a working man. Theyre not the same. You cant have it, like, thats… I hate this Sex & the City guy that every girl is looking for where its just like, Oh, he makes chairs, but he also fixes babies. That doesnt exist. That dude doesnt exist, okay? Being a girl and wanting that type of dude is kind of like being a dude and being like, You know, I want a girl who will willingly do butt stuff. But I also want a girl who wasnt molested. Doesnt exist. Doesnt exist. No girl wants a penis in the butt. Sorry, guys- No girl wants a penis in the butt. Penises are gross. Thats why we talk about them all the time and hold em and stuff, cause we know theyre gross. Were trying to talk em up like a used-car salesman. Were trying to make em sound cool. Its kind of like your friend who bought a Zune when everybody else bought an iPod. He keeps talking about how awesome it is. Hes just like, oh, mine has bigger battery power and it picks up the radio. Its like, its still a Zune, nigga… nobody wants it. Put it away. Obama has it! Get out of here. Im sorry Im being so crazy. Its weird. I mean, like, I grew up with, a bunch of, like, kids, and thats basically how I learned all about, like, insane stuff, like all the crazy stuff we used to do, was like, thats how we did it, and you know, I want to make people happy. And its hard to find that balance sometimes, because like, I know Im gross. People laugh, but some people think its kind of gross, too. But I always try to make people happy. Like, when I was a kid, like, we had a bunch of kids come and we had my cousins coming over once, all… like eight cousins. Theyre all coming and I wanted to do something, like, special for them, I wanted to do something really cool, so I used my allowance money, which took me a long time to get. I had like… I get like a dollar or two dollars, like, a week, so I saved $20 and I went to the store and I bought all the stuff to make smores. And I was like, oh, Im gonna make smores with my cousins, its gonna be great. I was like, this is my money, I can do whatever I want with it. Im an independent woman. So, like, I buy all that stuff and then, I like, take it home and all my cousins are there and Im, like, handing out the stuff. But I bought two for me. Like, I was like, its my money, you know, its my money. Im gonna get two for me, Im the oldest, its my money. Im gonna get two smores for me, everybody else can get one. It was just like, okay, cool. I hand out the smore stuff, were all getting crazy and stuff, were really excited, and one of my cousins just looks at it, looks at me, and then he just goes… (squishing sound) Its not warmed up or anything, he just took all the ingredients and crushed them in his hand. He was just like… Just looking at it. All my other cousins were like, what the fuck is his problem? What is going on with him? Hes a weirdo. And hes just like… whatever, so we make our smores, theyre really good, were making all our smores on the stove and were just, like, oh, this is so good, mm, mm, mm. And hes just like… I broke it, my smore, I want a smore. And like, I was, like, You messed up, Im sorry, dude, I dont know what to do. You… I saw you do it. And my mom was like, Donald, give him the smore. And I was like, What? Shes like, Just give him the extra smore. Hes crying, give him the extra smore. And I was like, No! No, no, he cant have it, this is mine. Just like, Donald, dont be selfish, give him the smore. Im like, No! I was, like, crying. I was like, No, please! This is my smore, I did it with my own money! Shes like, Donald, youre being selfish, this is your cousin, be nice to him, give him the smore. And Im like… And I give him the smore and hes like… So, you know, Ive been getting a little more famous lately. You know, Im on TV and stuff like that, so a lot of relatives have been reaching out to me and stuff like that. So this cousin… I find him on Face… He contacts me on Facebook and hes like, Hey, man, whats going on? Im like, Oh, hey, hows it going? Its like, oh, we catch up, were going back and forth. Like, Oh, man, its so great. Oh cool, how you doing? I saw you on TV. Im like, Oh, thanks, man, thats really cool. Hes like, Man, youre doing big things, thats awesome, man, like, great. Thanks, man, hes like, Yeah. Im like. How are you? Hes like, Yeah, man, I… I got this girl pregnant, man. I dont… I dont know what to do. And the first thing that came to my head was… good. Im glad. Im glad youre in a dilemma. Cause you ate my smore. I hope he comes out and hes a giant smore and you crush him in your hand, because thats what you do to awesome stuff. Thats how fucked up I am. This guys having a serious dilemma, like a serious thing. This will… Its gonna change his life forever either way and Im like, good! That $2 smore. Yes, success, revenge! So ridiculous. I like… Cause, like… You know… Cause that stuff is important to you when youre a kid. That stuff is really important. Like, that was like the world to me as a kid. Like, we like… Cause kids love sugar. Like, my brother, Steven, loves sugar. He loves sugar. And I remember, like, we werent allowed to have any sugary cereals as a kid, we werent. We just werent allowed to have any sugary cereals. And, like, my mom would, like, get us… Like the two cereals we were allowed to have was Cheerios and Kix, and Cheerios is like cardboard doo-doo, and Kix is kind of like the handjob of cereals. Its like, a little sweet, its like… Its the handjob of cereals, cause its like, this is pretty good, but… you know what I really want. So, like, we would always go to the store and my mom… And my brother would be like, Mom, can we get Cocoa Puffs? I really want Cocoa Puffs! Can we get Cocoa Puffs? I want Cocoa Puffs! And my mom would be like, No, no, no, no, no, like, No, were not getting Cocoa Puffs, no sugar, no, no, no, no. And then one day my brother just snapped. He just snapped. He was just like, Mom, everyones eating it! My mom goes… grabs it and goes, Fine. Throws it in the cart and just walks away and me and my brother go, what? It was that easy? So we go home, we go home and were like skipping around, were like, yes, yes, yes! Were gonna get Cocoa Puffs, this is gonna be so awesome! Yes, yes, yes, yes! I cant wait. Oh, this is gonna be so great, we get to tell everybody at school we had Cocoa Puffs! And she… My mom was a Tupperware woman. And my mom goes over to the cabinet and does the most devious thing Ive ever seen anyone ever do. She takes a big Tupperware container meant for cereal, like, one of those big things that you pour and stuff, opens it up, takes a quarter of the Cocoa Puffs, like, just the top, like 1/4th of the Cocoa Puffs, pours it in there, like… Then takes a big ol box of Kix, pours like the whole thing on top of it, shakes it up. So like, the ratio is like, 13,000 Kix to one Cocoa Puff, like, it was like one spot of brown… It looked like a Kanye concert. Thats what it looked like. It looked like a Kanye concert. She takes the box and slides it across the table and was like, There you go. And my brothers just like… (crying) And continues to pour himself a bowl! You bitch! How could you ruin this? Like, crying. But he still ate it! Thats how much kids love sugar, thats how much my brother loves sugar. He was an addict. He could have been like, fuck this, I dont need this, whatever… He was like, No, no, I still want it! I still want it! Its just like, if you love pizza and then a dudes like, Hey, you like pizza? There you go! Youre not gonna be like, Oh, you asshole! You asshole! Dont eat the pizza! Dont eat it! Theres not people lined up around the block, just like a Dominos, like, Oh, come on, baby. I used to be a lawyer. Dont eat it. Like I said, like, I grew up with a lot of foster parents… foster kids and stuff like that. Like, I mean, like, my parents were my parents, I never had foster parents, but like, we had a lot of kids going through there. And thats how I learned about all the stuff in the world, like sex and all that crazy stuff, cause they would talk about this crazy stuff. Id be like, what? Like, I was so, like, sheltered. Like, my parents did a good job about that. Like, they did, like… And it would be weird, because I remember we would have kids coming in. And Dimarcos like my little brother, and hes adopted, but we had him since he was little, so hes like, my real brother, for all intents and purposes, like, he was there since he was a baby. So, like, I would mess with him like he was my little brother, like, Id be on the top bunk and hed be on the bottom bunk, Id be on the top and be like, Hey, Dimarco. Hed be like, What? Id be like, When you fall asleep, Im gonna piss in your mouth. stop! And my dad would be like, Quiet down in there! Im trying to masturbate in the den! You cant do that stuff to kids who have been in the system. You cant do that stuff to kids who have been in… like, in house after house, like, because theyve been in the system too long. Theyre too rough. Like, I tried to pull this stuff on this kid named, like, Teddy. I tried to pull it. You know, I was, like, on the top bunk and I was like, Hey, Teddy. And he was like, What? And I was like, When you fall asleep… … Im gonna pee in your mouth. And he was like, You piss in my mouth, Im gonna bite your d!ck off. And I was like, Good night! Like, terrified. Like, every Saturday morning, we would come down and we would, like, rule the whole house, cause there was, like, a bunch of us, not including my cousins that would come over sometimes, and some kids my mom would babysit. So theres like a bunch of us, theres eight of us just jumping around, banging around the walls, just like going crazy and my mom would be like, Get these kids out of here, theyre driving me nuts. And my… Where do you want to go? Where do you want to go on a Saturday morning more than anywhere else, where do you want to go? Where? Where? Park. Park, I heard park. Chuck E. Cheese makes me really sad. Someone had a stepdad. Yeah, Chuck E. Cheese, whatever. Im gonna go call your new mom. Oh, new mom hit a sore spot for a lot of people. No, but it was like… Yeah, you go to Toys R Us, guys. Toys R Us. Thats where you want to go. Toys R Us was the illest place on Earth. It was so dope. Like, Toys R Us was so dope, you didnt even need to go home with anything. That was how awesome it was. Sometimes you just want to hang out there, just look at all the new stuff, get on bikes, like, ride em in the aisles. And somebodyd be like, Hey, get off that, you cant do that! And youd be like, Oh, Im sorry. And as soon as they turn the corner, youd be like… Ahh, fuck you! Just run around, be awesome. But like, we would always ask to go to Toys R Us. Wed go, like, Dad, Dad, can we go to Toys R Us? We really want to go to Toys R Us. My dad would be like, You guys want to go to Toys R Us? Wed be like, Yeah, we really want to! Lets go to Toys R Us! Hed be like, Well, get in the van. Were like, Yes, were going to Toys R Us! Were going to Toys R Us, were going to Toys R Us. Toys R Us dance. We get in the van, were like all happy and stuff, like, yes, were going to Toys R Us, were going to Toys… Were going to Toys R Us! Toys R Us! Toys R Us! And we never went to Toys R Us. We never went to Toys R Us. We always went to fucking Auschwitz for kids, fucking Home Depot. Fucking worst… Worst place on Earth. Fucking hate Home Depot. I hate it. Its the worst place, cause thats where your childhood goes to die, it really is. Its where your childhood goes to die. The second… The one day you walk into a Home Depot and youre like, Oh, knobs, youre dead. Youre dead inside. Cause all of us have had that moment when were at Home Depot and was like, Oh, thats a cute little mailbox. Bury your dreams cause youre not a kid anymore. Youre dead. And we would always go in there and its the worst place as a kid, its the worst place ever, because you want to touch stuff, you want to hang out, and then, just a bunch of quiet adults looking around like, Oh, dont touch that, thats sharp. Hmm, I can make my house a mansion. No, you cant. You cant make your house a mansion with a bunch of 2 X 4s. Like, its not gonna do anything. So it was me, my brother and this new kid we had just gotten named Terry, and he was new, brand new. And we go in there, were like, Hey, come on, lets go. Hes like, What? And we go to the toilet section and we pretend to take shits. Like, that was a fun thing. Wed go to the toilet section and pretend to make poops. Like, wed go over to the toilet and be like… I ate a lot of beans, like, and that was, like, a fun thing. Ooh, I must have had a lot of fruit. Like, that was, like the fun… the fun thing to do. And Terry went over and took a real shit. And I remember it so vividly because he pulled down his pants. And I remember thinking… he doesnt have to do that. And he sat down and he just goes… And he gets up. And me and my brother look at each other. And no one in here knows fear until youve seen a dry turd in the middle of Home Depot… at 11:00 a.m. in the morning. People are eating waffles and jogging. People are like, Muah, I love you, honey, Im gonna go to work. And someone pooped in the middle of Home Depot. And I think my brother kind of lost it for a second. He kind of went crazy for one second, cause he was like… Im… Im… Im gonna try and flush it. I was like, What are you talking about? Theres no water! Were in the middle of Home Depot! Were right by a washing machine! And like… Were freaking out. Were dead, were dead, were gonna die. Were dead meat. Oh, my God, were gonna die, were dead meat. And then, like, I look over at Terry and Terrys freaking out, hes like, I dont wanna go back to the house. I dont want to go back to the other place. And I just grabbed him and I was like, Get it together, Terry! Get your shit together. We are no longer children. You took that away from us, man. You took that away from us. Get your shit together. So, were freaking out, like, what are we gonna do? And Im like, Okay, Im the oldest, Im the oldest. Okay, Im the oldest. So I run to the toilet-seat section, pick up a toilet-seat box, and just put it on top. Still in the box, just a box with a picture of a toilet seat on it, on top of a turd. And I look at my brothers and I was like, Lets just fade away, guys. Blood oath, right? Just fade away. And then for, like… like for five minutes. Like, my little brothers, like, they hid underneath some, like, 2 X 4s for, like five minutes, and like for ten minutes, I hid in, like, some rakes. Just be… super quiet. And for the next five minutes, we were the most well-behaved kids in Home Depot history. Like we were the most… Like kids are just going, I dont wanna be here. And we were like, Whats wrong with that kid? Need a back massage, Dad? And my Dad was like, Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Whats… Whats going on? And we, like, look at him and he goes, You want to go to Toys R Us. All right, well, you didnt have to work that hard, its okay. And he goes and me and my brother look at each other and… What the fuck? We… we gotta shit in stuff more often. We have to poop in stuff more often. But we look over at Terry and Terrys losing it, hes never lied like that before. So hes just standing there… He cant look at my dad, hes like, freaking out, shaking and stuff like that, Im like, Terry, were almost home-free. Just hold on, were almost there. Just hold on, were almost there. And thats when we hear it. Thats when we hear the loudest sound Ive ever heard in my entire life. And it was… Oh, my God! And it was the… oldest Asian woman Ive ever seen, just on the ground, like… Poop! Poop And she didnt know much English, but she knew poop, and she was screaming it. And the manager runs over, hes like, Whats… whats wrong? Whats going on? What what-J Oh, my God! Like, hes screaming. Someone pooped in the toilet! And then, like, adults run over there. Whats going on? Oh, my God, who did this? Everybodys screaming, crying and stuff like that. It was like the end of the movie Se7en and shit. Everybodys crying. Morgan Freeman was there, hes like, Oh, how can someone do this? Like, everyones going nuts. Ive never seen this many adults cry in my entire life. Never. And the thing that gave us away, the thing that gave us away was that everybody, everyone is running, everyone is screaming, everyones crying… and me and my brothers are like statue kids. Were just staring at my dad just like, maybe if we dont move and we dont breathe like normal kids do, hell know that everythings fine because we havent moved for 20 minutes. And he looks at us, looks at the poop, looks back at us and goes… Lets go. And we all ran out. You guys have been so awesome. Thank you guys so much, I really appreciate it. (Cheers and applause) Night.

AMY SCHUMER@MOSTLY SEX STUFF@2012@Fuck, yeah! This is such a big night for you. but Im celebrating. I finally just slept with my high-school crush. Right? Thank you. Thank you, but I swear, now he, like, expects me to go to his graduation. Like I know where Im gonna be in three years, right? Im like, Whoa! Slow it down. Fucking kids, right? Fucking small kids. You look, like, upset. Like, I dont fuck kids. Thats a joke. Like, I would never… I shouldnt say never. Thats like… you dont know… I feel like I just painted myself in a corner there. But… thats not a good way to start. This is a beautiful theater. I should be really grateful. I worked at a fish restaurant last week. Like, I did stand-up at a fish restaurant, just so you guys know. Thats not a joke. People were, like, eating mussels, and they were just like, Check. And I was like, Can you just let me try and pursue my dream? And this place is so beautiful. I should have started off with something other than kid fucking. You guys are right. Start over. Class it up. My moms a cunt. Hear me out. Go with me on this, you guys. I know, like, not everyones comfortable with that word. Half of you were like, Ugh, right? No, dont say that. And the other half of you were like, Oh, my God. What a coincidence. That cunt should meet my cunt mom. I just… I brought her to a soccer game cause I wanted her to see what boundaries looked like, you know? I was like, Look, stop wearing my clothes. Ugh. Shes always bragging about the dumbest stuff. The other day she was telling me, she was like, You know, I can still fit in my wedding dress, I was like, Oh, my God. Who cares? Right? I mean, it is weird that shes the same size now as she was when she was eight months pregnant, but I just… I dont think braggings cool. Are you okay? Youre, like, choking. No? Are you allergic to talent? Hi. Hi. Im just kidding. Are you okay, really? You need anything? Okay. Oh, God. I dont need another death under my belt. Speaking of me taking Plan B last week, I… I did. You know… you know what it is? There are some people here… its the morning-after pill. I take it the night before cause Im smart. But… some people like to… Im with you good people. I believe birth begins at conception. So I just, like, beat that shit. Plan Bizzle. Whos taken it? Whos taken it? Thank you. Oh, sorry, a room of heroes. Everyones like, Eh This place is old. Theres probably… youre probably being inseminated by the seats right now, lets be real. I did, I took it. Its over the… I went to my normal pharmacy. I walk in. The pharmacist is like, Hey, Ame. Im like, Please dont call me a nickname. Hes like, What do you want, Ambien? Im like, No, Im not addicted to that. You guys know that. I only take that when Im drinking. Theyre like, What do you want? I was like, Plan and they were like… they didnt even hide it. They were like, Ew, you whore. I was like, You cant… you cant say that. Theyre like, Youre gonna feel nauseous. I was like, Ugh. I took it, I felt fine. I went to yoga. Im like, Can these people tell Im, like, mid-aborsh right now? This is… This is not good. It was easy. They should call it Plan Thats how I used it. Its a great plan. Lets start with this one. I… I dont… I dont think thats, like, adorable that I just took Plan Im 31. Like, thats not cute at all. Thats cute when youre, like… youre, like, 21, right? You go, you sit on your moms bed, you cry, youre like, Oh, the condom broke. Im like, The what broke? What now? Whats this you speak of? I do, I still think Im 20. Its so gross. Like, every bar I go to, I show my I.D. Theyre like, No, thats okay. Like, Wow, theyre really relaxed here. I hope they dont get raided. This place, I dont know. But the girls I grew up with, theyre living normal adult lives, you know? So they call me now, and theyre like, Ame, Im pregnant. And I still react like, What are you gonna do? No… Im like, Ill drive you, I guess. Theyre like, No, youre gross, Im like, Oh, we keep them now. Keep them. Thats my favorite reality show. You know the show Teen Mom? Or if youre from the South, Mom. They dont wait, right? This is poor planning on my part. Im kind of dizzy. I donated blood today. Thats what I call getting an AIDS test. I know, that j… people, like, hate that joke if they have AIDS. So if you didnt laugh, get tested. Check it out. Check it out. You have it. You have it. Im a healer. I went through a breakup this year. I was dating this guy. I walked in on him masturbating. Yeah, hes like, Are you mad? Im like, No, but you seem to be. Holy shit. Im like, Does it owe you money? Why are you… Is that waterboarding? I dont feel safe. Me and this guy, we were so different. I knew we were… like, he was, like, really into family. You know, and I mentioned my mom. Like, hed never come on the road with me on the weekends cause he wanted to spend time with his wife. And I just… Im better. No, the truth is I thought he was gonna break up with me the whole time for the lamest reason… because I wouldnt swallow. But I have a nut allergy. Like, what did he expect? Im gonna risk my life… for his empty calories? No! Stop telling us its good for our skin. Fuck you guys. One girl was like, Oh, okay. Guys are so gross, right? Guys are gross. Youre gross, okay? Theyre so gross. I had sex with a guy recently, more semen than youve ever seen in your life. I was like, Did you just get out of jail? Whats… what is the meaning of this? Its a compliment. No, no. But thats what guys want cause theyre so gross. If it were up to them, wed all look like Carrie in the prom scene at the end, just, Ugh No girl wants that. We dont want that. Were lazier than you. If it were up to me, the cleanup would be me taking a Q-tip going, boop, asleep. Thats it. Instead I was like, Ive been slimed. I feel like a contestant on Double Dare right now. Let me just get this self-worth off me real quick. Thats why I dont like porn. Well, I like to watch porn. Like, what girls in here like porn? Thank you. I love it. All the… all the whores are in the front. This is the best. Girls in the back are, like, reading books. Theyre like, 50 shades of what? That reference will not be funny by the time this show comes out. People will be like, What a hack. Oh, God. More references about right now, how about Sandusky… no. Wasting everyones time in the editing room. So, yeah, I like porn. I like that casting director one, thats funny. He never finds the right girl. What do these girls have to do? I dont like to watch the end of porn. I dont like to watch the end of any porn, cause guess what happens at the end of the rainbow every time. Spoiler alert, he cums on her face. Oh! What an amazing choose-your-own adventure that always ends exactly the same. Theres never a twist, right? Hes never like… the guy is having sex with her, and he looks off camera in her backpack, hes like, Oh, are you reading that Nicholas Sparks book too? Oh, my God. What are the chances? Lets start a bed and breakfast together. No. He just cums on her head. We dont wanna see that. I dont want… cause we think about that girl. Like, that poor girl, and we know, as soon as the director yells cut, that shes just stumbling around like Helen Keller looking for a towel, just where… Did you guys go to lunch? This isnt cool. You promise this is good for my skin? Thats so funny. Am I the only person who ever walked in the audience during their special? Three little Asian chicks were just like… And thats not racist, thats just… Im just saying that thats how all Asian people walk. Just very creepy. I know Im in San Fran. I should watch my back. But… I think I could take those girls. That was funny. I was watching them. Like, every time I referenced semen, they were just like, Oh, no. Yes. Its not for shock value. This happens, right? Come on, you guys, weve all taken a load somewhere were not proud of. So… Like, my moms here. So the guy I was dating, he was, like, so lazy. He was one of those dudes, like, he wouldnt go down on me. I had to become a climber every time, you know? Head up there, just holding on to the headboard like a nosy neighbor peeking over the fence. I feel like Wilson from Home Improvement. Im like, Hey, Tool Man, whats… That was embarrassing up there. Thats the worst dismount in the biz. I dont care how you slice it. So Im, like, single now. Im dating. I suck at dating. I go outwith these guys. This guy wanted to go dancing the other night. Like, have you ever had a guy whos trying to date you be like, Lets dance? Its like, I dont know. Im like, Its… Im like, Look, I think you wanna go to the parade. And its also cause Im the worst dancer. I dance like your… like your aunt at a wedding. Like, every move I do, Im surprising myself. Im just like, Oh, wh… what? Whoa, whoa. Nobody saw it going this way. Everybody saw it going that way. Its so awful. So Im, like, dating now. Im, like, going on dates. Whenever I start seeing someone, Im, like, this alternate version of myself. Its just like… Im just, like, you know, trying to be super-cool new girl. Im like, Let me just sweep this crazy under the rug for a couple months. You dont need to… you dont need to see this till month three. I went on a date with a guy recently, and he was, like, really hot. So I was pretending to be a good person, you know? I was saying things like, I love kids, and Im not racist. Just vague lies. And you have to, like, pretend like you wanna use a condom. I like to say something fun when I bring it up, but honest. Ill be like, Youre gonna wanna wear this. Ive had a busy month. Its like a Petri dish right now. I dont know whats happening. People are so upset about my vagina right now. Theyre like, No! Here… but this guy, we went out, and he was like… you can tell when a guy dates a lot. He had, like, date questions. He was like, if you could have lunch with anybody, living or dead, who would it be? I thought about it. I answered honestly, I was like, Mark Twain. I think he was hilarious. And he goes, Pfft, Amy, its got to be somebody real. I was like, Oh, youre legit retarded. Thats so cute. Im gonna sleep with a retarded person. I did. So Ive been on the road a lot lately, and every town I go to, you have to do, like, local press, you know? The, like, Greenville Who Gives A Shit. Like, everybody has a paper. And they all ask the same questions every week. They ask me the same, exact question. Theyre just like, Whats the hardest part about being a female comedian? What is it? Whats the hardest part? And, like, what would you guess? Well, its the rape. The three Asian chicks just walked back in here, and I said that, and they went… No, but it is. Its all the rapings. No… but they ask… theyre just like… and I guess its a normal question, Is it harder for female comics? Is it harder? And its not. Like, they think we just get up here and just bleed all over the stage. Im just, Oh, my ovaries. How do I keep them in my body? Like, its totally not harder. Its harder to be a chick in general, for sure. That sucks. Thats not fun. Right? Right girls? No, it is. It sucks. Just in terms of laziness. Like, look at the guys youre here with tonight, okay? Some of them bangable, not all of them. Lets be real. Lets keep it honest, okay? But, like, what did you do to get ready, you know? Like, how long did it take you to get ready? You didnt get ready is the answer. Guys dont do shit. They put a shirt on, give themselves one of these in the mirror, theyre out. Theyre like, I did it, bro. I fucking did it. What did you do? Some guys take a little more time. I dated a guy from Philly for a while. Is anybody here from Philadelphia? Yeah? Okay, some sassy babes. No dudes, though. But tell me if Im right about this. Well, just agree, cause this is for my TV special. Like, those dudes will beat you to death with a sack of batteries, but they get their eyebrows waxed. You know the kind of guy Im talking about? I was at a Met game… thank you. And… it was Mets, Phillies, and Im sitting behind third base. And these huge Philly meatheads are heckling David Wright. Theyre like, You suck, Wright. Youre the worst. We hate you. And so I said, Youre very attractive! And the biggest one of them goes, True. But most guys dont do shit. Like, look at the shirts you guys are wearing. Every one of you that I can see, you could have worn that when you were a toddler on picture day. Every one. No difference. Check it out. But look at the beautiful girls youre with. Look at… its so much work for us. It takes me 90 minutes to look this mediocre. 90 minutes. Tonight it took eight hours, okay? I slept sitting up. I slept like this. Its so much work. Oh, were like clowns. We are circus freaks, women, we are. We… we put paint on our faces like warriors. Were… Im wearing stilts. We wear stilts. We wear heels all night. And we put a string in our buttholes, just… Ah… am I pretty? We wear jewelry, shiny shit… Look over here. Follow me to the altar. Ugh. It sucks. It sucks. I think as a woman as you get older, you get lazier just by looking around. No, I just… I work in Vegas a lot. That doesnt sound awesome. But I do stand-up in Vegas a lot, and I see these packs of young girls that still have the energy, you know? Just a pack of girls all wearing tube dresses, right? And just… the heels they cant handle. They have to hold each other and do, like, Wizard of Oz walk, chain gang kind of… They all look identical. It looks like a whore computer just shot out a prototype, and they just started walking. Tonight, tonights the night, you guys. I like seeing them at the end of the night, you know, like it didnt work out. Theyre carrying their heels. Theyre crying their makeup off. It looks like theyre melting. Why didnt anyone pick me? You have puke on your tube, Amber. Its all work. Its work having a vagina. Thats work. Guys dont think that its work, but it is. You think it just shows up like that to the event? It doesnt. Every night its like getting it ready for its first quinceañera, believe me. Gets an updo, it cries. Its a lot of work. It didnt used to be work. I know that from watching vintage porn. It was no work. Zero. I even… I remember my mom bottomless when I was a kid. And it was just… poof! It looked like the black smoke monster from Lost was just following her. Its like, Is Mom being swarmed by bees? What is… Is that a tumbleweed? Were not even in the West. And then something happened. I dont know. Like, 10, 15 years ago, all the dudes got together and had, like, a meeting. Like a fantasy football draft about our privates. They were like, We cant get in there. Its like Vietnam trying to… What do we do? And then they just came to us, and they were just like, Ladies, would you mind looking like babies again? And we were like… Like, what do you mean? Just clean up the sides a little bit or… The whole enchilada. And we were like, Yeah, thats not super weird. So now we go, we get it done. We have to go get it done. Ugh, yeah, like, that does… she… we go and get it done, guys. Like, it doesnt just happen. I dont care how cool your girl is. She doesnt have, like, alopecia of the crotch. It just falls out in the shape of your initials. Thats not what happens. Thats not how it goes down, no. We get it done. We have to go see a woman, usually from a third-world country. Its never from, like… like, its never me that comes and gets you from the waiting room. Like, Ill never be like, Hi, Im Ashley. Im here to take care of your pussy. Like, no. Pussy! No, its not… thats not how it goes. Like, the chick who does it to me in New York, I think shes from, like, the killing fields of Cambodia. Like, this poor woman… I can tell, like, she has seen some shit, you know? She has been through it, and she was, like, a doctor there. And now she does this, and she hates me. And she doesnt even hide it. I walk in, shes like, Ugh. Im like, Sorry. But she should, she should hate me because Im like… were the worst, white, entitled girls. I walk in chewing gum, Im on my phone. Im just like… Im like, Dont get any wax on my new UGGs. What? Shes like, My parents were murdered in front of me. Im like, Im on the phone. What? Its about True Blood. Give me one sec. She hates me, but she wins. Like, those chicks win every time, cause what they do, and I always forget this, they go… she goes and gets a mirror, and she shows it to me. She shows me my own vagina. And I have to act like Im not horrified. And Im horrified. Its the worst thing in the world. And what shes saying in that moment is, Are you happy now, you dumb bitch? You just paid me to assault you. And now you look like a toddler. Is that what… is that cool, yeah? And its not cool. Its the worst thing youll ever see in your life. Its red. It looks angry. It looks like an old man frowning. Just, No! Visit me! Birds! I dont know. Old people like birds, right? I dont know. Theyre always like, Oh, look, a bird. Ugh. Its so much work. I think guys have it easier. Im not sure. What do you guys think? Yeah, you do? Did you ever see an uncircumcised penis? You did? Did you know… did you know you were gonna see it? No, its always a fucking surprise party, right? Its a big… its him, right? Its him. Wait. Heres the funniest thing. Im sorry that everyone knows about your penis now. But heres the best part, hes wearing a shirt that says Browncoats. Now, if thats not funny… And thats what it looks like. It looks like your penis is wearing a little brown coat… if youve seen one. You just… nobody ever tells you, right? He didnt tell you. They dont tell you shit. Theyre just like, boom, reunited with Snuffleupagus, enjoy. Enjoy. You guys are so cute. Why dont they tell us? Tell… tell me. We have to become award-winning actresses. Like, Oh, no. Thats totally cool. Mom, can you come pick me up? I dont know. Its wearing, like, a hat or, like, a cape. Like, a brown coat type thing. Why dont they tell us? I would tell you if I had an extra flap over my clitoris. Id give you a heads-up. I would. Id be like, Youre gonna encounter a wizard. Keep going. Go. Take this compass. Id make it exciting, play the music from Zelda. Itd be great. Men dont care. They dont tell you. I hooked up with a guy one time that had no testicles. Count them, zero testicalo. You think he brought that up at dinner? Cause he didnt. I got to find out in real time. It was dark in the room. Let me paint the romantic picture here. And I went right to the spot I know them to always be, no GPS necessary. I picked up the main event and noth… I felt like a girl learning Braille. I just kept… And, like, we dont… like, girls dont care about your balls. Like, no one care… like, I would never call my sister the morning after and be like, Hey, okay. So, like, the sex was lame, but this guys balls… No. But when theyre not there, you miss em. Theyre like grandparents. Thank you. I like that thats the one that was too much for you guys. Youre like, Rape, AIDS, whatevs. Grandparents? Whoa! So, yeah, the way I saw an uncircumcised penis… I had met this guy at a bar. He was French. So I should have known, but I didnt know he was actually French. I thought we were both just, like, wasted and faking the accent, you know? I was like, Rosetta Stone! Cause I do, I can only drink beer and wine now cause I, like, my parents are… anybody have alcoholic parents? Anybody in here? Oh, no, everybody was raised awesomely? Like, my dad used to apologize to me for missing volleyball games that he was at. So, anyway, I meet this French guy and… cause I dont think thats a cute accent on dudes, right? The French accent. It just… it makes my vagina shut like a steel trap, Just pshh! I mean, thank God for that other hole, but… My butthole. Oh, you knew. Okay, you knew. So I went home with this French guy, cause he said something adorable like, I have an apartment. I was like, Oh. So we go… I go home with him, and were, like, making out. He was very sensual. Hes one of those dudes, like, he started to pick me up, and then he realized he was in over his head, and I got planted back down. Its hard to feel sexy when a dudes winded from trying to hoist you. His, like, legs are shaking. Hes, like, wiping sweat. Im like, Can you just put me… I tried to land cute like a gymnast. I was like… No, but I do… but I know I have a body type. Like, I know, like, Im not a twig. Like, if a cheerleading pyramids being made, I know Im a base. Like, I get right down… Im not like, Hoist me up on top like a star tonight, you guys. I wanna fly. Like, I know where I am. I know my body type the way guys hit on me at bars, like, when it happens. And its usually my idea. Im usually like, Hey. And theyre like, No, thanks. And Im like, Hey! And theyre like, Oh. But when I do get hit on… Like, this guy just came up to me, and he was from, like, Texas or somewhere Im not going. And… and he comes over, and hes like, Hey, I like you. Youre sturdy. Im like, Im sorry? Hes like, You look like you could take a punch. Im like, Oh. Oh, dont I feel like the belle of the ball. So Im making out with Frenchinator, and… he did… he put… he, like, gave up right away, cause hes French, I guess. And… Oh, my God. Thank you. So were making out, and… he… he pulled his dick out immediately. He must have been thinking like, Shes the one. And Im looking at it. Im just like, What… what is that? Are we having, like, a pillow fight? Whats… Why is the gnome from Travelocity in your underpants? But, like, you cant… guys are sensitive too. I couldnt do what I was, like, thinking, like… Aah! Like, run down the five stories of his walk-up. I had to be, like, a team player and be like, All right, here we go. Just, like, fighting through the skin trying to find his actual pe… I felt like a magician with the scarves, Im just… Waiting for a dove to hit me in the face. It sucks getting older as a chick. In your 20s, youre just like, Life is awesome. Everybody wants to fuck me, you guys! Then you turn 30, and youre like, You guys? Its like a bus that never comes. But as Im getting older, what Im doing now is Im just making sure Im the best-looking one of my friends. Its really easy. I cut certain people out of my life. And I now hand-select strangers off of Facebook and surround myself with real trolls and reptiles. You should see these monsters. I had a friend, Nikki, she kept losing weight. I took her out of my phone. Fuck her, Im sorry. But theres one chick Ive been friends with forever. Her name is Sabina. Like, shes gorgeous, and of course she is, with the name Sabina. Like, what a white, annoying name, right? You have to be so hot to pull off names like that, like Sabina, Priscilla. You cant have, like, a bum knee and a lazy eye and be like, Im Sabina. Its like, Nice try. Were gonna call you Bertha, bitch. But that was cute. That was cute. Guys go crazy over her. I never get hit on like that. The only time I get hit on is last call at the bar. Right? Thats when I shine, Im telling you. What a weird time of night, right? The lights go on. It just feels real rape-y all of a sudden. Post-apocalyptic. Something happens to the men. Theyre just like, I need a woman. Like, they all just start pacing like gorillas. Their eyes widen. It looks like they can only see by heat. Theyre like, What? Like Predator. I see some dude in a full blackout just walking at me, like a zombie just pointing at his own dick. Like, Here. Im like, Ill get us a cab. I know I make it sound like Im so slutty up here, but Im… Ive only been with four people, and that was a weird night. Thats my business. Oh, it doesnt matter what you do, ladies. Every guy is gonna leave you for an Asian woman, and you know that. Thats right, Im saying it in San Francisco, in the hotbed. In the hotbed. I get it. I cant compete with an Asian chick. I cant. Theyre better. Ive been thinking about this. I did the math. I know thats their thing, but I did it. Ive been thinking about it. I cant win. How can I compete with an Asian chick? Theyre smarter. They have naturally silky hair. This Jew denial took me, like, 40 minutes. They laugh like this cause they know men hate when women speak. Theyre better. Theyre just better. And how do they bring it on home for the win? Oh, the smallest vaginae in the game. I cant compete with that. What do I have? What am I… Ive got a B.A. in Theater and HPV. No ones buying my stock. I am plummeting. Im going to black guys. Thats what Im trying to do. Thats what Im doing, yeah. Ive… I cant believe Ive never done it. Im built for it. It seems weird I havent. Gotta go for the black guy. Have you ever… black guy? Yeah. Shes like, Yeah. Shes like, Yes, look at my shirt. You know I fuck black guys. How cute are you? Youre so cute. Youre hot. Im not gay. Ive caught a finger, but you get what Im saying. Black guys are the future. Some chicks are scared. You know what they say, Once you go black, your parents dont talk to you anymore. Something like that. I dont know. I dont know. Something, like, to that effect. But black guys… No, I want to do it. I almost did it last weekend. I was… like, after the show, I was standing out, and… and I was trying to sell my CDs, and people were like, No, thanks. And not even of my stand-up. Just, like, some shit I needed to get rid of, you know, like, the Forrest Gump soundtrack, just some Missy Misdemeanor Elliott. Im like, I dont need this. But, no, this dude comes up to me, this black guy, and he was into it, cause, come on. And… he walks over, and hes like, Im Derek. And I was like, Derek? Hes like, Derek. And he had on, like, a nice shirt, and he had, like, a job. And I was like, No, I want a brotha. If Im gonna do it, I wanna really do it, you know? Not Derek. I want him to, like, not even have a name, just like nicknames. Everyones like, Pookie! Hes like, Whats up? No job. We need, like, a ton of lube, but just, like, for his elbows. You know what Im talking about? Oh, that was insanely racist? Youre right. Youre right. I love joking about race. Its, like, my favorite. I was talking about this the other day. I was hanging outwith literally all my black friend. And… And… and I remember I was like, Tamambe, or whatever. Tapestry… its something wild, you know? Its something crazy. I mean, thats why they need Google in the delivery room, I think, right? Its everywhere else. Why not there, right? So when her mom was like, Im gonna name you Tamambo. Google would show up and say, Did you mean Jennifer? And her mom would be like, Yes, Google, I did mean Jennifer. Thank you. No, Tamambe. So Im hanging out with Tapioca and… Tempura or something, and what was she saying? She… she was like, Girl. Like, I wont do some racist impression, so dont worry. But she was like, Girl! I mean, we were, like, mid-double Dutch, and… And Im just like, Stop yelling. Were not at the movies. Thank you. Thank you. Im glad you guys laughed at that. That does not always work, Ill be honest with you. I mean, nothing works 100% of the time, right? Except Mexicans. Ive noticed… Thats the one? Boo! Right? Boo, Mexicans. I hear ya. You guys are preaching to the choir. So, ass play, you guys, what do you guys think? For or against? Every night? Okay. Ive dealt with two kinds of guys when it comes to my personal asshole. Theres the kind of guy that never acknowledges it, right? Like, the whole time youre together just never… which is awesome because who needs the extra maintenance? Can I get what-what, ladies? What-what! Thanks, sister friends. That guys awesome, right? You know what youre getting with that guy. And then theres the other kind of guy who goes for it immediately. Like, youre not even fully kissing yet, and hes trying to grab you like a bowling ball. Youre like, No! Hes like, You said you like Jeff Dunham. Youre like, No! You cant trust those guys, all right? So I was dating the first kind of guy, no ass play. Like, the sex was very vanilla. There was no funny business, no dirty talk. If I sent him a naughty photo, he would just write back, Thanks, like I sent him a fax he needed. Like I had forwarded him an e-vite. So we were together for, like, years, and one night, out of nowhere, were at dinner, and hes like, Id like to talk about something. Id like to talk about ass play. And Im like, Is that a Broadway show? That show sounds awesome. Lets go see that show. And hes like, No, ass play. And as Im asking him questions, I realize he hasnt thought it through at all. Cause I was just like, Do you mean on you or me? And he was like, Oh. I was like, Oh, Jesus, no. This is not a brainstorm sesh here. Your PowerPoint, buddy. So that night, I was like, Im gonna call him on his bluff. I dont usually joke around in the bedroom, but I was like, Fuck this guy. So… Im like, This J.V. player is gonna get it from me, so… So were, like, making out, and Im just like, Psst, where is all the ass play? And like a frightened child, he goes, Tonight? And Im like, Uh-huh. And he cant think… he goes, Well, did you shower? I said, Im not gonna answer that, cause Im not a homeless woman. Just some schizophrenic with a cart like, Wash me! So he cant think of any other way to stall, so this is what he does, okay? This is my asshole. This is his finger. He goes like this. And he holds it there, like he was checking it for a pulse. Like he thought a groundhog might pop out, and hed have to Whac-A-Mole it. And then I fist him like you wouldnt believe. Hes dead. Oh, God, you guys are awesome. I… seriously, sometimes that goes so awkward, and during a set, I just want to, like, tap out. Ive had this image. Not like a wrestling tap-out, but just sort of soft-shoe out of the room in an awkward situation. Like, why cant we do that? I was working at this club, and… I walked in the first night. And I realized at this club, there was a bathroom attendant. Have you ever been like, Oh, dope, a bathroom attendant works here. No, youre like, Ah, its awkward. They hate you. You hate… youre just like, Oh, please. Like, you know, its unnecessary. Are you ever peeing like, How am I gonna leave here without a Starburst? I dont like going without somebody listening. No. I go in the bathroom the first night, and the bathroom attendant stops me at the door. And shes like, Theyre all full right now, so youre gonna have to wait a minute. And Im like, Yeah, yeah, I know how bathrooms work. Like, if she hadnt said that, I was just gonna go rogue and start pounding on all the stalls, up and down with a shiv. No! Peeing in the sink. I do what I want, bathroom attendant! I come out. She hands me a paper towel. Thank you. If you hadnt saved me, I would have just bled and dripped like stigmata. Thank you. So unnecessary. So, the last night Im at this club, I go in the bathroom. Shes, like, facing the wall. So Im like, Oh, good. I go right in the stall. And Im not gonna say anything gross. But Im in there just dropping a ton of heat, Just… massacring this bowl. Just… Im texting people, like, Am I dying? Its like, Your sisters a nurse. Things like that. To a lot of my family, I just wrote, Good-bye. Like, whatever youre picturing, like, triple it. Im sorry. None of that happened. You guys, none of that happened. You two, you two, none of that happened. Hey, did you know theres a show? Come on, youre pretty. Just stop talking. No, I appreciate you supporting live comedy. No, none of that happened. I didnt really… you guys… oh, my God, you guys, then just… whats go… what are you guys talking about? Whats happening? Oh, you love me? Its… Its their anniversary. Oh, my God, do you remember that I dont care? No, Im just kidding. No, thats exciting. How many years? Im just kidding. I dont care. I dont care. No, I dont care. No, do you guys care? No? Okay, sorry. Sorry, nobody cares. Nobody cares. No, but seriously, thank you guys so much for coming. Nobody cares. Whats your name? Erin. That was a test. Nobody cares, Erin. You guys are so cute. Im sorry. Thank you for spending your anniversary with me. Mom, thank you. Im sorry you have to sit next to your daughter when Im talking about semen the whole time. Where do you stand on ass play, Mom? Youre good? Okay, you dont want her to know, but you cant get enough? Okay. You guys wont forget this anniversary. What am I… what am I talking about? Like, what was I talking about before I just talked to you guys? Does anybody remember? Shitting. I love you guys. I fucking love this crowd. The sweetest voice too. Shitting. Oh, God, I wish that happened. Like, I wish I was able to… to do that. But I did, I just… she was facing the wall, and Im like… I hear that shes crying, so Im like, Excuse me. Im about to wash my hands, so you… you better get fucking ready. No, shes crying. No, I was like, Well, whats wrong? Like, is it your choices? Like, whats… No, I asked her what was wrong, and she was like… she told me, she was like, My dog died. So I was like, Im so sorry. Ive been there. Im gonna go get us some shots. Were gonna get weird in here tonight, okay? You and me. And she goes, it just really doesnt feel like six years ago. What do you say? I just looked right at her and just… What do you do? I found the owner, I was like, Shes doing a ton of blow in there. You should get rid of her. I… Ive been really enjoying being on the road ever since the roast, because Ive been on the road, like, for years, but… but people had no idea who I was, so they would see a picture of me, and theyd be like, Oh, she looks sweet. She kind of looks, like, Amish, you know? Like… kind of Cabbage Patchy up top, right? We should bring the family. I bet she talks about, like, shopping. And then they get here, and Im like, My pussy… but its way better now, cause, like, a lot of people saw that roast, and they just are like, Oh, shes, like, a bad person. So that means you guys are dirtbags too, and I appreciate you coming out. You are bad people. Thank you, bad people. But Ive been really lucky. Like, my whole life, I found friends just like me. Like, at a young age, I found girls that were just like me. Like, we were all whores. You know? Just little drunks running around. But in every group of girlfriends, theres always, like, one thats the sluttiest, you know? If you dont have that friend, youre that friend. Lets be real. And it wasnt me in my group of friends. Shocker was my nickname. But, no, in my group of friends… in my… the sluttiest of us was this girl Katie. And… we didnt judge her for that. But she… she wouldnt own it. Like as soon as she would have a boyfriend, shed start acting like Mother Teresa, you know? Shed, like, walk different. She talked differently. Like, I remember one time she walked over with her new boyfriend, she was like, Adam and I are thrilled you could join us for brunch. I was like, Ive helped you get cum out of your hair. Remember, we tried using peanut butter cause were stupid, remember? We didnt talk about that at brunch with Adam. So she moved to Connecticut and, like, was getting married, and she had a wedding shower there. And I was the only friend from home that could go. So I met all of her new, fancy Connecticut friends. And, like, you know women like this. Like, these girls, they were all, like, very Stepford wife, you know? They all, like, wore, like, pastel cashmere cardigans and pearls and Burberry, like, tampons. And they all spoke like this, like almost in a whisper. Like, they all were… everybody just walked around whispering to each other. Like, Oh, I guess we were just born with different vocal cords cause I was raised better. Do you ski? So Im at this party, and Im, like, mainlining chardonnay, trying to remember fun. Just like, Why? So one of the girls was like, Lets play a game. And Im like, Suicide pact? Ill go first. This partys the worst. And she goes, No, lets all go around and admit something. And Im like, Oh, no. So these girls are going around. They are… the shit theyre admitting is so boring. I cant… like, one girl was like, Once, I forgot to let the dog out all day! And they were all like, No! Im like, Is this happening right now? So the girl that goes right before me, Bridget, the worst human Ive ever met. I hope she sees this. Thats how bad of a person she is. Like, Bridget, I hope youre watching this. But she wouldnt. She wouldnt be up this late. She spoke the softest. You had to, like, lean in and squint and read her lips, cause she just… Bridget talked like an angel was sleeping on her tongue. # No one wake the angel # On my tongue Thats not a real song, Comedy Central. So, anyway, shes like, All right, you guys, its my turn. Bring it in. And were like, Were in cause we have to be, cause you talk like Fievel. Use your diaphragm, Bridge. So shes like, Ill admit this. Sometimes after Richard falls asleep, I get up and eat ice cream. I just wanted to find one other pair of eyes being like, What a dumb cunt, right? But nothing. No one. Theyre all looking at her like, Bridget! You should be asleep. Bridget, its night. Carbs? Come on. So then its my turn, and… I dont look at my friend Katie. I just feel her just glaring at me, just like, Dont be yourself right now, bitch! This is my new life. And so Im like, Okay… first of all, Bridget, thank you for being so brave. Ill admit this. Its kind of like your ice cream thing. One time I let a cab driver finger me. And Katies like, Thats not how you play, Amy. Im like, Really? Cause I feel like I won. I feel… You guys, you were an amazing crowd. Thank you so much. I feel like this is what I would feel like, like, if I ever kept a baby. You know, like, this kind of joy. Thank you guys so much. Thank you. Fuck, thank you. Oh! I want to jerk you all off, even the girls. Even the girls. Guys, thank you. I really, really appreciate it. I know you guys are thinking like, What are you doing back out here? And some of you were just thinking like, Youre so pretty. Thank all of you. But I wanted to come out and just sort of, like, give you an opportunity if anybody wants to ask a question, like, now its the time. It doesnt have to be about my set. Yeah? Whats your name? And what… what actor are you? Im Cubed. What? My names Cubed. Cubed? Does anybody different have a question? With a name that makes sense? No, Im just kidding. What… what happened? Where… where are your parents from? What are you doing later? What am I doing later? Ooh, Cubed. Do you have HPV? Do you want it? I havent drank in two months, getting ready for this. So Im gonna, like, black out. If anybody wants to get down with me, like, sexually, tonight is not the night. But, yes, Im gonna tie one on. Anybody… yes, you, sir. Whats your name? – Rick. – Hi, Rick. I want to give you a standing I think we all should give you a standing ovation. This guys sad cause hes wasted. You dont have to… thank you. This is good for the camera. Wow. Thank you. Okay, okay. Thank you. That was… that was nice. A lot of people werent into it. Like, a lot of people got up and were just kind of, like… Our reservations were, like, ten minutes ago. Whens this bitch gonna wrap it up? Yes, you, gorgeous. Hi. Can I buy you a drink, possibly have a cocktail with you at some point? Ooh, this is awesome. You can definitely buy me a drink. I dont… Im not gay. I mean, Ive caught a finger. Im not boring. Trust me. But, yeah, I could totally see that happening. I dont think that would be weird at all. Your boyfriend doesnt seem too psyched, but hes all fired up about Pride. Oh, yes, you. Hi. So… who is your comedy mentor? My comedy mentor. Thats a good question. I hang out with mostly 45-year-old dudes. Thank you. Theyre all comedians. Theyre alcoholics. Like, they dont drink anymore cause they cant, you know? And it makes sense, because, like, they look at me, and theyre just like, Oh, my God. Like, they think Im so hot just cause Im not their wives. I walk in, theyre like… # Whos that girl? # Im like, What? But out, like, you know, in the streets, people are just throwing lit cigarettes at me. Theyre like, Ugh, pass. So, like, Dave Attell and Jim Norton. Right? And so… yeah, you gotta love those guys. Yeah… yes. – Of women… – Women. – Comics, who is your mentor? – Okay. Okay, well, Jessica Kirson was my mentor. Like, shes in New York, and shes amazing. And then… sort of where she left off, I just like… my mentor, like, those guys took me on the road to open for them a lot, so thats why. But I grew up loving Gilda and Goldie Hawn, and I love Margaret Cho, and Sarah… Palin. Im just kidding. You, sir. Whats your feeling on anal bleaching? Anal bleaching. Im glad somebody brought this up. Thats a great question. Okay, so heres how I feel about it. When I heard about it, I was just like, Ew, everybody, chill out. But then I looked at my own asshole, and I was like, Whoa! That looks like something out of the universe. Maybe we should hook that up. But I still havent done anything. But I keep a low pro, butt-wise. You… Im doing Gods work. I mean, am I healing people? Yes? Whats your favorite city? My favorite city? New York City… Yeah… Sorry, one girls like, Boo. I like Madison, Wisconsin. Nice. And I think Clevelands the worst. Yes, you, sir? Why is your sister here? Why is my sister here? You know what? I have no idea. I didnt fly her in. She showed up. She shows up wherever I am. My sister is here because… shes my best friend in the whole world, and I love her and trust her more than anyone. And I dedicate this show to her. And I want to thank my mom, whos not a cunt at all. My mom… please clap for my mom. Shes not a cunt. But her bush was huge when I was growing up. That was true. Okay, yeah? Do you have to pee as bad as I do? Oh, okay, she has to pee, and shes really pretty. So everyones, like, given her whatever she wants her whole life. I dont have to pee at all. Its pretty sweet. I feel, like, physically, real comfortable up here. I could hang out. If you dont mind, Im gonna do my 90-minute one-woman show now. Thank you. Thank you, Comedy Central, and thank you guys. Thank you. Oh, God, Dad died. When? I guess, like, today. Are you gonna talk about it onstage? Yeah. Yeah? You should open with it.

DOUG STANHOPE@BEFORE TURNING THE GUN ON HIMSELF@2012@To Salt Lake, and now please welcome Doug Stanhope. (audience cheers and applauds) Thank you! Thank you very much. Thanks. (man shouts in audience) Yeah, thanks. I just realized I didnt turn off my cell phone, so Im gonna just… Fuck it. Fuck it. Dont call me. Alright. I should have started stronger than this. Ever look in the mirror in the morning and think, that cant be accurate. Oh its–thats off by years, and pounds, and wrinkles, and is that metric? Send that to the front desk and get that recalibrated cause that is not–that doesnt even look like a head anymore. The fuck have I done to myself? (laughter) Im good at night, dont worry, Its just the mornings are fucking rougher. I dont do nearly as many drugs as I should, then I have the reputation for it, but Mitch Hedberg, you know Mitch Hedberg, right? (cheers and applause) He was a–he was a drug enthusiast. He was a drug connoisseur, and he died. Drugs killed him, but they didnt ruin his life by any stretch. He really enjoyed–he was good at–he wasnt someone who Faltered at it. He didnt wake up, and oh, shit. I should really work on myself, and I–I need to rethink this. That guy fucking loved doing drugs the entire time he was Alive, maybe up until that last minute where he went– (gasps) That might have not been as much Fun, but still. And now his family, his Beautiful, beautiful family, and Mary and arne, and if you ever see this, dont take it personal, but his family set up A Mitch Hedberg charity. Its a Mitch Hedberg golf tournament to go to support a rehabilitation facility. They took everything that he was about, turned it on its ass. He hated sports. He loved drugs. And you have a fucking charity, sponsoring. Its like if the guy who died on the luge in the Olympics had his family come out and have a charity pie-eating contest to keep kids out of sports. Stay on the couch, you get fat, kids. It was just everything he was against for everything he loved, and they did that because I guess it would have been too tasteless to have a charity event where you get–actually for a buck a shovel literally dig up his grave and turn him Upside down… And then bury it back. (audience applauds and shouts) His parents are so sweet, and I Was very tentative about Putting that on a dvd, but its Such a funny–its just–rehab Is just such fraud. Its just this cottage industry Of nonsense junk science, Fucking Dr. Drew Pinsky should be just–hes like–Ive never Done a bit about someone for– You do bits, and you fake anger, And you write a bit, you know, You have passion for it, and Then you do it too many times, And then you have to work up the anger, and Ive never had to do that when talking about Dr. Drew Pinsky for fucking years. Just hearing his name, this bile comes out of me cause its– (audience applauds and shouts) It started–if there is a war on drugs, he is the Joseph Goebbels propaganda minister of lies, and it started out with just the celebrity rehab, and that was a–its a dumb show. But what made it important–Dr. Drew is a real doctor. Thats what you have to keep in Mind. Hes an actual–hes not a fake Dr. Phil. Hes an actual, went to medical School, has a diploma over his Desk, real doctor spreading this Nonsense, and it started with celebrity rehab, which was a Guilty pleasure. It was fun to watch. They, you know, call in all These d-level celebrities. Let them shake off the dts for a couple of days with cameras in Their faces 24/7, and then theyd send them boating with Gary Busey cause thats what a medical professional would tell You to do in that situation, And instead of being stripped of His credentials for this, Instead of being drug out in The street and beaten and tied Shirtless to a telephone pole out front of this place so garage bands could staple flyers to his chest to promote their upcoming gig, and then the other band would draw a dick picture On the thing, and theyd tear that off and put up a new Poster, and eventually Drew Pinsky would die the slow Bleeding death of a thousand Weeping pinhole bleeds. Instead of that happening, what happened is it gave him Credibility. People took him seriously. And thats what makes you crazy, Is not that these buffoons exist In life, but the fact that it Was–like the Sarah Palins or the Glenn Becks or whoever where you ah–if everyone was Laughing at them, youd go, ah, what a– but when theyre taking–Drew Pinsky now is the Go-to guy for any kind of celebrity, you know, any–any Heath Ledger issue, any fucking Michael Jackson, hes the guy That the mainstream media goes To. joining us tonight to talk About one of the coreys that Died. We dont know which corey. No one really cares. But to discuss the tragedy, Joining us tonight, celebrity rehabilitation expert, Dr. Drew Pinsky, welcome to the show. You know, first of all, how are You a celebrity rehabilitation expert? How do you get that designation? At what point in medical school did your professor pull you to the side? Drew, come here a second, I wanna talk to you. Listen, I have been watching your work. I have been watching you poke around the cadavers and do what you do with the smug look on your face. Did anyone ever tell you that you have a keen eye for the rich and famous? You should really go in that direction. I think you have a natural gift to be an ambulance chaser to the stars. You fucking would step over a dozen dying winos in the street just to get to Lindsay Lohans bedside to offer unsolicited advice to Charlie Sheen via Twitter as a medical professional is wont to do. Yeah, yeah, Dr. Drew Pinsky, celebrity rehabilitation expert. Its like if I were a gynecologist, but Ive found that I–I specialize in really young, hot… shaved… stinkless pussy. Thats where I found–I just had a knack. It was like a gift from God, just teenage Norwegian pussy is all I really work with anymore because I wanna give back. I wanna give of myself, you puddle of shit. And what they dont show you, when theyve–theyre treating this. Remember this is a deadly disease. Addiction is–here it comes again, watch. Ah, ah. This might look like a choice, But its not. This is a deadly affliction. Mmm, mmm. Theres no such thing as addiction. I mean on the most minor levels, there are–if youre a hardcore substance abuser, there is a physical addiction where you might need a medical detox for a few days to–so you dont seizure up and swallow your tongue. After that, its done. Then its a choice. Its right back to a fucking choice. (shudders) whoo! and theres no such thing as addiction. Theres only things that you enjoy doing more than life, (audience cheers and applauds) And thats– its not just drugs and alcohol, fucking sex addiction, eat too much pie, but, yeah– Its what you wanna do. And what they dont show you in any of these shows is–what are you– what do you do with these– you have all these shows exploiting shitheads. You know, intervention. interventions an hour-long show and 52 minutes of it is some fucking stumblebum being followed around by a camera, shitting his pants, puking in trashcans and losing his job because thats fun to watch. It really is. Its easily exploitable. Thats why cigarettes–theyre far more dangerous than anything that they show, like an intervention, but you dont see that episode. Theres not the–the cigarette, because no one wants to watch 52 minutes of a guy going… (laughter) its killing me. So they have to get the stumblebum just, you know, shitting his pants and knocking over the turkey at his aunt Nancys house on thanksgiving morning because youre trying to drink her mouthwash because its fun to watch. But what they dont ever show you is the cure. If these shows are supposed to be informational and educational, what the fuck do you do? Whats the cure? You show me 52 minutes of the guy fucking up and being hilarious, and then you fast forward through the intervention part cause no one wants to watch that. Thats just boring idiot family members reading Hallmark cards they wrote themselves. you didnt show up to sherrys graduation and–  So what do you–what happened? And the only cure they show– they show–oh yeah, and we flew him to Palo Alto, California for a rehab, and he hasnt drank since 2007. Well, what did you do there?! That might be a good focal point of the show, is the cure for this deadly disease! What is the cure, Dr. Drew? Tell me what youre gonna do with Charlie Sheen if you get him. How do you fucking cure these people? All you do is show me, you know, boating with Gary Busey. Whats the cure? Well, we get them involved in A–we put him in a rehab. Well, what do you do in the rehab? well, its a–its a treatment. Well, what is the fucking treatment? Well, we get them involved in a program. Stop with the buzz words and tell me what exactly is the cure! Oh, the cure specifically is– (coughs) uh, God. What? What? Yes… (coughs) God. Thats what you do? Thats all I do. All these rehabs, all they do is funnel you into a 12-step program, AA and the like, and any 12-step program is a God-based program. Its like seven of the 12 steps are about God and giving your life to God. Youre a fucking medical doctor with a diploma over your desk. You treat one thing and one thing only, and the only cure you have for it is God? Even your religious friends do not wanna hear about God during a medical diagnosis. Its the last word you ever wanna hear from a doctor. You know, doc, my fucking lymph nodes are swollen out of my neck. I look like a bullfrog. Im shitting blood with clumps in it. I cant keep food down. Ooh, sounds like someone needs a higher power. (audience cheers and applauds) Cant we do some blood work first, series of antibiotics, get a cat scan? No, get on your knees and pray, faggot. Youre a doctor? Yeah, Im on TV, too. (laughter) AA makes Scientology look Credible. Its–its at least– Scientology or any fucking Mormons or Christians or Muslims, at least the major cult Religions have a consistent Dogma where AA is so splatter Shot and made up on the fly. AA tells you to make up your own God if you dont already have a God. The big book of AA–I grew up In AA, and I believed all this Shit was true. My mother was in AA, so as a kid Doing homework in the back of Meetings listening to this shit. Theres a chapter to the Agnostic in the big book, their Bible, and youd go oh, oh Chapter to the agnostic, this Will teach you how to use this Program as a reasonable grown-up Adult human being. No, they dont do that. No, the chapter to the agnostic Tells you how to stop being Agnostic and start believing in A little bit of god, you Stubborn little fella. You gotta believe in him. And it tells you if you dont Already have a god, make up your Own, and you go, Im a drunk. I cant even make up a good Excuse for why I pissed in the Sock drawer last night. This is probably– (audience cheers and applauds) Probably–probably not a good Time for me to be creating Omnipotent deities that I will Lay my life down before for the Rest. youre our god, Doug. me a god, yes, yes, and you Are my fucking Satan. First step of aa, you have to Admit that youre powerless over Alcohol and that your life has Become unmanageable, and then They go onto the next step Which you have to turn your life And your will over to a power Higher than yourself. And you go, I was a Freethinking atheist coming Into this bullshit, but since I Went along with you on that First step on a goof where Im Powerless over alcohol, I guess Then by default, alcohol would Have to be my only higher power, So… (audience cheers and applauds) Ill go with the–Ill go with Vodka, I guess. If I am to be a monotheist and Pick just one, I will go with Vodka. Its a good all occasions. It mixes well in the morning With a nice citrus beverage. Makes a good Christmas drink With neighbor dave and evil e. The people say, well, whats– You know, whats the big deal? And by people, I mean all you shitheads on my Facebook page That every time I say something Anti-AA or pro-Charlie Sheen Or anti dr. Drew– Stanhope, Im normally with you On, you know, most of everything You say, but you really–youre Off the–off the mark on this. Drug abuse is a really serious Problem. Its a serious issue. So whats the problem if someone Has to believe in a higher power To get them through? Thats not the problem! The problem is when a medical Professional who is on every Goddamn night on the fucking News is telling you, you have a Disease thats not a disease, And hes telling you the cure is a god that doesnt exist. Its a big fucking problem. Whats your problem? Whats your problem? So what? Its a problem. Its a problem of the earth. I got bladder cancer and youre Applying leeches instead of Doing research. (laughter) Its a huge problem. I have comics that will call me Up because of the economy, like, dude, how you doing on the Road out there? You getting beat up? Like, how– You go like, I drink as much As I ever drank, yeah. I feel like shit physically, but Im not like–Im not in agony But I feel lethargic for years, Or decade maybe. Its just my piss stinks. Thats not normal. I was in fucking anchorage for a Summer solstice at Beckers House, outside Im pissing on a Pine tree, and theyre having a Barbecue. Im like 20 yards away pissing on a pine tree, and my buddy Billy, bad fireman says, dude, is that your piss? You could smell my piss? Hes like, god damn it, whats wrong with you? I dont–I dont know. I dont know. My kidneys are fucking defective? I dont know. Taking a leak on a tree in the Great wilderness of Alaska should not be a who farted? situation. So maybe–yeah, maybe Im Getting beat up, like, my Internal organs. I shit. I shit a lot during the day, but I always–I mean like ten times, But not a lot of product. Theyre just like clumps, and It comes out in a consistency. If its not just sheer liquid, Its like thick mud. Do you ever see history channel, And youre watching like g.I.s In world war ii trying to push a Jeep out of deep mud and its Just that like packed–its like Soft-serve ice cream. It comes out like that, but not A lot at a time. Its just–its almost like a– And I dont know if my organs Are just–Im way too fat in the Middle to–for as little as I Eat. I just–its just in the middle Part is always bloated, so I Dont know if my organs from all The drinking, or the liver and Kidneys are swelling up and Pushing against the Gastrointestinal tract and Making it hard for the shit to Get–like shit has to push its Way through like a–like an Offensive line, a fourth and one, its just–so you gotta– You dont have to get the whole Football over the line, just get A piece over the line and we– Touchdown. And then my friend the comic on The other line will say, no, I meant beat up like ticket sales. How does–how is–like the Economy is all in the rubbish and– Oh, sorry about that whole Soliloquy about my chewing- Tobacco loads of dumps that I Take. Yeah, tickets are fine. If you wanna feel bad for Someone in a down-turned Economy, Ill give you someone. Prostitutes, because a Prostitute doesnt have that Same worst-case scenario b-plan That we all enjoy. No matter how shitty things are Going for you on the job. Danny, if they lay off any more People, Im gonna be out on the Street sucking dicks for a living. I got nothing else. Im serious. Hooker doesnt have that same Safety net. Hookers are already out there Sucking dicks. Here is a hooker jugging a cock, A fucking sour-milk-smelling Cock behind a dumpster right now And shes staring up at your Office building thinking, they Lay off any more people, more People gonna be out here sucking Dicks, its gonna be a buyers Market. More people out here sucking Dicks. Im gonna have to start doing Anal just to compete in the Marketplace. Woman my age shouldnt have to Do anal. I aint built right for it no More. I gotta do exercises in the Morning. I do squat thrusts, trying to Strengthen up my shit pussy in Case this whole thing goes Bust. Im doing ass kegels every Morning. You cant afford to get all Loosey-goosey down in your ass Pussy, not in this economy. If you get baggy in your shit Pussy, youd be tonguing ass for A living. That aint proper work for no Human being. If you tongue ass, you gotta get Up early, sugar. Set your alarm clock and get Down to construction site before The boys in the orange vests Show up and wait for them. Take all the toilet paper out, Wait for them to take that Gravely good morning and Starbucks shit. You hear them scratching around On the fiberglass. You go, there aint no toilet Paper in there, sugarplum, but Ill clean you out real good for 25 dollars. That aint no way for a Human being to make a living. You call that getting the blood Diamond. Get in here and get the blood Diamond. Where amnesty international Now? If you do anal, you gotta watch Your diet. Cant–cant eat no more gummy Bears, no more licorice whips. Cant swallow your gum. No more canned cheese. Gotta eat triscuit wafers, get Fiber in your diet. You gotta keep regular, Princess. If youre gonna have regular clientele, you gotta be regular in your ass pussy. You cant get baggy in your shit Pussy in a bad economy. This whole motherfucking economy built on a house of cards. First of all, you gotta get this Shit, get that federal reserve Back on a gold standard. What the fuck is that? We got government printing off Fiat currency. Youre building a whole Motherfucking house of cards. Its a charade fiat currency. The consumer gotta understand That the currency only have as Much value as the consumer Have faith in the currency, you Gotta back that shit up with Precious metal, buttface. Fuck Keynesian economic Philosophy. Thats what Im saying to you, Angela. Fuck Keynes and his philosophy. Dig up that dead jew Milton Friedman. Hes a Nobel peace prize winner, motherfucking economic major. You dig up that dead jew. Ask Milton Friedman, dead jew corpse, what he thinks about the current economic crisis, and he Would tell you, you better Strengthen up your shit pussy, Baby, cause this whole economy Is going down. Sometimes I carry a little baby Carrot in my asshole when I walk The street, and I just suckle on That motherfucker. (laughter) Dont you like how I made that Urban hooker real smart at the End? She was a fucking–she was Saying shit I dont even Understand. I need a fucking black cock. I need a–is there a–is there Any black cock in here? Hey, can we do that when we edit This out? When we edit this, just like Dont even use this audience, Just smash cut to the, like a Martin Lawrence show audience, Its just all-black people just Laughing hysterically at me? cause that looks so much Cooler, and people would be, I Dont know he was like– I guess hes a big, like, urban Act, this doug stanhope. But I need a picture of a black Cock, if you have a–if theres Black cock in here and you want A model after this show. I mean–this is–wasnt even a Bit when I first started asking. It was a serious– I need a picture of me with a Fat black cock just slapped Across my open mouth, sideways, Like, ahhh. Like a fucking bratwurst, A at packer tailgating– Ahhh! It doesnt have to be giant. Its just sizeable. It has to be photogenic Veiny black cock. Your face doesnt have to be in It. Just–we can crop that out. Just me, ahhh. I have a picture I keep in my Wallet of my fathers corpse. My father died in 2001. He was just a fat nice guy. He died at 73. He had colon cancer. It had just fucking tore him Apart. He was a fat nice guy. He was always nice, and he made Blueberry pancakes, and he Didnt have opinions, he just Smiled, and hes fat, and then, He was down to like 78 pounds, And I have a picture of me Kissing him on the forehead, Moments after he died. Im all full of fucking tears. And I keep that picture in my Wallet to show people who show Me baby pictures. (laughter and applause) oh, you see. Did you know I had a baby? Look at this. You go, oh, you had a baby. Well, this is–this is how that Ends. This is what–this is what you Made. Thats what you made. Did you consider that before you Had that hubris to fucking just Create people without their Consent? Because thats gonna be your Corpse one day, and thatll be Your crying child not Understanding why someone whos Done nothing but be really nice To people has to be fucking Raped to death with shit cancer By nature like that, and then it Will be your babys corpse with A gray death mask, and when you Touch their cheeks, all the cold Drool thats built up in their Open mouth spills onto your Hand. Do you want a copy? And thats why–thats why I Want the black cock photo to go As a companion piece. Ahhh. Because I use the word faggot Very liberally and I never Attach sexuality to it. Its just a fun word of Weakness, and its happy. I love homosexuality. I promote it. You fuck and you dont leave Fucking garbage on the earth Because of it. You know, fucking nothing. I dont have to look at pictures Of the results. Yeah, fucking homosexuality. I fucking–I support Wholeheartedly, and I use the Word nigger when niggers the Appropriate word, like, or if Im just quoting Mel Gibson. Im not gonna say, oh, and then He said I hope you get raped by A pack of n-words. No, its fucking nigger. Its a sound you can make with Your mouth and fucking get over It. If youre offended by any word In any language, its probably Because your parents were unfit To raise a child. They were too stupid. They should have been neutered Because all it is a sound you Can make with your mouth that You shouldnt be–its not a Weakness that you have Naturally. When you come out of that pink Ugly hole onto this planet, Youre nothing but a gooey Shrieking wrinkled ball of Weakness. Thats all you are. Youre just weak. Youre nothing but weak, and Your parents look at that, and They think not weak enough. We can make this thing even Weaker by training it Pavlovian To react poorly to different Sounds that you can make with Your mouth. Well list them up. This is the worst thing. If anyone ever says this sound, Blah la, la la la, Thats the worst thing they can Call you, so make sure to recoil And cry and be hurt and Devastated and eat ice cream on A couch for days and then write A song about it. You wouldnt do that otherwise. Youd just be happier if your Parents didnt fuck it up with Their stupid–youd just be a Happier person. I could just walk right up to You and go, hey, cunt, and Youd go, no, Im Rebeca, But I guess I have a face that Looks like a lot of different People. Whats your name? Welcome to Salt Lake. But your parents ruined that, And thats a–I just need a Fucking picture of the fucking Giant black cock and me just Feasting on it with fucking Magic in my eyes. Ahhh. That way people get upset. You know, if you say faggot, and You say its just a sound, but You know what? If you grew up with an Alternative lifestyle like I Did, and you were taunted on a Schoolyard, and you go, hang On, sugarplum, look right here, Just look at that picture. You relaxed now? Ah… See? Can I just– Because I dont care. nigger is just, yo, you think Thats–youre edgy to throw That around, and you know, but You dont–the history of Hatred with that word, you go, hang on, look right here. Look, do you know what black Cock tastes like? Then why dont you study your Roots a little bit more like I Did? And in the meantime, back off. Who is the faggot nigger now, Huh? Who is the faggot nigger now? (crowd whistles and applauds) Have you ever considered Registering as a sex offender Just so you have a legitimate excuse for why your friends cant bring their stupid children over to your house? Thats all it would take. Thats all it would take. I never thought–oh wait, thats So easy. Id just put myself on a web Site somewhere. And then your friend calls up, yeah, youre having a Monday Night football party, shit, Yeah, I wanna come. I got custody this week though. You dont mind if I bring jimmy Junior and the baby, do you? You go, oh, yeah, Jim, Id love to see the kids. You know theyre a treasure at Every party, but, uh, I had an Incident years back, and now Im on a watchdog site, so why dont you just leave those kids locked In a hot car and you bring beer Like anyone else would do at a party? Who thinks thats okay? plus Im a huge saints fan, and I might fuck the shit out of your kids if theyre ahead at Half-time because Im real superstitious, so, yeah, you bring cold beer like anyone else Would do. Because we moved to a small town In Arizona. We live in a town–Bisbee, Arizona. Its a beautiful little town, 6,000 people on the Mexican Border. Its far away from anything And anyone, but you have to, Like, be polite to people. Its not like here, fuck you Faggots, and I run out the Backdoor, and I dont come back For two years and– And people do, theyll just Bring their children to a party. They dont even ask. Like who would think thats okay To bring kids? Its like youve invited me to Your wedding, and I go, just Brought chickens with me. I got a pen full of chickens. I wont even ask. Ill just bring them and assume Thats okay. I brought my chickens. Yeah, congratulations. Yeah, they squawk and peck and– But they wont hurt anyone Theyll just fucking bring this Whole shindig down. So you try to be polite, Passive-aggressive, oh yeah, You you might not wanna bring Your kids to this party. There a lot of my comic friends Are gonna be here. It gets out of control. And then theyd think youre Worried about their kids. No, Im worried about my party, Asshole. oh, come on, dont worry about The kids. Theyve heard every word in the Book. Yeah, except for fuck off, they Havent heard those words often Enough cause its a party, man. put them in a corner, theyll Entertain themselves. Yeah, while they irritate Everybody else. Its partying. My friends are doing fucking Rails of prescription drugs Theyve chopped up, crush a Giant line of adderall, and they Snort it off a coffee table and Get to the end, and then your Fucking pie-faced kids playing With a goddamn choo-choo train. ah! Oh! Ah! I wanna go home. Its a buzz kill. Its horrific. Thats the only drugs to do in Bisbee. Its kind of a dry town. Drugs come through Bisbee, Thats whats fucked up. Were on the Mexican border Where they have border patrol, National guard, minutemen, Militias, trying to stop the Flow of aliens and drugs coming Through, but all those drugs are coming through, they dont stop. Id lived there six years. Its the driest place Ive ever Seen. So I can–theres no weed if You–I dont smoke it, Occasionally, but theres blow Thats torn apart and stepped On. Its like a 3-2-blow. Hey, little local, gotcha, huh? A little local gotcha. Hey, Im so clever. Heres a big night in Bisbee. Sometimes Ill take two Xanax And two laxatives at bedtime, And Ill play chicken in my sleep. Thats a thrill ride. Thats a hometown thrill ride Because its kind of like three Highs at once, because it starts Out as a downer, turns into Gambling… Wakes up as a huge amphetamine, Like, oh! Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. You do that on the road, its Not really a risk cause thats Not really your bed. But you do that at the house in Your own tempur-pedic, you wake Up with a jolt. ah, oh, oh, oh, oh. Won again, I won again. Double or nothing? Sometimes in Bisbee, Ill take two Xanax and two laxatives, and Ill play chicken in my sleep. Ill play chicken in my sleep. Ill play chicken in my sleep. Ill take two ex-lax, two Xanax, play chicken in my sleep. Ill play chicken in my sleep. Ill play chicken in my sleep. Im just trying to point out to You how lazy songwriters are. You overrated, do-nothing, Over-celebrated, lazy Motherfucker. You have three minutes to fill a Song, and you sing the same shit Over and over and over. I have to do an hour and 10 Minutes up here, every word has To be different. They all have to go in one Direction. They cant be open to Interpretation because they Dont make sense, and theyre Kooky. Yes, and I get dick, you get fucking Grammy awards, and Accolades, and pussy, and I Get–I get a hot shot of Jagermeister for my trouble. You got three minutes. Yes, sally has to slow the Mustang down, I understand that. Whats the rest of the story? You already said it once. Its a chorus. No, its sloth. Write a fucking song. Ive–Ive grown such a palpable distaste or distrust of artists. Artists–and keep in mind, when I say I dont like artists, Remember I–anything that I Dont understand or cant do is stupid… (audience cheers) Whatever it is. Roller skating, faggy, its because I cant barely stand up On shoes, much less skates. Yeah, everything–so art is Stupid to me anyway cause I dont–but artists, we–we Live in an artist community. Ive found that artists can generally be as self-righteous And humorless and intolerant as Even the fucking religious Right. They can be a huge bucket of cunts. Theyre fucking awful– no, thats not–  And thats why we moved to Bisbee, its an artist community. I had to get the fuck out of L.A. I have been to this town a bunch Of times. Its a cool beautiful little Town, and Id go, oh, and its An artist community. Im an impulse buy kind of guy, so alright, lets just go, and We moved there, like yeah, Bought a house, no turning back. It turns out my art doesnt Really fit in the whole cog and Gears of an artist community. I dont–Im an artist, too, and Itll be fun, and well live with other kind of artsy– no, not you. If you can imagine an arts Fair, and then imagine my booth. So–so it doesnt–doesnt Really kind of mesh, and you try To like oh, youre an artist Too? I just moved into town. What–what kind of art? Oh, you make turquoise belt Buckles. Oh, Im an artist as well. Maybe we can hang out. Right now Im working on a piece About how a lot of the corpses from that Japanese tsunami that got swept out to sea when they washed up days and weeks later, they kind of looked Korean, which is weird because thats basically the major difference between, and I think that Asian women are the most beautiful women on the planet. Pound for pound, per capita, Asian women are the most beautiful, except for the ugly ones, theyre just– Oh, but they are more pretty per Person, and that–and thats the Major difference between the Japanese and the Korean is that The Japanese have more of an Angular feature where the Korean Has a more like a swollen boxy Bucket head like its soaked in Saltwater for a long time, but still beautiful, beautiful Nonetheless. I think theyre–and Im not sexualizing them either. When I say that Asian women are beautiful, its not a sexual thing. Im not being degrading. I find them sexually repulsive because I–I dont like that Whole subservient, ah-ha-ha-ha. Have you ever seen Japanese shit porn where they, Ah-ha-ha-ha? You know, the picture with the girl upside down in the tub with the geyser of shit coming out. I dont know. I dont know how much time you spend on the internet. Not trying to be an internet snob. Dont like them. Ill fucking occasionally find a Picture like that and send it out on the fucking news feeds, On the twitters, and all that, And then people will go, thats Like 2005. You go, its the fucking Internet, faggot. Its like 8 billion channels. Dont act like its 1983, and I Just found Mork & Mindy. Alright? Yeah, its fucking the internet. But yeah, the Asian women, not Sexualizing them, theyre gross. I like more of a German Dominatrix-y, like mean–you Fucking tongue out my fucking Unwashed ass, you fucking fat Faggot, not ha-ha-ha. Im not degrading Japanese women By it. Im not sexualizing them. Im saying they have gungy Cunts, too. Thats another thing. If you look like– High-definition ruined a lot of Things that I used to hold Sacrosanct in pornography, and a Japanese vagina is one of them Because, yeah, with that kind Of clarity, its a–it tends to Be like jaundiced around the Edges. You know how overweight peoples Inner thighs get when they rub Together, they become Discolored. A Japanese vagina is a really Gungy looking, and the hair– Its not a–you know, not too Much hair, but the hair thats There is always matted. When you have the perfect Porcelain skin of a china doll, Thats no place for the random Black wiry ass hair of a rodent. Its just–it just sticks out Like a bed spring. So Im not sexualizing them. Im saying theyre beautiful as People like art. Theyre beautiful like art. And Im working on an art piece About how maybe thats how the Korean culture started is Japanese people swimming away From an evil emperor across the Sea of japan and then drowning Right close to the shores of Korea and then becoming Korea, Which doesnt make sense because Dead people cant procreate, but Thats why Im talking to you as An artist, maybe we can help Each other. Ill talk to you about your belt Buckles, throw in–spitball Some ideas, maybe put a third Piece of turquoise on the belt Buckle, make it a triangle. Itll kind of look like the State of Texas. You could probably sell more in This area, and you might say to Me, hey, tone down on the gungy Cunts of the jap–japaniards, And together we could become Better artists, but instead of That, they just stare at me Blankly and never call back. (laughter and applause) So its–its– Its a trying place, the artist community, but we have a big Fence. Again, I am gonna put that in There for later for continuity Reasons. Artists who say that theyre Artists are usually people who Need a job. Like if you ask, what do you do? And they say, Im an artist, Rather than just say what the Fuck they do, its because they Do an art no one really wants to See, and its kind of a–its a Shit bag trick because it forces You to act like youre Interested. If I say, what do you do? Its because Im in a pinch, I Have nothing else to say. What do you do? Now you say Im an artist which Forces me, puts the onus on me To act like Im interested in Art by saying, oh really? What type of art? Which is invariably something no One wants to see. Oh Im a playwright. Oh yeah, that needs to be done Over and over again. You know we have movies now. They took the place of plays. Theyre not two separate things. Weve made movies cause plays Suck and we could make movies All of a sudden, cause a play Is an awkward thing to watch. Have you ever seen a play? Is there anything more Embarrassing and fucking filthy To sit through? I dont like any form of live Entertainment where there is a Fourth wall, where you pay $150 For a front row Broadway tickets, and I have some asshole Who pretends youre not here, While I pretend to drive a Motorboat or I fence with a guy. Thats rude. whoo! Im– were belly dancers. Oh, good. Yeah, well, how does that work Again, the belly dancing? Oh, when we took titty dancing, Removed all the fun and Sexuality, and replaced it with Jangly clangy things that scare The shit out of your dogs. Were belly dancers. No, youre fat girls. Put on a robe, alright? Come on. I dont have anything near a 6-pack myself, but Im not gonna Throw wind chimes on a beer gut And call it free expression. Artist communities love to Bullshit each other and Glad-hand one another, and Theres no room for the fucking Crippling honesty of comedy. Im a painter. Well, you dont probably need to do that. At some point, yeah, you had to paint to–yeah, cavemen did That because they didnt have a Word for a fucking arrow and deer. If youre painting something That doesnt exist, I understand That. I can appreciate, like, Salvador Dali shit, like melting clocks. Im a tripper. I dont see melting clocks a Lot. Thats something I can stare at. But if youre painting–oh its a barnyard seen in autumn. Well, then just take a picture Of a barn in autumn. Its way better than a Painting. well, you just dont appreciate It because youre shallow. You have to look at all the Detail that the artist put into Every tiny brushstroke. Well, look at the detail in 9 Billion megapixels on a fucking Camera. Someone worked their ass off to Make that fucking computer chip, Some woman in Hong Kong with a diamond glass trying to put a Chip together with all those Megapixels, shes as much of an Artist as you. She doesnt get a gallery Showing every Friday and get to Grow out her armpit hair without Explanation. What about her? What about her? (audience cheers and applauds) I really dont like art with a message unless the message is crystal clear. It doesnt–if you have a Message that really needs to be Said, just fucking say it. Dont hide it in indecipherable Lyrics, fucking sculpture. Its a play, and theres Subtext. Fucking say it cause the people Who need to hear messages are Dumb as shit. The masses of humanity are dumb As shit, and youre really just Pandering to your friends. Say what the fuck you mean. Just say it, title the song, Eat more leafy greens. Yeah, give a hoot, dont Pollute. Its as much message in art Combined cause I get that. Its a poem, but Im pretty sure Youre saying dont pollute. But if you have something– ooh I have the cure for cancer, And I have hidden it in this Rubiks cube. Just fucking say it. Art with a message. cause I dont care anymore. Like I used to have some type of Social relevance in my act, and There was a point where I–I Really gave a shit about stuff To a–to a point where it was Ruining my life. And I guess like 10 years ago I Thought well, yeah, you know, Im gonna – Im gonna change the World. Im gonna talk about stuff. In 20 years of comedy, Ive Probably had a dozen good points That I reflect on and go, That was actually a really Fucking good piece, and it Really–it had a point that Made sense, but the whole Changing the world thing never Really kicked in. The revolution I was starting Where I thought I could yell at 200 people in a bar every night And change the world, yeah, it Didnt–didnt quite happen, Like Egypt and Syria. Yeah. And its–its frustrating, Because you do a bit, and then Youd go, oh, thats fucking Really good, and then it just– The problem is still there. And someone will say, oh, Abortions back in the news. And you go, why? I already solved that on a 2004 Release. How can it possibly still exist? Ive yelled at thousands of drunk people about that. Maybe Ill rewrite it and Repackage it. It gets frustrating as shit Where youre like I dont care. Fuck it. Fuck everyone. Its just frustrating as if you live in a world full of starving People where occasionally you Could point out food that no one else seemed to notice, for a Living, where you go on stage And youd go, did you ever Notice theres a plate of Nachos right over there? And people would go, oh, hes So right, there is a plate of Nachos. I never noticed that. But instead of eating them, They shove them up their noses And assholes for entertainment Value and get no nutrition out Of it even though theyre fucking starving to death. And its not just the audience Or the world, even my own social Circle, people who fucking– Doug, you know, what you said About gay marriage, that was Right on the money. Marriage itself is an antiquated Institution. It has no place in a progressive Society. It has nothing that anyone needs To do. Im still getting married on Saturday though cause Janice Doesnt really–yeah, she Doesnt get your act. She doesnt think youre funny, So were getting married, but Its a really good point though. And what you said–that one Thing you said, overpopulation. Youre right, Doug. Youre not really funny anymore, But youre right. What you said about Overpopulation, most of the Worlds problems are based on Overpopulation. Theres just too many god damn People. Were still gonna have the baby cause Janices biological clock Is ticking, and plus we live in A gated community. Its not really overpopulation If youre gonna afford to send It to a Montessori school is My take, but its right– What youre doing is a good Thing, and you should keep doing It, and dont die on us. What you said about drugs, Youre right on the money, Doug. Drugs, I never thought of it Like that. Its a private property issue. All drugs should be legal cause Your body is your own private Property. You own your own meat. If you own nothing else in the World, you own the fucking meat Thats packing your bones. Yeah, so all the drugs – yeah, It doesnt matter what it is. Drugs, to fucking, just put a Needle in your arm, tattoo Yourself, pierce yourself, Fucking eat cheese sandwiches, Throw cheese sandwiches down Your top hatch till youre so Fat you have to pay for two Seats on southwest airlines. Thats your prerogative cause You own your own meat. Do whatever you want to it. Drink yourself silly. You find something living Rent free in your uterus, evict That motherfucker. This is private property. Theres no squatters rights. Pay rent or quit. Thats a good point, Doug. Drugs should be your own Prerogative, whatever it is, Huffing a gassy rag, thats What you wanna do, except for Heroin cause thats what killed Hedberg. Thats what we really need the Federal government to come in And stop this, and I cant Understand why Im so fucking Thirsty all the time. Im–youre so right. Youre so right. I just dont listen. I just dont listen. (audience cheers and applauds) So I just dont give a shit Anymore. Thats what I do for a living. I try to write more fist-fuck Jokes and enjoy myself more. It doesnt matter. We aint winning shit. I got on–I get to a point Where, like, my act was making My entire life miserable where Its just–and its still not Good, but its–I just hate Everything and fuck it, its so Dumb. Doesnt anyone see how dumb this Is? Like some people go, isnt The world a crazy place? And theyre fine with that. And Im like, this is fucked Up. This is really fucked up. Were like dark ages people, and Im not even smart. And thats the most terrifying Part when you realize Im not Even a bright person, but Im Still probably in the top 3% Of the smartest people on this Planet, and Im pretty Fucking dumb. And you go, how alone are we? And then you go, I dont give A shit. At one point, you go, 44. Im way closer to dead than I Am life of the party, and I dont have children, so why am I getting so enraged about all this nonsense? I dont care. I dont care getting all upset About the fucking planet. Im gone pretty soon. I left no litter behind. Thats your problem. Im treating this planet like The fucking rental car that it Is, and Im turning it in Trashed with a bumper hanging Off, fuck your insurance, fuck The environment, I didnt ask to Be here. (audience cheers and applauds) Someone created me. Yes, I know thats a selfish Thing. Its a selfish thing. But you know what? Ive cared about other stuff, And, yeah, me not caring about Stuff, well, affect it as much As me caring about stuff, which Is none. I just wanna close strong. I wanna–I wanna have a great closer. As a comic, I want to have a Great closing bit. I want to have a great closing Bit for my career. Once I find that bit, I can stop Yelling about stuff and slink Off. I dont care if I have to Fucking whatever for a living. we love you anyway. who do we got to kill? who do you have to kill? No. The closer, the closing bit– Last year at sea world, a killer whale leapt out of the tank And grabbed its trainer by the Head and pulled her underwater, And ate her at the end of a live Performance. I dont know that it was the scheduled end of the show, But on that night they decided to close on it. It leapt up, grabbed her ponytail, pulled her underwater, and chewed on her for quite some time. cause its a fucking killer whale. You cant give it the hook like Its vaudeville, like, na na na na-na wa No. They had to let it go. And I read that story with such palpable envy cause thats everything I want to bring to stage. That story–like, if I could find some parallel closing bit, I would never do comedy again cause thats everything I wanna present to an audience is its inherently hilarious, but its got a sense of horror, and its just a horrifying–but it – Theres an unmistakable message and justice within because First of all, youre not a killer whale trainer. You didnt call yourself and dress up in the spandex like a killer whale. Youre not a killer whale trainer because from my limited knowledge of marine biology, killer whales come out previously trained. Theyre already perfect killer whales unless youre trying to train them to do backflips for fucking sardines and to dance on their tails which they dont do naturally. Youre training them to be fucking circus monkeys and–by withholding a food source. Youre not a trainer. Youre a fuck-with-er. You fuck with killer whales. Thats what you do. You take away their food until they do unnatural acts and then you call yourself a– you can say, oh, no, she did a lot of hard work, and the research they did because of the Sea world. She could follow their mating habits and help them proliferate in the wild when theyre a dwindling species, and you go, yeah, you could do that regardless without making them dance on their tails cause theyre starving for a fucking fish. You couldve done it without fucking with them. So dont tell me they did a lot of good work cause you could have done that without the–fuck with them. Thats like if I went to Somalia right now, worst drought in 60 Years, I picked up a dozen kids that were starving to death and brought them over here to help them. But first, I paraded them out on stage for a matinee show and drug a wiener on a string till they jumped through a series of burning hoops, and then at the end I made them present and stand and jump on their tippy toes to get the hotdog, and they go– ta-da you wouldnt call me a trainer. Youd call me an asshole, and you would clap and applaud wildly when they turned on me And ate my head in front of the Fucking sold-out show. (audience cheers and applauds) And thats everything Im Jealous of. When I find that in the closing Bit cause thats a serious Closer. Thats a closer because anyone Who was at that live performance Will never be able to enjoy live Entertainment again. Nothing will ever top what they Saw, and no one can ever top Their story. I was at Monterrey when fucking Hendrix lit his guitar on fire, And he was on acid, and I was on acid, and everyone was on acid, And ahh! Oh, yeah? Yeah. I was at– (chuckles) I was at sea world. I was at sea world last February Where I watched a killer whale Chew on its trainers head in Front of a glass, in front of screaming children with their Parents trying to cover their Eyes, recoiling in horror, Heading for the exits, but still Having to stop and watch for over 35 minutes. So yeah, no, I dont wanna go See your friend Danny play Flamenco guitar at the vip Lounge. I gotta go. Ill be–Ill be back. (audience cheers and applauds) I shall return. Thanks, have a good night. What, the bottle? Yeah, no, Ill do that. Im gonna drink–the lady Bought me the beer, and then the Other lady said, Im gonna Drink it. Im gonna drink some and then Ill get a bottle, hows That? (in high-pitched voice) Dont wait to get drinks. Shell just get chattier if I Dont…Here, have this drink. (laughter) Its easier than fucking you. Im just saying. I ought to be offended by That. you should be offended by That? yes. no, I said you werent easy To fuck, which you should be Offended by cause fucking Should be something that comes Easy. Fucking is not something you Should build your life around. Easier than giving you the Disease by fucking you– what makes you think– my girlfriend is retarded, But she could explain this joke to you.

BILL BURR@YOU PEOPLE ARE ALL THE SAME@2012@[Crowd chatter] Ladies and gentlemen: Bill Burr! [Cheers and applause] All right. Thank you! Thank you. Thank you, sir. How are ya? Hows it going? All right. [Cheers and applause] All right, all right, all right, all right. All right, everybody settle down. I wanna get a gun. I do. I really do. I never had that feeling before till I moved out to Los Angeles. This city just messes with your mind, you know? Its overpopulated, technically doesnt have a water supply. Right? The dollars crashing. Shit keeps you up at night. Youre just thinking… What am I gonna do when the zombies come? Right? Start reading up on shit. Get some powdered food. Plant some zucchini. Get a windmill. Right? And thats all well and good, but if you dont know how to fight, all youre doing is gathering supplies for the toughest guy on the block. Right? I was thinking about that. What am I gonna do if some dude turns me upside down, starts shaking the gold coins outta my pockets? I gotta get a gun. So Im on the road, right? Im in Reno. Great gun town. So I go down to that little gun store, right? Come walking in. Theres some redneck there. Im like, Hey, man. I go, I wanna get a gun. Hes like, I hear ya. Whatcha looking for? Whatcha want? Mossberg? Over/under? A .357 Magnum? Right? Starts rattling off all this gibberish, right? I dont know shit. Im trying to play it off. I feel like a bitch, cause I dont know anything about guns. So I was like, What do I do here? Ah, hell, Im gonna go with honesty. I go, Look, dude, I dont know anything about guns. They terrify me. But Im worried about the zombies. All right? Dudes just like… You need a shotgun. You need a shotgun, man. Its got a good spread. Its easy to load, doesnt have a lot of working parts. Got a good spread. He kept saying that. Its got a good spread. Im like, What does that mean? He goes, Well, that means you aint gotta be that accurate. Its got a good spread. Further away you are, the more shit you hit. Its got a good spread. In fact, you got a problem over here, you aint even gotta look. You just turn… pow! Thats it. You aint got a problem over here anymore. Anything that was even remotely a problem aint there anymore. Trust me. And then these people here… they saw what you just did here. You aint got a problem here either… feel me? 90 degrees taken care of right there… one shot. These people get smart, flip it over… whap! Thats it. Its got a good spread. So Im, like, laughing my ass off. Im like, Dude, look. I just wanna shoot the guy. I dont want to have to do a bunch of drywall work. You know? Reframe my diploma. Get my parakeet another friend. You know? I just wanna shoot the guy. So Im like, You know, how bout one of these pistols? So he does, like, that classic, like, that redneck trailing off thing like, All right, you want a pistol, go ahead and get a pistol… What do I know? I just been here 20 years. Get a shiny one, right? So I was like, Whats wrong with getting a pistol? He goes, Ill tell you why, buddy. Cause life… Life aint a movie. You feel me? Im like, No, can you please stop speaking in these backwoods riddles? Can you just say what youre saying? I told you I dont know shit about guns. Come on, do me a solid here. He goes, Look, you ever watch a movie, guy goes blaw, blaw, blaw… he kills three people. Real life, man, you miss. You miss all the fucking time. You miss enough times, man, youre empty. Might as well juts be standing there with a big stapler in your hand. Then what ya gonna do? I was like, Well, fuck it. Lets get the shotgun. Hes all ready to box the thing up, and then Im like, Wait a minute. I live with my girl. I cant just show up with a shotgun, right? Thats not some shit you can just come home with. If I found this stool on the side of the road, I can come home with this. Look at it! We can refinish it. We can carve our initials in it. We can have a good time, right? I cant just show up with a shotgun. Hey, I got it for us! Right? One barrel for you, one for me. No. So she kiboshes the whole thing. Till the other night somebody broke into our car sitting in the driveway. Starts fucking with her head, right? So she starts reading up on guns, you know? But shes reading too much, cause now she wants to get one, but shes just like, Well, I heard you gotta keep the bullets in a safe, keep the stock in the garage. And then what? Then what, I run around the house and assemble it as some dudes chasing me with an ax, you know? Are you even thinking this thing through, sweetheart? Running around. Where… wheres the scope? Its in the living room. Hes in the living room! No, if were getting this thing, I want that fucking thing loaded right on the bedroom wall, right there. Ill put that thing in my jam-jam sleeves. Whoof! just like that. Theres no other point. Its funny, though, when you talk about getting a gun, you know? People, like, theyre either totally for it or completely against it, you know? They either go nuts and start screaming, right? Or they start throwing out those stats: You know, actually, you increase your chances of getting shot by 80% the second you get a gun in the house. Really? What, cause Im gonna load it and shower with it, like… uhh… uh… uhh… The fuck? I know its dangerous. You get a pool in your backyard, you immediately increase your odds of drowning in your backyard, right? You couldnt do that before. Now you step on a rake, in you go! No, Im telling you, I dont buy into any of that shit. Stats are so fucking stupid, you know? Not that theyre stupid. Its the way people apply em. You already have your mind made up, and then you go to imright.com, you start memorizing a bunch of shit, then you just… blaaah! Just throw it up at people. This guy tried to get me to go scuba diving. I go, Im not going. I dont wanna get eaten by a shark. Hes like, Well, actually, 90% of shark attacks actually happen in shallow water. Its like, no shit. Thats where the people are. You know? Its called the beach. 90% of people are frolicking along the coastline. Its not like theres people swimming to Europe. Lets go to Iceland, you pussies! Right? I dont know. But I actually like Los Angeles. One of the few east coast people that likes it. All my moron New York friends and Boston friends, they come out there, try to get a good slice of pizza at 4:00 in the morning. And they cant. Like, This fucking place sucks! Its not like exactly where I left. Whats the point of traveling if its gonna be different? Thats so fucking stupid. Get a burrito and go on a hike. Whats wrong with you? You gonna go to Hawaii… Theres no pond hockey! This place sucks! I got to admit, the only thing that freaks me out about Los Angeles is all the plastic surgery. I dont get it. Why do people get plastic surgery, you know? Why cant you just admit its over? You know? You had your time. Stop trying to look fuckable in your 50s. Its weird! With their faces yanked back… Looking all shiny, right? Not to mention they havent even figured it out, you know? Why would you get a face-lift? Cant you look at other face-lifts and realize they havent worked all the bugs out yet? Thats what you wanna look like? Like you just lost a fight three days ago? Dont be a hero. Let somebody else go in there… Take the fucking beach. You lay back… Wait it out. Theyre just lying to people. No, no, it looks great. Looks great. Put a little ice on it, well see you in a couple of weeks. All right, take it easy. Jesus Christ! What the fuck happened? We followed every step. Did we miss something? Oh, hey, hey, hey! Oh, heres your keys. Heres your keys. There you go, there you go. Almost didnt recognize you, you look so young. All right, take it easy. She gone? All right, shes gone. Shred everything. Shred it! No, youre nuts. You wait it out. Let em figure it out, then you fucking go in. Dont be a goddamn hero, you know? Look at hair plugs. Hair plugs dont look half bad now. Saw this guy the other night on TV. Hes like, Oh, god, I wish I did this ten years ago. Its like, no, you dont! Ten years ago, when they were stapling ant legs to the tops of peoples heads? Remember that? Your eyes would water looking at their hairline… like, Is that sewn in? I see pine tar! They used to put you in, like, a headlock. Hold still! Use, like, a nail gun. Hold still! Guys would tap out after a row and a half. Fuck it! I dont give a shit! You wish you got hair plugs ten years ago. Do you wish you got polio 60 years ago? What else is on your wish list, sir? No, you dont fuck with your face… Okay? I understand liposuction. They screw that up, you can put on a shirt, right? Theres no shirt for your face. Who do they think theyre fooling with their stupid… You know? And then you lie to yourself: Im just gonna do a little… just gonna do this. Just gonna have this done. No, youre not. Youre not. What, are you just gonna wax the Fender on your car then thats it, and the rest of it looks all shitty? Well, maybe Ill just do the hood. And maybe Ill do the back. Thats how it happens. Then you look like one of those real housewives… Face all twisted up. Fucking idiots. Hey, do I look…  [laughter] yeah, theyre idiots! Do I look like Im in my 20s? No, you look weird. You look fucking weird. You still look like youre in your 50s. I just cant guess what year anymore because Ive never seen that year. Ive never seen that shiny fucking look. Its almost like you discovered a new age between 52 and 53. Yeah. People, theres nothing wrong with being 52 and looking 52, all right? Youre 52. You didnt get fucked. [Applause] Yeah. What would you rather be… 52 and look 52 or be 52 and look like a 28-year-old lizard? All right? Thats your options at this point. [Laughs] You know whats really… like actually embarrassing is that the face-lift… thats predominately a white problem. Have you noticed that? Ive never seen a black person with a face-lift ever other than like the Jacksons. But theyre all out of their minds, right? Cause their dad made em rehearse all day and sleep in the fireplace. Like jamming all nine… Get in there, you bastards! No hugs, no kisses. His face permanently twisted up from 50 years of screaming, Sing, motherfucker! Its understandable with them. [Laughs] Hey, do you know why so many whities need face-lifts? I love that word. Im trying to bring it back. I love it, its funny. Whitey! You know why? Do you know why so many caucasians need face-lifts? Cause we dont know about lotion. See that? Only half of you laughed. That shouldve been everybody. Yeah, but a lot of you were sitting there like, Well… What about lotion? What is this lotion you speak of, and what is the magic therein? Just to put it out there, you can use lotion on other parts of your body besides your dick. Yeah. If you ever wondered why your dick still looks brand-new but the rest of you is starting to look like an aging pirate, its cause you need to increase the circumference of the lotion distribution. All right? You got skin everywhere. Go home. Check yourself out. The bottom of your feet look like a prehistoric riverbed. Thats not part of the natural aging process. Youre dried out. Im not judging you. Not judging anybody. I didnt know anything about lotion. Never used it the first 33 years of my life. Never used it. Till one night I was going out with this black girl, right? She was getting ready, and she was just putting that shit on everywhere. Just slathering it on. I thought she had, like, a rash or something. Im like, What, do you got, like, poison Ivy? Whats going on with you? She goes, No, Im just making sure Im not ashy. I said, Ashy? She goes, Dry skin. And I went, Oh! I guess I freaked her out a little bit, cause I was like, Oh! She was like, Well, white people get ashy too. I was like, Yeah, you know, I dont think we do. [Laughter] Yeah, I been alive for 33 years. No one has ever said, Hey, Bill, youre looking a little ashy. I never even heard that word until you said it. Shes like, Youre an idiot. Stick out your arm. So I stick out my arm, and ever so gently, she just drags her nails down. This smoke starts coming up. Its like pastry flakes flying off. Track marks. Shes signing her name. Shes like, You see that? She goes, Thats ashy. Youre ashy. Freaked me out. Im like, Holy shit, Im ashy! I didnt know anything about it. All I knew was that I always got itchy in the winter. Couldnt figure it out. Always got itchy in the winter. Why the fuck do I get itchy? I thought it meant the bath towel was dirty. Thats what I thought. And I would change it out and put a fresh one. Now Im gonna be okay. Take a shower. Dry off. Fucking itching again. God damn it, I hate the winter. See, thats why you gotta hang out with everybody. [Laughter] Yeah. Theres too much information in the world, and every group of people misses a little bit. White people totally missed the lotion seminar at some point in history. I dont know if its cause we cant see it, you know? Black people get ashy, it like looks like they, like, leaned up against a chalkboard or something, you know? They can see it! They miss it, their friends help em out. Like, Look at your ashy motherfucking elbow! What is wrong with you? Right? [Applause] We missed that shit the way black people missed the whole register your weapons summit. Right? Just never got the information. The amount of rappers whove been busted for the unregistered glock in the car just blows my mind. Its like, why would you do that to yourself? Do you just wanna make an album over the phone? Is that what it is? Is that, like, the new auto-tune or some shit? I dont know. It breaks my heart every time I see it. I just think, God, if he just had one white friend… If he just had one white friend in his entourage… Dude would have been sitting there going like, Is that thing registered? You outta your mind? Dude, get it outta there. Get it outta there. Yeah, its illegal! Thats, like, fucking three to five, mandatory! Dude, how do you not know that? Thats the question. How do you not fucking know that? This guys got an unregistered weapon in the car, and were just gonna go driving around with it. Its just… its just ridiculous! [Laughter] So see? There ya go, all right? You dont need a face-lift, okay? Lay off the booze. Do some cardio. Moisturize. Youre gonna be fine. Okay? Dont believe in these myths. Black dont crack. Its bullshit. They all put lotion on, like, every 20 minutes during the day. Its ridiculous! They all got a giant oil drum with the shit at home. Every morning, they wake up, they dunk themselves in it, shake themselves off, and walk out the door absolutely glistening! Glistening! White guys like me are walking around, no hat on… Uh, lets go sailing! Passing out facedown in the sand. [Laughs] Speaking of no boozing, man, I been really trying to clean up my act as far as that boozing thing goes. Just really been laying off it, you know? I dont know what it is. Your fucking head gets big as you get older, you know? You keep boozing, you start getting that big Alec Baldwin / John Travolta head. And you dont notice though, cause every day, youre brushing your teeth and youre seeing your head, and its just getting a little bit bigger. Keep drinking. Ill have another one right? Then one day you go to take that cell phone picture, and youre just, like, 6 inches in front of everybody else. You dont think its a big deal. Maybe you leaned in, cause youre feeling good, right? Then all of a sudden, you look at the picture. Its like, Fucking yeah! Whoo! Its like, I gotta lay off this shit. So Ive been trying to learn… learn how to fix shit around the house. Thats whats filling up all this time of just being sober. Thats brutal, dude. You have no idea how long a year is until youre stone sober. Its fucking brutal. So Im learning how to fix shit, right? My girlfriend doesnt like it cause she says I have a temper, you know? Shes like, You know, its just not that youre trying to fix things, its that you get frustrated, you punch the wall, the dog starts shaking. I just dont think its a good idea. You know, youre a comedian. You should tell jokes. Hes a plumber. He should plumb, right? [Laughs] Im trying to explain to her that losing your shit is part of the process of fixing something, right? Everybody does that. [Applause] Right? Yeah! You buy something at Ikea. You get halfway through putting it together. Youre like, Dude, where the fuck is the fucking… oh, there it is. There it is. There it is. Honey, I didnt see it. I didnt see it! Why, you wanna put it together? You wanna… well, then you put it together. You put together this fucking particle board piece of fucking shit. These instructions make no sense! I will buy another one! I will buy another one. Ill buy fucking five and smash four if I want to. Dont tell me what to do! Oh, go to your mothers. I dont give a shit. Jesus Ch… yeah, what story you gonna tell? This one, right? Not the part about how I pay all the fucking bills, right? How was that uncalled for? How was that uncalled for? I wasnt even talking to you! I was talking to the fucking thing! I was talking to the fucking thing! I know what I said. I know what I said, okay? You dont need to tell me. I know what I said, yes. I am working on it. I am working on it, all right? Look… look, you think I wanna be this guy? You think I wanna be the guy who flips out about the fucking tables? I dont, okay? This isnt who I am. This is who I became, all right? Im working through this shit. You didnt have to speak… well, you do shit too, okay? You do shit too. Well, I thought you were going to your mothers! [Laughter] No, its brutal. I hate having a temper, man. Its fucking embarrassing. You know? I dont know. Im sick of women trying… every girl I ever dates always trying to fix me. Gets annoying after a while, you know? Like youre not out of your mind with all your fucking shoes? Right? What is that all about? Im sick of this hypothetical perfect guy. Go get him. Go down to Applebees, let me know what you find. Okay? Ive had it. Im working, Im trying. You go down and you get this Mr. even-keeled all the time with his little fucking sport coat, right? You live with that guy for a while, you know? Hey, honey, Im home. How are ya? Traffic was crazy. Almost lost it, but thank god I had that book on tape, right? Gullivers travels. Always a classic. Always a classic. Thats the guy you want, straight across the board? Even in the bedroom, right? Always making love to you missionary style. I love you. Your hair is like an ocean. Never knowing you like to be flipped over and have your face mushed into the pillows, you fucking psycho, right? [Laughs] Naw, shes right. Shes always right. I do, I gotta work on it. I hate having a temper, you know? I dont know if its hereditary. I dont know if its part of the country Im from. Ive always snapped, you know? My dad was like that. My dads the greatest dude I ever met in my life, and he had a temper. Anytime anything broke in the house, five minutes into fixing it, he was bitching about his marriage. [Laughs] It was hilarious. Hed see something broke… Oh, Christ, will you look at that? Goddamn it, Billy, gimme that fucking screwdriver. I swear to god, I dont know what the fuck I ever got married for. 13 goddamn years of this shit. Youre a bitch, lady! You been a bitch for years. Give me the pliers. Yeah, most guys wouldve left by now! Most guys wouldve left by now! [Laughs] That was one of his catchphrases: Most guys wouldve left by now and You dont know how fucking good you got it, lady! [Laughter] Yeah, when I was a kid, I thought he was nuts. Then I got older, you know, started dating. I realized, Eh, this guys making a lotta good points. [Laughter, applause] Hes not expressing them in the healthiest of ways. I gotta be honest with you. Im kinda, like, jealous of the way my dad gets to talk to my mom sometimes, you know? Where are all those old-school women you can just take your day out on, you know? When did they stop making those angels who just knew it had nothing to do with them. Theyd just sit there, let you blow out the lines, right? What a luxury… Right? To fail all day, you come home and download all your insecurities on this other person. How was your day? How the fuck was your day? Im out here making decisions! Take these kids away from me. Get me a goddamn drink. Oh, with the tears! [Laughs] Then the bra-burning generation came in, right? Now you gotta sit there and listen to their stories all the time. Oh, its the worst. You know whats the worst? Is when theyre telling you a story and you wanna listen, but just what theyre talking about, you cant even retain it. So I was supposed to go out to lunch with Jennifer. Im all ready to do that. I show up. Shes there with Susan. She knows I hate Susan. I look like shit. Susans been going to the gym. I mean, at that point, your head is like a newborn baby. Youre trying to… Trying to hold it up, you know? You cant! Even if you try to pay attention, you cant. You just start staring at their mouth after a while, like, I cant believe it keeps coming out. This is fucking unbelievable. Like, rrhh-rrhh-rrhh rrhh-rrhh-rrhh. It starts fading off… Eehh-eehh-eehh-eehh-eehh… You start thinking about your own life, right? Whyd I take Nebraska giving 28? What the fuck is wrong with me? Its an away game. All of a sudden, her voice goes eehh-eehh…  it goes up, all right? Eehh-eehh-eet. Like, Aw, fuck. That was a question. [Laughter, applause] All right, now what do you do? Cant say yes. You cant say no. You gotta come with something neutral. Eh, what the fuck you gonna do? What are ya gonna do? It is what it is. You put one foot in front of the other, and, uh… Halftime adjustments. Uh… Got nothing. [Laughs] No. I dont wanna make my dad out like a psycho. My dads the best dude I know, man. But you know, I understand him, though. Hes like the exact opposite of me, you know? I planned out my life a little more, right? Thats why I never got married. Never thought about getting married. It just looked horrific. It looked really difficult. It looked like a lot of em failed. Then if you had a kid, you had that whole weird situation, right? You got this thing that half looks like you, half looks like somebody you used to love and now wanna slap the shit out of, right? Kids coming up to the walk. Youre like, Son, just look to the right a little. Let me just kinda…  But, dad, I wanna look at ya. [Laughs] Its brutal! My dad was the exact opposite. Fell in love, got married, just started having kids. Had five kids by the time he was 33. Pre-Oprah, pre-Dr. Phil, pre- chicken soup for the Holy fuck, I got five kids. I dont even know who I am yet. The pressure of that, feeding all those kids, man. Im telling you. Every three or four days, he would just snap. Just snap outta nowhere, you know? Can you pass the salt? Ah, you fucking bitch! What the fuck did I get married for, its bullshit! Boom! hed slam the door, have the car in third gear by the time he got it to the end of the driveway. Buh-buh-bah-bah! My mother would always do the exact same shit. Just lock the door behind him, turn around, look at the kids, and just be like… Sss. eesh! [Laughter] Now, hes just crazy. Hes just a crazy person. What is wrong with him? Eight hours later, hed show up. No apology. Shed have dinner ready. She messed it up, hed give her a rough time. Christ, you cooked the shit out of it! [Laughs] I dont know. I think Ill be a good dad, though. You know? [Laughter] I do. [Laughs] No, analyze it. Actually, its finally come to the point, I wanna have a kid, and I dont think its that hard. I dont. Part of me really believes that, and the other part is I just like pissing off people with kids, you know? Whenever you say shit like that… Dude, you have no idea how difficult it is! This is a great one to say. Well, I mean, I got a dog, I mean… You know? How much diff…  Dude, you cant even fucking compare it to a dog! Yeah, I can. I just did, and Ill do it again. Mines got four legs. Yours only has two. Go ahead. Yours bites someone, it gets a time out. Mine gets put down. Stakes are raised. No, I think I know. I think I know how to raise a kid. You know what it is? You just play catch with em. I think thats the big deal. Thats how you raise a kid. You play catch with em. And you just talk about life. You distract em by throwing the ball. They dont even notice youre filling their heads up with your theories. Right? You dont do it the old-school way the way your parents used to. Sit down across from you… You wanna tell me about your day? Did anybody offer you any drugs? You learning about sex? Youre like, Dude, youre fucking freaking me out! Trying to eat a pop-tart here right? No, you just take him in the back. You play catch with him. Thats it. You talk about life, right? Whats that, son? Ah, were not going to church today. Fuck that. Ah, its all a bunch of bullshit. Gods everywhere, but I gotta go down there to see him? Really? And hes mad at me down there, and I owe ya money? Go fuck yourself. Thats stupid. Its ridiculous. Its in here, all right? Its not down… its in here. They try to take it. Its in here. You do something good, you feel good. You do something bad, you feel bad, you know? Unless youre, like, a sociopath, then you dont feel shit, you know? Unless you got somebody duct-taped upside down in your apartment, you know? If you do something like that, I want you to feel like you can come to me, you know? Yeah, come to me. Confess all of that. Well go down to the precinct. Well tell them everything. Yeah, Im gonna turn you in. This isnt fucking Dexter. What are you, out of your mind? Gonna have some feel-good serial killer walking around. He only kills the bad people. [Laughter] Listen, I know your mother and I, weve been arguing a lot lately, all right? But you know I love her. I love her to death, okay? Its weird. I love her to death, but when I watch her eat toast, just wanna… I just wanna choke her. I dont know what it is. Its the routine… right, left, then the middle. Why dont you just fold it in half and fucking eat it? You know what I mean? Its unreal, you know? Thats when you know, you know, you met the right one. When you wanna slap the shit out of them, but you dont. You know? You wanna leave, but you dont. Theres something about em… You just cant fucking leave. Right? So dont settle down till you meet one like that. Thats when you know. Till then, you dont put a condom on, you know? Just bang as many as you can so you dont have a midlife crisis. Thats what you do. Dont tell your mother Im telling you any of this shit either. [Laughing] [Cheers and applause] Yeah. Thats my, uh… Thats my game plan. You know, I do have a dog. That doesnt count for anything? Never understood that, you know? I love my dog, but, uh… Ive learned a lot being a dog owner, man, you know? Any dogs a good dog unless youre a psycho. You know? I got a pit bull. Its still a great dog, unless youre a fucking psycho. And evidently, Im a psycho, because my dog has been… just been a complete maniac over the last, like, six months, you know? I didnt realize that dogs feed off your vibes, you know? Like if youre chillin, theyre chillin, you know? If youre sleeping, theyre sleeping. But if youre a psycho like me and youre screaming at the ref on TV, being like, Dude, you gotta be fucking kidding me! I didnt realize the dog was over in the corner being like, Yeah, you gotta be fucking kidding me. This is bullshit! I dont know what this guys mad at, but I love this guy! This guy feeds me… Is it the door? Are ya mad at the door? [Laughter] Yeah. I had no idea I was amping this dog up. Im so selfishly in my own world. Id be like on the computer, itd crash. Oh, really? Really?! Dogs over in the corner with, like, a chew toy. [Growling] I never noticed, like, that game-seven look she was gettin on her face. And one day, I amped her up too much, had no clue, and I went outside. We were just walking down the street, and some poor bastard comes the other way and the dogs like, Thats that motherfucker! Aaaahhh! Lunges at this guy! I had to pull her back. Im like, Dude, Im sorry, man, Im sorry. Shes never done anything like that right? Looking down at the dog like, Whats wrong with you? Dogs looking up at me like, Huh? I got that son of a bitch, didnt I? I love you! You feed me. I got you. How the hell did you see him that far away, man? Your ears must be better than mine… its unbelievable. Right? Then I got nervous. I got nervous around my own dog. I started thinking, Fuck, are pit bulls really like this? Do they just go psycho? Man, this is nuts right? Thats another bad vibe to have around your dog, cause they pick up on that vibe, right? This dude comes walking down the street, and I immediately just start thinking like, Oh, shit, she gonna do it again? Oh, shit, oh, shit. Dog just looks at me like, Oh, shit, what? Oh, shit, what? Him? Him, him? Rrraaaah! Runs at another guy. Gotta pull her back. Jesus Christ, Im sorry! Looking down at the dog. Dogs trying to chest bump me and shit, right? Dude, it got so bad one day, she almost ate a landscaper, right? Yeah! so Im like, I gotta take this thing to a trainer, man. So I load it up in the Prius and I drive over there, right? [Laughter] Yeah, I have a Prius. Go ahead, judge me. I love that shit. If you have a Prius, people… you know? You cant win. You got a truck with a big lift kit… people, Oh, its probably cause he has a little dick. How come its not cause he has a dick down to the floor? Maybe thats why he needs all that clearance, right? [Laughter] You know? [Laughs] And if that means you have a little dick, then if I have a Prius, doesnt that mean I have a huge dick, right? Cause according to my friends, it means Im a fag, right? Anyways… Let me towel off here for a moment. So I fucking take this dog down to this trainer, right? And I show up, got the dog in the back. Trainer comes out. Hes got his hat on backwards, hes got stubble, you know? Big, large cargo pants, you know? All shorts on and stuff and Im thinking, This guys a psycho right? And I look at my dog, my dogs, like, sizing him up. Im like, This is perfect. He can handle her. So the guy goes, All right, when you hand this dog to me, make sure you got the leash totally taut like that, all right? Dont have any slack in it. I said, No problem right? And somehow I fucked up. I left a little slack in it, and this dog just lunged right at the dudes balls. Right? And just barely missed him and just got a big mouthful of his big cargo shorts, right? And immediately he just grabs her and goes, All right, get outta here! Get outta here! Right? But instinctually, I tried to help out. He just goes, Get the fuck outta here! Yeah, I didnt realize that the only reason why the dog was acting like that was because I was there and it felt like it needed to protect me. So the second I left, the situation immediately just became awkward, right? Dog was just sitting there like, [valley accent] Okay, like I thought were, like, together and we were, like, friends, and you were some bad guy, and all of a sudden, he just drove away, and I dont know how to feed myself. You wanna be friends? Yeah, I come back four days later. The dogs laying at the guys feet, right? Hes rubbing her belly. Shes reaching up, playing with his goatee and shit. And he goes, Go ahead, have a seat. Why dont you, uh, take me through your day with this dog. Immediately, I started getting, like, this first 48 vibe, right? Like theyre coming at me. So I got like defensive. Im like, What do you mean? I take it for a hike every morning. He goes, Thats good. Thats good. Anything, you know, special happen on the hike? Im like, Well, I dont know. She takes a shit. I pick it up. Hes like, All right. Easy. You play any games with her? I go, Yeah, at the end of the hike. I let her, you know, for reward for going on the hike, I let her run up the stairs by herself. I go, Go on, Cleo! I let her run up the stairs, and I count 5-1,000, and then I run up there, and then we start wrestling. Put her in a headlock. Sweep her front legs. Haaaah! Right? But her tails wagging, you know? Shes not growling. I go, Thats a good thing, right? Hes like, No, its fucking horrible. Im like, Why? He goes, You just taught your dog to claim the house and then fight for it every fucking day after the hike. No wonder this things trying to attack the mailman, you know? So then I got upset. Im like, Wait a minute, dude, youre telling me, like, I cant even play with my dog? Hes like, No, you can play with it, but you gotta bring that energy back down. The problem is you keep amping this thing up, getting that Mike singletary look on his face. Then by the time you walk out, doesnt matter if youre relaxed… mentally, the dog is like walking through the tunnel at the Rose bowl like, this is what we play for! somebody hit somebody!' Yeah, so Im actually learning to control my temper because of a fucking pit bull. So… I dont know. My girls been bugging me lately. Shes ready to settle down. I think Im ready to settle down, too, you know? I got the want. I know I been saying this shit for years. I have been, you know? Shes great. The only thing I dont like is shes really into reality TV. She watches all those dumb shows. Put ten whores in a house, somebody tries to find a wife. Right? She watches fat people cry about fudgsicles. Just blubbering their eyes out. Sometimes I dont even open the wrapper. I just start eating, and then I get down to the stick, and I know I should stop cause its made out of wood. She sits there crying right along with em. Ah, throw yourself in the river, you fat fuck. Ah, she gets so mad at me. Look, I dont put on TV to cry. I like to be entertained. I love when they fall on the treadmill and go flying into the drywall. Its like some modern-day medieval weapon! I love it! All those horrific shows. Biggest fights we have, she watches, uh, intervention. – Yeah. – Thats, uh… you like that? Oh, my god, its so awesome watching a family completely fall apart. [Laughs] What is entertaining about that? When they have that classic before picture, the pre-meth picture… She was so beautiful. She was the prom queen. Everybody loved her. Then they cut to her, like, laying in, like, a gutter… Ill suck your dick. Ill suck your dick. Ill suck your dick. [Laughs] No, we have these huge battles. You know what the maddest she ever got at me was? One time she was watching this show. It was like a poor excuse for The View, and they started talking about domestic violence, right? For the 9 millionth time this year, theyre talking about domestic violence. Just in case, you know, you didnt get the memo, you know? Evidently, you know, just some people didnt get it. Its not okay to slam your wifes head into the cupboard drawers because she didnt dry the can opener off properly, you know? Its gonna fuckin rust! Right? How do you not know not to do that shit? Do they really have to keep talking about it? Who… who… its like wife beaters are watching… Oh! Fuck! Ah! Now I get it. Upsy-Daisy, sweetheart. Here we go. There ya go. Oh… So at the end of the hour, they come to the logical conclusion. Theyre like, [effeminately] There is no reason to hit a woman. There is no reason to hit a woman. And I was just like, Really? I could give you, like, 17 right off the top of my head. You could wake me from a drunken stupor, I could still give you, like, nine! Dude, theres plenty of reasons to hit a woman, you just dont do it. But to sit there and suggest that theres no reason… Dude, the level of ego behind that statement… What are you, levitating above the rest of us? Youre never annoying? Women, how many times have you thought about slapping your fucking guy in the head this week? – Every day! – There ya go! Every day. [Applause] You didnt do it, right? Oh, dude, it drives me nuts. Theres no reason. Theres no reason. Really? No reason? How bout this? You marry a girl, you fall in love, you buy her a house. You go to work every day, paying off the house. You come home one day, shes banging the next-door neighbor, hands you divorce papers. You gotta move out, sleep on a futon, and still pay for that house that shes gonna stay in. No reason? [Laughter] Im not saying you should do it, but theres plenty of fucking reasons in that arc of a story. All right, that was a hypothetical. You want an actual story? Ill give you one. Ill give you one. All right, I fucked up my foot playing drums, trying to get my bass-drum foot as fast as John Bonhams, cause I figure thats a good thing to focus on. 43 years of age, never married, no kids. I figure this is gonna lead me to the light, right? This is what I need to do. [Applause] So I dont know what I did. I felt like… I played for, like, an hour, and afterwards I felt like, literally, like there was some midget stabbing me in the bottom of my foot, right? Like I had lightning coming out of the bottom of my foot. So I did the typical guy thing: Im not going to the hospital. Ill sleep it off. Ill be fine right? Next morning, I wake up, my foots even worse and I gotta walk my crazy dog. So Im like, I cant do it. My foots killing me. So I wake up my girl. I go, Wweetheart, sweetheart. Can you do me a favor? Can you do me a favor? Can you walk the dog for me? Can you just take the shift? Ill do your afternoon shift. Can you just do me this solid? Can you do this for me? Shes just like, Ohh… You know, I had a late night last night. Im tired. I have a big day. And I just go, Fuck it. She goes, What do you mean, fuck it? Its like, Why cant you just say no? Why do you always gotta, like, waterboard me with, like, a 20-minute explanation that eventually winds its way around to go fuck yourself? Just say no! So Im just limping out of the room. Whatever. Go back to bed. You got a big day, right? So now Im, like, limping down the street. I got, like, tourettes. Fucking goddamn bullshit! Dogs walking next to me… Bbbrrr! Rrrr! Brrr! Rrrr! I gotta admit, I got a little childish. I did. I got a little childish, you know? I was just thinking about my relationship. Im like, This is the relationship Im in? Youre just gonna do whatever the hell you wanna do, all right, and fuck me? Fine. Im gonna do whatever the hell I wanna do. I feel like listening to my iPod on full blast walking around the house. Thats what Im gonna do. So thats what I did. Turned it all the way up, and I just… my whole plan was just to walk by her like I didnt even know her. That was it. She came down the hall. I just ghosted her. Just walked right past her. Just trying to piss her off. And I gotta tell you something, worked like a charm. Worked like a charm. Yeah, hung my coat up, turned around. By the time I turned around, she was already yelling at me. But the music was so loud, not only could I not hear her, it actually looked like she was singing the song that I was listening to. Oh! Its one of the highlights of the relationship. So I knew what she was saying. I was like, Whatever. I dont wanna talk about it. Leave me alone. Im going on to the computer. Right? So I limp over and I sit down, and unbeknownst to me shes like, No, were gonna talk about this right now. Comes up… poom! And slaps the headphones off my head. I got big ears. It fuckin hurt! So Im like, Honey, leave me alone. I dont wanna talk about it. Put the headphones back on. She comes right back up again. Poom! slaps em off a little harder. This time, they spin halfway around my head. Caveman DNA starts coming up. Talking through my teeth. Honey, leave me alone. Dont wanna talk about it. Right? Put em on. Third time she comes up… poom! Slaps em right across the room, and I snap. Im like, Fine, you wanna have the fight, lets fucking have the fight. Shes like, We will discuss this later when you calm down. Oh! right there! I just wanted to roll her up in her yoga mat and stuff her behind the couch. Just leave her there till she got thirsty. Come on, let me outta here. I-I have a spin class. Youve made your point. This is ridiculous. No, thats the thing. Really is. Thats the thing. I hate that, saying theres no reason. Obviously, Im not saying to hit a woman, you know? But saying theres no reason, I think thats crazy. [Laughter] When you say theres no reason, that kills any sort of examination as to how two people ended up at that place. If you say theres no reason… whooh… you cut out the buildup, youre just left with the act. How are you gonna solve it if you dont figure it out? Look how awkward it is in here right now. [Cheers and applause] I said you shouldnt hit a woman. Im just saying, how come you cant ask questions? You can only ask questions about what the guy did. You can never ask about the woman. Why is that? Why is that? What is that? Answer him right. What does Answer him right mean? What does that mean? Are you the idiot who got up halfway through the special, during the bit, and youre, like, walking around like Im not fucking taping a special here? Whats wrong with you? Whats wrong with you? [Applause] Fucking had to ignore all of that, and now youre gonna, like, yell out, and not only that, yell something that makes no fucking sense whatsoever? Answer him. Answer him. [Scattered tittering] Every fucking special I do, theres always one! Always, right down the fuckin middle. Talking about hitting women, sweetheart, and I think you just added another reason. [Cheers and applause] Jesus fucking Christ. I love this. Im not even in a relationship with her, and shes fucking nagging me. [Laughter] Fucking unbeliev… uhhh uhhhh ehhh ehhh ah! [Scattered laughter] Look, I understand hitting a womans a bad thing, okay? How come you cant fucking ask questions? I just dont understand. Like, if I get bit by a rattlesnake, wouldnt you guys have some questions, right? How did it happen? Did you not see it? Were ya fuckin with it? How did a snake get so mad, it almost killed ya? Firemen put out a fire, they dont just drive away afterwards. They sift through the debris. How did it start? Heres an oily rag. Right? Look, I realize Im coming off pretty ignorant right about now. I realize that. Let me extend an olive branch then, okay? I realize that theres some animal guys out there, okay? Horrible guys, you know, have a rough day at the factory, come home… Tuna casserole?… and just start swinging, all right? Im not trying to say that those people dont exist. I realize they exist. They should be buried underneath the prison, okay? So if I can admit that, ladies, can you at least admit that every ass-kicking doesnt just fall out of the fucking sky? Really? Even hockey has two minutes for instigating, right? They understand that some back and forth happened before that shit… you know? You know what it is? Its every case is handled like that Rihanna one where they just say the guys a piece of shit, fuck this guy, blah blah blah, send him to jail, and then they never ask anything about that. You know, Im not saying he should have done it. But Im just saying… Im just saying! Dude, in your heart of hearts… What do you think was going down before that happened? You think she was just sitting there going, Oh, my god, Baskin Robbins. You wanna get some ice cream? [Muttering] Ah… fuckin… You know? Or do you think maybe they were having some epic end-of- the-relationship fight and some crazy shit was being said. Maybe she was screaming in his ear some crazy female shit like, Ill fuck all your friends! I dont give a fuck! Maybe thats why I sell more albums than you, motherfucker! Right? To be fair, she could have just been sitting there going, I need a tissue… do you keep those in the glove box? Oh, my god, Ill bring my own! Ill bring my own! No, fuck that. Cause you know what it is? They never address how women argue, which I think is a core of a lot of that shit, you know? And I gotta tell you something, man. Like, I never knew how women argued, but after 20 years of losing every significant battle in a relationship, I finally figured out how they argued, and Im gonna tell you something. Im starting to turn this franchise around. [Laughs] I have begun a winning tradition. This is how they argue, as far as I can tell, all right? If theyre right, they argue the point, and they stay on point and make sure you stay on point until youre down on your knees apologizing, begging for forgiveness, all right? No problem with that. Totally respect it. But heres the thing… if theyre wrong, they go rogue. They go off-road. They start thinking of shit youre sensitive about, maybe you dont get along with your dad, and in their head, they just start concocting this evil statement… Totally designed. This desperate, hail-Mary attempt to make you so fucking mad you just call em a cunt. Its what it is. And cunt trumps all the bullshit they did to start the argument. Now its not about that… Well, thats no reason to call me a cunt! And then thats it. Youre in this room now, right? My girl knows my big thing is… my big fear in life is to be that dude who grows old, you know, grows old alone, has, like, that basement apartment, just screaming up at the younger couple, Turn it down! That isnt music! So I noticed that anytime she was losing a fight, out of nowhere shed just be like, Well, thats why youre just gonna grow old and be alone and then Id… aaaah! Id lose my shit. The next thing you know, Im in the kitchen, washing dishes for the ninth fucking time in a row. This is what the argument was about. I was so right. What happened? So if you learn anything from my ignorance tonight, just know this… next time youre in a battle with your beautiful woman, your wife, girlfriend, whatever, and they start… out of nowhere, okay? Youre winning, and they just start saying that crazy shit out of nowhere. Just know in that moment youve won the fight, okay? All right? Dont get mad. Bob and weave, slip all of that shit. Maybe cause you got a little dick! Just let that slide. Stay in the pocket of the argument. Okay? its over. The argument is over. Youve won. Just take a knee and run out the clock, all right? [Applause] Yes! Lean on the ropes. Let em punch themselves out. And then in the end, you throw their psychology right back at em. Well, maybe we should discuss it later when you calm down. And they wont hook up with you for a couple of days. Who cares? Who cares? You rub one out. Rub one out like a man. Its the champagne of victory. [Laughter and applause] No, thats what Ive learned. I finally learned to, like, keep my cool in my relationship. Happened a couple years ago, right? Me and my girl had this big argument one day, right? Actually, you guys wanna hear a story? You wanna hear about the time my girl punched me in the face? – Yeah! – On her birthday? Ya wanna hear that one? [Audience whooping] This is what happened. To be… [Laughs] If Im really honest, the fight started, like, three months earlier. Its, like, the middle of march. Were just driving around, you know. Since she sees this clothing store, shes like, Oh, my god. I didnt know they had one of those out here! We need to stop and go in there. So I… fuck it. Lets go in there. I walk in, immediately I see its one of these stores that doesnt have any chairs. I know what theyre trying to do. Im gonna be standing right next to her, and when she likes something, I gotta buy it. I dont give a fuck. Im not playing that. I go over and I sit down underneath a mannequin. Got like the dress hanging in my hair. Sir, you cant sit there. I dont give a fuck. Looks like Im doing it. Looks like Im doing it, right? [Laughs] So unbeknownst to me, she finds some sweater that she likes, right? Some ridiculously priced… like, 400 bucks or some shit like that, right? So she knows… Its not her birthday, none of that crap. She cant ask me for it. So now shes gotta go into manipulation mode. What do I use, what do I use? Do I be sad, do I pout? Do I use sex? Cant do that. You know what she went with? She went with the little girl. All right, she just came out, and shes just like… [Laughter] Im like, Whats up? Shes like, [pouty] Saw something that I liked. [Laughter] And I just wanted to be like, Well, then why dont you fucking pay for it? Ha ha ha! So she goes over and she shows it to me, right? And Im like, Its 400 bucks. She goes, Can you get it? I go, No. Im not doing that. Fuck that. Its not your birthday. Its not Valentines day. Its march. What, do I get you that for St. Patricks day? Get the fuck outta here. Im not doing it. [Laughs] So then what happened, were driving home, and somehow she manipulated the argument… not that she asked for the sweater and not that I said no… it was the way I said no, right? Got in this huge argument. Got so mad by the time we got back to the house, I just told her to get out, Im driving away. So I just drove away in the Prius… whoosh. Right? So I was so fucked up about it, I had to call my sister up, right, call her up to get a female perspective. Shes laughing her ass off going, You took all the bait. Youre an idiot. I go, What do I do? She goes, Why dont you go back down to the store and just buy the sweater, hold onto it, and give it to her a few months later for her birthday? And Im like, Fucking genius! Genius! I hate the pressure of the birthday, all her friends… [Effeminately] So… What are you getting her? What are you gonna get her? Fucking sweater, bitch. Bam! Thats it. Got it. All right? Fast-forward three months. Its her birthday, right? Im laying in bed, she wakes up, she wanted to go to some restaurant that night. Shes like, Did you make the reservations? Im like, I havent made em yet, but well, you know, well be good, right? She starts freaking out. What do you mean? Its my birthday. What do you mean you didnt make… didnt make the reservations? Im like, Wweetheart, its a Tuesday in the middle of a recession. Im sure theres gonna be a table right? So she starts freaking out. In the back of my head, Im like, I got this sweater. Im good, right? So the more she yells at me, the funnier it becomes to me, but like an asshole, rather than laughing to myself, I sort of snickered out loud, right? Sort of giggled a couple times, and she just snapped, like, Are you laughing at me? Are you laughing at me on my birthday? And then the more she yelled, the more I laughed. The more I laughed, the more she yelled, and it was just this vicious fucking thing all the way up, right? She got all the way to the point she was standing at the back door going, You gonna laugh at me on my birthday? Fuck you! Boom! Slams the door. Duh-duh-duh-duh. Runs down the stairs. At that point, Im literally in the fetal position, like, dying laughing, walking towards the bathroom. Then all of a sudden I hear, buh-buh-buh-buh-buh! She came back up the stairs. And Im not gonna lie to ya, I got a little scared for half a second. Nah, I did. I was in my underwear, I was feeling vulnerable. She comes flying into the bathroom, and the second I saw her face, I knew she was gonna hit me. Right? And Im such an asshole, I actually have a game plan for when a womans gonna hit you. Like thats how many women Ive pissed off in my lifetime. I actually know its going down. This is how it is. Most women, theyre flailers. All right, unless they had some sort of MMA training, then youre on your own. Youre probably gonna catch a few, right? But most of them are flailers. Most are right-handed. So you gotta guess overhand right. Thats the first thing you gotta guess. So you get down in the pocket, right? That overhand right comes in. Bam! You catch that wrist. Second the rights coming, you know the lefts coming. Bam! You catch that one. This is the crucial moment. Second you got the right, the next, then you got the left, immediately, you gotta step back, and you gotta go like this. [Cheers and applause] Cause shes gonna try to kick you right in the balls. As she kicks you, then you spin em around, tuck your head down low, cause they will try to headbutt you, and then you just use the weight of your torso to slowly bring em down to the floor as you whisper sweet things: Oh, look at the tiles. Remember you picked those out? They go so well with the wallpaper. Right? [Applause] But she tricked me. She came into the bathroom. She invented this new punch. She didnt throw a right. She didnt throw a left. She came up with this two-fisted… I called it, like, the defibrillator, right? She caught me in the shoulder and, like, in my appendix, just fuckin… wham! Like that. Almost went flying back into the bathtub. And I caught myself, and shes all ready for me to take the bait and flip out. I didnt. I just remained calm. I was just like, Sweetheart… I think you need to go to work now. She didnt know what to do. She was like…[Panting] And she just walked out. All right? Went down to the car, drove to work. I walked out in the kitchen. I got some cheerios. Sat down and started watching sportscenter. [Laughs] Fucking three minutes later, all of a sudden the phone rings. All right, pick up the phone and I just hear her going, [stiffly] Hi. Okay. things got a little crazy. Im like, A little crazy? You almost split my head open in the goddamn tub. Im sorry, Im just… Im passionate. Thats what they say when they start swinging. Im passionate. I just have so much love for you… I try to cause you to have a seizure. I dont know. Im good at this. I fuck up my personal life all the time now. I really do, you know? Im afraid to get married, man. Why would… as… what man wouldnt be afraid to get married at this point? Look at Kobe. Look at the shit hes going through right now. All right? Guys getting a divorce. His wifes gonna get 70 million bucks. Never hit a layup in her life. You know? Can anybody explain… These divorce settlements? Can anybody make sense of these fucking things? Tiger Woodss wife… $250 million! Shes a babysitter worth 1/4 of a billion fucking dollars! Somebody, go ahead… somebody explain… justify it. Justify it. What, what? He cheated on her? I dont give a fuck! Yeah, I dont give a fuck. He cheated on her. Great. The relationships over right then. Kobe cheated, right? Shouldnt that relationship have been over right then? Why did she hang around like some jaded cop for three years, trying to get her fucking pension, right? Get that ten years in? [Laughs] I dont know. Maybe thats too harsh. That shit bothers me, man. Dude, there is an epidemic of gold-digging whores in this country. [Laugher, applause] And every night I put on the news, and Im waiting for someone to address it. Every night. Never see it, you know? And every night I bring up gold-digging whores, and the whole crowd pulls back like Im up here talking about bigfoot, right? Like Im saying the moons made out of cheese or something. Talking about whores, people! Theyre everywhere! How many? How many more great men are gonna get chopped in half before we do something? Why is it so quiet in here? [Laughter] Goddamn! I dont get it. What is it… women, do you think Im calling you… Im not calling any woman here a whore, okay? So dont pull back. Thats not fair, okay? If you brought up wife beaters, I wouldnt… uhh… pull back. I get it. Theres guys hitting women. They need to be stopped. We gotta understand that gold-digging whores are the wife beaters for men. Yeah, they are. Except we dont have that Rihanna lumped up photo in the end, so its not obvious. Its in the eyes. Its in the lines in your face. Its in Mel Gibsons high-pitched voice on the answering machine: I had to give up my laker tickets! Right? That is the sound of a man being taken for everything hes got. I gotta tell you, Im envious of women, okay? Im not saying your problems get solved, but at least theyre taken seriously. You know? You got 1-800 numbers, you got ribbons, theres groups. People give a shit. Anything happens to a guy, its just considered funny. Some woman cut her husbands dick off, threw it in the garbage disposal, and turned it on. People thought it was hilarious! They were, Ahhhh! Hey, stumpy! Nobody cares. Do you think if a guy removed a womans titty and threw it in the dryer, anybody would be joking about it the next day? The entire country would grind to a halt. Thered be a moment of silence. The NFL would have some special-colored headband everybody had to wear for an entire month. The most effeminate color they could possibly come up with. All my heroes are going down. Arnold Schwarzenegger. Another great man. Another great man. Taken down by that gold-digging whore of a maid hes got. And Im not saying hes not a piece of shit for doing what he did… it was a piece of shit move… but how come only he got chastised? What about the maid? Why was she called the maid that entire story? She was never called a whore. Ever. Just boggles my mind. She knew his wife, first-name basis. Played with their kids, fucked her husband in their own goddamn bed. Thats right down the checklist… first ballot hall of fame whore. Right there. [Applause] Never. Why do you think she hooked up with him? Because of that 1987 flattop hes still rockin? The giant space between his teeth I could put this mic cord through? Or do you think maybe its all that Kindergarten Cop money laying around the goddamn bedroom? Oh, its awful. Its a horrific thing to see as a guy… watching guys go through that shit, you know? And then theres no sort of examination of it. They just go, Ah, hes an idiot. Eh, hes stupid. That guys stupid? If that guys stupid, what the fuck am I, right? Ha. Does it even make sense? Why would you do that? Why would you accomplish all that and then fuck it up hooking up with one of the ugliest human beings Ive ever seen in my life? Im not saying Im a prize. Im just saying, you know? [Scattered titters] Its gotta be something beyond that, right? You know what I think it is? I think it comes down to the way he talks, you know? [Grunting gibberish with accent] That dude should be unloading trucks in Transylvania. That should have been the height of his success. But because hes a great man, he had the balls to move to America, became famous for lifting weights. I lift weights. Nobody gives a shit. He lifts weights… Aah, aah, aah! Becomes super famous. Did he rest on his laurels? No. Next challenge: Im gonna become an actor despite the fact that nobody can really understand me. Against all odds, he starts making movies. Get down! Theres a bomb. Get out of there! [Laughter] Becomes one of the biggest blockbuster stars of all time. What are you gonna do next, Arnie? I think Ill marry a Kennedy. Theres no fucking way you can do that. Bam! he does it. Cherry on top. Im running for governor of a state I cant even pronounce, and he wins the election. Why wouldnt this guy think he couldnt bang his maid in his own bed and get away with it? This dude has been in the zone for over four decades! Four decades… nothin but net. Bang a maid in my own bed? Dude, thats a layup. Are you serious? I had a hit movie with a midget. I dont even need a condom. [Silly voice] Uhhh, uhhh, uhhh, uhhh! Right? And then what happens? The smoke clears. Then all these trolls come out of the woodwork and start judging this great man. All these fatties, these fucking old guys who never got any with their jowls. Coming on TV… [blubbery voice] Absolutely reprehensible behavior. What kind of a public servant… His legacy is…  [Gibberish] [Laughs] Like they have any idea what its like to be tempted at that level, right? Like they have groupies as they waddle out to their Mercury Tracer parked on the other side of a dumpster. Really? Youre beating them off? This guy, hes not a great man anymore? Terminator doesnt count? Is that what the fuck youre telling me? Cause he fucked Alice? Really? Hes still not a great man because he did that, then the whole things over? Anybody here think they could move to Austria, learn the language, become famous for working out, then be a movie star, then marry into their royalty, and hold public office? How many lifetimes would you need… Im on my third attempt at Rosetta Stone Spanish. All right? How can I judge these guys? I can barely handle the temptations of Facebook. Im gonna judge Tiger Woods? I golf. I dont walk off the 18th hole, and theres a busload of Scandinavian women waiting to fuck my brains out. Sorry, ladies, gotta go home to the wife right? No, it kills me. And theres no help out there for guys. There isnt. Theres nothing out there to help you handle becoming rich and famous. Theres nothing to prepare you for that platoon of whores thats gonna form on the horizon, right? Like Braveheart… faces painted, skirts on. Well run down the hill. Theyll jump on your dick in front of your wife. They dont give a shit. Theres not even a handbook out there. I saw one article written about it on the cover of Time Magazine. It said, Why do so many rich, famous, and powerful men act like absolute pigs? Right? And the article was actually written by a woman. Thats like me writing a book, The third trimester and what to expect. Ladies, youre gonna feel a pressure… how the hell would I know? You dont wanna hear that from me, right? Then why is this woman telling me what its like to have a dick? That makes no sense. You have no idea what its like to have a dick. 24/7… Do it, do it, fuck it, do it. Thats what its saying. Do it, do it! Yeah, do it! Thats how we survived as a species. Every man in here is programmed to fuck 85% of the women in this room. Right? Yeah, we are. Do it, do it, fuck it, do it you know? Its just that you wont. Thats the only reason why we dont, you know? Thats not you keeping your dick in check, you know? Some guy at home depot, working there, he wants to fuck just as many women as a celebrity, right? But he cant do it. Cause whores dont care about lumber, right? [Laughs] But the second he hits the fucking lottery, all of a sudden that, Do it, do it, fuck it, do it you know, that wasnt affecting his life, then all of a sudden these whores show up… Ill do it, Ill suck it, Ill do it right? [Laughs] No, somebodys gotta step up, all right? Im not even blaming whores, really. Just… guys, were fucking idiots. What are we doing? Why are we working so hard and then giving it all away to some chick who did three shifts at a fucking Hooters, you know? Theyre fucking bums sitting there with fucking dorito dust in their cleavage walking around with hundreds of millions of dollars. Im sick of this. Thats what the law says. A hundred years ago, I could beat you with a fucking mop handle and be like, Thats what the law says. Doesnt make us right. No, its unreal. And all this shits going down, and were not doing anything. What are we doing? Same old shit. Sitting around watching shark week, right? Watching shit about poisonous snakes half a world away. Just filling your head up with all this useless information. What to do if you come face to face with a bengal tiger. Dont look at it, dont look away. Slowly back up as you push your friend forward. Right? All this useless information, yet hanging between your legs is this thing that could crumble your entire empire… seven minutes or less. Dont know a fucking thing about it. Even worse, you think its your friend. Yeah, you know why? Cause your dicks like a dreamer, you know? Your dick believes. Its like a motivational speaker. I dont give a shit what question you ask it. Its always like, Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Sounds like a plan! Exit strategy… later! Well be fine! Wheres your dick when you get caught, right? Its just slumped over like, Yeah, I thought it was a good idea. Yeah. You have to know that. Dude, if your dick was a third base coach, it wouldnt hold anybody up. Itd just be fucking waving people around. Everybody, go in standing up! You got it, you got it. Aw, shit, here she comes. Slide, slide, slide! All right, you guys were awesome. Thank you so much for coming out. I hope you had as good a time as I did. Thank you! [Cheers and applause] [Inaudible speech] [Crowd chatter]

DOUG STANHOPE@BEER HALL PUTSCH@2013@Recorded live at Dantes in Portland, Oregon We are downstairs in the Dantes green room in Portland, Oregon, shortly before we start taping the new special, beer hall putsch. Whats a putsch? Beer hall putsch. Whats that? It was Hitlers early failed attempt At overthrowing the German government in 24, where hed work everyone up into a lather in the beer hall with 1,500 people screaming about the government. He got them all to race out into the streets and, were going to take this shit over. And then a few people got killed, So he ran like a pussy. Because this is, like, ground zero of when we branched out to do our own thing, and its really cool-looking. We cant really play here because we have too big of a draw. So its nice to be able to film here. Its dark. Its creepy. It has a history with us. Its just… It has a good feel. And I fucking hate doing theaters. I wish all comedy specials were filmed in fucking 75-seaters, like old Lenny Bruce. Smoky room, low ceiling. This ones not real low ceiling, but its got the feel. Lets go drink. Some people say, yeah. I dont have to drink to have a good time. You go, okay. But that means you have to have a good time to have a good time. How do you pull that off? Just assume the universe knows its your Friday so some organic good time will swell out of the woodwork and appear at a certain time. You read the weekly and find the editors best bet and you email all your dumb friends in their cubicles, lets meet up. We found a local eatery thats well reviewed. It has vegan options for Sheila. Well meet there at 7:40. Where is Sheila? Shes late. Our sober good time starts in 40 minutes. Call her on her cell phone. Maybe we can order for her because we dont want to be late for our sober good time. It starts in… Maybe you came here tonight to have a good time without drinking. That means youre solely reliant on me being funny, which is a 50/50 shot at best in these waning years of my career. If I suck, youre fucked. All that sober good-time planning and the mapquesting and the finding the parking. And then I just… I was off. I was too fucked up that night, and I… Now the blames on you. I dont take those chances. I drink to have a good time. Its a failsafe. I take whatever mundane shit I was doing anyway, and I just start pouring booze on top of it. And within a short amount of time, its fantastic. Im talking to some shingle salesman in an airport bar, and hes showing me pictures of his dogs on his cell phone camera. And thats miss patsy and this is patriot. I call him patriot because I got him at 9/11 and… Within five drinks, that guys hilarious to me. Im hugging that guy on the way to his gate. Im swapping phone numbers. I have a problem? No, lady. I have a solution. You have a problem… With your sober good time. Ill feel like shit in the morning, but Ill know exactly why… Because I got hammered. You wake up, you feel like shit, you worry. Did I forget to take my omega-3s? My glands are swollen. Did I touch a toilet handle without sanitizing? Im not sure exactly. Well, you should have been drunk. And you just… you wake up and go, fuck. Itll go away by the afternoon. I did stop drinking Jagermeister as though it were some, like, miraculous life choice. I bragged to people when I stopped drinking Jagermeister, like Im doing bikram yoga now and eating tofu. Im still hammered all the time, But its not jager, which is just a shitty drink. At some point, I saw a clip of myself on stage yelling at the bar, drunk, hey, can I get a shot of Jagermeister? But I could see me. Like, in my head, Im young. But then I saw Im just an old fucking dude. And just the word Jagermeister coming out of your mouth is some desperate cry to be young again. And its like the old guys a silver-haired fox, but he still has two hoop earrings. And hes like, hey, ladies. Dont be that fucking dude. Just drink something clear. Cause… Jake LaMotta, the fighter, is a neighbor of ours in Bisbee, Arizona. He lives two blocks down. If you dont know Jake LaMotta, he was a fighter, a legendary fighter. The movie Raging Bull. Yes. No? Yeah? Robert De Niro. For you 22-year-olds, let me explain. Robert De Niro used to be an actor in the moving pictures. Yeah. One of his greatest roles was that playing Jake LaMotta in Raging Bull. It was a real guy thats our neighbor. And we never met him till, last year, A mutual friend brought him to the house to watch football. And were wicked excited. Like, fucking Jake LaMotta s coming here. And they brought him over. Hes like 91. Theres no Jake LaMotta left of the Jake LaMotta. So were all, like, happy. And they bring him in, and were like,  like, for a boxer, my age theyre fucked up, and hes twice that. So they bring him in. Hes fucking up… They have him by one elbow, 91 years old. And they plop it on the couch like an eggplant. And were like, Jake LaMotta s here. And hes got a trophy wife whos 30 years his junior, which means shes still in her 60s, so… The trophy is a bit tarnished at this point. Its no Stanley cup anymore. Its more of a bowling trophy. And shes a very sweet woman. She has all the characteristics of trophy wife. She has bleached blonde hair, And the 60-year-old tit job is forced up so the good parts are showing through the top. And you go… okay. And shes very sweet. And shes trying to distract from… Jake LaMotta doesnt know where he is. He doesnt know hes watching football. Hes confused on the couch. The only time he showed any cognitive recognition of his surroundings… I saw him scrambling with his cigarettes And fumbling and looking to the door like, who will walk me out so I can smoke? And I said, its okay, Jake. You can smoke in the house. And he went, thats how fucking deep cigarettes get you. Nothing else. He said,  then straight back to confusion. So his wife is very sweet. And shes talking to me and bingo. I cant believe weve lived here so long, And weve never met. And its so nice. And at some point, she says, you know, Jake and I are doing a play on Saturday night at the central school in old Bisbee. Wed love it if youd come. I wrote it myself, she says. Really? All by your little lonely? That fucking half-cadaver on my couch didnt chime in with some of his great ideas of how the script should be written for the arc of the story? And normally you would have to stun gun me, cattle prod me to get me into a play. Im not interested… until I spend an hour and a half with Jake LaMotta at my house. Thats gonna be live on stage? Im not missing this for the world. And we went, and it lived up to every awful expectation that we had. It was so tragic. She wrote it herself. Its called Lady and the Champ. And she wrote it, so thank god its mostly her. And she has an acoustic guitar, So shell tell some stories and anecdotes and then sing some show tune kind of things. ? In the corner stands a boxer and a fighter by his ? And youre like, god. And then they plop the champ out on the other side of the stage in a chair. And they sit him down. He still has no idea where he is. He still thinks hes watching football at my house. And his only job is to pepper the script with some one-liners and some shadow boxing. So occasionally, he stands up, I fought Sugar Ray so many times, I got diabetes. Which is not a bad line for a fucking 91-year-old boxer, except the champ forgets he already did the line. So moments later, he stands back up, I fought… in the middle of a song, I fought Sugar Ray. And they have to come out. They cant stage whisper to him because hes deaf as a stump. So they physically have to come out and push him back down in his chair and yell at him, not yet, champ! Wait till the end of the number, and then you do the… Okay? All right. And were in the back of the room fucking dying. Like its quiet, were having to bite our hands like children in church trying not to giggle. And… it was like seeing if Mr. Schiavo brought Terri Schiavo on the road as a song and dance act. ? Hello, my honey, hello, my baby ? ? hello, my ragtime ? Thank you! Terri and I will be selling merchandise after the show. Terri will lick your t-shirts for you to personalize them as a little souvenir of the great time we had tonight here. And as much as Im enjoying it for all the worst reasons, theres part of my head going, all right. How long before thats you? How many… Ive been doing this shit 23 years. How long? Ive taken a lot of shots to the head, Just like the champ. How long before that final synapse in my brain burns out that would have told me, dont do this anymore. Youre embarrassing yourself thoroughly. But I have my trophy wife, bingo. She doesnt want to get a real job, So shes just shoving me out on the stage. Go get em, champ. Jagermeister! Maybe it already happened. I dont know. Maybe Im… maybe this is being filmed to… dont do this anymore. I live every day of my life Like its my last day on earth, kids. And I really… Dont clap. You dont know how I live. That makes it even more sad and pathetic that I would willingly choose to spend any given last day on earth immobilized on a couch, sweating, watching a marathon of storage wars, completely content with that. Friends going, come on. Lets do something, man. Lets go out. I came all the way down. Lets go live life. Youre like, fuck you. I aint getting up. Ive had to piss for the last four episodes. My prostate is welded shut like a lug nut. And I dont give a shit. Im not getting up. I got to find out whats in that safe. Very important to find out after the commercial break what could possibly be in that safe. You guys all have interests and you do shit. And I dont. Yeah. Try doing nothing as long as me. I have house arrest on my bucket list just so I have an excuse for why I cant go do the dumb shit you like that I dont understand. Im sorry. Id love to see your friend play the flamenco guitar, but I got the anklet. Sorry. Go right back to watching fucking hoarders. I watch hoarders. I see shit I need. I do. Like they brought the yard sale into my living room And I just poke around. Im not following the dialog. Im just looking at their shit. Bingo, they have an orange microwave. Rewind it. Pause. Thats an orange mic… how do you get an orange microwave? Underneath the stack of the newspapers and the mummified cat is an orange microwave. Find it on Amazon. That might fill the void in my soul. Orange. Because thats… I dont even drunk dial people anymore because I have nothing to say. But I drunk eBay and Amazon. I buy shit when Im blacked out. Which is… Ebay is the worst, because if I get outbid, then I take it personal when Im drinking. Like you just fucking looked at my girlfriend weird. Outbid me? Im going to fucking outbid you. Yeah, Ill wait. Ill wait. Come on. Do it. Outbid me? Outbid you! Because you probably have kids. I dont. I dont have a lot of money, but every penny I have is disposable because I dont have children. I bought a shitty, cheap house On the Mexican border. My nut is 800 bucks a year in property tax. I could beg that. You? Youre gonna outbid me, eventually youre gonna realize, shit, my children have to go to college, and Im gonna realize, shit. I need a vintage pachinko machine in my house for some unknown reason. outbid you. You lose. Im a giant winner… Somehow. Way worse than drunk dialing, because drunk buying shit, you dont even remember you did it For five to seven business days. You walk out of your house, and ups is building some corrugated great wall of China outside. Like, what did I do now? What did you get yourself this time, Mr. Christmas in July? Miracle socks, as seen on TV. Actual purchase. I dont have circulation problems, But evidently when I drink on Ambien, thats some underlying fear I didnt even know I had, is deep vein thrombosis. Im going to die. Maybe thats why I never work Australia. That long flight could kill me with deep vein thrombosis. I have no fear of death, except I hate waiting for it. Just come on. I beat cancer. I never had it. Thats how I beat it. Like Ive… You survived it? I beat the fuck out of it, but by not getting it. Ive courted cancer every day of my life. I have done everything but fucking paid cancers taxi fare to my hotel. Wont show up. Thats beating it. You survived it, youre like tied. I get the number one seed in the bracket over you, survivor. Im a winner. But there is an afterlife, and if I can give you any hope in this show, I have definitive proof of an afterlife. I didnt get weird or go religious on you. Im not saying theres a god. I dont know what the afterlife entails, but heres the proof. My mother killed herself in 2008. Dont worry. This is a fun story. It was the best death you could ever be part of. She was dying of emphysema at 63. Her brain was still with it, but her… She was drowning in her own fluids. Shes being permanently water boarded by 45 years of Kool milds. She cant take it anymore. We knew it was gonna happen. When she made the call, I cant do it. Im like, all right, ma. Well do what we can. Im like, all right. Mas gonna kill herself. I dont know what to do. Like thats… Okay, we know its gonna happen, But when you say, were gonna do it, Im not gonna go buy you a fucking shotgun. Like, have fun, ma. So I dont know what to do. I dont kill people. Its just… Its not something, like, I fantasize about it. If my mother were Nancy Grace, Id have been all over it. Like I have plans. But my mother was a great person, so Im like, how do we do this right? So I called my lawyer. I have three lawyers. We have… Like, were jewed up big with lawyers in L.A. for this shit, all the camera people and recording contracts. Then I have my local Bisbee attorney that helps me with… like, I got married when I was 20 and I had 24 years of marital bliss, till I remembered, fuck. I never divorced that girl I drunkenly married in Vegas. Thats for another DVD. So he… But then we have our third lawyer, whos a comedy fan. Hes our, like wink-wink, nudge-nudge, Saul Goodman from Breaking Bad attorney. That he handles all the creepy shit, like when me and Andy are up late at night doing blow and thinking of… call Kirschner. See how much jail time we could… Could we go to prison if we actually did this? Hes that guy. So I called him, knowing hed hook me up with a doctor on the down low, as we say in the black community, as a black person. He gave me the number to a doctor. And I go, hey, my mothers gonna cash out, and I dont know what to do. He said, what do you have? I go, Ive got Xanax out the ass. On the border, you can get all the fucking Xanax you want. Hes like, thats no good. Thats anti-anxiety. Does she have hospice care? Yeah, she does. Then she should have morphine. Ma, you got morphine? Yeah, I got morphine. All right. Shes got morphine. We worked out the dosages and the milligrams. And he goes, if she has 30 of those, Thats enough to kill any human being on the planet. She had fucking 90. Like, okay. Were good. Okay. We never talked. Remember that. Okay, doc. So Im like, all right, were gonna do this. First of all, bring her to my house. Because she lived in 300 square feet of hoarder paradise. Old electric bills with spider webs all crammed… Like its depressing enough if youre gonna help your mother kill herself. But were gonna go to my house. Well tidy up, well… So we set her up with a hospital bed in the living room. She had been aa off and on for my whole life. She had, at this point, been four years sober. And Im like, youre not gonna kill yourself sober, right? You cant take those chips with you. Right? Shes like, yeah. Youre right. Why would I do that? Thats dumb. So she… In her heyday, She was a Black Russian drinker, So I set out a mini bottle of Ketel one and a mini bottle of Kahlua with her pills. For whenever youre ready. Let me know. We laid down ground rules. I said, ma, if youre gonna kill yourself, seriously, you cant do it on Sunday or Monday because thats football, and thats a dick move. If you can call your own time to leave this planet, dont do it during someone elses planned event. Dont be an asshole. And she did it the Saturday before football. That was great. She came in on Thursday. Saturday night, she goes, its time. And Im like, time for what? Like medication? No, its time. And like, fuck. This is real. So I wake up bingo. Like its going on. We start mixing up White Russians. She decided to make Black Russians White Russians Because she thought the milk would coat her belly better for taking all the pills. Like mother till the end. Do you have whole milk? I got skim. Skimll work. I just dont want to throw up the pills. Chicken soup for the suicide. It was so fucking… It was so sweet. So were whipping up drinks and… I didnt so much assist a suicide as bar back it. Like, Im in there mixing drinks Because were all drinking. We watch Bad Santa together, her favorite movie, together. She had a very dark sense of humor. I didnt come from nowhere. My mother used to review porn on the man show. She was fucking dark like us. So we watched Bad Santa, and shes trying to choke down these pills. She had a very hard time taking pills. So shes just gagging and just getting them down. So Im keeping a vague count. When she got around 30, a little over, Im like, ma, thats good. You dont need to do anymore. Youre fine. And she said, I dont want to take any chances. She was so scared of fucking up. She took all 90 morphine. The… Were sitting there in horror, going, youre wasting… Ma… They said 30 of those would kill any human being alive. You could leave 60 of them for me and bingo as our only inheritance other than the last 17-year-old blind cat you have, Georgia. Yeah, we could have 60 morphines to have spontaneous memorials For mother every year and again. Remember mom? Pop a morphine. Whoo! What a great lady. What a crazy old bitch. No. Hoarder till the end. All fucking 90. And then we fucked with her. I remember her last words as shes coming in and out. Because were just goofing on her as shes doing this, as shes fading in and out. I didnt even know if she would respond. She was just hammering cocktails, she… And shes laying there, half in, half out, with a White Russian on her chest that shed occasionally get to her mouth, and itd spill. You know when you come off the wagon, You hit it fucking hard. And its pretty bad when youre trying to keep up drinking with an 83-pound, 63-year-old woman. Aagh. And I go, wow. Youre really knocking those back, ma. And she goes, theres times to be dainty, and theres times to be a pig. And we all laughed. And this is mothers problem throughout her life. She was a funny lady, sporadically. But when she would get a laugh, she would just hammer it and over-tag it and repeat the joke. Like, just keep… I can keep getting a laugh off the same joke. And it would ruin the joke. And when we all laughed at theres times to be a pig, I saw her go into… Shes gonna… and I go, shut your fucking mouth. Those are perfect last words. Youre not gonna ruin this joke. Cut the mic on mother. And then we just roasted her as she fell in and out. We just did a friars club roast, making fun of her and making it a fun, dark suicide. Ma, wait. They found a cure. I love you, but fuck you. I was a bad mother. I love you, I love you. At one point, I remember I said, ma, if theres any kind of white light situation, that other side that you get to, if you can communicate with us Houdini-style, see if theres any way that you can make the saints cover eight points at Oakland tomorrow because I have money on the game. And they did. The saints fucking blew them out… October 12, 2008. The saints won 34 to 3. Im not saying thats proof of an afterlife. That was just 40 bucks that I won. Proof of the afterlife is this. If there were no afterlife, how could my mother have bought me and my friends so many nice things from the skymall catalog on her credit card four days after she passed from this earth? Answer me that, your honor. Answer me that. In fact, Id like to enter these credit card receipts into evidence, against the advice of my attorney. Look at that. Four days. I had to swear on your Bible just to testify in my own defense. Your silly fake Jesus only lasted three days before he ran out of that cave like a pussy. My mother? Four days, relaxing up there. Shes drunk eBaying like I do! That last piece of that story has special meaning to me because in my entire career, thats the only chunk of material Ive ever had that had a statute of limitations before I could comfortably tell it on stage. Three-year statute for credit card fraud. After that, fuck you. Mother didnt want some silly gravestone. That doesnt do anything. Mother wanted me to have a voice-activated remote control R2-D2 doll. Im just saying we all occupy in our own way. You occupy your fucking filthy Portland hippie selves because you hate the 1% and you hate the banks because of their predatory-lending practices against the people, and enslave them in a lifetime of debt. Whatd you do about it? You stunk up a park for almost a year. I occupy far more efficiently. Maybe you should look to me for leadership. I hate the banks as well, as we all do. How did I fuck them? I spent three hours jacking up Mothers chase bank visa card after shes dead up to its $10,000 limit, buying dumb shit that no one needs and sticking them with the bill because she had no estate except for that blind, fucking last cat. If you want to repo that, have at it. That actually caused damage to the bank. Not sitting around with a dog with a kerchief and a cardboard sign, doo doo doo doo, slapping on drums in a drum circle. The fucking occupy movement was such a letdown because you seemed like me. Angry, and were gonna take to the streets. And, holy shit, around the globe, people are, fuck this. Were gonna do something. And what did you do? You fucked up a park. All you fucked up in a year is some guys day who wanted to throw a frisbee for his dog, but he couldnt because youre all camped out there. You hate the banks? Dont fuck up the park. Fuck up the bank. Whos in charge of this project? Next time, me! We dont really have leadership. You needed some! You have 500 angry people in a park. Go break them up into squads of 20. You can fuck up every branch of bank of America in a 50-mile radius. Go there, and not as anarchists, either. Throwing bricks through the windows? What are you, a fucking teenager? Have some ingenuity. You line up as customers at 8:00 in the morning. They only have two desks to do actual commerce other than cashing checks and shit. You clog up those two desks as bogus customers. Sit down, cross your legs, apply for frivolous loans all day long. Thats a lot of paperwork for every frivolous, yes, I need a billion dollars for an ant farm. Sharpen some pencils. Thats a big stack of paperwork. Id love some coffee. You comb your dreadlocks over to one side, put on your $3 salvation army suit, and you clog up all their time. Or you could deny me the right to apply for the loan, and then I sue the fuck out of you for discrimination, causing even more damage to your bottom line. Rather than just sitting out there in a park Getting tear-gassed by cops. What does that do? What are you accomplishing? I got it on tape. Police abuse. Yeah, police abuse people. Thats how it works. Youre never gonna win. Yeah. Well, you want to fight that, And eventually theyll go, it was justified. I was laying there. Im paralyzed. I was face-down in the park. They tased me. Justified. Yeah. Why arent you the cops? Thats a better idea. You had a fucking year in the park. The first week of occupy, you should have called everyone with no police record out, made them go apply to be police. Youd have had people that have gotten through the academy. Theyre in the works now. Theyre moles on your side. Theyre sitting there in a riot helmet with a Bluetooth underneath the star wars helmet, calling you in the park, giving you heads-ups. Hey, Kevin. You might want to put on a gas mask around 7:45 A.M., you know what Im saying? Thanks, Shane, but were already wearing gas masks cause we havent showered in 7 1/2 months, and Angelas snatch is really starting to reek up the pup tent something ferocious. But keep fighting the good fight. Power to the people! Good Christ. You could have done so much with that. Theres a fucking million ways you could have been clever. Thats why I love WikiLeaks and anonymous, cause theyre actually in there. Theyre fucking with the system. Theyre not sitting around chanting and slapping bongos. Bradley Manning didnt get to release all that information by sitting in a drum circle. He had to get inside. Thats why you should fucking read up on scientology. And Im serious. Scientology is brilliant. Read this book inside scientology. Its a breakdown of how that evil motherfucker created that religion in a modern time. Every other religion people believe in, you only believe in it because all your ancestry did. This guy had to create this and sell it to adults recently. Its as stupid as any other religion, but how did he do it? How did he create this leviathan? Read this book inside scientology and apply those evil tactics to occupy, and you have a fucking winning recipe. You follow l. Ron Hubbards intimidation, infiltration, harassment, blackmail, complete abuse of the legal system, Where you just turn a cross-eyed stink look at scientology, and theyll sue you into poverty. You use that for good. You know what l. Ron Hubbard didnt have In his master plan for world domination? Drum circle! It doesnt do anything! No one wants to hear that. Its annoying as shit. You had enough time in a year to learn how to play real instruments. You could have had a whole New Orleans-style jazz swing band that people want to hear. But instead, what? Im not against you. I appreciate the passion. I dont know how anyone who has a cause in life where they put that much time and effort Into trying to change something… How do you pick one thing? How do you wake up in the morning and look at the billions of things that suck on this planet? You log into your Yahoo! News And its just countries you didnt even know were countries Have problems you didnt even know existed. How do you pick one sliver of that And decide, thats the one. We have to print up t-shirts and have a car wash. I would be so confused. I want to make change. How do you pick something if it hasnt affected you? Juvenile diabetes? Well, I dont know, but I have Lots of free time during the day. I guess I should… wait. Spina bifida, and the guys right here, and hes uncomfortable to look at. So maybe Ill go with this guys cause. And clitoral circumcision in the third world? I know that gives me a handy excuse for not finding it, but thats selfish, and I have to stop thinking about me. And as soon as you focus on one thing, here comes Sarah McLachlan on the TV with the skinny, sad puppies and the abused… in the arms of an angel. I dont know why animals always seem to trump any human cause, but they do. And now youre telling me about fucking corrective rape, which is some weird thing in South Africa, you know? Corrective rape is where they gang-rape lesbians to try to cure them, and I want to… Im behind that, just to bring attention to it, cause the term corrective rape is such a good comedy reference that I demand a bigger laugh when I mention corrective rape, But no one knows about it. So, I want to bring attention to your cause. I just dont know how you pick. If I had any cause over the course of my career that Ive bitched the most about, Its overpopulation, which is the root of most of the other problems you care about. Anti-children, but I dont know where to send a check. I dont know. Like, what do you do? The only solution that Ive ever come up with, Which I think is great, but no ones gotten on board, incentive-based eugenics. Eugenics was a practice of sterilizing people. Hitler got a lot of the credit for it, but it was actually done in this country long before Hitler even knew who he was mad at. We were practicing eugenics in this country. Eugenics was the practice of forced sterilization of undesirables, which sounds bad. And the way they did it was bad cause they would… First of all, the force is wrong. You dont force people to do things they dont want to do. And, b, who decides whos undesirable? They were doing it in this country At the turn of the 20th century, Which is the 1900s, for a lot of my fans. Early 1900s. To criminals, perverts, which is way too vague, the mentally ill, mentally retarded, homosexuals, which makes perfect sense. We dont want them breeding. Have little queers running all up and down like gremlins. But if you took away the force, And you just made it incentive-based for people willing to sterilize themselves. Offer up some white trash prizes. You know, Nascar pit pass, meet your favorite driver. All youve got to do is snip the sac. Really? Years supply of sunny delight. You want some sunny d, dont you? All you got to do is putty up that front hole, lady. You still have two holes left to trick guys out of drinks at the bar. What do we got to do? Are you telling me, if I cut off my balls, Im going crossbow hunting with Ted Nugent? Well, shit, yeah. No. No, sir, sir, sir. Wait, no. We dont actually cut off your balls. We just make a small incision with a local anesthetic. Fuck you. I want you to cut off my whole balls. Im gonna hang them from my rear-view mirror like a lucky rabbits foot. Im going crossbow hunting with the nuge. I aint never won nothing in my life. Thats a workable plan. Cant argue with that. It just wont happen. Heres what I think. If youre behind whatever youre behind, we should triage all charity. So we take the most important and most easily solved first. Everyone works on that, and well get to yours eventually. I would start with starving people in a world full of food. That seems easy to solve. You dont need scientists with lab reports and years, no. Theres lots of shitloads of food. Theres just a transit problem. Get someone from FedEx, get the food there. We live in a place, fucking horse meat is a scandal. They found horse meat. How dare… my god. Have you heard? There was horse meat in my frozen, processed lasagna meal. How dare they put a more lean and nutritional meat? And now were gonna dump it by the warehousefuls in the garbage dumps, while people are starving to death on this planet. That makes no sense. I can solve that. Yeah. Take that food and feed the people that dont have it. And then we get down to the next most important and the wrongly accused and the torture and the thing and the disease and… Occupy is lower, and then, save the manatees even lower than that. And eventually, hopefully, in a perfect world, wed get down to the bottom, which is toys for tots. How fucking embarrassing is it to live in a country where toys for tots is an actual recognized, legitimate charity? God forbid little Daniel go through some bogus holiday made for some fake deity without Lincoln logs. The horror. The horror. Thats why they have to have marines and bikers enforce that shit like henchmen. Cause otherwise, youd just go, fuck you. Toys? Theres starving people. And then some big, fucking, crew-cut guy. I fucking fought for your freedom! Give me a goddamned Lego for the kid! Its gonna be tough. Whatever your cause, your charity, or your drive, your effort, audit it. Make sure, cause so much of it is symbolism over substance, where people think theyre helping by doing nothing. Audit all the time and effort, and see if youre actually affecting change rather than just, were gonna have a 10k fun run for the cure. Come on down on Sunday. Its a 10k fun run for the cure. Why? Why? When has running ever cured anything? I dont understand the cause and effect on this. Is that how Jonas salk cured polio, is by speed-walking around the track down at St. Marys high school with a wife beater on and a paper number safety-pinned to his back? Were doing it for the cure. How are you curing anything? Well, what I do is I get sponsors. And every time I go around the track another time, my sponsor gives me another quarter for the cure. So Ive got to go as many times as I… Are your friends that sick and sadomasochistic that they wouldnt just cut you a check outright for the cure? They make you do weird shit first? Larry, you know my daughter was born with cerebral palsy. And were trying to get a big fundraiser going. Really? Yeah. How many hard-boiled eggs will you eat? Come on. Come on. You love your kid, right? Come on. No, they would cut you a check outright, but youre that much of a fucking megalomaniac that you have to make the cure about you. You need spotlight in this. You could just get a check, But no ones gonna fucking be, no. You know, the truth is, I do this same speed walk at St. Marys every morning at 6:30 before work with my labrador, Sheba. Trying to shed a few pounds, you know. But no one claps for me then and calls me heroic. So Im gonna do it on Sunday afternoon for the cure, And everyones gonna go, go, ray, go!' yeah, you could do it, but you want to fucking… Its a 10k fun run about you, you fucking megalomaniac. Stop it. You know youre not doing shit. You could just get the check from your friend And then actually do something That means something other than running. Were getting donations, and were petitioning city hall for a spot in the park to make a big, granite slab for the victims and the sufferers and the survivors of the thing. And then were gonna painstakingly etch each name of the people into the stone at great expense. For what? Its a fucking chunk of rock. It doesnt help. Put that time and effort and money Into actually something thats calculated that actually helps. Were gonna knit a SARS quilt. Its gonna take all summer long. Cause theres people with SARS, And theyre chilly with SARS, and they need a quilt. What? Were gonna have a prayer circle. Were gonna have a candlelight vigil at midnight. Could you do less? Mathematically. Ask your accountant if theres any way you could do any less than that. Well, we are raising awareness. Raising awareness is another form of doing nothing. Only now youre making me aware that the nothing that Ive been doing is not up to par with the nothing that youre doing For such a noble cause. Why dont you do my nothing for your cause? Well watch storage wars for the cure, and then well both be happy in our impotence. And well find out whats in that safe. We all win. Raising awareness is me standing next to a drainage ditch where a guy just hit a goat with his moped on the highway. And now theyre in the ditch, Laying in the muck with compound fractures. And the dudes got a bone sticking through his leg. And the fucking goats got a bone sticking through his fur. Theyre both laying there in agony. And Im raising awareness by standing above them, shouting down an empty highway, look! Look! Eww! Eww, look. Ooh. And theyre going, no, help. And Im going, no, no, no. Look! Its way easier to just look. Are you aware of breast cancer? Fucking the entire month of October is breast cancer awareness month. The entire country turns pink so you cant not be aware. All your products, you go to the grocery store. Usually I buy the progresso soup. But this month, Im gonna get the one with the pink ribbon, so I know that Ive done all I can to help my fellow man. I dont read the fine print that says, .000001 cents of every can up to a very minimal amount goes to… it actually goes nowhere near a titty, ever, at all. It goes to more promotional material Asking for more money and to give very dubious medical advice where a lot of titties get chopped off that didnt need to because were an industry, not a charity anymore. I dont read that part. I just see the pink ribbon and know that Im helping. Youve destroyed the color pink. Theres no need for that. I like the color pink, and youve ruined it. You see pink, thats all you can think about. I have a pink bedroom. My bedroom is pink. I cant sleep in it during October cause you just see the color, and all you think about Is giant, metastasizing titties sucking the life out of some poor woman. Why do you fuck up a color? Associate it with something else thats negative. You know, traffic and weather brought to you at the top of the hour on fucking 620 am. Hey, traffic sucks again. This is brought to you by breast cancer. And that way, next time youre stuck in traffic, You go, wow. Fuck. This sucks, but not as bad as cancer. Maybe I should try to help. Dont fuck up a color. Do you watch football? This is where it went too far with me. The national football league participates in breast cancer awareness month. First of all, why is it breast cancer awareness month rather than cancer awareness month? I assume if you cure breast cancer, that would cure ass cancer and face cancer and shit cancer. Its cancer. Cause titties sell tickets, stupid! Okay, I forget the marketing angle. Maybe youre right on that. Still, the national football league participates with the pink gloves and just pink on the players. Where if you think football is stupid, youre right. But its my stupid. You have your stupid. You can judge me in sports. You have your own stupid. You play World of Warcraft or you do renaissance festivals or you fucking win Brian Doyle Murray look-alike competitions or fucking do… You grow organic apples and sell them at the farmers market. You learn how to speak Italian on the Rosetta Stone so one day you can impress your friends by ordering in Italian at a restaurant and the fucking waiter at Olive Garden looks at you going, I dont know what youre saying, dude. Whatever you do, football is my stupid. Thats what I do for a few hours on a weekend in the fall to forget how much I hate myself. I dont want to think about breast cancer while Im watching football to get away from this. Its hard enough to watch football as it is, if youre a fan, without constantly thinking about AIDS. You have to push that out of your head. Inherently, if youre a fan of the game, with the technology that they have now, you watch Monday night football or super bowl, they have cameras now that come down on cables right over the field, like right over the players heads, almost touching them. You have 60 inches of high definition. You have a camera panning around 11 men bent up in a huddle, presenting these beautiful, thick man-asses. And its zooming in on each one. And it creates this Bangkok whorehouse scenario in your brain. You feel a little tuggle in your sweatpants. And youre like, what if they were behind glass in Phuket? Which one would I select for my evenings entertainment from the Cambodian guy that runs the place, And hes got an eye patch. And I go, ching dai bo dah! And he pulls the guy out. Number 28. I havent even seen all the guys, And I impulse-buy on 28. Hes a halfback with these sinewy horse haunches, leaning into me, and in my mind, before I can make a rational decision, Ive already leaped over the railing at the field. Im streaking butt-naked across the field, wearing nothing but a… Wearing an 1800s nightcap thats striped with a pom-pom. I dont know why that. But Im wearing flip-flops cause they make you run funnier. But my dick is slapping up and down against my belly. You make you dick however big you want it to be. Its your fantasy. Have your dick slapping your chest. Have your dick take a tooth out on the way to the huddle. It doesnt matter. Just get to 28 and yank him out of the huddle and pin him to the ground. Hold him down with one elbow. Peel those… They wear these little lycra pants. Theyre so fucking gorgeous. And you just peel them off him. And hes sweaty. Theyre just going to slide off like a wet band-aid. Dont fuck with the jockstrap. Its no obstacle to the asshole. Youll waste your time. Plus, the little straps keep the ass cheek up and focused. Steam comes off his ass. Get your face in there. You huff that steam. You huff it like a gassy rag. Inhale his essence. And you peel those ass cheeks apart with your thumbnails like your cracking a cage-free, farm-fresh egg. And you take your dick. Dont stab him with it right away. Tease him with it. Here we go. In and up, asshole to tailbone, people. Asshole to tailbone. Watch him struggle. He knows its gonna happen. He doesnt know when. Asshole to tailbone. Pull on his face mask a bit. Twist his neck. Pull on his dreadlocks. And these are not occupy wall street dreadlocks, by the way. This is a black dude. This is straight up racism. This is a hate crime. Because you are pretty sure that your ex-wife used to fantasize about this guy doing similar shit to her. You knew it. Yeah. You want to do that to my wife? Youll never get a thicker boner Than that angry, racist, jealousy boner. Veins are coming out of the head, And nothing makes you crazier than when you get that boner and you just jam it in him like a fat salamander and you ride. You do that porn angle, where you bend your dick down And do deep knee bends so you can look at the people. You have… 55,000 people are now out of their chairs, on their feet, chanting for you. They love you. Theyre like, fuck that guy! Fuck that guy! This is his home field, and theyre on your side, all of a sudden. Fuck that dude, yeah! Theyre spilling beer. You feel the rubber start to slide off of you, but you dont give a shit. This is my day. They love me. Im going to launch rainbows of cum into this broken motherfucker. And you do. Youre not even done coming when you pull out. Your dicks just still fire-hosing, swaying back and forth, getting rid of the last of the spurts. And you have an end zone celebration dance that youve worked out in the hallway mirror all season. Little old-school ickey shuffle thing. And you spike the ball right next to his head. Hes blubbering, like, snot bubbles, and crying. Hes not even making an attempt to get up. His asshole is still dilated and spasming. His asshole is winking like a cyclops in a rainstorm, just trying to regain its original shape. One milky tear is dripping down the taint. Its crying for you. And you float out of this perfect Sunday afternoon and this perfect daydream, back into the stark reality of, its just you with some bloated, post middle-age dude with… Youve got lumps of yellowed gummy cum in your gut hair. And you look around. You feel immediate remorse and shame. I let the rubber come off inside of that guy. How irresponsible is that, knowing what we know today, to just bareback fuck a guy. I dont know where that guys been. I know where hes going. Hes going into free agency. Hes fucking 32 now. Hes got shit knees. Hes lucky if hes warming a bench in Jacksonville. But I dont know where hes been. To just bareback fuck the guy. I could have fantasy aids as we speak, and Im gonna do it again. And as youre dealing with this, you want to escape. You look at the TV. Pink shoes. I have to think about breast cancer on top of this problem? Youre ruining the integrity of the game, breast cancer. This is what we do on Sundays to forget how much we hate ourselves. And I dont… I hope I didnt ruffle any feathers. But as an openly gay comedian, I feel a responsibility to talk about a lot of issues that… What, are you gonna test me? You dont know if Im lying. I can be as gay as I want to be up here. Fuck you. What, are you gonna strap me to a chair And blow loads in my face to see if Im fibbing when I say I love it? Im gay if it fucking… If it needs to be, Im gay, Im fucking gay. And you should be gay as… I come out of the closet all the time. Its something fun for me. Do it all the time. Im not saying lie to your friends and family Or lead a fake life. But if youre just in some bullshit social situation around people you dont know, if you can drop the errant, Im gay in a conversation, not revelatory, like, I have to tell you. Just drop it as an aside. Is it just you and your girlfriend for breakfast? Thats not my girlfriend. Im gay, but its just two of us. Is it a buffet or can I order off the menu? Just drop in, just, if everyone was just someone… I guess theyre just gay. Cause heres the thing. I love homosexuality. I defend it. But I hate fagginess because its aesthetically unpleasing. The whole la la la la la shiny. You dont have to do that. Its the same… I have nothing against Jewish people. I hate jewiness. The clammy, nyah, nyah, nyah. I get all… Im allergic. Personally, thats unpleasing. I hate anyone who leads with their sexuality, homo or hetero. If I know your sexuality in the first 30 seconds of meeting you, Youre fucking annoying. Heteros are the same way. If you have naked lady mud flaps or you go, after your show, you want to go to Hooters? Or you just watch the game for the cheerleaders. Just go into a basement and jerk off, You fucking teenager, 13-year-old, And then come back when we can have a regular conversation. So, its not… Thats why I like to come out of the closet as just a normal dude. A guy on the plane going, yeah, I remember when stewardesses used to be hot. Now theyre all fat. And you go, yeah. Im right with you, buddy. I fucking… thank Christ Im queer, cause they are fat as shit. But just because maybe somewhere around you, when you just drop a normal Im gay in a conversation, there is an adolescent kid whos just coming to terms with the fact that hes gay, and hes fucking terrified, not only of just being gay. Maybe he thinks he has to be jump out of the cake and ride a fucking float, assless chaps, ice capades gay. And he hears you say it just like a normal dude, Im gay. And he goes, I can do that. I can be just regular Anderson Cooper, Todd Glass, Joel Osteen faggot. And you give them courage. And its in the supreme court now for gay marriage. And I hope you get it. Get the right to marry, and then dont. Its important to get the right, not just symbolically, but sometimes you have to be married to game the system. You need the insurance. You need the inheritance. You need to pull the plug. Maybe you just need to get someone cool into the country. So you need it for that. But dont if you dont have to. Its kind of like the civil rights movement, where black people had to fight for the right to eat at the same lunch counter. Once you won that right, I hope you didnt. Guys a fucking racist. Why would you support his business unless youre just trying to fuck with him and show up just cause he doesnt want you? Which I understand, and maybe thats where you started not tipping. If so, every tradition has to start somewhere. Lets just hope it was for a good cause. Have a great night, Dantes, Portland. It was nice to be back. Ill see you soon. Have a good night. So do you mind just coming back downstairs? Yeah. I just told them I would. Great. Sorry. We have another camera. No, thats it. We said one camera. You want them to come back up too? Do you want them to follow you? What? Do you want… You just asked me to come back down the stairs. Yeah, do you want them to follow you Or do you want to just… Theyll just catch you. No, no. Thats fine. I was just confused. Yeah. Take two, Im coming down the stairs. All right. Hi. That was a show brought to you by me.

JIM NORTON@AMERICAN DEGENERATE@2013@This year I wanted the opening of my new special to feel, well, special. So I wanted to get somebody who is not only well known but who my audience will understand is very important to me personally. Wow, thats, Im honored Jimmy. Not you. Oh. No offense but I was kind of hoping for someone a little more famous. Oh why would I be offended, my best friend is a shallow twat that doesnt think Im famous enough to talk on camera before he does an hour of creepy dick jokes. [LAUGHTER] Creepy dick jokes? Its my comedy special. Its not creepy. [Gasping] [laughter] Dont be scared you little bitch, you doing good. [CHEERING] Im your number one fan, youre my favorite character. I cried when you got shot. Youre one annoying mother fucker, you do know that right? [KNOCKING] Come in. [LAUGHTER] Everything alright? Yea, everything is good. Are those tits on your back? They do look nice. Ha ha, thanks. Please let me know when youre done violating Mr. Norton cause hes got to get on stage soon. Shit. Damn. Well in that case, everybody get on your mother fucking feet and lets give a warm mother fucking welcome for the legendary Jim Norton! Yea baby! [AUDIENCE CHEERING] Thank you. Thank you very much, man. Thank you. Thanks. I am so happy to be finally shooting a special in Boston. Thank you for coming. Its great to be here. Ah, I got to start off with some good news. Uh, Casey Anthony, uh, has announced that shes bankrupt, which is nice to know. Ah, and she says she wants to change her name because shes getting death threats, so she wants to change it to something less controversial. I vote for Hitler 9/11 Cunt. What a horrible woman. At worst-case scenario she killed her kid. At best case, she knew the kid was missing and she did nothing. I am this close from not wanting to fuck her. As of right now I still do. You know, one kid weve all lost, but one more dead kid and shes on thin ice with me. Theres a new pope. What a weird thing to see in our lifetimes. I like the new pope better than the last pope, because the last guy, Benedict, gave me the creeps. He just looked like a little mouth– [MUMBLING] He looked like that guy that gets stuff for Dracula in the afternoon. The new pope I like. I was hoping for a black pope. I think its time. And you know he would already own his own red shoes, purple robes and bulletproof car. I hope I didnt offend the one black person in attendance. Thank God youre here. I need a more diversified audience. My audience is white and Grand Wizard. I wish I had more black fans. I really– I feel like black people dont like me. And I was talking to Patrice one time, and I said– [AUDIENCE CHEERING] Yeah. I was talking to Patrice, and Im like, Why dont black people like me? And he goes, I dont know. He goes, I think that black people should like you, but we look at you and think we shouldnt. And it just made sense. I got it. Im like, Yes, this is not the look that endears you to black people. This is not the friendly look. I look like every guy on the jury in 1955. And I love coming up here so much. This is one of the few cities I actually go out and enjoy while Im here. I literally am so obsessive with work. I dont travel to do anything for fun. The last thing I did just for the fuck of it was I went to Chicago over the summer to see Sabbath at Lollapalooza, which um… Yeah, I went to see Sabbath. And I have this really weird thing. Like, during a comedy show you guys know that you cant yell to each other, but why is it when youre watching a band people feel free to put their stupid face this close and just tell you what a great time theyre having? Dude, this is amazing. With that fucking beer breath. And youre like, Ugh, well, it would be better if you were dead. Shutp. I hate it. So Im watching Sabbath. They had just come out. Ozzy was literally into the first verse of the opening song, and this girl comes up and starts talking to me. And I can see that shes really drunk, and she looks high as well. So Im like, All right, good, Ill talk to her. Because it turns me on a lot when I see a girl trying to focus. Because Im thinking, Ooh, shell never remember this. Im just fast-forwarding until shes puking out my passenger window and I can do this to her heinie. Or if were in England… But at first I didnt know her. She walks up to me and it was like she was really loaded, and she goes, Hey, are you Jim Norton? And I said, Yes, I am. And she goes, Oh, God, I love you. And then she reaches out and grabs my dick and starts squeezing. Thats the whole story. Thats the beginning, middle and end of a story I call Yay, Chicago. And my managers always trying to get me to travel more. Hes always like, You got to go out and see the world, because all you do is gigs. Like, hes been to Afghanistan, hes been to Indonesia. He goes to, like, these hard-core Islamic countries. And hes a Jew. And hes just one of those guys who embraces all cultures, and they know to like him. I dont know how he gets away with going to these places, but hes like, You just dont understand the Middle East. Im like, I know, and I dont want to learn on the job. But heres the thing. Every piece of footage I see from the Middle East is theyre angry at us for some reason, and I never know what it is because I dont speak the language. And I guess the last one was uh, Benghazi, over in ah, in Libya. And there was all these crazy riots, and– It looked like it was a 9/11 anniversary ah, thing. But at first they said, No, its about a movie that Muslims found offensive, which actually made sense to me, because Ive seen movies I didnt like. And I tried to gather up a group of people to burn the theater down and kill everyone in it, you know, while we all stood outside chanting Caddyshack 2, Caddyshack 2. And whats so scary is, like, whenever they riot in the Middle East, they always yell Allahu Akbar, Allahu Akbar. That is scary shit. But it shouldnt be scary, because I think literally translated it means God is great,  which shouldnt that make you feel good when you hear it? Even if youre not religious. Like, even if youre an atheist, if someone yells God is great, you ought to go, Ah, what the fuck. Hes all right, I guess. But if youre in Libya and you hear Allahu Akbar, duck. And, you know, fair enough. Ive never seen it said at fun times. Maybe thats the problem. Ive never seen, like, footage of a 9-year-olds birthday party where everyones sitting around, you know, Allahu Akbar. If I did see that Id be afraid when he blew out the candle the cake would explode. But then people accuse me of being anti-Muslim or anti-Islamic. Im not at all. Hey, its not my fault Allahu Akbar has become the For Hes a Jolly Good Fellow of beheading videos. And look, its not to say we dont have violence in America. Obviously we have gun violence here, which is scary. And I have weird feelings about the second Amendment, because thats like the big raging debate. Like, I believe in the second Amendment. I think that if somebody is responsible, they should be able to own a gun and defend themselves responsibly. However, I dont think I should be able to own one. I firmly believe that if youre qualified, God bless you, get a gun. I am not mentally able to own a gun. And I know this, because at least five times a day I think, I wish I had a gun right now. Like, not even to shoot people. Like, it must be so much fun just to brandish it. Like, if somebody cuts you off thats not a murder-able offense, but how good does it feel to pull up to the light– Beep, beep, beep. –and then when they look, just show them. Just to see that look on their face. Aah! That Ive tangled with the wrong fellow. And then you really freak him out: you put it under your own chin. I came here, ah, I was in L.A. this week, and I came to ah, Boston directly from– and I realize I hate little weather jokes a lot. That just is something I– Do you know when people make little jokes? Just a little innocent joke about the weather, you know? Nothing too…like, it was kind of cold when I got off the plane, and someone said, I wish you would have brought some of that sunny weather from California with you. I just thought, How nice would it be to: What? And then as theyre repeating the joke, you take the butt of the gun and you crack their fucking nose. You touch her again and youre dead! I humiliated myself on the flight too. I mean humiliated myself. Because men have this really weird thing where we never want to seem, like, homoerotic or gay around each other. Like, we never want to be misinterpreted as being– hitting on each other, which probably robs us of a lot of nice moments. But have you ever been around another guy, and he smells really good? And you want to go, like, Dude, you smell really good. What are you wearing? But youre afraid if you say that it will come off as homoerotic. So if you do ask, you have to ask like an alpha male. Hey, what is that? So Im on the uh, Im on the plane, and this guy gets on and sits next to me. And he smelled delicious. But I realize theres no masculine way to go, Hey, man, what are you wearing? Because I just want to gobble you up right now. So Im like, all right, Ill just ask once we land, you know, because this way if its creepy or uncomfortable we dont have to spend six hours next to each other. But I am not going to lie: I enjoyed him for the entire flight. I sat, like, closer than I needed to, and I kept leaning over sneaking sniffs, asking questions I didnt even need the answer to. So, uh, how much longer do you think itll be? [SNIFFING] Hes like, I dont know. Im sure theyll tell us once we take off. So we finally landed and I had to just ask him. Im like, Dude, not to be weird or creepy, but, you know, since the minute you sat down I wanted to ask about your cologne, because you smell amazing. What are you wearing? And he goes, I dont wear cologne. Good. Do you understand the subtext of what I said to that guy? You know, Ive really been enjoying your man-scent across the entire continental United States. Ive been breathing you in through three time zones. You know that thing nature gives us so we find the appropriate mate? I just… [APPLAUSE] Hey, not for nothing, man, but your pheromones had me creaming. And the really creepy part was that I said to him, From the minute you sat down. Like, why did I have to explain that? Im such a douche. I basically told him, Hey, you had me at hello. But I could see after I said that hes rewinding through the whole flight and getting grossed out, because hes like remembering all those weird little moments, like when I accidentally fell asleep on his neck for an hour and a half, or when he got up to go to the bathroom how I didnt sit back; I just let his ass cheeks brush across my face. Ive been single for a while, man. You think this is a good way to meet a girl? If I see a girl sitting in a bar and her arms are up on the bar, Ill walk over and go, Hello. You think the finger walk is sexy? Somebody looks thirsty. And then I say cute things, because women like it when youre cute. Like, Oh, boy, I sure would like to get to know you. Oh, dont listen to him, you know? I scold my fingers the way a ventriloquist scolds his puppet because they say sassy things. Id eat your ass even if it was bleeding. Oh, guys! And I love when guys say, Oh, you just walk up to a girl and talk to her. Like, thats easier said than done. I find that certain professions of women are harder to hit on. Its like, you know, if youre talking to a bartender its fairly easy, because its okay to flirt, but I fly a lot. Flight attendants very difficult to hit on, because the nature of their work is theyre always busy, you only see them at their job and theres all these people, like, in close proximity. So first of all its creepy to call somebody over to hit on them. I was on a JetBlue flight– And I fall in love immediately. You ever see somebody and you just go, like, I want her to be my girlfriend? Like, I love her. This girl just, like, made the announcements and Im like, I want to spend the rest of my life just kissing her. But I didnt know how to do it, you know? I felt– You know… doing You know, youre in the window seat. You want to go out? That works in romantic comedies. Like, if youre in a rom-com, all the people in the seats around you are like, You ought to go out with him. Hes got a lot of pizzazz. But in real life everybody just kind of avoids eye contact and theyre fucking humiliated for you. Oh, you douche bag. So I said, All right, heres what Ill do: Ill write her a little a note, Ill hand her a note. Because thats kind of childish, but Im like, this way she wont feel pressure to be overly polite in front of me. I didnt want to make her uncomfortable. Because if I ask in front of people, then shes got to, like, make up an excuse. Like, Oh, no, I would but Ive got AIDS and hepatitis. You know? Then how stupid do I look going, I dont care, Ill fuck you. So I wrote her a little note, like, Hey, lets go out to dinner when we land. And I handed it to her. And when I handed it to her, she looked scared. And then I realized, Oh Christ, you just handed a note to a flight attendant. So I panicked and I was like, Oh, its not dangerous or nothing. Which is like handing a girl a drink and going, Come on, I didnt roofie it. Which is a lie. You want to creep a girl out, hand her a drink and then stare while she downs it. Follow the arch of the glass with your head. And then when shes finished, walk by and mumble, Good girl. Sometimes situationally its hard too. Not even a job and not even about the woman. Like, theres a girl in my gym I am dying to fuck, but Im scared to hit on her and heres why: I realize I cant hide my agenda when Im talking to her. Because, like, women– We always have to hide our initial agenda. Like, whenever you talk to a girl, she knows what you want. Like, if you walk up and go, Hey, where are you from? she doesnt think, like, Oh, he must be interested in my accent. She knows you just want to stick it in her shitter. But we have to go through this little social dance with each other. Its what separates us from the animals. But when Im looking at this girl in the gym in her little skin-tight yoga pants and her camel toe, I cant hide my agenda. Like, I immediately get creepy face. And no girl wants to go out with you when you look like Pyle right before he shot himself in Full Metal Jacket. And this girls– Im an ass fanatic. Like, I like a girls ass. But her ass is so fucking juicy. Oh, my God. Dude, its plump. Its like a Jessica from Roger Rabbit ass on a white girl, which is fucking mind-boggling. And, like, weve all seen nice asses before, but her ass, like, it changed me. Like, Ive never talked to her once, but if she had nowhere to live Id go, Fuck it, just move in with me. Ill pay for everything and you can have half if we get divorced. I dont know what kind of person she is. I dont care if shes a Nazi or if shes manic-depressive and gets that white shit in the corner of her mouth. So what? Whats the worst thats going to happen? Shes bipolar? All right, good. Shell sit on my face and then be a little cranky. Ill live with it. Whoo, is her ass juicy! Like two little plump, firm teardrops mushed together. And the way the thong– It goes so far in. Like, I love a deep ass crack. And I dont know how she gets her thong in that far. I can picture her putting it in and then just yanking it… and handing it to somebody on a speedboat, and they take off. She hold on to the dock. It cuts in deep. Her ass is split deep. Its like Mississippi in 1960. Good God, I love a deep ass crack. And theres no way to tell a girl that. Like, its such a weird fetish to have. like, if you like a girls hair you say like, Hey, I really like your hair. But, you know, you cant walk up and go, Your ass crack… the depth of it. I mean, it looks like the McDonalds M. I just… Ooh, do I want to put my face in her ass! I just want to sniff it. Just… I would wear her thong under my nose like a Halloween mustache. I would just walk around with it all day and do mustache things. Tie somebody to the railroad tracks. Ive never talked to this girl, and she hates my fucking guts. She hates me, because I was following her up– I was walking up the steps, behind her, and I was following her. I didnt care where she– If she was going up to the roof and jumped I would have followed her right off and tried to nose-dive right into her fucking juicy ass. But I was staring. She was, like, ten steps ahead of me. And Im looking up into her ass crack, and I could see the juicy, deep crack. But when she stepped up I could see up into the camel toe. I didnt mean to do it. It was totally involuntary. But I just went, Aah! And, of course, she turned around, because somebodys making Young Frankenstein noises on the steps. Have you ever been so busted you could only make this face? Boy, I sure would like to smell your heinie hole. Now, now! Ill tell you, theres one guy in the gym I hate. Im pretty open sexually. I dont care what you like sexually. None of it is weird to me. But theres a certain type of exhibitionism that Ive learned to really hate. Some guys go to the gym just because they want to be naked in front of other guys. And theres one guy, every time Ive seen this fuck in the locker room, hes naked. Doesnt matter if its early or– Like, right now the gym is closed; if we flew to New York and kicked in the gym door and turned on the light, this bag of shit would be futzing around. Just futzing around naked. Every time Ive seen him. And he always acts like hes doing something. And first of all, hes fucking 70 years old with a bald head and a big, stupid hard stomach. He looks like Danny DeVito when he played the Penguin in Batman. And he always pretends that hes doing other stuff. Thats what annoys me. Its almost the insult to my intelligence. Its like, do you think I dont know what youre doing? Like, hes always acting busy. If I walked into the locker room and he just went, Huh? Id probably go, Ah, you got me. Good one. Its like, dont try to trick me, stupid. Like, you walk in and hell be cleaning his ears like naked in the mirror. And then youll come back 25 minutes later, hes still cleaning his ear. Or youll go into the bathroom and hes nude, barefoot, just brushing his teeth, looking in the mirror with his stupid dick mushed up against the sink. His fatty pubis mushed up against the sink. And thats disgusting, because thats where I put my lunch. And Im not exaggerating for the bit. I swear to God, he has the smallest cock I have ever seen on a human being. Not even an adult. From baby up. Its like a little fucking mushroom. Its like I want to ask him about it. His cock is so small. I want to go, like, Look, I know this is rude, but that is unacceptable. Ill bet if you get him drunk theres a great story behind it. Like, Well, I used to install windows for a living… And its surrounded by an unkempt tuft of gray pubic hair, which I want to yank out with my bare fucking hands. And I know hed be so shocked and upset. Like, Why are you doing this? And Id have to be honest: I dont know, I dont know, but it needed doing. And I hate his balls so much. Ive never had a visceral reaction to someones balls. His balls are this big. The whole thing, it looks like a hornets nest with a doorbell in the middle… and a filthy gray sunflower around it. I want to set his cock and balls on fire and then put them out with a shovel. By the way, do you know how many times Ive had to see him naked to give you that description? I dont stop him when he walks by– Whoa, whoa, whoa. Thats 20 or 30 accidental Aah! Aah! And I know hes doing it on purpose. And I know you might think, Well, hes a really old guy; that generation looked at nudity differently, so hes not self-conscious. No. Heres how I know its on purpose. A week or two ago Im going from the shower to my locker, and from behind me I heard… [CLAPPING] So I turned around. That sound was this creep powdering his balls. And thats exactly how he was doing it. Not even in front of the mirror. Just in the middle of the locker room like a retarded bongo player. Do you know how loud you have to powder your balls for me to hear it in an open space? I actually stepped aside; I thought a horse was galloping behind me. Weve all powdered our balls before, but its quiet. There you go. Thats what it sounds like. The rule of thumb is that blind people should never know when youre powdering your balls. I could powder my balls over your face, youd never know I was there. The next morning youd probably wake up and wonder why theres two muddy footprints on your pillow. I dont know why my feet had to be filthy at the end of that joke. Obviously I just showered and powdered my balls, but I guess I walked through roofing tar on the way to your house. So uh, you know, I have been working out. And I came yesterday– Honestly, the first thing I did when I got to town was I got a massage. [AUDIENCE WHOOPING] Well, to answer your question, yes. There was a happy ending. I had to do it. But that counts as far as Im concerned. She was not happy at all. She came back in: What are you doing? Uh, your job. The most common question I get– I get e-mails about this all the time. People say, How do you make a regular massage turn into a happy ending? And theres no definitive answer, because to be honest with you, 90 percent of the massages I get remain massages, because I go to legitimate masseuses. But the 10 percent that become happy endings really spoils the other 90 percent. Because picture if every 1 out of 10 times you went to the grocery store somebody jerked you off in the frozen food aisle. It would make your other 9 trips seem a little lackluster. Youd be walking around with, you know, two heads of lettuce and a carrot. Ahem! Ahem! So the way to test the waters with a massage therapist is through body language. Because you have to be respectful, beuse massage therapists are not prostitutes. Now, I know this, because enough of them have screamed that in my face. And neither one of you knows the other one. You dont know if the other ones a cop and this whole thing is a sting operation, so you cant say anything too obvious. Would you touch my testicles for money? So you ease into it. Like, say youre laying there and shes rubbing the hamstrings. Ill start pushing my hips back a little bit and then making this noise. [GROANING] Oh, sorry for you people. [GROANING] Which is massage lingo for, Youre getting warmer, warmer. Now, she knows exactly what Im doing, so she will answer nonverbally in one of two ways. Shell either say no way by going from my hamstrings down to my ankles and rubbing, like, the ankles and the calves. So in my mind I go, All right, mission abort. Its not going to happen. Because you have to be a psychopath to misinterpret ankles as the next step in a hand job. Ooh, she must want me to scooch down three feet. Sitting on the end of the table, my legs dangling off, just tweetling my nipples like a baboon. Or, after I go– [GROANING] –shell move a little higher on the hamstring towards what I call earning a tip. And then shell give me a very, very subtle signal. Because again, shes not 100 percent sure. So shell do something like lightly brush my scrotum. Just a light little brush as shes going from one leg to the other. Just a little heedle leedle leedle lee Its such a light touch that she could go, Oh, I didnt mean to do that. And I could go, I didnt even notice you did it, officer. We both have plausible deniability. Now, the only thing to be careful is there are certain massage therapists who give little sexy signals. Like, theyll flick your nips or do something sexy, but they have no intention on giving you a hand release. These women should be killed. By the way, do you know how much fun it is to come on stage and talk about this, and nobody gives a shit? Im so lucky to, like, just be a fucking comic, and nobody– Like, its never going to hurt me to talk about my personal life. Like, you know, if I ever get busted with a prostitute, no Jim Norton fans going to go, Oh, I wont be buying his DVDs anymore. You know, people would probably go, Come on, lets go to the show. I want to hear exactly what happened. I feel bad for real celebrities and, like, actors and stuff who cant have that kind of openness. Like, I feel like they have to live inside this bubble. And it just looks like a tortured way to live. Like, poor John Travolta. I feel very, very bad for him. Now, Im going to phrase this really carefully: I am absolutely not saying hes gay, Im only saying it dont look good. He does a few things that I think are on the gay checklist, like he was sued by male massage therapists for sexual harassment. Thats a check. Hes great in musicals? Thats eight or nine checks. And I had very mixed feeling when I was reading about the Travolta case. I think a couple of guys sued him for, like, $2 million each. And I believe since the cases have been dismissed. But I believed what the massage therapist was saying. I believed his account simply because every creepy thing he accused Travolta of, Ive done 50 times during a massage. I wasnt shocked by any of it. I felt like I was perusing a manual that I had written. Like, the one guy said he was, like, massaging, I think, right by Travoltas buttocks. And he said Travolta was pushing his hips back, which shocked a lot of people, but as we just discussed, is move 11. Its perfectly acceptable. He said Travolta was pushing his ass back so far that the cheeks were separating, which, oh, I was in awe of John Travolta. Nothing but respect. Do you know the ab/core control you need to tighten up your stomach and swing your asshole open like saloon doors? Do you know how good you have to be at Pilates just to make your ass wink on command? Ive bn trying that for two years. All Ive managed is to fire a log of shit onto my calf. And theres nothing wrong with that. When your ass opens up like that, its just your bodys way of saying to a finger, Get over here. Come on, get in here. Dont be shy. I love a finger in my asshole. And Im not just saying that because its the title of my autobiography. Just a little finger. Tickle it around. Friendly, neighborly. Like, you ever been home– Heres what its like. You ever been home and you dont realize your front doors open? And your next-door neighbor walks in. And at first youre like, Aah…oh, its just you. Its you, its you. What, you got four friends with you? All right, bring two over. Bring two. Aah! No, one. Bring one. If you bring two, all three of you are going to leave with Abe Lincoln hats on. So while I believed the therapists tale because of the details, I hated these guys for suing Travolta, because I think a couple of them sued him for, like, $2 million each, claiming that they were wounded mentally during the massage. Get the fuck out of here, you litigious scumbags. Two million dollars because, what, Travolta played grab-ass with you? Go fuck yourself. One guy said something like he was massaging Travolta, and that John reached out and grabbed his scrotum. And then he said a few minutes later John reached out again and grabbed the shaft and head of his penis, like, quickly. So all Im thinking is, All right, what kind of pants are you wearing while giving a massage that Travolta can grab three separate items in the dark? Because I want those pants in every color. And the guy said that Travolta grabbed his scrotum, and then he said a few minutes later he– Whoa, whoa, whoa. So you kept massaging him? Fuck you. How many legitimate interactions do any of you have on a daily basis where if you grab somebodys scrotum, you only get a warning? I dont know, try that the next time you go to the dentist. If he gets a little too close just reach out. [GROANING] Oh, yeah, Im sure hes just going to go, Up, up, up. Come on, now. Thats the third time Ive told you to quit poking and tugging my bag, you silly goose. Four more times and youre out of here. Two million dollars. We wonder why were such a country of like, you know, human resources, litigious douche bags. Its because we cant stop suing each other. Do you understand what John Travolta would have to do to me during a massage for me to want $2 million in punitive damages? As I started massaging him, he would have to pull out my dick and start punching it. And hed have to put on brass knuckles and put it up against the edge of the table and punch it for the entire hour, and then take me up in his private plane and pull his dick out, and then say, Now suck it, or Im going to crash and kill us both. And then once we landed safely… [APPLAUSE] Once we landed safely, if I said– [SPITTING] –Hey, John. I had to clarify that, because I didnt want you to think its: Hey, John. If I said,Hey, John, you know, you punched my dick for an hour and then fucked my face and came in my mouth; could we take a picture together? If he said, No picture, then I still wouldnt sue him. Id ask him to sign my Pulp Fiction and Id shut the fuck up. But I feel really good. I feel– I finally feel awake tonight, because Ive been talking for a long time in the shows: I have terrible, terrible sleep apnea. And I know some of you guys have it, because Ive got a big fan response. Who has sleep apnea here? Some people have it? [SMATTERING OF APPLAUSE] Im going to show you a picture of myself in my apnea mask, because– And I used to have it on my phone, and I would show people. But is there a more horrifying moment than when you hand your phone to somebody to look at a photo? Because all youre thinking is, Dont scroll. You stay within arms reach of your phone. If they move back a step, you scooch up a step. Whats wrong? Nothing. Because I know whats on either side of that apnea photo, you know? Its apnea photo, cock pic, cock pic. So could we bring that down? This is me in my sleep apnea mask. That is not the look a woman goes for. I think women would be more turned on if I went to bed with a fleshlight taped to my face. Just look at that. If you have a pussy, I challenge you to keep it wet while looking at this. Impossible. That dries up a vagina faster than a hot fan. And its not just the mask thats so humil– Because the mask is bad enough, but do you see the little white chin strap? Now heres what that is, because the way the mask works, its over your nose and it forces air into your lungs, expanding your lungs as you breathe so you sleep through the night and you dont wake up gasping. But because I have such a fucking weak chin and little shitty thin bird lips, my mouth kept going: [SMACKING LIPS AND GROANING] And all the air was shooting out of the front of my face. So I would wake up with my face queefing. I like to put it on after sex. Like, we have sex and then I put it on. Im like, Ha-ha, look at who you fucked. Ah-ha, you fucd Bane. How do you feel about that? So I had to buy that fucking little chin strap. Ha, You want to fuck me? I look like I have the mumps in 1930. All right, you can pull that up, because that is just fucking horrendous. [APPLAUSE] So, ah, the mask– Heres the problem. And a lot more of you probably have sleep apnea than realize it. Like, if you snore thats a big sign of sleep apnea. And its amazing how angry we get at people when they snore, because when somebody is snoring that person is dying next to you. But you ever just stare at somebody while they snore, and you get angrier and angrier? Why dont you shut the fuck up? Shut up, you selfish piece of shit. You ever just look at their stupid lips quivering? And you want to just pinch their nose? [SNORTING] Do you understand when you pinch somebodys nose, youre daring them to die. Youre playing a game of chicken with the Grim Reaper. Like, all right, cocksucker, Im calling your bluff. Now what? And then when they finally breathe– [GASPING] –thats what I thought, scumbag. Thats like somebody being on a ledge going, Ill jump! And you go, Well, its cold in here. Fuck you. And you close the window. But when you have sleep apnea, man, it scares you, because you feel like your body is against you. Do you know how scary it is to go to bed and I feel like my tongue and face are trying to murder me in my sleep. I mean, its so anti-nature. Your body is supposed to protect you. And I dont understand why my tongue does what it does. Like, at least if you snore your bodys trying to get help. Because if youre like– [SNORING] –thats your bodys way of going, Hey, hey, hey, can somebody elbow this jizz bucket? Were dying! But my tongue just lays over my throat. Its like, Shh, itll be over soon. I would love to ask my tongue, What do you think happens if I die, asshole? You live on and run the show? Like, my tongue just wants to kill me because hes thinking, Then Ill only have to go down on women I like. No more transsexuals. Guys get so homophobic. They, like, beat up transsexuals. This is the face you should make if a tranny fools you. Youre good. Nicely done. Why get angry? You dont get mad if somebody hands you peanut brittle and you open it and a snake pops out. Do you know how sad I am that only half of you understood the brilliant example I just gave you? And I hope I dont get in trouble for saying tranny. Thats, like, an offensive term. Youre not supposed to say tranny. So I dont want anybody to go home and blog about it. Thats what people do now. They say something offensive, like, blog, blog, blog. I didnt like what I heard in the comedy show. Blog, blog, blog. Oh, I fucking hate people who blog about being upse– When I hear about people blogging because they were upset at a joke, I am suddenly for predator drones killing American citizens. People just love to be offended and they love to talk about it. They love to fucking blog about it. And comedians are supposed to say theyre sorry now. Like, thats all it takes: somebody blogging. Like Tracy Morgan said he was sorry, Daniel Tosh. And Im not shitting on these comedians. I understand why Tracy and why Tosh apologized. Because they had a lot of money at stake. They were smart to apologize. But its like, what are we, shocked that comedians make fun of offensive things? Tracys fucking always said crazy shit. Thats kind of what makes him really funny. And Tosh was making jokes about rape, and some woman stood up and, you know, Rape is not funny! And he said something like, Everybody rape her,  which is fucking hilarious. Thats the greatest thing I have ever heard. But, of course, victim country, she had to go home and blog,blog. And I felt very threatened. Blog, blog, blog. Oh, yeah, Im sure you were terrified, because comedy club rapes happen all the time. Im surprised you people came tonight, with the threat of rape in the air. Oh, yeah, weve all seen the news specials. Comedy and rape: can they be separated? And all these special interest groups who agreed with her ideologically. They sided with her interrupting the show. And theyre like, You had every right to make your feelings known. No, you did not. If you werent enjoying his show, you had every right to get up and quietly leave the performance. Because the minute you talk, youre a heckler, bitch, and you got what you deserved. Fuck her. Fuck her and fuck her blog. Why is comedy the only form of the arts where people think that they have to agree with or approve the content? Why is that? You dont walk through a museum with a towel and throw it over paintings you dont like. I dont want anybody else seeing this, because I didnt quite enjoy it. [APPLAUSE] Oh, and you know the one group that owes us all an apology and theyre never going to give it to us is the mainstream media in this country. There has never been a greater assembly of vultures under the same umbrella of a profession. And they do things like continually show photos of the shooters. They continually print the manifestos of the shooters. Even though FBI profilers and personality profilers and psychologists have told them time after time after time: Do not show photos of these people. Do not print their writings, because it encourages other people to do the same. They know they are contributing to the violence, and they dont give a fuck. And theyve never had to say theyre sorry. Comedy never leads to violence. Youre never going to hear, Two Jews walk into a bar; lets kill those fucking kikes! Its never happened. And by showing photos of these guys– I dont need to see the photos of these people. Im not interested in what they look like. First of all, they all look exactly like you know theyre going to look. Are you ever surprised? They showed the guy from Connecticut. The guy from Connecticut looked exactly like the guy from Aurora, Colorado, who looked exactly like that piece of shit from Arizona. They all have that psychotic fucking lonely wide-eyed look, with their little shitty pupil dying in the middle with white surrounding– Heres a rule of thumb: If you have white all the way around your pupil, you are a nut. Youre a nut. And they never smile in their photos. Theyre always– Theyre always trying to smile, but they cant because theyre just thinking of murder, murder, murder. Me, me, me. Murder, murder, me, me, me. By the way, who are the photographers taking these psychotic head shots? We should give guns to photographers. You know who were looking for. We have your back. If you take a photo of somebody and their eyes are like that and theyre happy with it, blow their fucking brains out. And I love how the press does this. They honor the nicknames that these guys give themselves. Thats what vultures the media is. Like the Aurora, Colorado shooter. He called himself the Joker, and the press went with it. He didnt look like the Joker. He had puffy, orange hair. The Carrot Top Killer, thats what he should have been called. That doesnt have an anti-hero ring to it. Nobody would have wanted to emulate the Carrot Top Killer. You know, the next creep would have been like, Oh, thats fucking humiliating. Im just going to hang myself alone in the basement like I should. I wish it was that easy to get a nickname picked up. You all would have come to see Big Cock Jimmy tonight. Come see Girth McGuillicuddy. Or they– I love how they perpetuate the story by looking for the motives. I love this fucking ridiculous exercise. Why did he do it? What are his motives? Gee, I dont know, because hes fucking crazy? Maybe thats why he did it? I am not interested in the inner workings of a psychotic mind. I dont give a shit. Youre never going to get a real answer as to why a guy walked into a theater in Colorado and shot people. What are we looking for? Well, he ordered tickets online and they werent available when he got there. Oh, all right, at least it was a real reason. Thank God, because that makes it feel less random and frightening. Im sick and tired of searching for the motives. If he shat in his own hand and started eating it, nobody would go, What are his motives? Why is he doing that? Wed all be going, Look at that crazy fuck. Back over his head with a truck and lets get it over with. One more thought on Colorado. I almost forgot. Do you know who really impressed me after the Colorado shootings? Christian Bale. Because I always thought he was a real piece of shit, like a cranky, douchy actor. But after the shootings he actually went to the hospital and talked to a bunch of the victims. Im like, What a nice guy. And I wonder if any of them looked at him and said, Where the fuck were you? Hes a great actor, but I dont like him as Batman at all. Like, I like him as Bruce Wayne, but that stupid stroke, lisp voice. Im Batman. Thats what you– Tell the Riddler I have Bells palsy. Ill be doing the New Years Eve countdown from now on. Blog, blog, blog. I didnt like that Dick Clark joke. Blog, blog, blog, blog, blog, blog. Holy fuck, are you guys great. [APPLAUSE] I need to get laid badly. [WOMEN CHEERING] Ooh. Nice. Are you by yourself, miss? I cant see you, but Im listening. Are you alone? [WOMAN YELPING] I like that sound. Where are you? [MANS VOICE] Right here! Oh. Thats about the fucking– Thats the norm. Ive gotten so much weirder as Ive gotten older, sexually. Like, scent is a very sexy thing to me. I like the smell of a pussy. Like, yeah, I want it to smell like– I mean, again, subtle. Like, you know, you dont want to notice when shes coming up the driveway. Or even the smell of a foot. Like, I dont have a foot fetish, but I kind of like a foot to be a little stinky. Not dirty, like you know what I mean? Dont come over after youve been doing, taking a zumba class in a fucking warehouse barefoot. But if your foots a little stinky, Ill suck your toes. But I dont know what to do with a foot in my mouth. I always feel weird. Like, Okay… Because you just feel silly. Ow, youre scraping my gums, you whore! But you feel weird sucking all the toes, because you feel like youre giving five consecutive blowjobs, in order from black to Asian. And you cant get mad at that joke, because I didnt say what side of the foot I started on. But we all know, dont we? Although my favorite thing to do is eat pussy. I eat pussy really well. And I know Im good at it, because I stop every 30 seconds and go, Huh? Huh? And I like a big pussy. I like a fucking fat one. I like camel toe that will stop conversation at a party. The type of camel toe you can see with Google Earth. Like, I hate when you pull the panties aside and its just a little dumb pussy. Hi. Hi. Boo! Boo! Id love to have a giant cock. Like, where you put it in and the girls like, Aah, go slow. You know how nice it is to hear, go slow? Because then you know the only reason youre not in the hospital is because Im a good guy. But if I tell a girl, Im going to fuck you hard,  theyre like, All right. Its your money. [APPLAUSE] Thank you, Boston. I love you very much. Thank you guys for coming. I appreciate you coming down. Thank you so much. Thank you. [AUDIENCE CHEERING]

CHRIS DELIA@WHITE MALE. BLACK COMIC.@2013@Man: [rapping] ? damn, damn, damn ? ? feel my flow, act like you dont know ? ? but you do, its chad smith ? ? who are you? ? ? Come through the door, and the party for sho ? ? might feel my flow, this is how I roll ? ? why do some dudes have more bitches? ? ? Thats the way it goes, gonna pull some stitches ? ? after that, does it hurt? ? ? And make it jerk ? ? oh, yeah, rocking, right? ? ? Something like every night ? [cheers and applause] ? thats what I do ? ? short hair on a bitch is cool ? ? were changing a little bit ? [Rap music continues] [Cheers and applause continue] DElia: Whats up?! Thank you for coming out here, man. New Orleans — all right, this is awesome, man. Man: [shouts indistinctly] DElia: Yeah, man. Careful with that, man. [Laughter] People in New Orleans are always drunk. [Laughter] all the time. Its like 11:00 in the morning, and people are just like [grunts drunkenly] [Laughter] whatever! Drink it. Lets bring it outside. We can drink outside, man. People get drunk, man. Dudes get drunk. Nobody gets more drunk than a girl, man. [Laughter] yeah, girls get way drunker than dudes. Yeah. No, its true. Girls get drunk. [Slurring] hey, you know what? Uh, excuse me. Uh… [Laughter] [Cheers and applause] [Normal voice] I always knew when my ex would get way too drunk cause she would always say this. [Slurring] guess what? You do the math. [Laughter] [Normal voice] like, yo, I did the math. Eight shots equals too many. [Laughter] [slurring] yeah, exactly, exactly. So, uh, whats your point? Whats your point? [Laughter] exactly, yeah. Exactly! [Laughter] [Normal voice] one drunk girl, I can handle. I cant handle more than one. Girls get drunk when theyre together, its way worse. Theyre like voltron. Their powers are much stronger when combined. [Slurring] yeah, Ill form the head. Whoo! [Normal voice] girls get drunk, man, they act like its an accomplishment. Theyll have one too many drinks and be like, [slurring] we made it! [Laughter] whoo! We did it! We made it! Ooh, ooh! [Laughter] da-da! [Normal voice] what did you make? You made a fool of yourself, is what you made. Girl get drunk, man, and they dont even know what theyre talking about. They think they do. [Slurring] hey, get guess? You dont even know — you know what is it? [Laughter] excuse me. Where — where are you going? You dont know what it is it? [Laughter] yeah, you dont know what is [mumbling] is that what it is? O-o-h! [Laughter] excuse me. [Mumbles] saying it? What it is, isnt it worth saying? [Mumbling] Barack Obama. Is that what it is? Yeah. Yes, exactly. It doesnt even matter. It doesnt even matter. [Normal voice] nothing matters to a drunk girl at all. [Laughter] nothing! Youd be like, yo, theres a crocodile right next to you. [Slurring] uh, excuse me. I have a question for you. [Laughter] uh, is it your crocodile? [Laughter] no, exactly. [Normal voice] theyll just add to it. [Slurring] youre afraid that its gonna take your job. Is that what it is? Are you scared a crocodile is gonna take your job? Hello, it doesnt even have pants on. You cant — how many people have no pants with a job? You cant. [Normal voice] youre like, do you even need me for this conversation? [Slurring] no, I dont need it. I dont need it. Im an independent woman. I dont need you! I dont need your help. I just sit here. The shoes on my feet. I bought them. I dont care. [Laughter] [Cheers and applause] You dont know me. You — youre saying that you know me, all of the friends around. [Gags] if you — hey. [Laughter] youre saying that you know me with [gags] all the friends around. No. [Gags] you know? [Gags] [Normal voice] hey, drunk girls are the only people on the planet that can almost throw up and not care about it at all. [Laughter] right? If youre a dude and you almost throw up, you know game over immediately, right? Youll be like, hey, bro [gags] get my things! [Laughter] [gags] nobody move! Stay where you [gagging] girls dont do that. Girls dont care at all. Girls just be like… [Slurring] hey [gags] where are you going? [Laughter] [gags] [giggles drunkenly] [gags] this is my song! [Laughter] [Cheers and applause] [gags] I love this song! [Gags] I love Rihanna, I love Rihanna! [Gags] Im Rihanna! Im her! [Gags] [Normal voice] youre like, yo, you almost threw up. [Slurring] it doesnt even matter. [Laughter] [Normal voice] girls get that drunk. Dudes dont. Dudes dont get that drunk, man. Girls get drunk, and theyll dance around. Dudes get drunk, they just sit down, right? Thats a dude move. A dude will have one too many drinks and just be like, [slurring] hey, you know what I mean? Um, all right, forget it. [Laughter] you know what I mean? I hate this party. Screw this party. I hate this party. [Normal voice] theyre not even at a party. Just [slurring] everybody out! Now! I want everybody out! Out! [Normal voice] theyre alone in their bed. Get out! [Slurring] everybody, out. Lets go get fast food now. [Laughs] thats the move, man. Thats — all my friends will get drunk, and then at the end of the night, they want to get fast food. Thats a move, man. But Im never more annoyed than when Im at the drive-through, and theres drunk people in the backseat, right? Its so annoying, man, cause they always order better than you. You know what I mean? Like, first of all, its easy. I got it. Second of all, Im the sober one, so you relax, okay? Theres always somebody in the back just like, [slurring] hey, get me a seven. I want a seven! I want a — tom, tell the guy I want a seven. Tell the guy. Hey, you, tell him to tell the guy I want a seven. [Normal voice] shut up. Shut up. [Slurring] what? Why would I be quiet? Why? You know what? Maybe if I didnt want a seven, then Id be like… But I do. [Gags] I do. I want a seven. [Normal voice] shh! Be quiet. [Slurring] what? [Normal voice] I already ordered the seven. If you order the seven, then were gonna get two sevens. I dont want two sevens. [Slurring] I dont want two sevens. I want one seven, okay? Maybe if I wanted two sevens, I would get a 14, okay? But I dont. [Gags] I dont want that. You do the math. I dont want that. I want a seven! [Normal voice] be quiet. Youre not even at the drive-through yet. Youre at a red light on canal street. [Cheers and applause] Shes screaming at a Kinkos with the window rolled up. [Slurring] I want a seven! [Normal voice] be quiet! And why is there always some jerk sitting next to her thats just like, seriously, bro, just get her a seven? [Laughter] [slurring] I hate this party. Everybody out. [Normal voice] Girls get drunk like that, man. You ever see a girl get so drunk it looks like she goes back in time for three seconds? Thats a move girls have. Theyll just be like, [slurring] hey! [Inhales deeply] where am i? Oh, Im still here. It doesnt even matter. [Gags] [Normal voice] yeah, girls dont make sense. You never understand — when theyre drunk, you never understand what the hell theyre talking about, but, also, when girls are not drunk, you never understand what the hell theyre talking about, man. Yeah! [Cheers and applause] [laughs] yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, its true. This ones like, no. No, its not. No, its not. Its not. Its not. Its not? Its not? Yeah, the dudes with her. Hes like, its not, man. Its not. [Laughter] its not, honey. Its not. [Laughter] yeah, girls do — girls do just talk, though. See, right there. Girls love chiming in, right? [Laughs] nobody likes chiming in more than a girl. Girl will just be like, you know what else? And youre like, yeah, yeah. What? I dont know. Just, like, what are you guys talking about? Yeah, yeah. Cool, man. Girls like to use words — sometimes they dont even know what the hell theyre talking about. Like, the words that they use, theyre not even in the right place. Girls pick words that they like and then just run with it. Girls are on some new thing where theyre calling everything random. Girls will say somethings random, its not even random. A girl will be like, oh, my god, youre wearing a jacket. Thats so random. Its not random. Its winter. You know what I mean? [Laughter] yeah, you know what would be random? If it wasnt winter, I was still wearing a jacket, and then I ate a monkey. That would be random. [Laughter] I had a girl tell me the other day this. She said, you know what? You text me at the most random times in the day. I was like, really? When are those times? Like, when are random times that happen during the day? She was like, I dont know. Its just random whenever you text me, god. I was like, yeah, but tell me when those random times are so I can text you the other times, yeah? This is what she hit me with. She said, I dont know. Whatevers random to one person isnt necessarily random to the next. [Laughter] like, yo, you cant just make up a saying like youre Yoda, and then the conversations over. You got to mean something when you talk, and dont tweet a picture of a salad. Thats the main point Im trying to get at. [Laughter] [Cheers and applause] Girls do just use words. Sometimes they use phrases. They dont even think about what they mean. Heres something common a girl would say when youre trying to have sex with her. This is something a girl says often when youre trying to get her into bed. Shell go like this. Um, hello, you cant handle this. [Laughs] uh, excuse me. You think you cant handle this? No, you cant handle this. [Normal voice] yo, I can! [Laughter] what are you talking about? Its just sex. Ive had it six times before. I know how it goes down. [Laughter] [applause] yo, I go inside you. 4 1/2 Minutes, its over. Thats what happens, man. Yeah, I end up feeling good. You feel kind of okay. Thats what happens, man. What do you mean I cant handle it? Youre acting like when I slip inside you, the s.w.a.t. Team is gonna burst through the door and arrest my ass. I couldnt handle that. Guess what? That would be random. [Laughter, cheers and applause] Yeah, man. Pow-pow, pow-pow-pow, pow-pow-pow-pow. Yeah. Hell, yeah, man. Girls do just talk and say stuff. Sometimes they dont think about it. I mean, maybe its the girls Im hanging out with. Whatever. You know. Its probably half my fault. Dont laugh at that. But, you know… I mean, I was on a date recently with this girl, and this is what she said in the middle of the date. She looks at me, and she goes like this. Oh, my god, theres, like, so many trees. [Laughter] yeah. But because you want to fuck her, youll be like, oh, yeah, I know, right? Why are they everywhere? What?! Youll add to it. Some are little, and then they grow up, right? What is that? Theyre like kids, but theyre trees. What?! If your friend heard you say that, they would punch you in the face immediately. Oh, my god, theres, like, so many trees. When she first said that, I was mad at her immediately. I was like, man, now Ive got to talk about trees for the next few minutes, like I care. And then I realized quickly that its not even her fault that shes talking about trees, man. Its all the dudes before me that she dateds fault for agreeing with whatever the hell shes talking about so she doesnt have to develop a personality. [Cheers and applause] Hey, fellas, thats your job to nip that in the bud, okay? If youre on a date and a girl says something crazy like, oh, my god, theres, like, so many trees, you look her right in the eyes and you say, nah. Fuck trees. [Laughter, cheers and applause] Yeah, man. That will definitely start an argument, though. Dont do that. What do you mean? My ex used to argue all the time, man, with me. And we would argue so much that she would always blame it on her period, which was terrible, man. You cant do that two times in one month. Like, I know… I know how many times it happens during one month, and thats one time. Yo, I didnt know this, though. By the way, Im an idiot. Let me just say that. And, girls, vouch for this. For real — be honest. When you guys hang out together and become friends, you guys all get your periods at the same time, right? Right? Yo, what kind of weird mutant x-men shit is that? [Laughter] no. Look at you clapping. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, we do. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Oh, my god. Are you on it? Me too! Im on it, too! You are, too? Were all on it! Dude, girls, thats so weird, man. That would be the worst superpower ever. How would you fight crime with that? Could you imagine? Just… Stop, evildoer. [Laughter] aah! Did you just do what I think you did?! Im out of here! He starts to run away. Not so fast! [Laughter] that joke hurts my head and my knees. [Laughs] yo, my buddy told me hes dating a dude recently. I didnt know he was gay at all. It was weird, man. But I knew this guy for like seven years, but he told me in a weird way. He was like, hey, man, Im dating this dude, and what happened was, we were hanging out the other day. It was hilarious. Im like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. [Laughter] back up. Youre gay? And this is what he says. He says, eh, thats not the point of the story. [Laughter] Im like, yo, thats definitely the point of the story for me. Youre gay? And he says, nah. [Laughter] Im like, yo, how do you figure youre not gay if youre dating a dude? Thats the gayest thing I can come up with in the next five minutes for sure. Explain yourself. This is what he hit me with. He said, yeah, I dont really look at it like that, you know? I didnt fall in love with a dude. I fell in love with a person. Im like, yo, thats gayer than what you just said! [Laughter] [applause] are you doing poetry? Thats really gay. Just, i didnt fall in love with a man. I fell in love with his soul. [Laughs merrily] [Laughter] my other friend wont even talk to him anymore. Hes all mad. Hes like, man, he lied to us. Thats the crew. You never do that to the crew. You never lie or keep secrets from the crew. Hes untrustworthy. Man, death before dishonor. He said that part, which [laughs] yo, you cant — he works at a crate & barrel. You cant say… [Laughter] you cannot say, death before dishonor [laughs] if you work at crate & barrel. Thats reserved only for generals and Tupac. Thats it, you know? [Laughter] but he was hating on him, man. He was like, what, hes gay? Ill never — heres the deal. I dont know why — I dont know why everybody doesnt know this, okay? If you hate gay people for no reason, straight-up, youre gay, all right? [Laughter] [Cheers and applause] Nobody hates somebody else for doing something that doesnt affect or involve them at all unless it stirs up some weird feelings inside of them that they havent figured out themselves yet. Thats the truth, okay? [Cheers and applause] My buddy got mad. He was like, what?! Hes gay?! No way! Ill never hang out with him again! Thats ridiculous! Does he want to fuck me? Ill never hang out with him again! Thats a choice he made! Hes not born that way! He needs to be on his own island until he un-chooses to be gay, then maybe he can come back here! Maybe Ill hang out with him again! Thats how much I hate gay people! Man, I hate gay people! Im like, first of all, relax. Were at starbucks. Just chill out… [Laughter] …and dial it down cause theres a lot of gay people in here always. [Laughter] if thats how you feel, youre gay, all right? Its fine. Just come to terms with it. Let me put it into perspective, okay? Imagine hanging out with your friend and all of a sudden, he jumps up. Hes like, you know what? Fuck butterfingers! [Laughs] [Laughter] I would never eat a butterfinger ever! I hate going to 7-eleven and seeing butterfingers grouped in with the other candies like they belong! Matter of fact, they need their own convenience store called the butterfinger store, and I would never be caught dead inside that store! Even if I needed to go near that store, I would an alternate route and go the opposite side of town to a different store! Thats how much I hate butterfingers! Man, I hate butterfingers! Youd be like, yo, what happened between you and a butterfinger? [Laughter] [Cheers and applause] what — whatever. One time in college. [Laughs] I had one butterfinger. Who cares? I put it in my butt. Whatever. [Laughter] theres no wrong way to eat it. [Laughs] it was random. [Laughter] have sex with whoever you want to. Its hard enough to find somebody that wants to have sex with you, man. You want to have sex with a girl, have sex with a girl. You want to fuck a dude, you know what? Fuck that dude! [Laughter] [Cheers and applause] Yeah, for real — hard! Who cares? You know what I mean? Have sex with whoever you want to, uh, if they want to. Dont — okay, heres… [Laughter] [applause] this is very important, this next part. Listen [chuckles] listen to this part, okay? If you dont listen to anything, listen to this part, all right? If you want to have sex with somebody, and youre like, hey, I want to have sex with you, and the other persons like, yeah! Do it for sure. But [laughing] if you want to fuck someone and youre like, hey, I want to fuck you, and the other persons like, no! Dont do it. [Laughter and applause] yeah, youll go to jail for a long time, man. Thats rape. Dont do that ever, man. Yo, I love doing this, man — stand-up, not talking about rape. [Laughter] but, you know, I mean, thats what Im saying. Like, dont judge someone else for who they are attracted. They cant even help it, you know? Its hard enough to find somebody, like — I mean, its hard to get laid. I mean, not for me. But you know what I mean? Like, you got to… [Laughter] [laughs] [Laughter] it is, though, man. Its hard, man, cause girls are just always like — guys are always just like, hey, uh, come on, you know? And girls are just like, no-o-o. [Laughter] and guys are like, well, come on, now. Maybe — maybe, though? [Laughs] and girls are like, mnh-mnh-mnh! Oh, man, what about now? No, I dont do that. I dont just do that. I dont just, like, sleep around. I dont just do that. I dont fuck around, and were like, cool, I dont want to fuck around. I want to fuck you right here. [Laughter] [laughs] I cant just do it. I cant let my emotions — I cant separate the two, you know? Its like — its like all in one encompassing thing. Like, you cant — like, I dont just have sex. Like, I want to just, like — I cant. Trust me, I wish I could do it. I wish. I wish I could do it, but I cant do it. Like, for instance, my friend – whats her number? [Laughter] [Cheers and applause] [chuckles] I dont just give my body to whoever wants my body. [Laughs] I wait. I wait to pick someone, and then I make love. [Laughter] I like to make love. I dont just sleep around. I make love. Thats what I call it — making love. All right, cool, whatever. Call it whatever you want. I dont care, call it Nintendo. It doesnt matter. As long as Im inside you, it feels like fucking. Thats all, you know? Woman: Whoo! DElia: Sluts. [Laughter] [Cheers and applause] [Laughs] We must be wrong at this making-love nonsense, because were the only species that does it. Theres no other species on the planet that does it. We have to take each other out and impress each other and court each other and, like, take each other to applebees or whatever. Like, you cant — like, theres no bears ever at applebees, ever. You know what I mean? Like, even if theyre at applebees, people get called to get these bears out of applebees. Thats awesome! Bears arent even allowed to make love, is my point. You know, they just walk up to each other. Theyre like, bah, Im a bear. Youre a bear, too. [Roars] and then they do it. Thats it — no middleman, no applebees, no courting, no nothing, man! Imagine — hey, yo. You know how weird it would be if you saw two bears legitimately making love? I mean, hey, yo, okay. Imagine youre walking through the forest, and imagine you — shut the fuck up. Imagine youre walking through the forest. [Cheers and applause] Hey, sweetheart, heres the thing, man. This is the best. I love when a girl does this and acts up and starts screaming out, okay, because heres what you think, okay? What you think is, youre making the show better, right? Because what you do is go, ah, ha ha, and say some dumb thing. And then I come in and say something, and then everyone laughs. So you go home, and shes like, oh, my god. I made the show so much better. Yo! Hey, yo. No, you didnt. You fucked it up. I fixed it cause Im hilarious. [Cheers and applause] Yeah, man. Thats cool. Thatll be on the deleted scenes. You dont like to make love. You like to straight fuck, huh? But thats the thing, man. Bears — they dont make love. You know how crazy it would be? Hey, we got to be doing it wrong if were the only species that does it. You know how crazy it would be if you were walking through the forest and you saw [laughs] hey, and you saw two bears — all right, hey, what if you were walking through the [laughs] yeah, what if you were walking through the forest and you saw two bears, like, legitimately making love? Like, it [laughs] [Laughter] like, yeah, it wasnt even doggie style. Thats how you knew it was love. [Laughs] like, it was like face-to-face. Like — like, they had, like, eye contact. Like, they were doing it [laughs] like, kissing, like, tongue kissing, like [splutters] like, with their jaws and [laughs] on a blanket — on a blanket. [Laughter] on a blanket, and there was, like, an iPod on, and you saw the — you saw the male bear pick the song. He was like, [roars] Michael Bublé, bah! Or whatever. [Laughter] [Cheers and applause] Yo, that would mess you up for a whole week, at least, man! You definitely wouldnt listen to Michael Bublé anymore! [Laughter] were the only species that listens to Michael Bublé when we have sex! Thats got to be wrong, man! All right? And every time I talk about this — every time I talk about this onstage, theres always some jerk that comes up to me after my show thats like, hey, uh, yo, were not the only species that makes love. Uh, ever hear of dolphins? Yeah, yeah, bro. Shut the fuck up, man. [Laughter] yeah, you need arms to make love, for real. You need to hold each other and caress each other and kiss and light candles. You cant [chirping] yo. [Laughs] hey, theres nothing lovely about [chirping] if I was having sex with you, and all of a sudden I just went [chirping] youd be like, yo, get out of here! And I would get out. I would be like, its cause of that ah-ah-ah thing, right? [Laughter] were the only species that makes love. It must be wrong. You know what peacocks do to get laid? They do one thing. They dont have nice cars. They dont comb their hair or have good jobs to get laid. They do one thing, and one thing only, and its this. [Blows] and they just prance around like, you know, you probably want to have sex with me, right? [Laughter] and the girls like, oh, my god, yes, I want to have sex with you right now. Or shes like, I dont like the way you do it. I like the way your friend does it. Bye! But thats it — no middleman, no applebees, no nothing, man! [Laughter] how come we cant be like that? You know how cool it would be if we have mating calls or something? [Laughs] [Laughter] wed be at a bar with our friends. Wed be hanging out, and we see a girl. All of a sudden, itd be on right then. Wed be like, yeah, man, you got me last year with that fantasy draft, but this year, Im coming for you, man. Make no mistakes. Im getting Lebron, and I — oh, damn, you see that girl right there? I got this. Hold on one second. [Squawks] [Laughter] [applause] [laughter continues] [squawking] if she liked you, shed just [bleating] [squawks] [bleats] thatd be the most annoying bar ever. Hey, but at least you wouldnt have to go to applebees. [Laughs] [Laughter] [Cheers and applause] Yeah, man. Yo, but were still human, right? We couldnt handle that mating-call thing, cause we would try to get a girl, and then our buddy would want her more, and he would mess our game up, man. Hed be the peacock blocker. [Laughter] dudes try to get laid so much, man. Its so funny. And they all think they got it, you know? All these dudes are like, yeah. She likes me. No, she doesnt, man. You suck. We all suck, man. For real. My favorite thing is when dudes think they got it. Like, they use their only thing that they know how to do to get laid, right? Like, my favorite dudes that do this are like this. Like, those extreme, big-muscle bodybuilder-type dudes that think that girls like that because thats — yo, girls dont care about the biggest dude ever anymore. Nobody cares about the — its not the 1200s. Its now. Girls dont care about that. And all these dudes are just working out. Rah! All these girls love me! All these girls want me! They all want me! Rah! Im the biggest dude ever, and all these girls are looking at me. Yeah, they are all looking at you, but theyre doing it like this. Ew! [Cheers and applause] I never heard a girl ever say this. Oh, my god, I want my boyfriend to be extra veiny. Ive never heard that. Ive never heard a girl say, I want my man — okay, first of all, its okay if hes white, but I want him to be so tan that hes darker than a black guy. Thats what I want. The only reason to build your body up is if youre competing, and even that is terrible. You look like an idiot. [Laughs] yo, those poses are the worst poses ever. Theres no way youre getting laid after these girls see you posing like that. Theres no way any girl wants to have sex with a dude after they see him do this. [Laughter] yo, man. Hey, my favorite is when they pose the legs, though, cause for a split second, you dont have a clue what theyre posing, right? Cause its obvious when they do this, thats the bicep. Thats the tricep, right? These are lats. Whatever. I love when they pose the legs, because when they come out, they go like this. Like, yo, is a magic show about to start? Whats happening, man? Are they trying to change the weather? Like [laughs] [grunts] and…its sunny. Youre welcome. Yeah, man. Were all trying to find that person, though. But its hard to hit on girls nowadays. Its real hard, cause they know whats coming immediately, right? Girls know — when we come up to you, you know what we want immediately. You just know, right? Its not like the 40s anymore. Yo, in the 40s, a dude could hit on a girl, and she didnt even know what was happening till that couple had a baby. For real. Dudes were afraid to say what we say nowadays. They would just walk up to a girl and be all cryptic and do it in code and say something crafty like, hey, you know, you look mighty fine in the sunlight. [Laughter] that would catch a girl off-guard. She would just, [gasping] oh, my. A gentleman suitor. [Laughter] and then the dude would even be more cryptic and say something like, well, maybe one day, I could be around the same area as your father. [Laughter] and then the girl wouldnt know what to say. She would respond with something even more cryptic, like, maybe one day you could take me for a ride. What are you talking about, man?! And then that girl would get all gigly cause she met a boy, right? In the 40s, when girls met boys, they would just, [giggling] oh, my god! Theyd run to their friends, right? And their friends would already be giggling in the room. [Giggling] oh, my god, carol, what happened? Why is your face so happy? No, no, I dont want to talk about it. No. Yes, carol, but you must. No! [Giggling] carol met a boy today. No. No, I didnt. Dont spill the beans. No! She met a boy. I saw it. No! And then she would explain what happened, but she would be even more cryptic, cause she didnt know what was going on. She would just say something like, well, I just like how hes not full of banana oil like the rest of the boys. Yeah, carol likes how he has moxie. What the hell is moxie, and what are you talking about? Just have a baby. But, see, what happened was, that sunlight dude and carol got together, had a baby, and then those babies grew up, and were all sitting here right now. Thats who we are. But now, the girls are hip to the game, man. We walk up to a girl, they know exactly what we want. Well be like, hey. Hey. Whats up? Um, you know, you maybe want to, um, like, hang out sometime? Um, no. Youre a creepy asshole. [Cheers and applause] Oh, yeah. Youre right. Youre right. No, shes right. I wish I had moxie. Yeah, man. It doesnt matter anymore how cool you look, what you drive. Nobody cares. There are other cars out there with dudes in them. Girls dont care. [Laughs] Doesnt matter. You need to come in at an angle, man. Like, you need to be cool. Like, thats why I see British dudes with the hottest girls ever, especially in L.A. British dudes will walk around with the hottest girls ever cause they look regular, but then when they talk, theyre like, [British accent] Hello. How are you doing? [Normal voice] right? Girls cant mess with that, just… [British accent] Hello. How are you? [Normal voice] Aah! Are you for real?! [British accent] Yes, I am quite for real. Hello. You look beautiful in this outfit you put together. I would like to take you to the library. [Normal voice] or whatever they say. I dont know. [British accent] no, I havent read all the books. [Laughter] woman: all right, baby! [Cheers and applause] DElia: [Normal voice] Hey, how come, when British people walk around, they always have their heads wobbling? [British accent] why do they always have their heads wobbling like that? They do it, though. [Laughs] you know why they do that? Cause theyll go to the library, read the books, gain the information, and then just kind of jostle it around in their head like that. [Laughter] [applause] [laughs] theyll go to the library, check out a bunch of books, read them, and then just bounce it around in their noggin. [Laughter] literally, thats what theyll do. Literally — I will literally do that. [Normal voice] British people always say literally. They say literally way too much, man. They say literally – its like theyre trying to prove how british they are. [British accent] Im literally British. Literally — Im literally British. [Normal voice] theyll say it when they dont even need to. Hell be like, I literally ate a hot dog. Like, what do you mean? You had lunch? [British accent] no. I literally stuffed it in me mouth to where I literally chewed it up with me incisors till it literally traveled down me esophagus at a snails pace to where it literally stayed in me stomach region for literally, like, four hours until I literally expelled it out me back end. [Laughter] [Normal voice] yo, one time I was talking about British dudes on stage like this. And afterward, one was in my show, he got so mad. Yo, British dudes get mad. He came up to me, he was like, [British accent] hey, can I talk to you for a second? [Normal voice] I was like, whats up? Hes like [British accent] first of all, we dont all talk like that. [Normal voice] Im like, thats cool, but then youve got to change your voice immediately, cause thats exactly how I just sounded, you know what I mean? [British accent] oh, right. Yeah. Right, right. Yeah. Ehh. Ehhhhhh. Good one. Good one. Yeah, yeah. Youre never off, huh? Youre never off? Even when youre off-stage, youre still zinging them, arent you? Yeah. You got moxie, dont you? Huh? I listened. Yeah. Yeah. I listened to it all, you know. Yeah. He threatened me. When British dudes threaten you, you dont know whats going on — at all. They say — they speak English, but they just say things. You dont know if its good or bad or what. Theyll just be like, [British accent] if you keep talking to me like that, you keep yapping off at the nanners, well see what happens. You keep chopping them clam bits, Ill get the stoozy boys to rode up on you. Ill leave you off on main street with your pants around your ankles and a lollipop in your mouth. [Normal voice] youre like, yo, is that a party? I dont even know what you mean. [Laughter] [British accent] yeah, its a party. Bugger off, chap. Well see what happens. Ill come over bright and early and literally do grout work in your bathroom! [Normal voice] youre like, for free? I dont even know. [Laughter] yeah, man. British dudes, man, theyre the best with girls, at least from what I see, man. British — no, you know what? Theyre not the best at hitting on girls. You know who the best at hitting on girls are? Black dudes, for real, hands down, yeah, right. White chick with a black dude right there, thats how he… Right? You know, cause black dudes, thats why — yo, a British dude will be hitting on a girl, and then a black dude rolls up. British dude knows game over, for real. Yeah, a British dude will be like… [British accent] Hello. How are you doing? You look beautiful. Oh, a black guy. All right, see you later. [Laughter] [applause] [Normal voice] Yeah, man, but black dudes have that confidence, though, that swag. Theyll just say anything to a girl, right? A black dude will just roll up to a girl, just be like, yeah! All right, okay, oh, hell no! Yeah, all right! Hell no! Yeah! They just start answering questions that nobody asked. Yeah, all right. Hell no. I dont know. Maybe. Im on the fence. Yeah! Lord of the rings! What? I thought you — I thought you asked me my favorite trilogy. [Laughs] black dudes got that confidence, man. Some black dudes will say rude things to girls and still get laid. Thats how much confidence they have, right? You ever heard a black dude just like, yo, ma, how you fit all that in them jeans? How is that not the rudest thing ever? To say to somebody you never met before?! Yo, ma, youre too big to be wearing them pants. Yeah! Yeah, whatd you do, zip them up with pliers? Thats whats up? Yeah, yall got high cholesterol and whatnot, dont you, ma, yeah! Whatd you do — jump off a building and dive into those pants? Yeah! And the girls just like, oh, my god, I want to suck your dick right now. [Laughter and applause] Lord of the Rings! [Laughter] I can never tell a girl how she fit all that in those jeans — no way! A white dude? Me?! Hey, first of all, I would mess that up immediately. I would just be like, excuse me. Um, maam, you know, uh… Uh, youre a fat bitch. Oh shit. [Laughter and applause] [breathing heavily] [blows] [Laughter] [Cheers and applause] Lord of the rings, lord of the rings.' Yeah, man, some black dudes — yo, you ever heard a black dude go like this to a girl? [Laughs] I heard this once. A black dude goes like this. Yo, ma, youre looking stupid. [Laughter] thats only rude! Thats only rude! Then theyd be like, yo, ma, youre dumb. Yeah! Like, yo, your face look pretty. In this area, you look great, but behind that, in your brain area, aint nothing going on at all! Like, straight up, you look bad at math. You know what I mean? Like, yo, academically, youre atrocious, man! Oh, my god, I want you to meet my family right now. This is the one. [Laughter] okay, heres how I came up with that bit. This is great, man. I was hanging out. I was sitting down. I was right here, okay? And I saw a black dude sitting down right here. I was right there. He was right here. This girl he was talking to was standing up, okay? This dude was like, yeah, Ill just stay seated and still lace this up. You know what I mean? Im gonna keep comfy. You know what I mean? Like, Im gonna keep it down. Like, yo, he was so, yo, Im comf– he was so comfortable, like [laughs] he was so comfortable, he was uncomfortable. You know what I mean? Like, this is… Like, in my head, his own finger was in his eyeball just like, yeah, it hurt. I feel discomfort, but whatever. [Laughter] [laughs] in the middle of her talking, this dude goes like this. Shh! Yo, this girl had no idea how to react. This girl was like a 9 or something, and her whole body rebooted. He goes, shh! She goes, uhh! And Im right here, and Im like, oh, damn. [Laughter] he stays in the pocket, though. Its all awkward, and hes staying in the pocket, and this is what he says to her. Yo, ma, straight up, you smell like peaches. [Laughter] yo, that wasnt the best part at all. The best part was, after that, he stayed in the pocket for another beat and said, for real. [Laughter] yo, obviously, for real, you know? Nobody would say some wacky thing like that unless its 100% the truth. Otherwise, youre just a raving lunatic! Could you imagine just, yo, ma, you smell like peaches. Really? No, I just say crazy things. [Laughter] I was watching James and the giant peach today. Its still on my mind. Bye! [Laughter] I can never tell a girl she smells like peaches — no way. Me? A white dude? No way. I would be immediately put into serial-killer category. [Laughter] imagine me walking up to you just, excuse me, ma. You smell like peaches. Where are you going? Come back here. Come here, come back here. You smell like peaches. Youre a fat bitch, youre a fat bitch. Come here. You smell like youre bad at math. Come here. You smell like peaches. [Grunting] [grunting continues] [Laughter] yo, if youre a black dude, you tell a girl she smells like peaches, youre flirting with her. If youre a white dude and you say it, youre stabbing her. [Laughs] thats the difference. Theres a big difference between, yo, ma, you smell like peaches and, hey, mom! [Laughter] [laughs] you smell like peaches! [Grunts] youve always smelled like peaches! Thats the problem! [Laughs] Ill put you in my cereal! Hey, every time I talk about that, man, I like telling that joke about black dudes hitting on girls and then white dudes and rrr because every time I do that, it always makes white people a little uncomfortable in the audience. Like, theyre always like, [laughs uncomfortably] is it okay? Are they here, or… Yeah, theyre here, and its okay, man, you know. Its racist to not laugh because then it means youre hiding something, you know what I mean? [Laughs awkwardly] oh, yeah, that, too. Yeah, yeah, right, chris. Yeah. Im not hiding anything. [Laughs awkwardly] black dudes — I do that joke for black audiences, black audiences — man, black dudes are the best laughers, hands down, for real, right. [Applause] Thats so — thats a white dude clapping at that. I dont know why. Thats super weird. Thats so weird. Thats so weird that a white guys just like, yeah! I love it when black dudes laugh! Like, let me explain it and then clap. [Laughter] way ahead of you, man! I think thats just a serial killer, is what that is. [Laughter] peaches, man. Ohh! [Laughter] for real, black dudes laugh the best. You know who the worst laughers are? Asian girls. Yeah! You guys dont give it up at all, for real. You act like you dont even want to laugh. You act like youre not allowed to laugh. Asian girls just… [Chuckling nervously] [Laughter] [chuckling nervously] [Cheers and applause] Why are you doing a peace sign? Youre already laughing. Its redundant. Dont distract me from your merriment. [Laughter] black dudes laugh the best, though. You know why? When you tell a joke, a black dude laughs hard, you feel real good about yourself, because when black dudes laugh, they dont just laugh. They relocate. [Laughter] you know what Im talking about? You ever see a black dude laugh real hard just like [laughing loudly] [laughter and applause] Thats too funny to laugh at, in that area. This is the new designated laughing zone, yall. [Laughs loudly] one time, I made a black dude laugh so hard, he drove to Las Vegas. [Laughter] yo, could you imagine just [laughs loudly] [imitates beep] [laughing loudly] [Laughter] [continues laughing loudly] [Cheers and applause] [continues laughing loudly] [Laughter] [continues laughing loudly] Yo. Hey [laughs] the cops tried to pull him over. Hes like, forget it. Its too funny. [Laughs loudly] dude, even if the cop did try to pull you over, all you got to do to get out of the ticket is, if its a black cop, tell him the joke. [Laughter] hell be like — hell be like, yo, thats too funny. Bye! [Imitates beep] [laughs loudly] [Laughter] yo, my buddy thinks hes a gangster. Its so funny cause hes not gangster at all. Like, at all. Like, hes a wannabe gangster. Like, you never — hes always gangster. Heres a new rule, okay? Heres a new rule, all right? You only need to be gangster when gangster things go down. You dont need to be gangster 100% of the time, all right? Like, I see this dude sometimes at like 8:30 in the morning. Nobody needs to wake up gangster in the morning. Like, nobody ever needs to be like, bing! Yo, fuck this shit. [Laughter] [applause] hey, you never know whats gonna happen. Yeah, I do. Youre just gonna eat breakfast. Thats what gonna happen. Yeah, but you never know whats gonna happen during breakfast. You know what I mean? I might be eating them eggs. What if them eggs is acting up? I might have to — pap-pap! — Put a spark to them eggs. Yeah, if them eggs is trifling, Im like, yeah, but then… [Imitates machine-gun fire] [Laughter] hes such a wannabe gangster, man. He always starts conversations out like this. Hey, dawg, you know what I mean? Not yet. You didnt say anything. What are you — the Quentin Tarantino of gangsters? Just starting the story at the end? [Laughs] [Laughter] [Cheers and applause] I was talking about British dudes threatening you. Yo, thats confusing, but nobody is more confusing when they threaten you than a gangster. I saw my buddy walk his dog on my gangster friends lawn, and this is how he threatened him. He goes like this. Hey, dog, I know you aint gonna act like you aint wanting no dog on my lawn. My buddy was like, uh… Do you want the dog on your lawn or not? I know you aint gonna act like you aint wanting no dog on my lawn. Theres too many double negatives in that sentence. I know you aint gonna act like you aint wanting no d– I know you not aint gonna act like you aint not gonna not — I know you not aint gonna not never gonna not act like you aint not wanting no d– Ill be right back. Ive got to figure this out. [Cheers and applause] My buddys such a wannabe gangster, man. Its so funny. He always says that he watches all the gangster movies and everything, picks up the lingo. Heres how you know youre talking with somebody who wants to be a gangster. This is the most gangster thing you can say. He always says this. This is the most gangster phrase you could say. Hell go like this. Hey, dawg, at the end of the day… Thats it. Thats the most gangster thing. Theres nothing more gangster than that, except for, even after that, even more gangster than that is to follow it up with something super vague that you cant really argue with. Like here, hell something like this. Hey, dawg, at the end of the day, its all love. [Laughter] I mean, like, yeah, I guess so, you know? You cant really argue with that. Thats like saying anything. Thats like being like, hey, dawg, at the end of the day, you know what I mean? At the end of the day, sometimes people go skiing. [Laughter] yeah, its true, yeah. [Laughs] I got another one. At the end of the day [laughs] at the end of the day, most people got two arms. [Laughter] yeah, you cant argue with that, either. I got another one. [Laughs] I got another one. Hey, at the end of the day, you could buy a watch. [Laughter] yeah, you cant argue with that either. [Laughs] I got another one. I got another one. At the end of the day — at the end of the day, theres double-breasted suits and single-breasted suits. [Laughter] yeah, thats true. I got another one. [Laughs] I got another one. At the end of the day, Scooby-Doo is a cartoon. Yes, thats right, yes. That, as well, that, as well. I got another one. [Laughs] Ill just keep going. I got another one. At the end of the day — at the end of the day, boys have a pee-pee, girls have a woo-woo. [Laughter] [laughs] I got another one. At the end of the day, whatevers random to one person may not necessarily be random. [Cheers and applause] [laughs] Oh, man. Okay. Yo, you guys… You guys go to church? Thats creepy. [Laughter] no? Were all going to hell? All right, forget it. [Laughter] you know, because heres the thing, man. People act like church isnt creepy. But its definitely creepy. You know? Like, I grew up catholic, you know? [Cheers and applause] Yo, this joke isnt gonna go very well for you guys. [Laughter] [laughs] this isnt the funny, positive catholic bit. [Laughs] how come priests are so great and never do anything scandalous? Like, believe what you want, but dont act like church isnt creepy. Its definitely creepy. Like, I grew up in the catholic church, you know, and, like, whatever. You just kind of believe whatever your parents tell you, you know? You dont even think about it. Youre just like, no way. He died for all of us so we could all live? Awesome! [Laughter] [applause] he hung himself on the cross for that many days and thats why now we went through generations and generations and build buildings and have a society and can harvest fruits and vegetables and thats why now I can play Xbox? Awesome! [Laughter] [Cheers and applause] Thats all you care about as a little kid. [Laughter] but I grew up and walked into church recently with my adult, made-up brain. [Laughter] and I was like, man, how did I not realize, when I was a kid, that this was so creepy? Believe what you want, but dont act like church isnt creepy, man. Theres tall walls with stained-glass windows up at the top. Theres people on the stained-glass windows with thorns around their head. Theyre bleeding from the thorns, crying out of their eyeballs. Their clothings all ripped, and how come everybodys facial expression on the stained-glass window is always this? [Laughter] right? Its like something creepy just happened, but we definitely cant talk about it here at church. [Laughter] [Cheers and applause] But nobodys creepier than the priest. Not for obvious reasons, but heres why. [Laughter] dont aw like I did it. [Laughter] its creepy. Heres even creepier than that, because theyll sing for no reason at all. Right? Every few minutes, theyll hit the same five notes, just… [Vocalizing spiritually] [laughter and applause] yo, why are you doing that for no reason? [Vocalizing spiritually] everything is in song — every sentence, every story, everything, just… ? Jesus came down ? ? and talked to Mary and Joseph and the holy spirit ? ? came down and talked to three wise men ? ? three wise men traveled to Nazareth ? [singing indistinctly] [vocalizing spiritually] [Cheers and applause] [Normal voice] Yeah, I feel like he hits those five notes whenever he forgets how the rest of the story goes. [Laughs] you know what I mean? Just… ? Jesus came down ? ? and talked to Mary and Joseph and the holy spirit ? ? came down and talked to three wise men [sputters] ? ? and they traveled through — and they kind of just, uh ? ? went to best buy ? [vocalizing spiritually] [Laughter] [laughs] [Normal voice] were like, yo, hey, did you just say they went to best buy?! Huh? ? No, I definitely didnt say they went to best buy ? ? best buy was only established 50 years ago ? ? then, it was franchised ? [vocalizing spiritually] [Laughter] but this is the creepiest part, and if youre catholic, you know what Im talking about, okay? When for no reason, the priest will take the church down real soft and somber, and every few minutes, hell just go like this. ? Forever and ever ? [Laughter] yo, you dont think thats creepy, youre a vampire, okay? If I popped my head in your window tonight while you were sleeping [laughs] and I just went… ? Forever and ever ? everyone in here would shit your pants — everyone! Even if you didnt sleep with pants on, youd wake up, locate pants, put them on, shit them, and then go back to sleep! [Cheers and applause] Hey, furthermore, its redundant. What kind of storybook Narnia jerk says, forever and ever? Just say forever. It means the same thing. [Laughter] thats like saying, hey, lets go get lunch…and food. [Laughter] youre wasting time. Im hungry, man! [Laughter] ? line up and eat this guys body ? [laughs] [Laughter] [applause] ? line up and eat this guys body ? ? this is a guys body ? yo, they make you eat a guys body. You dont even think about it! Youre just lining up. ? I got to eat a guys body, I got to eat a guys body ? ? I got — ? what the hell? Yeah, dont cut. I got to, like — ? this is a guys body ? yo, guess what?! Hey, its not even a dudes body, okay?! Its nothing! The only thing creepier than eating a dudes body is pretending to eat a dudes body! [Laughter] [Cheers and applause] [Laughs] They really try to sell it, too. ? This is a guys body, trust me ? ? this is a guys body, eat this guys body ? ? this is a guys body ? ? if this isnt creepy enough, theres a guy down there ? ? you can drink his blood ? yo! [Chuckles] thats why everybody on the stained-glass windows looking like this. Theyre like, oh, my god. I cant believe theyre eating people. [Laughter] its creepy. Believe what you want, but dont act like its not creepy. And dont go, too. [Applause] I mean, go, whatever, but dont act like you like it! And dont invite me. Thats the worst, man. Hey, man, you know what? You should come sometime. No, I shouldnt! Yeah, yeah, its fun. No, its not! And you know its not! Thats the worst part, is when they act like its fun. Its not fun, and I can prove it to you right now. Heres the deal. You never wanted to go to church. Anybody in here never wanted to go to church, and I can prove it to you right now, all right? Okay? Cause never during church, ever, has anybody in the history of church ever said this. Oh, hey, watch this part. [Laughter] [applause] how many times do you say it when you watch godfather? Worship that! [Laughter] thats why you always fall asleep during church, man. Cause you dont want to be there. Thats why. You fall asleep. You try so hard not to, just in case theres hell. You know what I mean? [Laughs] you try so hard. You use that non-falling asleep face that you use for everything, just… [Laughter] aw, come on, I got this. Come on. [Grunts] come on. [Grunts] goddamn it. [Grunts] oh, no, not god damn it. [Laughter] just regular wow or whatever. [Chuckles nervously] just in case. [Laughter] the same thing always wakes you up, just… [Vocalizing spiritually] huh, what are we doing? Were kneeling for no reason? For no reason at all, well kneel? Cool. Stand up already? Great. Okay, good, good, good. Thats great. Great, good, good, good, fantastic. Good, good. Great, you too. Okay, great. Awesome, awesome, good, good. How many people are there?! Good, you. Howd you get up there? Sir, howd you get up there? [Laughter] every time I fall asleep, the same dude wakes me up always. Its the dude with the collection plate. [Laughter] right, that basket with the pole attached to it. Yo, you never need to attach a pole to a basket, ever. Just pass the basket around. That guys job is unnecessary, man. Ill be asleep, and hell just… [Laughter] here. Oh, that was $100. Give it back. That was $100. [Laughter] [laughter continues] I hate how long that pole is. It bothers me, man. You — dude, you cant even see the dude holding it. Thats how long. You need binoculars. The dudes out in the parking lot with the handle, just… [Vocalizing spiritually] [Laughter] that pole is so long, its longer than the pepper crusher at olive garden, you know? And thats long. You know when the busboy comes along, hes like, excuse me, sir. You want fresh ground pepper? Yeah? Say when. [Laughter] [applause] yeah, it doesnt even look like theyre crushing pepper. It looks like theyre jerking two dudes off. [Laughs] and ones extra small. [Laughs] here we go. We got a midget and a basketball player right there. There we go — a midget and Yao Ming all over my face. [Vocalizing spiritually] New Orleans, thank you so much! [Cheers and applause] Man: ? feel my flow ? DElia: Thank you! Man: ? but you do, its chad smith, who are you? ? ? Come through the door and the party for sho ? ? might feel my flow, this is how I roll ? ? why do some dudes have more bitches? ? ? Thats the way it goes, gonna pull some stitches ? ? after that, does it hurt? ? ? And make it jerk ? ? oh, yeah, rocking, right? ?

ILIZA SHLESINGER@WAR PAINT@2013@Ladies and gentlemen, Iliza Shlesinger! All right! Dallas, Texas! Thank you. Oh. How are you guys doing? Thank you for coming out, yall. Fantastic. I am so excited and honored to be shooting my hour special in my hometown of Dallas, Texas. Yes, maam. Im so excited to be here. Not thrilled with getting here. I have to be honest. I fly enough that I feel I have the right to say this. If you work for an airline, I hate you. Okay? I hate you. And I dont want to hear, no, my cousin Sheilas a real sweetheart. She works for southwest. Fuck your cousin Sheila. All right, your cousin Sheilas a goddamn bitch. And Ill tell you something else. The only reason people work for airlines is because the Nazi party is no longer hiring. I dont have an issue… Thank you. I dont have an issue with flying. My issue is with the boarding of the plane. Has anyone else here ever had the misfortune of being stuck in boarding zone four? Like, thats when you have a seat… You have a ticket cause youre holding it… But youre so low on the food chain, it pretty much goes, like, first-class, luggage, terrorists, maybe you. And they take such painstaking care to board zones one through three. And if you dont fly that airline often enough, you are s.O.L. In terms of getting on that plane cause they are boarding groups of people that you didnt even know you could apply to be part of. Were gonna start boarding flight 556 to Dallas/Fort Worth. Were gonna start boarding zone one. These are our first-class passengers, our first members, our gold members, our golden shower members. There you go. Thank you, there you go. Right this way. Our golden eagle members, our eagle face members. If you have an eagle face instead of a person face cause you lost your face in some sort of horrible holiday Turkey deep fry accident, you didnt have enough butt fat to get a nose grafted onto your face, so you had to borrow one from an eagle, so now you have a beak, and you like to eat mice, you can get on the plane. Boarding zone two… These are our silver members, our silver star members, our silver surfer members. If anybody likes comic books, youre a fuckin nerd. You can sit in the back of the plane. Silver hair, if youre old, hurry the fuck up. Silver spoons, if you like Ricky schroder, 80s TV shows, you were born really wealthy, you can get on the plane. Silver bullet summer… No, maam, you cannot bring your coors light up in this, bitch. Boarding zone three. These are our… These are our copper members, our copper star members, our copper topper members. Is anybody using a Duracell-operated device? I dont give a shit if its a pacemaker. You turn that off for takeoff. Copperhead. If you have a copperhead snake as a pet instead of a normal goddamn pet like a dog or a cat, youre like, fuck it, Im gonna get me a snake. Yeah, fuck you, dad. Im not going to law school. Im gonna go to art school online and learn how to draw dragons and manage a hot topic in my spare time. I love my snake. Im bringing her to Thanksgiving. Her name is Judy. Were in snake love. I love her so much. Dont touch me, mom. You get on the plane. And boarding zone four, you can go fuck yourself. Now boarding all zones. I spend a lot of time traveling. Spend a lot of time in hotels. And as a result of it, I watch a lot of TV. And I think the saddest commercial out there has to be the SPCA Sarah McLachlan ad. Seen it? With the fucked up animals? Can I tell you a secret about this commercial? It knows when youre alone. Do you ever notice it only comes on when youre by yourself, maybe youre drunk? Youre vulnerable, right? And whats crazy is at first, yes, you are sad for the animals. But the longer you watch it, the longer your sadness kind of begins to turn on you, and by the end of it, somehow, you just feel really bad for yourself? Youre sitting there, like, oh, my God. Theres… that cat doesnt have a face. I dont know. Im so sad. I feel so bad for him. And I feel so bad for his cat family. And I feel so bad for… Me. Oh, God. What am I gonna do? What should I do? I should… I should… I should get a cat. So you get a cat. But because hes from the SPCA, like, lets be honest, hes all, like, fucked up and autistic. Just shits everywhere. Youre like, oh, my God. What did you eat? Goes through your stuff. He only eats the buttons off your good sweaters. Youre like, how did you know to go to for the good sweaters? Why didnt you go for the crappy sweaters? Why do you have such exquisite taste? Gotta get rid of him cause hes ruining everything. But what do you do? You cant kill him because… Because thats fucking insane, I guess. But you gotta get rid of him. So what do you do? Im gonna tell you. You put kitty in the car. You drive him to a neighborhood he doesnt know. You let him out of the car. Dont worry. The SPCA Will find that cat. I dont know if youve noticed. Theyre in the business of secondhand cattery. They find the cat. They clean him off. They update his resume. He gets a job managing, like, a chipotle. Hes fine, all right? So in honor of that commercial, I have a treat for you guys. This is my cat. This is my dog Blanche, and I adopted her. And sometimes when you adopt an animal, you dont know their back story. So for Blanche, I made one up. In my house, we pretend that Blanche used to be a dog prostitute… Which makes sense, because as you can tell, shes a little sad behind the eyes… But she clearly has no problem with you staring at her dog vagina. Make it rain. Shake it for the money. So in honor of that commercial, she and I are now going to do our rendition of it for you. Here we go. In the arms of the angel, far away from here, in this dark, cold hotel room, and the end, dah, dah, dah, dah, dah you were pulled… Thats it. Thats it for Blanche. Lets get serious. My dog is so cute, I want to hurt her. Do you ever get that way? When something is so cute, it makes you angry. I just want to rip its nose and… You ever get that way when something is so cute, you dont know if you can trust yourself around it? I used to get that way with my Nana. Shes, like, this tall, and you ever hug your grandparent, and youre, like, oh, my God, I just wanna push you down the stairs. You ever feel that way? You ever feel the urge, just, what if I just… Just feel like… Hypothetically. Sometimes, I get that way around garbage disposals. You ever just put your hand in just to feel the… feel the fear? You reach the other hand over. You dont touch the switch, but you hover around it? Youre like, what if I just… No! I dont do that either. It was just a joke. Sometimes you get that way with cute things, like babies. Sometimes babies are so cute. Sometimes babies are not so cute. But sometimes babies… so cute, you know, fat, little, baby cheek. You just want to rip his cheek off. But you cant cause you wont be allowed around the baby anymore. Thats for goddamn sure. There was another version of that commercial. What happened was they aired that commercial. And it was such a hit, so many people were adopting pets, so many people were donating money, so many people were going on antidepressants. And they were like, lets do another one. So they tried to recreate the magic of that one. So in this commercial, they play another Sarah McLachlan song, okay? I dont know the song, but its some lesbian chant. Thats happening. And they zoom in on these pictures of these jacked up animals. And at the bottom of the screen, they put a caption of what the animal is thinking? Now, where they got that information, I dont know. They show a dog, and hes all no teeth. Hes just awful-looking, like, nah! Wheres my family? I dont know! They show another dog, and hes all muddy and gnarly. Hes just, nah! I hope they come back for me. Nah! Dad, you said you was going for cigarettes. Why? Its me, spot. And then, they showed a cat. And this cat was, like, 45 pounds. It… it had one eye. And it turned… do you know him? And it turned around… He turned around in slow motion, and it wasnt a camera trick. Hes just, like, a 45-pound cat, I guess. He doesnt have, like, a meeting to rush to. So hes not… Im sorry for whatever I did wrong. No, thats where I stopped buying that commercial. Theres no way a cat has remorse. You ever met a cat? Theres no way hes apologetic. Whatever that cat did to land him in cat jail, hes not sorry he did it. Hes sorry he got caught. Theres a difference. That cats as hard as they come. He doesnt give a shit. Hes sitting there in his little cat cell. Hes got meow mix for life tattooed on his little belly. Hes got a little rat that hes made his bitch. Its carving a shiv out of cheese in the corner. Hes got one sharpened cat claw. Hes just running it against the bars, like, brr. Brr. Oh, yeah, hes got one eye. I forgot. Brr. Brr. Hes like, hear me? I dont give a fuck. You think I care? Oh, hell, yeah, I scratched up your curtains. And Id do it again. Fuck you. This is a cat paw. That commercial is sad. The commercial that makes me feel the worst about myself, I would have to say, would be the P90X commercials. That commercial always comes on when Im eating… Which is the worst time for any fitness commercial comes on cause it knows when youre sitting there being a little fatty, eatin Graham crackers with your shirt off, watching Law & Order: SVU. It knows. And it comes on, and it gets you, youre just sittin there. Youre like, Ill never find love. I dont know. I dont… Do you want to get in shape? Youre like… And by the way, its not asking you if you want to get in regular-person shape. Its not talking to normal people. Its talking to, like, Navy seals. Its talking to crazy people. Its not asking you if you want to look mediocre when you go to the pool this summer, uh-uh. Its just for crazy… Its saying, hey, faggot, do you want to get in such fucking good shape so fucking quickly that your arms and your… And your chest and your back get too big to fit through normal doorways, so every time you come through, you smash into the plaster, and youre costing your mother thousands of dollars in drywall damage? Is that what you want? Do you want your friends and family to fear you because you drink horse testosterone and creatine shakes, and they make you sleep outside? Is that what you fuckin want? Do you want to get so huge so quickly, so unnaturally, that all your clothes shrink on you, and they fit like baby clothes cause youre like the hulk mid-transformation, and you cant afford to buy new clothes cause you spent all your money on these fucking P90X DVDs? My question is why? Why would the average guy want to get that jacked that fast? Why? So you can, what, be the strongest manager at the Verizon store? What are you doing with that muscle? You work in sales. Youre not guarding Sparta. Its fine. This is smart phone. I think P90X has a subliminal message that a lot of us are missing cause I dont think theyre talking to regular people. I think the commercial needs to be honest and come clean and say what their product is really meant for. The commercial should sound like this. Hey, P90X guy here. Whats up? So did you, like, recently commit a crime, and youve been sentenced to prison, and you have to report there in 90 days, so… You figure in the interim, youll just get as huge as possible for fear of the safety of your butthole? P90X. Yeah. Its a prison workout. Theyre like, you can do it from the comfort of your own living room. Thats cause your living room and a jail cell are roughly the same square footage. Do the math. Think about it. No equipment. No excuses. No shit theres no equipment. Youll get raped with equipment in prison. You cant have it there. We here at P90X want you to get creative with your workout. Fuck your antiques, bro. Your girlfriends gonna break up with you when you go to jail anyway. May as well use shit around your house. Take your dining room table. Cut off the back legs. Put it at an angle. Now, you have a bench for incline presses. P90x. Go ahead. Grab your old Kenwood speakers. Thats right. Take em off the front lawn. Use those for weight. You can take water bottles. Dump that shit out. Fill em up with sand. Use those for bicep curls cause youre too cheap to buy a shake weight. Youre gonna get enough of this in prison. P90x. The problem with P90X is that it works. Like, yes, it will change your body, but only from the neck down. They dont tell you in the commercial your face stays exactly the same as it was. Do you want to have the body of a 20-year-old adonis, but go ahead and keep the face of a balding, middle-aged accountant? P90X, disappoint your wife from the chin up on a nightly basis. These guys at P90X, you want to look hot, just get in shape. I think women in our country have too many options for weight loss to the point of paralysis. Theres so many options. You go on TV, the Internet, womens magazines. Theres so many, you cant even make a choice. I was reading a womens magazine the other day cause I wanted to punish myself and just feel awful, and they had all these diet tips. Diet tips for ladies. I saw this one in cosmo. They suggested that women, if youre on a diet, next time youre on a diet and youre hungry, dont ruin the day… cause your whole day is ruined if you eat a doughnut, by the way. You have to kill yourself immediately. Dont ruin the day by grabbing a fried snack. Instead, just grab a handful of almonds. Just go out… just go and grab a handful of almonds. You ever do this? When youre hungry, you get a handful of… you dont do that? You dont go up to the nearest tree and just giraffe yourself like… Cindy, Ill be right there. Handful of almonds. Cosmo says get a handful of almonds. Just go ahead, get a handful of almonds, and get a hand… Why dont you go fuck yourself with a handful of almonds, cosmo? See how full you get off that. Im a grown woman, not a sugar squirrel. Almonds. Juicing. Thats a big thing. Why dont you just juice it? Do you want to just juice? We should do juices and smoothies. You wanna make a smoothie? You pronounce smoothie like this cause you only need this much of your mouth open to drink it. Smoothie. They want women to do this. Take all your food, juice it down. Go get your carrots. Get your kale. Dont forget the kale. Get your kale. Get the apples. Put it in the juicer. Go ahead and juice the apple and the celery. Put your hand in the juicer. Juice your hand down. Juice your hand right down to the nub. Make sure you juice all of it. Youll lose 2 ounces. Drink your hand, theres lots of nutrients in your hand. Cosmo never said to juice your hand. Im just gonna put that out there. Make a smoothie. Do you have time in the morning to make a smoothie? You have time for this? No? Shocking. You dont have time in the morning to go out to your own personal botanical garden and cut down a brontosaurus brunch worth of broccoli and asparagus, juice it down to an ounce, so you can shit green for a week? You dont have time? I love being a stand-up comedian. Its probably the best job ever. Uh, if I could have any job… If I could have any job, I would be a cat. But that is not something Im supposed to talk about in public. If I could have any job besides this, I know this sounds weird, but I would be a pharmacist because I would be… Like, I would add something cool to it. I would be, like, a different kind of pharmacist, okay? So I would do it differently, okay? So… so I would look like a pharmacist. I would wear the white coat, cause without the white coat, youre just a drug dealer. Id wear the white coat, but under it, I would go to, like, a renaissance fair. We have renaissance fairs here? All: Yeah. Yes! Of course we do. Every states got white trash. Of course we do. So Id go to a renaissance fair. And I would go to, like, the witch doctors tent. And I would get one of those, like, medieval witch woman belts that has, like, some leather. And its got bells and raccoon pelts and a jug for your ale, whatever. And itd have, like, a jar of pigeon whisperers. Id have all these things, all the accoutrement of a creepy witch on my belt. And Id put it under the coat so that when I walked, the coat would flare open, and youd get glimpses of my medieval trickery under it. Just… And youd be in line at the pharmacy. And youd be like, whats up with that one pharmacist? Is she into the dark arts? Is she a sorceress? Magic with a k? Does she play skyrim alone? What is that? And I wouldnt come up to the counter. Instead… instead of a bell that you ring, I would get… I would get a raven. I would stuff a raven. And I would give it a beard. Id glue on the beard. I would spend my time gluing the beard on, and it would have a beard, and I would sit him on the perch, so when you came up to the counter, youd have to pull the beard. And then the raven will go… Thats my cue to appear. And then Id… pfft. Yes? Secretly, I was waiting under the counter to hear the raven. And then… pfft. Yes? I was right there. Theres no magic. Im right there. Yes, my child? I call you my child cause thats what creepy people do. Yes? And youd hand me your prescription. And Id say, okay, one moment. And Id have a hump. Oh, yeah, I have a hump. You gotta have a hump. If youre gonna be making medicine, you gotta have a hump cause the hump says that youre serious. A hump is your calling card. A hump says, Im not out partying. Im not out getting drunk. Im downstairs in the basement studying alchemy and… And witchery. And Im learning how to turn newt thoughts into rat eyeballs. Im doing things like that. Im learning the proper use for an erlenmeyer flask. Im down there doing these things, okay? So I have the hump, and then… And then, Id take your… Id take your prescription. And… one moment. I have a limp too… Cause the limp comes with the hump, standard. And then I would set to work making your medicine. So Id be back here, and I would have my back to you. And Id… Id have all these sound effects on, like, a keyboard ready, so you would be standing there. And youd hear like… Eh, one moment. And I would also have a closed-circuit TV right here, so I could watch everything in the pharmacy, okay? So you would go to, like, touch something, and I would see you on the TV. And I would just say this, I wouldnt touch that if I were you. But Im just watching you. And I have… And, like, an hour later, Id emerge with your medicine in the orange bottle. Like, I didnt make your shit. I had it ready to go. I was just wasting your time… Cause a hump suggests that Im making it, so I want you to follow that fantasy. I didnt… i dont know how to make medicine out of herbs. Im not Chinese. So I have it. And Id come up to the counter. And Id say… And Id set it down. And Id say, would you like a consultation? And youd say, sure. And Id say, okay. And Id hold up your pill to the light. I shouldnt touch your medicine, but Im going to. Id hold it up, and Id say, take one! One, one. And Id have all the other pharmacists flip the lights on and off to make it… And theyd put lighters up to the sprinklers. And wed get one of the fog machines left over from our Halloween sale. And pfft, and it would fill the room. And wed have people wafting it with car mats just to make it go in some sort of circle. Take one on the seventh solstice of the third vernal equinox. Its two different times a year, but its just a bit. Take one in the presence… presence of a righteous man with the blood of a virgin. Also with crackers, so you dont upset your tummy. I give it to you, and as you are going to leave, you didnt even say anything. Id say, wait! I grab you… Grab you with a grabbing hand. Whats a grabbing hand? Im gonna tell you. You cant… If youre gonna grab someone and you want to instill fear in their hearts, you cant grab with a well-manicured hand with, like, a pretty ring. No ones gonna be afraid. If I grab you with this hand, youd be like, what? That sounds awesome. Its got to be creepy, okay? Someone grabs you out of a grave. What does it look like? Its sinewy. Its got dirty nails. Its all Thriller-looking. Just nah! Gonna grab him. How do you make a grabbing hand? Im going to tell you. You put your hand outside your car for two hours a day, so it tans quicker than the rest of you. You take special liver pills that prevent your liver from functioning on this side. So you start to get liver spots all over, okay? Now, you gotta make your fingers creepy. So maybe… so this finger… Youve got, like, a coke nail on that finger. This ones got, like… like, a raccoon eyeball for a ring. Maybe this… You dont need this finger. You cut this one off totally cause you lost it… You lost it in the hobbit bore. I dont care. And then you get a bracelet made of, like, whore gypsy Kardashian hair. You wrap your hand in it. And just as youre… I pull out my grabbing hand. I have it sheathed. Its sheathed in a sheath. And, uh… Just as you were leaving, Id go, wait! Youd be, like, what? And Id say, theres one more thing. And Id pull out a hand of magic dust, which is just sand from the beach aisle in the pharmacy. Id pull… Id pull out a hand of dust. And I would just go… Do you have a cvs card? I love walking around pharmacies. I love doing that. I cant… i cant go to a pharmacy and not spend money. One of the products that creeps me out… They have a product at every pharmacy called k-y intense. You seen the commercials for this thing? The commercial for… First of all, the commercial for k-y intense is super offensive. And we will talk about that. In the c… first of all, if youve ever used k-y intense, you know that its intense because it burns. I will volunteer that. I accidentally used it one time thinking, like, this is gonna be magical. And it burned. And I promise you girls dont want that. In my life, Ive never been, like, man, that sex was awesome. But you know what I wanted to feel, like, right after? Fire. Of course, they dont bill it as a burning sensation on TV. They call it a tingling sensation. And they try to, like, talk to the girls. Theyre like, ladies, do you want more pleasure out of your three minutes? Do you want that? Okay. Well, k-y intense is great cause its a tingling sensation for her and he gets to use his penis. So everybody wins. But even if it… even if it was a tingling sensation, we live in a society preconditioned to not want tingling. We dont like tingling. We know that tingling, it means a bad thing is happening. Hey, everyone, grandma says her arm is tingling. Oh, she must be having an orgasm. You dont have to rush her to the hospital. Shes laying on the ground with her eyes rolled back in her head. Shes clearly enjoying herself. Tingling. Its horrible. You ever hit your funny bone and been, like… Ahh. The commercial is awful because its two British people. And theyre sitting there having breakfast. And theyre discussing all the sex that they had the night before… Cause they used the k-y intense. But because the brits are very tacit about sexual things, theyre not coming right out and discussing it. Theyre speaking in code. And at the bottom of the screen are the subtitles in American so we can understand what theyre saying. So theyre sitting there, and theyre eating. Theyre having their… porridge. Theyre eating their curds and whey. I dont care what the brits eat. We won the war, so there. Right? So theyre sitting there. And theyre eating it. And its just very quiet. And theyre just… Teeth out to here. And the girl looks at the guy. Wonderful dessert last night, sire. She didnt say sire. They dont talk like that anymore. So she talks, and theres subtitles. Wonderful dessert last night. Hey! Whatd you put on my puss, nigga? And then the guy… Responds in kind. Hes like, oh, yes, twas… twas a bit of a new recipe. Hoped you liked it. Put some of that k-y shit on my dick, bitch. How you like me now? And then, the girl is, like, oh, yes. Twas quite invigorating. Didnt expect that one. You fucking kidding me with that shit? Whatd you put? Ants on your dick? Is this a joke? You want to fucking die, motherfucker? You want to end up on snap? Ill fucking kill you. This fuckin hurt. Then the guy, like, oh, yes, tried a spin on an old recipe. Tried a dash of nutmeg. And there were no subtitles for that because I think they fucking do use nutmeg. And thats what makes it burn so much. I know a lot about sex and dating. I know a lot about dating because I watch a lot of dates. That sounds creepy. I host a dating show. So Ive learned a lot about men and women and their interactions. And one important thing that Ive learned is that when you like someone and you want to impress them, what do you do? You lie. You have to, because if people knew how weird you were in your off time, no one would have you. A guy says to you, what do you like to do for fun? Girls, you cant be honest. You cant be honest about that shit. You cant be honest about what you were doing 10 minutes before you came to the door. You have to lie. What do you like to do for fun? You cant tell him. You cant be, like, I really enjoy choreographing naked cheerleading routines to old Britney Spears cds. And then, I Google a bunch of hentai porn, masturbate, dont wash my hands, Facebook stalk my ex-boyfriend and his ex-girlfriends, jot down their place of employment for future reference. And then, I go bake some cookies. And then, I mouth-kiss my dog and promise her that one day shell be my wife. You cant say that. Nine times out of ten, a guy asks a girl, what do you like to do for fun? The girls answer will be, hiking. I love hiking. I do. I do… dont I? I do. I love hiking. I do, hikings… I love hiking. I do. I love it. I love hiking. No, you dont. Stop lying. You dont like… really, Stacy? You like hiking? Where are your trail spikes? Wheres your walking stick? Wheres your lesbian Mountain partner? You dont like hiking. You dont even know what hiking is. Most modern girls dont really know what hiking is, okay? To the average girl, hiking is you wake up whenever you want, you put on lululemon yoga pants cause they make your butt look unreasonably good as they should for 800 fucking dollars. And you go for a walk in the park with your best friend and complain about how hung over you are. Thats hiking. Yeah. I do it too. Promise you this, girls. Its not a sport if you can drink a Starbucks and have a pita while youre doing it. Do you want a piece of pita? Im hiking. But theres a method to our madness. Theres a reason women say hiking. We say hiking because we think guys like hiking. Thats why were doing it. Be outside where the bugs are? No! We think you like that. Were taught to believe that men are outdoorsy, and rugged, and they like nature. As far as were concerned, youre the closest thing we know to a bear. So we say hiking, hoping to have something in common with you. We honestly say hiking hoping that youll be, like, you like hiking? I like hiking. Marry me. Its the easiest thing you can say that you do. Its one of the only outdoor activities that you can lie and say that you do it having never done it before, and then do it and pull it off because its walking. You cant pull that off, you shouldnt be mating with anyone. You ca… most outdoor activities require a decent amount of skill. For example, you cant say you like rock climbing if youve never been rock climbing. I mean, you can, but I promise you this. Youre gonna go. Youre gonna slip. Youre gonna get your hand caught in a rock. 127 hours later… Stumps not getting you a second date. I promise you that. I dont know if girls wanna hear this, but the truth is 90% of the activities that women engage in revolve around getting a guys attention, okay? And its just the way were built biologically. This is just something we do. We love to get your attention. Its part of the sport of it, all right? You think I go to a sports bar because I like warm beer and sticky barstools? No. I go cause theres guys there. You think I do a pub crawl every year cause I like it when my liver hurts? No! I go cause theres guys there. We dont wear heels for our circulation. We do it to prop up our butt so youll look at me and want to mate with me. Thats why we do it. This isnt a fucking game, all right? This isnt a push-up bra. Its body armor. And this aint makeup, sweetheart. Its war paint. Lets make a baby. Girls know exactly what theyre doing. We know exactly what you like, what you dont like. We do our research when we like a guy. And by research, I mean we Facebook stalk you. We do it. I know your favorite foods. I know where you went on vacation. I know that your favorite team is the cowboys. I know all about that. Im totally into you. Thats right. They say men are hunters and women are gatherers. Well, kind of. Women are gatherers. We like to gather information about you. And then we hunt you. You think when I bring you home to meet mom on Christmas its cause I want her to meet you? No, its so I can be, like, mom, look what I caught. We have to, because guys are kind of passive when it comes to meeting women. Sure, they go out. But girls make a sport of it. My guy friends dont care. If they had their way, theyd spend every Saturday night with each other… Which is weird… Watching 1000 ways to die, eating sandwiches, ragging on their one friend that has a huge nut sack for no reason. Like, thats what they would do. Going outs very important. You got a real job, your weekend is very important to you, because a weekend represents 48 hours that you have to fuck up the life that you worked so hard for all week. Thats what your weekend is. If youre a real professional, your weekend starts Thursday at, like, 5:00 P.M. Right? You go to happy hour. Happy hour trickles into, like, nighttime. Youre drinking a little bit cause you can go to work a little hung over, right? No ones doing real work on Friday. Nobodys working on a Friday. Nobodys working on a Friday cause its what? Shabbat. No. Because its Friday and nobody cares. You ever been at work, your boss is never gonna be, like, lets get in those reports and start brainstorming. Youre, like, okay, Ill be there. Oh, you were serious? Okay, little hand job. Ill be at my desk. Thats fine. Girls take going out very seriously cause thats our hunting grounds. Going out. Lets do it. Do you want to do, like, a girls night? Do you wanna do that? Every weekend, I get calls from my girlfriends. Do you want to do, like, just girls? Do you want to do, like, a fun girls night? Iliza, Im talking to you. Iliza. Do you want to do that? Do you wanna do, like, a girls… Well just do… oh, well all wear, like, fun shoes. And well all get, like, apis. And then, well do, like, a fun girls night. Do you wanna do that? I wanna do a girls night. I made an evite for the four of us. You didnt answer. Cause Im standing right here. Youre such a bitch. Lets do a girls night. Lets do just girls. No boys. Lets just all wear wedges and no boys. Lets not do boys, just girls. Just the girls. Im like, why? We hate each other. Girls hate each other. Esp… she hates you, especially during the day. But when the moon comes up and theres white wine involved, oh, my God. Stacy, you look amazing. I fucking love you. And you notice the drunker you get, the more Spanish you start speaking? Oh, my God. Mamacita, muy caliente. Whoo! Fucking love you, chica. But the more love you give to one girlfriend, the more love you must taketh away from another girlfriend. Its how we keep balance in the girl universe. I love you. Can I just tell you? I love you, I do. But you know who I hate? Becky. Shes a bitch. No, I hate her even though she drove me here and Im wearing her top. Can I just tell you that? Like, for real, like, I hate her. Will you not tell her? Do you promise? Do you… do you prom… You wont tell her? Do you pinky swear? Do you pinky s… Do you pinky swear? Even though Im a grown fucking woman that pays taxes and votes, do you wanna pinky swear? This is ironclad. Do you pinky swear? Okay, come here. No, here, take my hand. I wanna talk to you. Come here. No, like, earlier, like… Here, come here, come here. Like, earlier, she was just, like, being, like, a bitch. And I was, like, whats your problem? I dont even understand.' now, shes like, why are you being, like, so rude? And, like… what, are you, like, bipolar or, like, manic? Like I just freely use these psychological terms cause I dont know what Im talking about. and she was, like, being, like… wait, wait. Is she looking? Did she hear me talking about her? Is she… pretend like were not talking about her. Is she gone? No, but, like, thats the thing. Like, earlier, she was just, like, being, like, passive-aggressive and, like, crazy. And, like… And I was just, like… She was just being, like, a freak. And she was just, like, disrespecting me. And, like… no, no, like, when you do it, its fine. Right? Because we get each other cause were both pisces. Which means nothing. Do you wanna do that? Do you wanna do a girls night? Fuck yeah. Why dont you come over? Us weekly, Jennifer Aniston, hang out, Love actually watch a movie, braid our hair, stiff as a board, light as a feather, have some candy, have some cake, have some cookies, have some box wine, have some fucking Martinis, and a low-fat pizza. Have a goddamn muffin, have a piece of cake, have a piece of brownie, fifty shades of grey.' Sounds great, Cindy. Cant wait to be shit-faced on your couch at 2:00 A.M. with no boy to make out with. You got greys anatomy on DVD? Awesome. Pop it in. Lets lez out. Wheres your brother? Yeah. Lets make that happen. Tired of feeling like a sexual deviant cause I just enjoy a little bit of mouth-kissing with my red wine, okay? Look, thats what most girls want, by the way. We just wanna make out, just a little bit. Right at the beginning when you first meet, they want to make out. Thats what most girls want. I wanna do some fun shoes, red wine, make out, weiner touch, go to bed. Thats what we want… When you first meet someone. Look, lets not get crazy, right? Just make out, and… And then thats it. Just real quick, in that order. You dont want to have drunk sex. Thats a whole mess. Drunk sex, theres emotions, ankle sprains, paper work. Theres, like, a whole thing involved. Girls like making out. Its a sentiment echoed by almost any girl in any bar on any night. You pick any bar in the country. You find a girl, shes gonna be drunk, face on sideways, just, like… I just want to make out with a boy. I just want to make out with a boy. I do, I just want to make out with some boy. Thats all I want. I do. Im pretty, right? I just want… Saved it. Thats what you hear. You rarely hear a girl talk about having sex with a stranger. I understand it happens. I understand that theres one-night stands. But rarely does a girl go out with the intention of having sex with a stranger. Rarely do you hear a girl, like, I just want to, like, go out, and, like, party, and, like, meet some dude, and go home with him, and then have sex with him, and then wake up, and realize I never got his name. But hes already gone to the gym. So I cant ask him. So I go over to his coffee table, and I find a phone bill with his name on it. And I put it in my pocket, and I go home with the phone bill. And I get home to my computer, and I take it out. Im like, Brian Williamson. Thats a generic fucking name. So I look up all 90,000 Brian Williamsons on Facebook until I find the one that resembles him. And then, I send him a message. But I have to use bait cause I have to make sure hell write me back. So Im like, I think Im pregnant. He writes back. J/k, mother fucker. but I got you now. Now, we begin the dance of seduction. Now, I say things, like, I just wanna be friends. You were super fun to have sex with. Lets just be friends and have sex. Fuck a relationship and oxytocin. I never wanna have a family. Lets just do what you wanna do. hes into it. So I get your number, right? You hold onto the number until you have an occasion. And then, its like St. Patricks day. You send out a mass text, but its just to one person. You ever do that? Me neither. It was just a joke. Its the best idea. You find one guy that you like. And you send out a text thats, like, hey, everyone. Make sure you write everyone in caps so its clear that its for, like, a bunch of people. Hey, everyone, I-o-l. Whatever, smiley face, Im gonna have a party at Kellys bar at 9:00 P.M. Everybody should come, you guys. Triple z so he knows theres a lot of people in this text. Okay, see you later. And then you bring your one friend that has no issue with you ditching her. You go to the bar, and you post up, and you wait until he gets there. He shows up. Youre like, I guess everybody passed out. Its just us standing. And then, you make out. And hes, like, you seem like a cool chick. Youre, like, Im the coolest chick. I wanna fucking do it. And hes, like, lets go out tomorrow night. Youre like, yeah, a second date. It only took me six fucking months. Yeah. So now, youre excited cause you have a second date. And girls love getting ready for dates. Even though it makes us a little nauseous and all we wanna do is stay home and eat, we love second dates cause you got to get ready for your second date. So what do you do? You do your hair, you do your makeup, you shave your big toe. You come to play, right? Gotta make sure your underwears cute. Dont wanna go to Victorias secret cause thats a bit too much of a commitment. So where do you go for a cheap bra thats really cute? Target. They dont fit, and youre like, fuck it. For $12.50, Ill wear a bra made of ceiling insulation and barbed wire. Thats fine. It doesnt fit this boob, and it makes this nipple fall asleep. But for 12 bucks, Im good. You get all excited. You put on makeup. You put on the makeup that youre okay with sleeping in. All girls have to make this decision cause you know youre not gonna be washing your face because girls are so fucked up that we think, Id rather fall asleep, get night zits, and wake up looking like a melted clown than ever wash my face and show him that Im a human being. So you go there. Youre all excited. You get to his house. You guys start drinking. You get so fucking wasted in the first two hours that you have sex for three minutes before he goes completely soft. And the next thing you know, you wake up in your underwear on his couch. You look over, hes eating noodles, watching Harry Potter. Is this relatable to anyone else? Popular misconception about girls is that we get drunk and we wanna have sex. Heres the truth. We do. Have a good night. No. We do for, like, the first hour of being drunk, okay? Lets talk about the first hour of being drunk mostly because many of you are in that hour right now. I call it the witching hour. The first hour of being drunk is the best hour of the night because your buzz is fresh. Youre happy. You dont feel fat. You havent cried yet. Youre still somewhat of the self you were when you were sober. You still could ostensibly operate heavy machinery if an emergency were to arise, okay? Youre in that buzz. Youre feeling awesome. Your synapses havent been soaked in alcohol. So youre still alert. Youre feeling awesome. You walk into that bar like you own it. You fucking kick that door open even though its a pull-in door. You dont care. Youre just… Walk in. Lets do shots, bitches. You and your awful friends line up at the bar. Like, lets do shots. Youre doing shots you have no business doing. Lets get Jagermeister, Goldschlager, Rumple Minze, Aftershock. Do you have anything else that tastes like Christmas and vomit? You start doing them. Youre like, fuck it. Its my bachelorette, 21st birthday, wedding extravaganza, donkey punch. I dont know what this is… Do it. Shot, shot. What is that, hand soap? Bubbles. I dont care. Awesome. Now, youre on the dance floor. Youre like, this is so good. And youre feeling so good, right? Youre dancing. Youre all excited cause your buzz has just hit you. Youre like, this is great. I fucking love it. Youre ambitious about life. You ever plan a workout when youre drunk? When youre drunk, youre, like, this is when I get in shape. This is where it starts. Going to start tomorrow. You try to drag your friends into it. Youre like, Stacy! Sta… Stacy. Do you wanna work out? You dance like an asshole, by the way. I dont know who dances like this. Do you wanna work out, like, tomorrow? Do you wanna do that? Im gonna get up early and work out. Do you wanna go with me? Do you want to go at, like, 6:00? Its 5:00 now. Do you wanna take a spin class? Do you wanna spin? Do you wanna… Do you want… You dont wanna spin? You dont wanna go spinning? You dont wanna sit on a stationary bike and tolerate getting pounded in the rectum for an hour while some twinked-out spandex queen yells at you over a shitty remix of U2s Its a Beautiful Day in total darkness? You dont wanna do that? So youre feeling good and youre dancing. Youre like, I feel so thin. Ive never been hotter in my life. I feel so good. And then, it hits you. Youre like, oh, my God. I feel so good right now. I feel so awesome and happy. I wish I could feel this way all the time. I wish I could feel this buzz and this happy all the time. And thats when you realize thats how an alcoholic thinks. But youre, like, screw it. Im gonna give it a shot. Im gonna see just how far I can push being drunk. So you decide to do shots. And you decide, these shots arent gonna get me cause tonights the night I outsmart the liquor. Not gonna happen tonight cause Im gonna drink water. Going to drink a glass of water with each shot. And this is your brilliant idea. No one in the thousands of years of people imbibing alcohol has ever thought of this. This is your night, Einstein. Its your big plan. Im gonna do a shot and then have a glass of water, and then a shot, and then a glass of water. You cant buy me a shot now, but thank you. Im just having water. Im just having… Im just drinking water, but thank you. Shot and water, but what you dont realize is that five shots in an hour is still five fucking shots in an hour. You went and drank all that water like a crazy camel. Yeah, good job. Now, youre bloated. And you have to pee. Way to be. Cause when a girls gotta pee, everything has to come to a halt. Every girls gotta go with her. I have to pee. Do you have to pee? I cant go alone. No. Will you stop what youre doing and come with me? I have to pee. Do you have to pee? I have to pee. I have to go pee. Cant go in the bathroom alone. You might not come back. Cause no girls ever been to the bathroom alone and survived. Its true. The last woman that attempted it, it was 1937… And her name was Amelia Earhart. Its a big event. I have to pee. Come on. Lets go. Every girl, lets go, you girls. Come on. I have to pee, come on. Take my hand. Lets make a chain of whores. Everyone holds hands. As they walk into the bathroom. For me, when Im walking through a crowded bar, the amount of aggression I will display toward the other bar patrons is in direct correlation with how many boys Ive gotten to flirt with. Meaning if I havent gotten to talk to any cute guys, mamas gonna be a little aggressive in her walk to the bathroom, okay? Guys, when they get drunk, sometimes punch walls. I like to mule kick other girls in the shin. Its totally fine. Every girls done this. And you know why we do it? Cause we can get away with it. You can knock into a girl and then be, like, oops. I didnt mean that. Our smile is our jedi mind trick. Just, these are not the droids youre looking for. You ever do that? You ever just check a girl into the boards cause you can? You ever just been walking, and just been, like… I love your shoes. Oops. Takes you forever, but you finally get through that jungle of people. You get to the bathroom. For those of you that havent been in a womens restroom late night, a womens restroom late night looks like a scene out of Apocalypse Now. Theres gunfire, explosions, blood everywhere, children, a lot of Vietnamese men, which I never quite understood, like, why theyd be there. Youre with your buddies just trying to get through everything. You go pee. You get to the sink. And then, your night comes to a screeching halt cause for the first time in, like, four hours, you get a look at yourself in the mirror. And you see the swamp witch that youve become. Ten minutes ago, you thought you looked like Heidi Klum. It turns out you look like Seal. It hits you like a ton of bricks out of nowhere. And you dont know its coming. Youre sitting there talking to your friends. Youre like, this is awesome. –  Im gonna be young forever. – This is… No! What? What is this? I was once a great beauty. No. What is this? You go to touch it. It disappears. Youre, like… Is it a hologram? What is that? I look weird. One eyeball has migrated here. You look down. Youre just leaking vodka. Now, you dont wanna hook up with anyone. Now, all you wanna do is eat. Im a red-blooded American girl. Absolutely, when I get drunk, I would rather eat than hook up with you. Im sorry. I dont know. Give you a hand job or go get fries? Both are salty. One will give me carpal tunnel. Ill go with the fries. Every time. A popular misconception about girls is that we dont like to eat. Girls love to eat. Yeah. We just dont like to eat in front of a guy that we like. Thats the difference. When you first meet a guy that you like, you cant eat the way you want to on a date. You cant. You cant have that fourth plate of ribs on a date… I found out. Going on a date, society dictates that guys can do what they want and women have to be dainty. So hes gonna get fries, a burger, half a gazelle, whatever he wants to eat. Girls, you get the menu, what are you ordering? – All: Salad. – Salad. Like hot little robots. Salad. And its an excruciating experience cause youre trying to just look pretty the whole time. Hes sitting there enjoying his burger. Youre eating your lettuce. Youre just sitting there going, ugh. Youve abandoned the utensils. You ordered, like, a koala. You may as well eat like one. Youre just, like… Hes talking. You cant focus cause youre starving, right? Hes yapping. Youre just, like… You finished your lettuce. Theres no more watercress on the plate. Youre just… You pull one… Youre looking at his food. Youre, like, whats that over there? Fry. Talking, talking. You cant focus. You cant focus. Youre not getting any nutrients to your brain. Youre just kind of staring out the window, wondering what birds taste like. Youre just, like… You finished your lemon wedge, like, an hour ago. Hes still eating. Hes still talking. And youre… youre starting to get cold now. Youre not getting any nutrition into your bloodstream. Your spine is sticking out. Youre shivering. You start… Youre like a lost puppy. You start saying things that you dont mean. Hes yapping. You start just saying things, like, I would love to spend the afternoon with your mother. That sounds great. And no, I totally cared about that whole replacement refs thing. It really rocked my world as well. Once youre in a relationship, you can eat the way you want to. Once he loves you, you can roll out a trough at mealtime. It doesnt matter. You can put your hands behind your back, county fair pie-eating-contest-style. I love you. Is that the house cat? Yeah, you can let it all hang out when he loves you. Then, you can show him how you eat. Once youre in love, you can show him the 12-foot man-eating lizard you actually are. Your eyes light up red. Vwoom, vwoom. Lets get cheesecake. Oh, cool, sweetheart. You wanna share a piece of cheesecake? Uh-uh. Tail swipe. Get your own. All right, sweetheart. Dinners over. Did you get enough to eat? I love when they ask that cause Ive always wanted to give this answer. Did you get enough to eat? Uh-uh. Why? What else do you want? Your soul! Fire! Can I ask you… Can I ask you a question? Does this tail make my butt look big? Girls love eating. We do. We were the first ones to make it fun. Hello? Apple? Garden of Eden. Mm-hmm. Girls love to eat. I saw a bachelorette party take down a live buffalo at 35 Miles an hour off the freeway. It was magnificent. The girls ran alongside it. Like, Stacy put your veil over his snout. You ever tried to get a group of drunk girls to walk from a bar to a restaurant? Its like herding drunk, retarded sheep. First of all, yes, I love being a woman. Were amazing. I love Beyonce. But we have no idea where were going. Okay? Were walking around. All we know is that we got little sheep hooves on and were freezing because no one brought a jacket. Just walking forever, no clue. Im cold. Im cold. Why didnt you bring a jacket? Cause Im in my 20s and Im stupid. Im cold. I have to pee. Im cold. I have to pee. I dont have solutions. Just more problems. Everybodys got that one girlfriend thats a little filthy. She has no issue with peeing behind a dumpster. It holds everyone up. Youre all trying to walk and shes back there. Shes, like… You guys! Wa-a-a-ait. Wait, no, make sure nobodys watching. Youre sitting there running interference for your friend, like, dont look at her sheep vagina. Just mine. I promise you nobodys watching. I promise you. I promise you no guy is driving by, like, ugh, well, tonight really sucks. And I… Whoa. Is that a drunk girl peeing on hot garbage? Thats awesome. Oh, what am I doing? I got to get to the craft store. Oh. So shes… shes done peeing. Youre all wandering. Now, youre into the second hour. Youre still drunk somehow. Youre cold, youre hungry, and you… Everybodys got that one girlfriend that has a poor moral barometer. Shell get in a car with any guy… As long as it looks warm. And shell rationalize why hes not a rapist based solely on the way that hes dressed. Every girls had to do this, right? You have to make these, like, game-time decisions. Youre, like, hes not gonna rape me. Hes wearing nike dunks. Guys, come over here. Your friend goes over to the guy. She bends down like a streetwalker. Shes, like, hi, whats your name? Todd? Oh, thats a fun name. Thats a really exotic name. Oh, youll give us a ride? Okay, thats really fun. My name is crystal. Nice to meet you. Hold on a second. You guys! Hes gonna give us a ride. Hes gonna give us a ride. Do you wanna go with him? Your friends know better. Theyre on the other side of the street huddled together, like, crystal, get away. Were not… get… hes not… Crystals stupid, and shes already… Shes, like, hold on one second. Thank you so much. I really like your chin strap. Its really attractive. Hold on one second. Hold on. Let me… you guys! Hes gonna give us a ride. Like, do you wanna just keep walking? Sarah, youre being a bitch. You are… like, we talked about this earlier when you were in the bathroom. Youre being… this is, like, what we talked about. Youre being a… Do you not wanna… you dont wanna go with him? You guy… hold on one second. Thank you so much. Hold on one… okay, hold on. Hold on a sec. You guys, hes gonna give us… Hes being nice. Stop it. Stop it. Hes not… hes not… Hes not gonna rape us. Hes not gonna rape us. You have to whisper the rape part. Just in case that was his intention, you dont want to offend him ahead of time. God forbid you offend him and he leaves. Oh, no. Then what? Hes not gonna rape us. Hes wearing skechers. Thats fair. Now, youre into hour three. You didnt take the ride from chin strap. So youre walking. Youre cold. No one knows where theyre going cause youre all relying on girl GPS. For those of you that dont know, girl GPS pretty much consists of one girl doing this: Um… I feel like its this way. Girls, when you get drunk, who are you most likely to pick a fight with? Your boyfriend. Do you wanna know why? Cause you know hes not gonna hit you back. Every girl in here knows that your boyfriend will take a healthy dose of your drunk ranting. Why? Cause at the end of the night when youre all tuckered out, hes gonna want to mouth-kiss you and touch your snootch, thats why. I hate to tell you its why they do everything. Its why they put up with your attitude. Its why they buy you expensive drinks. Its why they let you make them turn the game off so you can show them what you did on pinterest. Okay? For snootches. Steve, come here. Come look at this. No, like, off. Like, turn it off. Dont p… Just, like, shut it off. I wanna show you something. Come here. Come here. Come here. Look, look what I have. Look what I pinned. Look at this. Its an entire wedding made of cheese. It can be our wedding. Steven? I call it a snootch cause I dont like the word vagina. No one says vagina. Like, no one says that. Thats weird. No one here has ever been hooking up with someone and been, like, this feels great. Continue to touch my vagina. Vagina? What? A vagina sounds like an Indian casino. This weekend at vagina… Wayne Newton at vagina. I made up snootch cause its so cute-sounding. Snootch. Snootch. Maybe it would be, like, a cartoon character. Maybe it would be, like, a cute, tiny, furry… obviously… character. Its got a little top hat. And maybe before you have sex, you have to summon snootch so he can bless the whole thing. Yeah, thats what you have to do. Youre having… Youre about to have sex. You have to get out a snootch flute which you have to preorder. You have to order them online. Its a… its a dot-gov site. You pull it out. Youre, like, you ready to have sex? Sure, lets… lets… Lets summon snootch. Doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo. Snootch! Hi, folks. Hi, snootch. We were just about to have sex. Do we have your blessing? Well, you surely do. It was nice meeting both of you, but I better be on my way. Doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo. Snootch! So cute. I made up snootch cause I dont like the p-word. I dont like saying it. Its not a lady word. Pussy. If I got to say it, theres gonna be an involuntary facial spasm that comes with it. You should know that. I will ruin any sort of moment we have going in the bedroom. All right, babe. This is great. Tell me where you want me to put it. Ill say it, but youre not gonna like it. Come on. Where do you want me to put it? Why dont you put it in my pussy! I cant. Whatd you say? Nothing. Im fine, Im fine. All right. Lets do this. Great. All right, come on. Lets get back to it. All right, where do you want me to put it? Why dont you put it in my pussy! No! Its not a lady word. Ladies dont say that word. Like, growing up, did your mom ever say, pussy, you need to shower? No, she didnt, right? No, and if she did, then your mom was white trash. Its not a lady word. Its not a word that women hear independent of men. Most women dont hear that word, like, in professional ether. No womans laying there at the gynecologist. Doctor walks in, hes, like… Whats up? Hows it hangin? All right, lets see. Pussy checks out all right. Great tits, by the way. Good hustle. Get outta here. Its… its a guy word. I dont care that guys say it. Boys are gross, and thats why we love them, okay? But thats a guy thing. Thats what guys say in the locker rooms with… with… With all their grossness. Id imagine they go to the locker room after a rousing game of touch softball, and they talk about the p-word. Hey, whats up? Whats up, bro? Whats up? Did you get any… Did you get any pussy last night? Yeah, a whole bucket. I dont know how you quantify it. I dont know if it goes bucket, mug, ramekin. I dont know. But thats what guys do in the locker rooms with the butt slaps and the sword fighting. Thats what they do. We know about that. We know you do weird things with each other with your wieners cause you do weird things with us, and youre trying to impress us. So I can only imagine what creepiness goes on behind closed doors. Ive seen it firsthand. Every girl has. Every girls had that boyfriend where youre sitting on the bed in your target underwear waiting. He comes out of the bathroom naked except for a t-shirt. No bottoms, Donald ducking it the whole way. Hes got this grin on his face. And hes just, like, hey, babe. Babe, check this out. Why are you doing that? On behalf of all women, why? Its never gonna change a girls mind, ever. You are not helping yourself. No woman, I promise you, ever… Youre sitting there doing that like a circus monkey, no girl is gonna turn around, like… My, my, my. You know whats crazy? Um… I didnt want to have sex with you before. But now… Now that youve displayed the agility… Of your flaccid penis… As it slaps in rhythmic repetition… Against either one of your clearly never-seen-by-the-sun thighs, now, snootch time. In closing, I would… In closing, I would like to give the girls in this room a bit of advice, okay? I have a tip for you, but just the tip. Ladies, never order a lobster on a date. The lobster is the most expensive thing on the menu, okay? So just know that if you order and consume a lobster, you have to touch your dates weiner. You have to, okay? Its like a sexual contract from the sea. Its binding. Now, keep in mind he wants you to get the lobster. Hes not gonna make you get it, but hes hoping youll come to that conclusion on your own. Hes hoping youll be flipping through the menu, and youll be, like, I dont know what to get. Like, Im just… i dont know. Im eating fresh this week. Im eating a lot of fresh things. Thats my new thing, fresh. Im just gonna do fresh food. Lobster? Should I… should I get it? Should I get it? Should I get the lobster? Should I crack it open on my head like an otter, eat it off my chest? Lobster? Yeah, cause then, its weiner time this Sunday at vagina. Heres how its gonna go down, okay? Youre gonna be making out later. And now, guys, this is for you to know. Just so you know, as girls, we like to make out with you when we first meet you. We like to make out with you a couple times and then leave right when you think were gonna sleep with you, okay? We do it to make sure that you like us. But if you want to know the truth, they teach us this shit in high school. While you were off building a birdhouse in shop class, we were off learning how to be annoying. Heres how it happens. Youre gonna be making out. And youll notice that when a girl makes out with you and leaves you, we always leave in a very sweet way because we want you to have a nice impression of us for later, right? So its always, like, okay, well, I gotta go. Bye. No, you didnt. No. Bye. I love you too. Stop it. Its always very sweet, right? Ive gone as far as to sometimes bring a little thing of vanilla body spray. And when he gets up to go to the bathroom, I spray it on his pillow. That way, later, when he texts me, hes like, oh, my God. My pillow still smells like you. Im like, thats amazing. I dont know why. You can get creative with it. You can take a handful of glitter on your date. And then after youre leaving, just be, like, okay, I gotta go. Bye. You can bring a smoke bomb… And then, like, still be standing there cause you dont know magic. Girls always leave in a sweet way. We never leave in a huff. Its never, like, well, I got mine. Eat my shit later, fuck-tard. Never doing that. So were gonna be making out later. And heres how its gonna go. Were gonna be making out, okay? So this is making out, okay? Im 12, this is what making out looks like. And the guys gonna be, like, oh, I like making out with you so much. I like making out with you. Tonight was so fun. It was really fun. Youre so hot. I know. This is so fun. I really like you. Youre so pretty. I know, this is great. I am pretty. Oh, I like you a lot. So you wanna keep going? Girls, thats your cue. All right, well, I gotta go. What? I gotta go, bye. Later. And the guy is gonna try to get you to stay, right? As he should. You cant just walk out of a spiders web. Youre really gonna go? Come on. Come on. Amber. You really gonna go? You really gonna go? Really gonna go? Really just go? Youre just gonna go? Huh? Youre just gonna leave it like this? Im sorry. Were we in the middle of open heart surgery? Im pretty sure youre fine. Yeah. Im not a doctor per se, but Im fairly confident that blood will return to your system. Walk it off, champ. That might sound harsh, but it took ten years of me dating to learn that a boner isnt a medical condition. So Im paying you back right now. Now, hes pissed, mostly because he has a raging erection and you called him champ. Now, hes mad. Really? Youre gonna go? Thats messed up. Thats messed up! Its messed up, Amber. Youre just gonna go. Let me… Just gonna go? Its funny. Its funny. Youre just gonna go cause, uh… Huh. I distinctly remember I bought you a lobster. The mans right. Time to pay the Piper. Girls, you do not have to sleep with him. Its just a crustacean. Thats ridiculous, all right? But you got to give him something. I-I suggest a beej. Thats what I suggest. Thats proper. Dont do a hand job. Thats ridiculous. Thats childs play. Hand job? A handy? Really? As a grown woman, youre not doing a hand job, okay? If you voted, youre not doing a hand job. Lets send some hand jobs overseas to China. Not doing a hand job. A hand job, who does… Thats what kids do when youre, like, a teenager. You do a hand job. You put on your promise ring. You revel in your virginity for the next 10 to 15 years depending on your involvement with comic books. Thats what a hand job is for. As an adult, its not happening. Its an intermediary step in a sexual evolution that youve evolved past, okay? Its like a tail… Necessary at one point for balance, but if you busted it out at a house party, people would be, like, weirded out. I was out with a guy one time who I wasnt even into. I didnt want to do anything. And he didnt buy me a lobster. And I was… I explained everything. And after talking to him, hes like, Id like a hand job. I think it sounds great. And I guess I was frustrated cause he hadnt been listening to me or my feelings. And I was like, all right. Ill tell you what, son. Im gonna give you a hand job. But its gonna be on my terms. 45 minutes long… No lotion… And you dont break eye contact. Go! What kills me is that you get that Im kidding. He did not. I swear to God he goes, aw, no lotion? That doesnt sound fun. Like the 45-minute part is tolerable? Iliza, come on. You gotta do something. You gotta give me lotion or do something cute. It threw me off that he said cute because thats not an adjective I believe belongs anywhere near an h.J. It sounded creepy in a way. I was like, what do you mean cute? What… whats cute? What do you want? What do you want, kitten paws? Its probably how that one cat lost his eye. You guys are fantastic. Thank you so much for coming out.

MIKE BIRBIGLIA@MY GIRLFRIENDS BOYFRIEND@2013@Wow. Hey, thank you. Thanks. Thank you, guys. Hey, Seattle. Nice to see you. Look at this. Look at us. Were here. This is crazy. Its insane. So about five years ago, pretty much everyone who I know started to get married, and that was strange for me because I dont really believe in the idea of marriage. And that would have been fine, except I have a problem where sometimes when I think that I am right about something, it can be a real source of tension between me and the person Im arguing with. And the reason its a source of tension is that Im right. And so I remember distinctly talking to my friend Dana, and she goes, Well, you dont believe in marriage for you, but, of course, you believe in it for other people. And I was like, No, I think its insane, you know, for anyone. And she said, Why? And I said, Well, first of all, it just seems doomed. You know, 50% of marriages end in divorce. Thats just first marriages, by the way. Second marriages, 60% to 62% end in divorce. Third marriages, 70% to 75% end in divorce. Thats a learning curve. Second of all, monogamys impossible, or at the very least, not a sure thing. When I say that, I think people assume that Im implying that men are incapable of being faithful. I think women are just as incapable, but for more sophisticated reasons, you know. I mean, with men, were just really simple. We have a very simple sexuality. When I say that, my female friends are like, Well, we like sex just as much as you do. And I said, Sure, but its different. And they say, How? And I say, Have you ever masturbated while driving a car? Number three… Im never gonna be happy. Why would anyone want to be a part of that? I think thats not brought up often enough. I, um, I didnt know that would be the reaction. Oh, no, thats the hopeful part. The, uh… I had one ally in all this, which is my friend Andy, and hes a comedian as well. Not only did we decide we werent gonna get married, we actually tried to stop other people we knew from getting married. Yeah, we were pretty good at it. Like, we stopped or put on hold three or four marriages, you know. We were… we were pretty good. I mean, we werent like the best in the world. Im sure there are better in Europe. But we were… we were solid, you know. Like, so, like, for example, at point my friend Alex was about to get engaged. And so we just took him to dinner. And during dessert, we gave him a long, hard stare. We said, Are you sure this is what you want to do? And then we went cold to give him the sense of what it would feel like when we werent friends anymore. So February 27, 2007, Im at Andys house in Los Angeles. And earlier in the night, I got in an argument with my girlfriend on the phone, and it was a bad one because I knew that I was right. And Andy was a perfect person to be with in this kind of a situation cause hes the kind of friend who just takes your side regardless of whether youre right. He says stuff like, She sounds crazy. Like, even if what shes saying isnt that crazy, like, youd be like, She only eats whole wheat bagels. Hed be like, She sounds crazy! Youd be like, Thats not even the crazy part! You know. So Im telling him about his argument. And he goes, Youre right. I go, I know. Im right. He goes, Yeah, youre right. I go, I know Im right. I got to tell her about this in the morning. And I get in my rental car to head back to my hotel, and Im driving out of Andys small road, and Im t-boned! I dont know if youre familiar with this term, uh… This is the culinary way of describing when you are hit by another car drivers side at a 90-degree angle, like a t-bone steak. And in 1 1/2 seconds, Im spun around, and I think Im dead. No, wait, Im paralyzed. And then I hear nothing. And then I hear the other car skid out and drive away. I know. Let me tell you how this argument started. I met Jenny in St. Louis. My friend Andy and I were working for her company. They were performing for a bunch of wrestling coaches, which is really my demographic. I, uh… No, I was very nervous about this. I was actually kind of about to go onstage, and I was, like, scrawling notes on my napkin. A lot of times Ill write kind of manic notes on napkins or hotel stationary. And Jenny looked at me, and she goes, What are you doing? And I said, Im writing my set list. And then she goes, I think itll be fine. And I was like, No, it wont be fine. And then she was like, I think it will be okay. And I said, Why do you think that? And she said, Well, you look so nervous, I think theyll feel sorry for you. But Jenny has this really soft, sweet voice, like the kind of voice where you kind of get away with saying anything. At one point, she said, It seems like you comedians are a lot funnier onstage. Normally, Id be offended by that, but in this instance, I was like, You are right. That is a great point. You are beautiful, you know. She re… she really was. You know, from the moment I met Jenny, I knew I wanted to sleep with her at least once. Stay with me. Uh, I mean… I mean that in, like, in the most meaningful way. Like, that was the most that I was capable of in my life at that point. I… Id jus… Id just come off a really long, difficult breakup with my college sweetheart where we were gonna get married, and… and then we werent. And then when we werent, I was so heartbroken, I just kind of swore off the idea of marriage or even living with someone entirely, you know, and… But from the moment I met Jenny, I just wanted to be with her. And I didnt… I didnt think it was gonna happen. Like, I dont have that kind of confidence. I actually think of myself as a sex maybe, which is to say that if Im seeing a girl, shed think, Id have sex with him, maybe. You know, and Im… Im not ashamed of that. There were periods in my life where I was a sex never. Or a sex with self always. Yeah. And often. Surprisingly often. Yeah, I just dont give off a great first impression. Like, Ill give you an example. Like, this is the shirt I decided to wear tonight. Like, I didnt… I didnt spill mustard on the real shirt and this is the backup shirt. I mean, this is my A outfit. My B outfit was naked. I like to dress down to perpetuate the myth that I might be a fixer-upper. Ive reached this point in my life I dont really look in the mirror before I leave my apartment. I glance at it to make sure Im not bleeding. You know what I mean? Like… But I dont stare at the mirror. If I stare at the mirror, I get angry. Like, I feel like Im complaining about a bad call a ref just made. Im like, Come on! Youre blind if youre leaving the house like that! And the ref is God, and the competing teams are my gut and my receding hairline. And its a close game cause my gut is large and my hairline is fast, and Im all riled up. Im about to charge the field. And the guy comes by with fried dough. And Im like, Next time. You know, thats how I go for fried dough, cause I have a problem. I just… This is ridiculous. Can you follow me over here for a second? Im gonna jump off stage. This is only in Seattle where someone is wearing no shoes? No shoes or socks? What? Who are you people? What is wrong with you? I would expect that behavior from this guy, but not you, sir, not you! What is this? Where do you think you are? From Seattle! Yeah, Seattle. So Ive been going, uh, recently to a womens exercise class. I-Ive given up on having a traditional male physique. And so now Im going for strong, independent woman. And, uh… Its going pretty well, you know. Im not as good in the class as you might think. Sometimes Ill kind of skip whole sections of the more difficult exercises when the instructor isnt looking. But then when she looks over, I always have to strike a pose as though Ive been doing what everybody else has been doing. It reminds me of the Olympics. You know how they do gymnastics, how theyll have those… The girls will do those crazy flips and twirls. And every once in a while… And Im not saying I root for this to happen, but sometimes theyll fall, and its ugly cause theyre rolling around like, Im in a lot of trouble. Like, I dont even know how I got here. But at the end of that, no matter what… And I totally fall for it. Im like, that cant possibly be the same loser From moments ago. I mean, thats a completely different person. This person has much better posture, for starters. I really wanted Jenny to come out with me and Andy that night in St. Louis cause we were going out to one of these famous Irish pubs where no one can hear anyone speak. And so I thought that might work to my advantage. I dont know, and, uh… I didnt have the nerve to ask her myself, and so I convinced Andy to ask her for us. And, uh… Pfft. Which… yeah, I dont know if that was the best idea cause, uh, were heading… Were in the car heading to the pub, and Jenny says, Oh, I left my I.D. at the hotel. And I was like, Oh, we can just swing back and get it. And shes like… shes like, No, itll be fine. I was like, No, it wont be fine cause its St. Patricks day, and theres bouncers. And she goes, No, itll be okay. And I was like, No, it wont be okay. And then we get to the pub, and it was fine. Like, the bouncer just kind of waved her through, which has not been my experience with bouncers. For me, bouncers are like prison guards. And for Jenny, theyre like birthday clowns like, you know, What can I do to make your day better? You know, and thats… Were at the pub, and it had taken so much convincing for Andy to get Jenny to come out there. By the time she came out, she thought she was on a date with him. And, yeah, that wasnt the idea. And so I said… I had to convince him to fall away as the night went on, like the red rockets on the space shuttle. And eventually, she realized she was on a date with me, and she was not happy about that. But, uh… But she warmed to me as the night went on cause she was drinking, and then, like… No, by the end of the night, we were laughing and having a good time, and we… I caught a break, which is we shared a ride back to our hotel with one of their friends, and she and I were stuffed in this little back seat together. And it was really quiet, so I could hear her soft voice. And she told me she had just come off a long, difficult breakup, and I told her about my breakup. And for a moment there in the back seat, it felt like we were holding up two halves of a broken paper heart, and… We get back to the hotel, and I offer to walk her to her room, and she says, Sure. We get to her door, and I didnt want this night to end. And so I build up the courage to lean in to kiss her, and she says, Oh, no, thank you. Which I thought was polite… But disappointing. I mean, theres something about a rejected kiss that is the most personal type of rejection because youre really putting yourself out there. Youre just like, I think we should connect mouths, you know, and… The other persons like, I do not think we should connect mouths. And those are… Theyre two very different mouth agendas, you know. And then you just feel so stupid. Youre like, I never should have suggested we connect mouths, you know. This is a sore subject for me. I have sort of a long history of failed kisses. Like, I… I remember growing up, like, when people started making out. Like, in my time in Massachusetts, it was in seventh grade. I remember… I remember it like it was yesterday cause I was shocked. I was like, People we know are just making out with other people we know? But how? You know. It seemed like an alien ritual where these two aliens just attach orifices all of a sudden. I was like, I am not doing that. And collectively, all the girls in my class were like, That is fine. You are not on the list. Youre not exactly a first-round draft pick for our new activity. I was like, Perfect. It seemed so gross to me. And it still does kind of. Like, sometimes you hear these homophobic arguments from these guys who are like, I dont like when I see two dudes making out in the street. And I feel that way about anyone. Like, making out is just sloppy. Its like watching a dog eat spaghetti. Thats how I make out. Is that right? Does anybody know if thats right? Okay, good. So… In seventh grade, I was like, Im not gonna make out with anybody. And that was fine for a while, but increasingly, it kind of divided the class into two distinct parts. It was like, the make-out club and the non-make-out club. And these were informal organizations, of course. I mean, I would be sad if that were school-sanctioned, like, we call this meeting of the non-make-out club to order. First order of business, Nintendo. Second order of business, why doesnt anyone like us? Meeting adjourned. I dont know, it was a sad group, and we were losing good guys by the day. I feared… I feared that soon I would be the lone member of the non-make-out club, so I was like, I got to try to get into the make-out club. But it was a very intangible goal. I didnt really talk to a lot of girls, and… There was one girl who sat in front of me in class named Lisa Bazetti who I had a huge crush on, but she was way out of my league. Like, she had many suitors. She had… I dont… The rest of the show is in old English. Uh… She doth had many suitors! Uh, no, she had many, you know, admirers. And there were three of us, really, and I was in third place in all the trade publications, but I had one advantage over these other guys, which is she had to talk to me on the phone every night about homework, thanks to alphabetical order. Bazetti, Birbiglia. One time I said something on the phone that made her laugh, and I was like, Oh, this is great. I got to do that more. And one time we were on the phone, and she was laughing so hard, I remember so well cause she goes, Mike, you got to stop. Im gonna pee myself. And I was like, Wow. This was the closest Id ever come to a vagina. So spent the next 15 years trying to get Lisa Bazetti to pee. And thats how I ended up here. Yeah. Thats how we all ended up here, in a sense. So… uh… So heres what happened with Lisa. One time I built up the courage to ask her to go to the carnival with me, and she said yes. I couldnt believe it. Like, all of a sudden I thought, Well, maybe this will be like one of those romantic comedy montages. Well go to the carnival, well get stuck On the top of the Ferris wheel, well make out. Itll all take a minute and a half, and it will be set to Phil Collins song. But I think that when youre 12 years old, you just dont understand certain things about your digestive system. You dont know that you shouldnt eat popcorn and peanuts and ice cream and cotton candy and then step onto a machine called the scrambler. Cotton candy being the most insane of these items. Its basically saying, Were gonna take sugar, which everyone knows is bad, but then well dress it up like insulation. And Im like, Im not sure what the selling point is there. Is it the sugar or the insulation? Theyre like, We already sold it. Im like, well done, way to move the product before the information campaign disseminates. I dont know if you have the scrambler here in Seattle. I imagine you might. It travels on a truck. It is a very mobile scrambling unit. The premise is very simple. You just sit on a two-person pod with the person you are in love with, and that pod goes in a circle, which is part of a larger circle, which is part of an even grander circle. As I understand it, it was originally designed as a medical device for constipated patients. It was called the shits of pants-erator, and it was wildly successful. And then it was co-opted by the carnival workers of America. Cwoa. And they said… They said, We like it, but we do feel like the name is a little bit of a turnoff. And then one guy says, Well, what about the I think Im gonna die-erator? And theyre like, Thats good, cause it gets across the essence of how you feel when youre on the machine. Plus it has the added wordplay with diarrhea, which is a nice homage to the original intention of the machine, but we still feel like the name might be a little bit of a turnoff. And then one guy goes, well, what about the scrambler? Cause it scrambles you! Theyre like, We get it, Frank, but who… Frank is a maniac. This guy cant be stopped, but every once in a while, hes got a good idea. But who will be in charge of this dangerous piece of equipment? And this one guy goes, well, I have a nephew whos 16 years old and smokes pot 24 hours a day. I feel like he might be available. And theyre like, he sounds amazing. We dont even need to interview him. He sounds completely qualified. I sit down with Lisa on the scrambler, and Im feeling good. Like, shes snuggling up close to me, and Im thinking… Im thinking like, this could be it. This could be where its all gonna happen. This is very special. And then they put that bar seat belt down. And the bar seat belt is not a reassuring piece of safety equipment. Its not a Ralph Nader approved item. I dont think its saved lives. I think the only thing its ever done is in a scrambler accident, its just sort of held someones esophagus down to the pavement, making sure that they are dead and that they cannot talk about the scrambler accident. First rule of scrambler accident, dont talk about scrambler accident. Thats from scrambler club. Well, I knew from the moment they put the bar seat belt down that I was going to throw up for sure. And I even said to the 16-year-old stoner, I was like, hey, actually… And then he was gone. Apparently, he doesnt enjoy the second halves of sentences. So then Im scrambling, and… As I am scrambling, Im thinking, I need to come up with a plan of some kind. Im not going down without a fight. My first plan was very simple. It was just dont look at Lisa, dont look at any other people. I was like, dont look at Lisa, dont look at any other people. Dont look at Lisa, dont look at any other people. I need a new plan. And… The new plan was I needed to tell the scrambler operator… That he needed to stop the ride, but… The mathematics of the scrambler are such that the window of opportunity in which one can communicate with the scrambler operator is a very limited window. So Im like, I got to tell him hes got to stop the ride. I got to tell him hes got to stop the ride. I got to tell him hes got to stop the ride. Please stop the ride! And Im back! Im not sure he heard me. I got to say it louder. Please stop the ride! Im not sure hes paying attention. I think he might be smoking pot right now. The third time I said, please stop. And then I started throwing up, and it was not unlike an oscillating lawn sprinkler, just… Popcorn, peanuts… Insulation. Really, insulating the pavement with my homemade carnival salsa. I did not look at Lisa. But Im pretty sure she was staring at me because I was a spectacle at that point. I was spectacular. And we did not make out. I did not lose my mouth virginity that evening. Two years later, it gets worse. Um… Im at the St. Johns high school, what they call a cattle call dance. This is an all boys catholic school I attended where they would invite the girls from all over the state to our sweaty St. Johns gymnasium like cattle, which is a friendly way to describe women, you know. So… Cattle shows up at 8:00. Well make out with the cattle. Cattle goes home at 10:00. Then we go out for burgers. Completely separate from the cattle analogy. It was a horrible affair. It was just like this room chock-full of sweat and hormones and drakkar noir and led zeppelin and making out. At this point, I was, indeed, the lone member of the non-make-out club, but it was actually worse than that cause I had to lie to my friends and tell them I had had my first kiss cause it was, like, this really tough, all boys school. And so when they would ask, like, oh, have you had your first kiss? Id be like, yeah, like, all the time. Like, every… every week. I always feared at some point thered be a follow-up question like, oh, yeah? Whats it like? And Id be like, yeah, you know, its just like licking an ice cream cone. And theyd be like, no, its not. Its like sucking on a rocket pop. And Id be like, ah, wrong frozen dessert analogy. Im at the dance, and Im flanked by my friend Sam Ricciardi. And were introduced by our friend Tom to these girls from his town. They were the last two cows at the dance. They were like, moo! And we were like, moo! And then Sam says one of these phrases I think weve all heard but is very uncomfortable to repeat. He says, you get that one. Which I know its the worst turn of phrase, but Im comfortable saying it cause I know Ive been on the negative end of that conversation where a girl says of me, you get that one. And then her friend goes like, oof. You know, or even worse… or even worse, like, you owe me, which really hurts thinking of someone incurring debt based on my appearance. I would hate to hurt someones credit score, you know. So he goes… he goes, you get that one. And then Im just fast dancing with this girl, Sandra, to young mcs bust a move. And Im not great at fast dancing, but they had the strobe light going, so its only catching me one out of every five… Hey! So shes losing interest, but at 1/5 the speed. And then Im saved by a slow song, Stairway to Heaven, which is a classic make-out anthem. Led Zeppelin, eight minutes long. Whats great about slow dancing is you cant really mess it up cause its just sort of a slow-motion hug. Like, the only way you could mess it up is if you just started fast dancing in the middle of it. Shed be like, what are you doing? And Id be like, I dont pick up on social cues, you know. But its such a long song, you know, Stairway, so Im just trying not to fidget. Im sort of a fidgety person. I feared if I fidgeted too much, I might initiate the head tilt too early. I didnt know anything about making out, but Id seen people do it. I could see theres, like, a head tilt. I had heard there were tongues involved. And I could see that there was, like, some kind of space in between the two mouths. To me that was the most mysterious part of the whole thing. What is happening in that space? There is no… You know, theres no video documentation of that area. Its like the giant squid of making out. No one has seen it alive. Theyve only seen it washed up on the shore… Which is more specific to the squid side of that analogy, but… So Im trying not to fidget. Then with 1 1/2 minutes left in stairway to heaven, the song hits that crescendo… All around me, kids start to make the tilt. Just a harvest of teenagers making out all around me. And I was like, oh, no. I dont want to be alone anymore. And I make the slightest tilt. And then Sandra comes in strong, and then its an all-out mouth war. And she had artillery cause she had braces. It was like a dog eating spaghetti and the fork. As this oral atrocity is taking place, all I can think is, Im not alone anymore! Im not in the non-make-out club! And all I wanted to do was tell my friends, but I couldnt because up until that point, Id lied and said that Id had my first kiss. I walked off the dance floor, Sam was like, howd it go, dude? I had to be like, same as always. Pretty smooth. As the week wore on, I started to convince myself, well, maybe it did go well, and I should call Sandra, and this could bud into a relationship of some kind, but… I got her number from Tom, and those conversations ended up being very brief, you know. We didnt have a lot to talk about. I remember just being like, hey, you like full house? Me neither. Cool. All right. Later. You know what I mean? At certain points, I remember getting this vibe from her, kind of like, why are you calling me? And I remember thinking, oh, Im probably reading into that one too much, and… And then she stopped calling me back. And I was like, oh, yeah, I read into that one perfectly. But I just felt so dumb about the whole thing, and the worst part is I couldnt even tell my friends, until one day I was… I was standing by my locker with my friend Tom, and so I said to him, I was like, hey, whats going on with Sandra? Like, she hasnt called me back. And Tom has this knowing grin on his face. I was like, what? Tom was like, nothing. And I was like, what? Tom was like, nothing. And I was like, what? Toms like, oh. I talked to Sandra, and she said youre the worst kisser shes ever kissed. And it was so devastating cause not only was it probably true, but I couldnt explain to my friends why it was true. I couldnt say, that makes sense. Ive never done that before. So instead I had to play it off. I had to be like, yeah, that sounds about right. Im a terrible kisser. Thats kind of my thing. So I lean in to kiss Jenny, and she says, oh, no, thank you. She agrees to go out with me in New York. We were both living in New York, and she gave me her number, and I typed it in my phone, and from that point on, she would be Jen, Irish pub, nice. A few weeks later, I took her out to a restaurant I couldnt afford to show her how much money I could put on my credit card. Were out to dinner, and she says to me, she goes, everyone hates me at work, and I said, why would they hate you? I love you. She goes, you love me? I go, I mean, you seem cool. I pulled it back. I didnt want to show all my cards. Just about nine of them. One of the other things that she said of note on this date is she said, you know, sometimes Ill date two people at once, and that way Im never let down by either person. I said, that seems like a really smart plan. Like, Id like to do that as well. And she said, Im still kind of seeing my ex-boyfriend, John, and you can see other people too, but you have to tell me if youre seeing them. And I was like, all right, sounds like a plan. Got it. Break! I got to go find some more people, you know. And so a few nights later, Im in another city, and I do a show, and after the show, I went out to a bar, and I ended up making out with this random girl. Then a few nights later, Im out to dinner with Jenny, and she says, how was your trip? And I said, it was great. I did some shows, and then one night I ended up making out with this random girl. And that didnt go over very well in the conversation. I could sense that something was wrong. And I was like, but Im right about that, right? Like, Im supposed to tell you if that happens, right? And she says, yeah, but it doesnt mean that I wont lose interest in you. And I said, thats a whole new clause! Thats a twist! What is this, the romantic comedy version of the usual suspects? I said, are you still seeing John? And she said, sometimes. I said, well, dont you see the contradiction in that? And she says, yes. And it gets very quiet… Because we were falling in love. Three weeks into my relationship with Jenny, I built up the courage to ask her to go on a trip to Bermuda. I wanted to show her how much more money I could put on my credit card. Since I didnt have a lot left, we went to Bermuda cause it was the off season. You can get these great deals online. Because as it turns out, when its winter in New York, it is also winter… In Bermuda, and, uh… Jenny and I meet up at the airport, and shes late, which is a big pet peeve of mine. I fancy myself as a professional traveler. Im always two hours early, I have my pocket for my ticket and my passport, and I have laceless moccasins. I never tell jokes about bombs. And… and Jennys late. And then we get to security, and Im not making this up, she doesnt have a license or a passport. And I said, what do you mean? I go, how do you travel? And she goes, well, usually, they let me on the plane with my credit card and my work I.D. I dont like to dwell on the differences between men and women, but I just cant imagine a scenario where a man would go to the airport with no license and no passport, and they would let him on the plane. But women get a pass on things like this that I find completely bewildering. I mean, if I were in charge of Al-Qaeda, for example, what… what I would do is I would recruit attractive women because theyre just not stopped under any circumstances. Although it would be difficult to recruit them because all they have to offer are the 72 virgins and, you know, the women wouldnt want that, unless theyre lesbians, although theres an idea, you know. Al-Qaeda… Al-Qaeda could recruit hot lesbians, although… then theyd have to guarantee that the 72 virgins are also lesbians. I mean, what are the odds, you know? All 72 virgins are also lesbians, unless you think of sexuality as, like, a blank slate concept where the first person you have sex with dictates your sexual identity. Like the 72 virgins are like, I didnt even know I was a lesbian until I had sex with that hot lesbian terrorist. And now thats all Im into. I used to be into these Afghani guys who are so crazy, theyd die in a fiery plane crash to have sex with me and 71 of my friends. But now I dont see Khalid in the same way anymore. The point is, we went to Bermuda, and were on the flight… On the flight, and the flight attendant comes over, and she puts champagne glasses down in front of us. And she says, congratulations on your honeymoon. And we said, oh, no, thanks. Were not on our honeymoon. And she walks away, and Jenny says, thats so funny. I dont think Ill ever go on a honeymoon. And I said, oh, really? And she goes, yeah. I dont think Id ever want to get married in my life. And I said, oh, really? I go, me too. I said, is that based on a principle, or did you have a bad relationship? Like, what was your first boyfriend like? And… She told me about her first boyfriend Brian. It was… they were at the same bus stop when they were 16, and they would make out on the bus, and they were together for six years. And they… you know, their relationship got deeper, and they would talk about how they were gonna get married and spend the rest of their lives together. And I said, then what? And she said, he died. He had leukemia. And I said, well, do you ever talk about this with anyone? And she says, no, I dont really like to talk about it. But these were the kinds of conversations we started having on this trip where Jenny was opening up to me, and I was opening up to her. And every night wed be up till 2:00 or 3:00 in the morning, and we were so happy, we… At one point, I was like, well, we should do this again. We should go on another trip. And you could get a license or a passport. Jenny said, that sounds great, but I dont think Id get a license or a passport cause they dont make me get one. And I was like, yeah, but its the law. You know. Jenny says, yeah, I dont think Ill get one cause they dont make me get one, you know. Thats how I feel. Thats how Jenny argues things. Sometimes shell just say, thats how I feel. And Ill say, thats not an argument. Like, were not even in an argument right now because you dont have an argument. And shell say, I just won that argument. And Ill say, thats not even possible based on the definition of what an argument is. And shell say, I just won that argument, again. Thats how I feel. You could see how this could be a little bit maddening, you know, uh… On our final day on the trip, we got into an argument about essentially nothing. She noticed there was a basketball court at our hotel, and she said, we should play. And I was like, yeah, but not, like, a game. And she said, why? And I said, well, cause Id win. And she said, no, I think I would win. I go, no. I know that Id win, and I know that what Im supposed to say is that… The guy says, Ill win, the girl says, Ill win, and the guy lets her win, and then she likes him more. But I just dont have that in me. And Jenny goes, you dont have to let me win. Lets go out and play. And so we went out and played basketball, and I just kicked her ass. I mean, it was just like… It was just like… 10 to 1, you know, 11 to 1. I mean, I was having a good day, but still, I was just destroying her. And at one point, she literally said, Ive never met someone whos so obsessed with the score. And I said, the score is what makes it a game! So were arguing this over lunch, and then, again, it comes up at dinner, and then were still arguing about it at 2:00 or 3:00 in the morning about essentially nothing. And she said, I dont understand why youre so obsessed with being right. I go, Im not obsessed with it. I just am. I said, why do you think youre right? And she says, thats how I feel. I said, if you think Im so wrong about everything, why are you even with me? And Jenny says, you cant choose who you love. Which is true, but it doesnt mean its good. I remember the first time I fell in love, I was in high school, and it was that first time where you fall in love, and youre just like, this is it. I found her. Im 17 years old, and Im done, you know. And… Her name was Amanda, and she was, like, adorable and funny. And what was really exciting for me was that she was, like, a delinquent. Like, I was like this play-by-the-rules school citizen, and she had been expelled from her previous school for dealing acid, which I thought was a really strong quality. Like, at one point, she was like, it was totally messed up because it wasnt even me. It was this other girl, and I was framed. And I was just like, awesome. Like no one would ever frame me for anything. I just… I thought it was like an opposites attract situation. She wanted to know what it was like to hang out with someone in student government who writes for the newspaper. And I wanted to know what it was like to be cool. At one point, I was like, do you want to write an article for the newspaper? She goes, I dont want to write an article. I want to do things people write articles about. And I was like, good answer. I find that when you fall in love, you tend to overlook certain red flags. One of them was that she would say really mean stuff to me, but then she would pull it back. Shed be like, no one likes you at all. Only kidding. Or, like, youre like a nerd, but youre not even smart. Just joking. Cant choose who you love. Second red flag with Amanda was that she was a liar. And I dont… I dont mean that in an offensive way. Like, lying was kind of like a… Its like a sport at the school I was at. I transferred from the all boys school to this co-ed school. There was this one guy in my class named Keith Robbins who was a legendary liar. Youd know when he was lying cause he would lick his finger like a bookie, and he would dart his eyes from side to side. And hed go, yeah, yeah, nice. Nice, you know. And he wasnt even handling money. Like, I dont even know what this is about. And then he would lie about things that were sort of insignificant. Hed be like, yeah, my uncles Tony Robbins, motivational speaker. Yeah, nice, you know. And… We found out that that wasnt even true. But even if that were true, that wouldnt be impressive to a bunch of high school students. But I think thats the jedi level of lying, is you lie about little stuff, and no one notices when youre lying about big stuff. Its like banking. The final red flag with Amanda was that she told me not to tell anyone that she was my girlfriend. I know. Im in the future also. I think we can all see now cause were so smart, and Mikes so dumb, and, uh… You know, I can also see, in retrospect, thats a much bigger red flag than I perceived it to be at the time, but I was so excited she was even with me at all. And she said she had another boyfriend at home, but they were in the process of breaking up, but it was a bad time cause his parents were sick. And so I tried to be understanding of that. You know, I went along with it for a few months until she invited me to meet her parents. And I thought, well, this is the affirmation that I need. Im gonna be crowned as the main boyfriend. And I drive my moms station wagon to Amandas parents house, and I walk in the front door, and theres Amanda, and theres her parents, and its going well. And a few hours go by, and this other guy comes over to the house, and his name is Scott. Im assuming hes, like, a family friend or a relative. And slowly Im noticing similarities between Scott and things that Amanda has said about her other boyfriend. Theyre both in their first year in college, and theyre competitive wrestlers, and… Its dawning on me that Im hanging out with my girlfriends boyfriend. And its going pretty well. I mean, he… He seemed like a nice guy. I could totally see what she saw in him. There was some consolation that when he would go in the other room to the kitchen or the bathroom, she would hold on to my hand, and she would say, I wish it were just you and me here. And I remember thinking, you could make that happen. The way she said it was as though she werent involved in the decision process, like, Id love to, but the boys in corporate… Well, the day took an even stranger turn when Scott suggested that we go hang out at his house. And I met his parents. It is indescribable meeting your girlfriends boyfriends parents for the first time. Part of you is angry for obvious reasons, but then part of you still wants to make a good impression. You know, youre like… Maybe if this goes well, shell see that Im good with adults in general! As a side note, his parents seemed in perfect health. At one point, his dad even said to me, how do you know Amanda? And I said, were just friends from school. And I was so ashamed, and I felt so dumb. And I drove home, and I remember thinking, I am never gonna let this happen to me again. So… Ten months into my relationship with Jenny, she invites me to meet her parents. And this was a tricky time. At this point, our relationship was intense, but casual, which is a dangerous relationship cocktail, and it was a hard thing to organize cause I was away probably five days out of the week. And so we found a Sunday where I was coming back from a five-day stint in Texas, which was awful cause it was… In Texas. And I… thats… Thats not to say I dislike Texas entirely. Its such a large thing to dislike. And, uh… But that week it felt like Texas just disliked me, and I just kind of disliked Texas back to the point where I developed a small drinking problem, which is… which is very popular in Texas. I was performing at a comedy club. Now, comedy… I love comedy clubs cause theyre sort of a high-low entertainment proposition. Like, in some ways, though, theyre the last bastions of free speech and the art of spoken word, and then some of them sell dildo straws, you know. Like, theres 15 bachelorette parties coming through on the weekends, and theyre handing out gummy penises or whatever. Thats… thats actually a thing. I didnt even realize that… I didnt realize that that was part of the female fantasy of the penis was… was the gummy quality of the penis. I feel like if I were in charge of the candification of the penis, it would be hard candy. And then if… And then, if you suck it down to the gummy part, then you just sort of put that off to the side. But I… but thats… thats not my job. Im… you know, I leave that to the experts, but I just… I just do the comedy part. But I was performing at this club all week, and after the late show Saturday night, I was approached by this bachelorette party that had one of these sort of novelty sexual checklist things. And… Id been drinking all week, and, uh, I always try to be a team player, you know. So I was like, whatever I can do to help. I dont see how this could end badly. And, uh… The next morning, I wake up in the my hotel room, and Im hung over, and Im groggy. And I roll out of bed, and I run to the airport to catch my flight. Im still two hours early, and… I land in New York, and I get a cab to Jennys parents house. And I walk in the front door, and theres Jenny, and theres her parents. And theres her other sort of ex-boyfriend, John. And he wasnt front and center. Like, he was just kind of around, like, he was in the pool, like, wading and doing laps, like, that kind of thing. But I pulled Jenny aside, I was like, well, whats John doing here? And she says, well, he and I arent still together, but when we were together, he became friends with my stepdad, and hes been staying here at their house the last couple weeks. And I said, you know, thats not good. I feel like that gives him the edge. Jennys staring at me. And I said, what? She says, you have a hickey on your neck. And I said, I dont think thats true. And then I glance at the mirror next to me and realize that, in fact, I do have a hickey on my neck. And I say, Im really sorry. And she says, where is that from? And I said, there was this bachelorette party, and I was drunk. That sentence never comes out right. I mean, theres no way to deliver that line in a way that makes you seem even okay, and… We start arguing, and the argument follows us all the way back to the street in front of my apartment. I didnt have a leg to stand on. I was like, well, what about John? What was he doing there? She said, you have a hickey on your neck. I said, yeah, but at least I told you the truth. And she said, eventually. And I said, eventually is better than never! And then she kneed me in the balls. I dont know if youve ever experienced this before. Im sure half of you have not. Uh… Its like being electrocuted, except you dont get to die. Its like you want to die, but you cant. And theres a person in your face saying, you deserve this, which they wouldnt even do in electrocutions. I think they would deem that as inhumane.  Even in Texas. Jenny says, I think that we should just break up. You know, its not just this. I mean, youre away a lot of the time. And even when youre here, you work at night, and I work in the day. I just dont think its gonna work out. And I said, okay.  And we were apart for about six months, and I missed her so much, but I kept resisting calling her cause I wanted to give her space. And every once in a while Id get a glimmer of hope in the form of a text message from Jen, Irish pub, nice. And it would just say, hi. And Id write back, hi. It was the smallest form of communication two people could have with one another, but I think, in some ways, kept us together. And finally, on new years, I caved in, and I called her, I said, hey, I really miss you, and I want to see you. And we got together for coffee. And we hit it off just like we used to, and we decided we would get back together. We had a great period there, you know. I took her to get a license and a passport. First, we went for her social security card, and then we took that to the D.M.V. And then we mailed all of that to the government for a passport. It was like the triple crown of identifications. Jenny was wildly identifiable. One night, she was heading back from my apartment to hers, and she stops. And I said, what? And she says, I think that we should live together. And I said, no, I really dont think thats a good idea. You know, Ive just decided, you know, as a principle, Im not gonna get married or live with someone. Its not personal. And she said, well, unless we live together, I just dont think its gonna work out cause we just dont see each other enough, and I dont think that we stand a chance. Thats how I feel. So we moved in together. And one day, Jenny gets an invitation to the wedding of one of her friends, and she invites me to come along. And I said, oh, no, thanks. That doesnt go over so well. She says, why? And I said, well, as you know, I dont believe in marriage, and so I dont buy into the flamboyant pageantry that goes into celebrating it. She said, well, what do you believe in? And I said, I dont know. She said, well, if you dont believe in anything, how can you not believe in marriage? And I said, well, first of all, you know, it just doesnt seem necessary. I mean, is it… you know, marriage is an archaic institution invented in the middle ages based on exchanging property. I dont want to be a part of that. Second of all, I dont even think we have a common cultural understanding of what marriage even is. I mean, one of me and Andys friends was about to get engaged, and we were skeptical, and we said, are you sure this is the person you want to be with for the rest of your life? and he goes, yeah, I think so. and we said, well, what if she gets in a car accident, and shes disfigured? Would you stay with her then? and he said, maybe! That is not an acceptable answer! Third of all, if Im so in love, why does it need to be written into a government contract? And Im not one of these like, I dont want government up in my business kind of people! I think the government does a nice job delivering the mail and suggesting I dont eat poison, but I just dont understand why they need to be involved in my personal relationships. Then finally, if marriage is religious, shouldnt I believe in the religion? Ive been to more weddings of my friends where the people on the altar dont believe in the religion of the church theyve invited us to! Some of them even go to classes with the priest in advance, to more elaborately lie about believing in a religion they dont believe in just to have a wedding in a fancy building! That is insane! Thats how I feel! So I explain this to Jenny. And Jenny says, well, if you ever did want to get married, I would marry you. And I said, why? Arent you listening to any of this? And Jenny says, thats how I feel. At this point, it was 5:00 in the morning, wed been arguing all night, and we hadnt slept. I had to catch a flight at 6:20 A.M. Out of Newark airport to Los Angeles for a show I was doing that night. At this point, Im overtired, and Im angry, and Im late. Im stuffing my things in my roller suitcase. And I walk out of our apartment. Its 5:00 A.M., that part of the morning before the earth even exists, before they program The Matrix or whatever. You walk out of your apartment, part of the road isnt even there. Theres a guy with a laptop going, we need a road, stat! Whats the code for building, tank? You know, and I get to the airport. The news hasnt even started yet. Its just an anchor looking around like, what are you up to? And I get to the kiosk, and I print up my ticket, and I bring it to the security lady, and she looks at me, and she goes, well, that aint your gate. Like, I guess they changed the gate, but the way she said it was as though I had participated in the decision of changing it. I was like, I was not involved in this process. I wasnt even C.C.d. Like, as though I had gone to the kiosk and been like, B22. Like hell Im flying out of B22. And then I photoshopped my own ticket, printed it out, and been like, this is where Im going. You know, Im not that aggressive as a traveler, so I was like, well, where is this gate? She goes, its in another terminal. You got to take a tram. She points to the tram, and I start walking my roller suitcase, and I hear her say, and you better run. Like, I guess I was late at that point. So I started running. And the roller suitcase does not enjoy running. The roller suitcase was like, I dont want to run. I have wheels. And I was like, I dont want to run either, but this is what we have to do. I tell you what, when we get to the hotel, Ill walk you in circles for a few hours. Then I… I get to the tram, and it has that feature where it says how many minutes before the next tram arrives. And it says zero minutes. I was like, perfect. Thats exactly how long I want to wait. But the trams riding away. I was like, thats -1 minute! Then it says ten minutes, and Im experiencing that psychological downward spiral like, oh, great, Im gonna miss my flight, and then Im gonna miss every flight from now on, and Im gonna miss my family reunion. And then Im not gonna have a family, and then Im gonna be a crack whore. And its like, all of a sudden, Im a crack whore just because I miss this one flight. I can feel the cancer forming in my body in real time and… I get on the next tram ten minutes later, and I run to the gate, and Im sweaty, and Im out of breath, but Im on time. And Im so relieved that I sit down in a chair at the gate, and I fall asleep. And I wake up to the sound of the door shutting. I jump up, and the door is closed, and I am on the sad side of the door. The happy side has an airplane and a pilot. The sad side is me and the Cinnabon lady. Normally, Id be very excited if it were just me and the Cinnabon lady. Im a big fan of pastries the size of a baby that have enough calories for a year. I think thats an effective use of time. But in this instance, I needed someone who could communicate with the people on the plane. And the Cinnabon lady is not very well connected in the airline community. I was like, do you know these people? She was like, all I know is the white stuff goes on the cinnamon bun. I ran up to the giant glass window. I started pounding on the window like in a romantic comedy. I was like, Drew Barrymores character, come back! She didnt come back, and I missed my flight. I got on the next one they could get me on. There was a stopover in Texas. You know how I feel about Texas. And, uh, I get to Los Angeles late that night, and Id missed my show. Id never missed one of my shows before, and Im so angry. And Jennys calling me, but Im not picking up the phone cause Im blaming this entire day on her. I get back to my friend Andys house, and I said, Andy, this relationship is messing up my entire life! And Andy goes, youre right. I go, I know! Im right! He goes, yeah, youre right. I go, I know, Im right! I got to tell her about this in the morning! I drive out of Andys small road, and Im t-boned. Thats the culinary way of describing it. In 1 1/2 seconds, Im spun around, and I think Im dead. No, wait, Im paralyzed. And then I hear nothing. Then I hear the other car skid out and drive away. 20 minutes later Im sitting on a curb. At this point, the police have arri… have arrived, as well as my friend, Andy, and thats when I start crying. You know how when you drop a baby on the ground, it doesnt… Doesnt start crying right away because it doesnt understand the concept of dropping a baby on the ground until it sees your face? And then its like, oh, I guess I should be doing something that matches that. Waah! Im crying because Im looking at my totaled car in front of me and realizing that, in that moment, I might have ceased to exist. Like I said earlier, I dont really believe in anything, so in my mind, that would have been the end of all things Id experienced in my life. Every kiss or failed kiss or scrambler ride would come to a conclusion, and… The officer comes over, and he says, what happened? And I said, I got hit by this car, and then I heard nothing, and then I heard the other car skid out and drive away. The officer points over to the light. The other car has made a right turn at the light and veered into this very skinny tree. I cant help but think, thats karma. Thats a hit and run and hit. And then the officer puts this form in my face, and he goes, sign this. And I said, well, what does it mean? And he goes, it means youre okay and that we can leave. I was really shaken up. I was like, I dont know if Im okay. And he goes, just sign it, which is a very unattractive quality. When someone just repeats a command that youve just said no to, and its unattractive, but very effective, you know. I signed it. Andy takes me to the hospital just as a precaution, but we have to wait two hours cause the other driver had beat us there, and… Eventually, were with the doctor, and Andy says to him, he goes, well, was the other guy drunk? And the doctor says, well, I cant answer that. And Andy says, was he? He uses the technique we had learned earlier, and it works, you know. The doctor says, well, hes heading to jail now. And Andy and I flash each other a look like the hardy boys, like, case closed. A few hours later, were back at Andys house, its probably around 3:30 in the morning, and I have one of these epiphanies people sometimes have when they have near-death experiences. I say, I need to call Jenny and tell her that we need to get married. And Andy says, Mike… Sleep on it. And I said, no, no, no, this makes perfect sense. And I pick up my phone, and I dial her number. And he puts his hand over the phone, and he says, Mike… Sleep on it. He saves me. The next morning, I fly back to New York, and a few weeks later, I get a call from my rental car agency explaining that the accident report had come back on the accident that I just described. And it had found me at fault and that I owed… And Im not making this up… $12,000 for the repairs on the other drivers Mercedes S.U.V. And I was like, well, this cant be happening. I explained to the woman, I think its a misunderstanding. The other guy was clearly drunk. It was definitely not my fault. And she said, Im really sorry, but unless they change the accident report, you owe this money. So I requested the accident report, and Im gonna show you the actual accident report tonight. I dont know if youve ever seen one of these things before… But its a little bit like homework for cops. And officer timson not so good with the homework. He consistently mixes up passenger one and passenger two, vehicle one and vehicle two. At one point, so badly that he says P-1… thats me… started to go, but all of a sudden V-1… Thats me also… Came at a high rate of speed, crashing into him. Now, Im pretty self-destructive as a person, but I would never crash into my own car with my own car, nor would I understand how you could do that. This part is even crazier. The other drivers statement at the scene of the accident was, I was on Venice going… uh, Im not too sure. I was going away from the beach. I was driving. I dont know what happened. Did I hurt anyone? I dont know where I was going, but I came from home. I had a sip of beer. Which is really everyones favorite quantity of beer. Just the one sip, right? Thats what they serve these days at the home/beach/pub. So all of its mine. The officer makes one key mistake. He checks the box that finds me at fault. So Im like, I need to get officer Timson on the phone, so we can clear up this misunderstanding. The problem is he keeps ducking my calls, and I know cause Im calling two or three times a day, leaving messages, calling departments next to his department, so he knows Im trying to reach him. And finally, after a month of this, I get him on the phone, and Im so relieved. And I explain this misunderstanding. And he listens to me, and he says, do the right thing, and pay for the guys car. I know, and, I mean, thats what I said. I go, arent you listening to any of this? I go, and this guy was clearly drunk. I mean, he nearly killed me. Inches from where he hit, and I would be dead right now. And he wants me to pay for his car? Dont you see how crazy that is, just as one human being to another? And he says, do the right thing, and pay for the guys car. And he hangs up the phone. And at this point, this stops being about money, and its just about stopping a man who has no regard for people or the law. This is Chinatown! So I started printing up Google maps of the scene of the accident and California state driving law. Im on the phone with lawyers and private investigators. Theres only one lawyer who would consider the case. And he was an accident lawyer, and he said, did you have any loss of income from the accident? And I said, no, and he says, did you have any loss of income from the accident? And I said, no. This isnt about money. And he doesnt take the case, and this is when I start going completely mad. Im up to about 4:00 or 5:00 A.M. every night just surfing the web. I get a subscription to a site called netdetective.com, which is a great site for vigilantes who have $29.95. So now I know this guys name, I know where he lives, I know what he does for a living. And in my mind, it becomes like a trailer for a revenge thriller. Like, Jim Bosworth thought he was gonna get away with this, but Jim Bosworth had another thing coming: Mike Birbiglia. I was like, Im gonna track down Jim Bosworth. Im gonna sue Jim Bosworth, and Im gonna sue the entire Los Angeles police department! At this point, people stopped talking to me entirely. My friends would call me like, hey, whats going on? Id be like, Ill tell you whats going on! Id tell them this whole story. And theyd be like, you should get a lawyer. Id be like, this is way past lawyers! A lawyer wouldnt even touch this! Cause he wouldnt. The only person who would talk to me at this point was Jenny. One night, we were out to dinner at a restaurant, and shes talking to me, but Im not listening cause Im writing down ideas I have for the case on my napkin. Ive drawn out a diagram of the intersection, and the angles the cars are coming from and going to and the lanes that we were in, the laws the other driver broke, and the phone numbers Im gonna call that week. And Im so angry, Im writing over my own handwriting to the point where Im ripping through the napkin. And Jenny looks at me, and she says, what are you doing? And I said, well, this is my case. And she says, well, why dont you work on that in the morning? And I said, well, which part of this napkin dont you understand? Jenny says, Mike… Youre right, but its only hurting you, and Im just so glad that youre alive, and I think that we should focus on that. She only has to say it once, and I give up the case, and I pay for this guys car. July 7, 2007, Jenny and I went to city hall and got married. I still didnt believe in the idea of marriage, and I still dont. But I believe in her, and Ive given up on the idea of being right. Thank you guys very much. Thank you. Thank you guys so much! Thanks for coming here tonight and joining me.

JIMMY CARR@LAUGHING AND JOKING@2013@ (CHEERING AND APPLAUSE) ANNOUNCER: Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Jimmy Carr! (CHEERING AND APPLAUSE) Thanks very much. Good. Good. (CHEERING AND APPLAUSE continues) Thats… …far too kind. Well, lets crack on, shall we? Good evening. Are you well? – AUDIENCE: Yes! – Fantastic. Ive been described as the hardest-working man in comedy. Not that impressive, is it? The hardest-working man in comedy. Thats like being the best-looking guy in the burns unit. (LAUGHTER) No offence to any burns victims weve got in. Are there any in? If theres one, therell be fucking loads. They tend to stick together. (LAUGHTER) And were off! (LAUGHTER) Someone came up to me outside and went, I thought youd be younger. I said, I was. (LAUGHTER) Im 40 years of age, but girls still check me out. I wouldnt mind but theyre so bloody obvious about it, pointing and whispering. (WHISPERS) Stranger danger. (LAUGHTER) Every night after the show, I have attractive women banging on my dressing room door. And, sometimes, I let em out. (LAUGHTER) Are there any comedy groupies in here this evening? Any gag hags? Any chuckle fuckers? The only reason I ask is if any girls come up to me after the show, looking for sex, Im going to have to disappoint you. I mean, we can have sex… (LAUGHTER) …just it will be quite disappointing. I wouldnt lie to you, it would be like throwing a sausage up an alleyway. (LAUGHTER) More information than some of you wanted. OK. Im a stand-up comedian, a TV host, an actor and a writer. People ask me, Whats your secret? Im the M4 rapist. Ssh! Its a joke! I have never been wrongly accused of rape. (LAUGHTER) We all like a laugh, yes? – AUDIENCE: Yes! – Thats the one thing weve all got in common in this room – we all like a laugh. Its a very British thing, I think, to come out, of an evening, with the express intention of just having a laugh. Heres a great fact about this country – the average person in Great Britain laughs out loud ten times a day. Not everyone, obviously. If you work in a hospice or with learning-disabled adults, it could be ten times that. (LAUGHTER) The skys the limit! (LAUGHS) (LAUGHTER) Yeah, thats my laugh, which is… Someone said my laugh was weird. My laugh isnt weird, its wrong. Cos youre meant to laugh on an out breath, arent you? Youre meant to laugh on a Ha-ha! Ha-ha-ha-ha! I laugh on an in breath, so its, Ah-ah! Ah-ah! (LAUGHTER) Sounds like a goose being interfered with! (LAUGHTER) Someone asked me the other day, Is it fake? Why would you fake that?! (LAUGHTER) Ah-ah! Ah-ah! They say that laughter is the best medicine, so maybe, just maybe, if we all keep laughing at people in wheelchairs… (LAUGHTER) Im a dreamer, what can I tell you? I was at a show recently… I dont know if anyones had this experience. I was at a show, watching a band, and… Standing just under the fire escape, watching a band play, pint on with a mate, relaxing, and a lady from the venue came up to us – in the little waistcoat and the little name badge – came up and went, Excuse me, youre going to have to move. Because, if theres a fire, youre blocking the exit. I said, I tell you what, love. If theres a fire, Ill move. (LAUGHTER) King retard. (LAUGHTER) What did she think I was going to do in the event of a fire? Just stand there, going, Nobody move! Why has everything gone orangey and hot? I dont like it! Oh, mobile phones off. I should have said that at the top of the show. Mobile phones off as a courtesy to the other patrons in the auditorium. I say mobile phones – what I mean there is phones. No-ones brought a landline, have they? And lets face facts, the landline is dead. When the landline goes in our house, theres panic! Shit the bed, who the fuck is that? Were both here. (LAUGHTER) A lot of people text whilst driving. Im not excusing it, but weve all done things we regret when were drunk. (LAUGHTER) I saw a thing on the news that said that bad drivers are going to get on-the-spot £100 fines. I thought, Thats a bit sexist. (LAUGHTER) Did you understand that? (LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE) (BABY VOICE) Yes, you did! (LAUGHTER) (BABY VOICE) Yes, you did! Im not being sexist. How could I be? Some of my best friends are slags. (LAUGHTER) (LAUGHS) Now, is this sexist? You can be the judge on this. Sorry for being rude. But do you think chat-up lines are sexist? No, theyre not. They are fun, right? I mean, theyre cheesy, but theyre meant to be cheesy, that is their charm. Whats that one? I like that one, Get your coat, its cold in the boot of my car. (LAUGHTER) I dont know if this has happened to you. I was checking into a hotel recently. Its about one oclock in the morning, after a gig up in Manchester. Walked into the reception area and the guy recognised me and went, Oh, Mr Carr, weve put you in a disabled room. (LAUGHTER) I said, Right, whats the difference between a normal room and a disabled room? And he said The disabled rooms got a walk-in shower. (LAUGHTER) Thats taking the fucking piss, isnt it?! (LAUGHTER) Ive got a question for you, ladies and gentlemen. Does anyone in this room believe in the supernatural? Ghosts and spirits and the like? AUDIENCE: Yes! Quite a lot of you. Its actually easy to tell if your house is haunted. It isnt. (LAUGHTER) Grow up. (LAUGHTER) Thats me being cynical, but thats this job. Being a stand-up comedian, I think, makes you a bit of a cynic. Has anyone in here actually seen a ghost? – (WOMAN WHOOPS) – Well, go on, what did you see, Madam? Tell us the story. (LAUGHTER) And there was no-one there! (LAUGHTER) Go on, what did you see? WOMAN: Im not telling you now, youve made me nervous. Im… Im not… I make you nervous? Youve seen the undead… (LAUGHTER) …and I make you nervous? (APPLAUSE) Doesnt really show me in a good light, does it? Go on, where were you when you saw the apparition? I was in, um, a friends house. You were in a friends house? – Yeah. – Right. And her stepfather was… Her stepfather was what, sorry? (LAUGHTER) I think I may have cracked this case already. (LAUGHTER) Theres a stepfather involved. (LAUGHTER) Was there ectoplasm? (LAUGHTER) Go on, what happened? Were you upstairs? – Were you…? – I was in his sons bedroom. You were in his sons bedroom. (LAUGHTER) Course you were, love. Go on. He wasnt there but, um, he died at the same time as I started seeing this weird shit and I woke her up, basically. He had died? You should have mentioned that sooner. (LAUGHTER) And then you started seeing weird shit? – (LAUGHTER) – Im loving this. Theres a special name for people that have seen ghosts. – Schizophrenic. – (LAUGHTER) All the best with your future. (LAUGHS) Quite an in-depth story. Ill leave it at that – stepfather did something terrible… and youve recoded that memory. Of course, not all fat people are jolly. Some of them are women. (LAUGHTER) You shouldnt be mean. Fat girls have got feelings. Mainly, theyre hungry! (LAUGHTER) Its only a joke, isnt it? Its only a bit of fun! I told it the other night and a girl got up and walked out. Well, waddled out. (LAUGHTER) I presume offended, possibly just peckish. (LAUGHTER) Whenever Im in the changing rooms at the gym, Im always embarrassed by the fact my penis is so much bigger than everyone elses. But then, in fairness, it is erect. (LAUGHTER) Islamic fundamentalist sex dolls – do they blow themselves up? (LAUGHTER) In Palestinian passports, under Occupation, do they just put, Israel? (LAUGHTER AND GROANS) That joke is only there to test where the Guardian readers are sitting. (LAUGHTER) No further questions, back to the knob gags. I do talk about sex a lot in my show. I talk about sex all the time on stage and a friend called me on it recently. He came to see the gig and he went, You talk about sex all the time. Are you obsessed? I said, Well, Im not obsessed. But sex is the great universal topic for comedy. Its still quite taboo to talk about it openly in public. Everyones interested, everyone cranes forward and theres a lot of tension around sex, and where you find that kind of tension, thats also a great place to find laughter, so sex is a great topic for comedy. But its difficult to stand in front of you good people and talk about sex without sounding crude. So, to try and mitigate that, to try and alleviate that, this evening, if I refer to a vagina at any point, Ill be calling it a twinkle cave. (LAUGHTER) As in, So there I was, licking out her twinkle cave… (LAUGHTER) …while she deep-throated my tummy banana. (LAUGHTER) Its nice to be nice, isnt it? I saw a woman wearing a top, it said Superdry on the front… (LAUGHTER) I said, Have you thought about lubricants or HRT? (LAUGHTER) Maybe a little bit of Aussie charm? Are you familiar with the term Aussie charm? It just means… (SPITS) …one of those. (LAUGHTER) Australian charm – youre welcome. A very pleasing look from the ladies of London, as if to say, Well, I didnt know that had a name but, yes, that does happen. (LAUGHTER) (LAUGHS) My girlfriend bought a T-shirt for £80. Thats a ridiculous amount to spend on a T-shirt, am I right? It said D&G on the front. I suppose, fair enough, one of her tits is bigger than the other. (LAUGHTER) (HIGH-PITCHED HONK) (LOW-PITCHED HONK) (LAUGHTER) I thought my girlfriend was a slag when she told me I was her thirty-second lover. And then I realised she was talking about time. (LAUGHTER) There is a minimum comprehension level – you may be asked to leave. Im sorry. (LAUGHTER) My ideal woman would be a single mum… once Id finished with her. (LAUGHTER AND GROANS) Its a joke! Id pay for the abortion! (LAUGHTER) Ah, got you again! I fucking wouldnt. (LAUGHTER) Lets talk about something a little bit more serious. It cant all be slapstick abortion stuff. Um… (LAUGHTER) My first wife was from Thailand. (MAN CHEERS) Well, dont, cos youll feel bad. Its actually quite a sad story. My first wife was from Thailand and she died… of testicular cancer. (LAUGHTER) Probably the best way I could describe it is her twinkle cave was an outie. (LAUGHTER) I saw a transvestite in a miniskirt. I thought, That shows a lot of balls. (LAUGHTER) (LAUGHS) Lets hear from all the heterosexual men in the room. Give us a shout, all the heterosexual men. (MEN CHEER AND WHISTLE) Im guessing, from that expression… (LAUGHTER) I cant remember which one heterosexual is. (LAUGHTER) Im not taking a chance, maybe this is how they recruit them! (LAUGHTER) The most annoying thing my sister does is that show, Chatty Man. (LAUGHTER) Thats the most annoying heckle that I get at gigs. I like it when people join in, I like a bit of a heckle and a bit of fun. But the most annoying one I get is when Ive set up a joke, just about to do the punch line and then someone goes – invariably, its the same thing, its always, Wheres Alan? Wheres Alan? It is not my, like, bête noire, its just a bit annoying. Wheres Alan? MAN: Wheres Alan? – (LAUGHTER) – Hes at your house, fucking your dad. (LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE) I think we all knew… Including him, I think we all knew that was a trap. (LAUGHTER) I could feel you, as one, going, Hold, hold, hold! And then one brave soul over there said, No. Im taking one for the team. Or rather your dad is! (LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE) Of course, not all gay people are happy, camp and fun. Some of them are lesbians. (LAUGHTER) If youre a lesbian and you didnt find that funny, youre surprising no-one. (LAUGHTER) Are there any lesbians in? No, my gaydar is pretty much honed in on this… this pair down here. Hello, how are you two? – You all right? – Yeah. I presume youre a couple. – Married, yes. – Youre married? Oh, congratulations. Fabulous. How long you been married? Since October. Since October? My God, its new and fresh. Have you even finished consummating the relationship? No. You dont know when youre finished, do you? Thats one of the problems… (LAUGHTER) …with your lifestyle choice. Well just put that on hold, well be back in a minute. (LAUGHTER) So youre married, youre committed to each other. Well, its maybe a crazy question to ask you because youre in this long-term relationship and you love each other, but what would it take to get you back on solids? (LAUGHTER) Quite a lot. (LAUGHS) (LAUGHTER) Shes a definite no and youre a maybe. OK, good. (LAUGHTER) (LAUGHS) I love my job. I tell you what, Im going to do a test and see whether weve got any other sisters in the room, see if theres any other lesbians. Sisters. Like Im a lesbian – Ive got the haircut, come on! (LAUGHTER) I look a bit like K.D. Lang, I could get away with it. (LAUGHTER) Ill test the heterosexuality of the other ladies in the room, just a simple question to test this. Ladies, have you read Fifty Shades Of Grey? – WOMEN: Yes! – Youve all read that book? You love that book! I would describe Fifty Shades Of Grey as the ultimate flick book. (LAUGHTER) It was the bestselling book last year. Whats the world coming to? (LAUGHTER) It was the bestselling book last year. I can prove it – last year, wettest on record. (LAUGHTER) I think its a very interesting book because, although its not a great piece of literature, its more gusset typing… (LAUGHTER) …its interesting because its pornography for ladies. Thats what it is, right? And, men, that book is in our houses, isnt it? Fifty Shades Of Grey is in our house and weve not even picked it up. Were not looking at your pornography, ladies. Were not interested in your kind of pornography. Were very happy with the service broadband is providing. (LAUGHTER) Ladies consume pornography in a very different way to men. The genders are very different in our consumption of pornography. Heres a fact, gentlemen, that will blow your minds about womens consumption of pornography. Women watch porn films… to the end. (LAUGHTER) You know why? To see if they get married. (LAUGHTER) Well, its probably as good a time as any to talk about how political correctness works in stand-up comedy. Because some people think its a free-for-all – you can say whatever you want because of freedom of speech. That is not the case. There are rules and regulations that govern what I do. Basically, how political correctness works in stand-up comedy is, if you are directly affected by something or involved in something, you get a free pass – youre allowed to joke about that thing. So, for example, homosexual people can joke about being gay. Disabled people can joke about disability. Black or Asian people can joke about race. Those are the rules. So, these two paedophiles walk into a park… (LAUGHTER) Child abuse – theres a touchy subject! (LAUGHTER) I saw a headline in the paper, it said, Police smash paedophile ring. (LAUGHTER) I thought, Good, lets see how they fucking like it. (LAUGHTER) Have we got any teachers in this evening? Give us a shout, any teachers. – (CHEERING) – Oh, loads of teachers in. You work bloody hard, dont you, teachers? Half the year, five hours a day. Whew! (LAUGHTER) Im not knocking it, I could never do what you people do for a living. Not because its difficult – I wouldnt pass a CRB check. (LAUGHTER) Ive actually got a bit of a soft spot for teachers. I used to go out with a teacher and she was lovely. But if ever I wanted sex, she always insisted I put my hand up first. (LAUGHTER) – That is ruder than it first appears. – (LAUGHTER) Youre welcome. (LAUGHTER) Have we got any special needs teachers in? – (SCATTERED WHOOPING) – Oh, there was a whoo over there. – Whats your name, madam? – Danielle. Very nice to have you in. All I was going to say about special needs teachers is you are the best and the brightest, in my humble opinion. The best and the brightest teachers. Because… I can prove it. We all know teachers socially, yes? – AUDIENCE: Yes. – Everyone knows teachers. Teachers are always moaning on about, Oh, Ive got homework to mark this evening. Not you, eh, Danielle? (LAUGHTER) Youre not grading potato paintings, are you? Fuck it! (LAUGHTER) Your evenings are your own – fair play. (LAUGHTER) Was that a little Yay? – (LAUGHTER) – I can see the other teachers looking. Im fucking annoyed, I didnt think of that! (LAUGHTER) What, sorry? – WOMAN: I used to teach at your school. – You used to teach at my school? – At Burnham. – At Burnham Grammar? Did you…? Not when I was there, surely? – Obviously not. – No. Unless you moisturise a lot. Where are you from? (LAUGHTER) Im from Belfast, but… Youre from… Youre from Belfast? Right. BELFAST ACCENT: Ginger and community! (LAUGHTER) Fa-fan-fa-far-far? (LAUGHTER) Fa-fan-fa-far-far? Aouf-ao-ao? I was just saying what you said to me back. I dont… (LAUGHTER) Well, how come youre teaching over here, then? Are you in the witness relocation scheme? What the fuck happened? (LAUGHTER) Fucking grass! (LAUGHTER) (LAUGHS) What do you teach? What subject? – What? Sorry? – English. English? You can barely fucking pronounce. (LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE) I did Countdown recently – the TV show, not Draculas special-needs brother. One for the staff room. And I got asked when I did Countdown, when I did Countdown I got asked by every man that I know, everyone asked me, How fit is that Rachel Riley off of Countdown? How attractive is she, when you meet her? And it wasnt like a rhetorical question, they wanted me to answer. And I thought, Well, I should be able to say how attractive a work colleague and a friend is without sounding misogynistic, without being sexist, shouldnt I? Let me… You be the judge. Rachel Riley, let me put it this way, I would crawl over broken glass to suck the cock of the last man that fucked her. I dont think thats overstating it. Ha ha-ha! Id like to fuck her brains out – itd take ages. Ha-ha. Now, I should warn you there will be some audience participation this evening. Apologies. And the only reason I mention it explicitly is because sometimes, when I ask someone a direct question, they get a bit flustered. I think its because theyre used to seeing me on TV, so then, when I ask them a direct question, they get a bit, What the fuck is going on? I didnt press the red button. Its gone all fucking interactive. I got a guy wonderfully flustered the other day. Front and centre, where youre sitting. I went, Are you married or single? He went, Single. And the girl next to him went, He isnt. How could you fuck that up?! There was a lovely little pause and he went, I think I might be single now. Whos seen me live before? Give us a shout. AUDIENCE: Yeah. Well, youll know that every year my friend Chris does illustrations for me, for jokes that I write that I think are a bit esoteric, that require a visual element to be fully enjoyed. Would you like to see them? AUDIENCE: Yes. Well, good, otherwise hed be fucking gutted and wed be having some quiet time. Which would be shit. Ill show you some. Obviously well kick off with some thoughts and ideas that Ive had recently. Right, so, if you like looking at flowers but you cant be arsed with gardening, simply run down a kid outside your house. (GROANING) I cant believe you didnt think of it. On Bonfire Night, I hope our neighbours keep their pets locked up, because theres something about fireworks that makes me really horny. You dont get many homeless gay men, which is a shame because theyd be fucking bums. I was outside a nightclub recently and I discovered that women can be bouncers if youre travelling fast enough when you mount the pavement. The thing I worry about when I hear kids in the Third World are working 18 hours a day to make my trainers is when are they going to get a chance to finish my fucking laptop? I was in a hotel having breakfast and the waiter said to me, Do you want white or brown toast? I said, All toast is brown. Youre thinking of bread. At any one time, a bowl of nuts on a bar will have 17 different types of urine on them. – (GROANING) – And thats why theyre called peanuts. (LAUGHTER) Wayne Rooney wears the number 10 shirt. Or as he calls it, The stick and the circle. (LAUGHTER) All the celebrities get plastic surgery these days. Coleen Rooneys just had some work done on her arsehole. Hes had a hair transplant. My friend reckons football violence and regressive behaviour are triggered by primitive tribal rivalries which are projected onto opposing teams and then expressed through exaggerated displays of loyalty. But hes a lying Gooner twat, so he can suck my fucking cock. All that groaning and grunting in womens tennis – it reminds me of sex. In that Im watching it happen on screen whilst masturbating. To explain spot fixing in cricket, its what happens when something I dont understand is done by someone Ive never heard of in the middle of something I couldnt give a fuck about. Spiders used to give me nightmares. Anyone else? AUDIENCE: Yeah. So Ive stopped eating them just before bedtime. Of course the worst thing about being bitten by a poisonous spider is that youre probably Australian. Are there any Australians in? – Yay! – Welcome back. I dont like zoos. I prefer to see lions, tigers, elephants and bears in their natural environment. The circus! Is anyone here afraid of clowns? – Yes. – Are you afraid of clowns, sir? Theres actually a special name for people that are afraid of clowns. Mummys little benders. Ha ha-ha! This may interest you, though. Clowns have to register their facial design to make sure that other sex offenders dont use it. Dwarves… …often get overlooked. (LAUGHTER) I can say that – they look up to me. Can we treat ourselves to another dwarf joke? I tell you what I know about dwarves – very little. Come on(!) Heres a random fact. Its random, but its true. One in ten British kids is now conceived in an IKEA bed. True. How it works is their parents insert flap A into slot B and then screw until the nuts tighten. Ha-ha ha-ha. In 2009, Nadya Suleman of California gave birth to octuplets, two daughters and six sons, earning her the nickname Octomum. Although shes also known as Gigantosnatch. Those babies were walking before she was. (GROANING) (APPLAUSE) Ha-ha! I think the men in the room will be able to relate to this. My girlfriend always wants to stay in and watch Downton Abbey. But I want to go out and get a new girlfriend! I thought itd be OK for me to have sex with other women because my girlfriend and I were on a break. But, apparently, I ruined that weekend at Center Parcs. I was going to tell you a story about the poshest place I have ever been. I got invited last year to Clarence House, where Charles and Camilla live in central London. I got invited. Im involved in this hospice charity cos Im such a fucking terrific guy. Not because I was press-ganged into it. No, no, no! Maybe a little. Anyway, Im involved in this thing. So Camilla is the patron of this great charity. So she organised, like, drinks and a concert and dinner in her home to, you know, thank the corporate sponsors and to get more people to donate money, raise a bit of money, raise awareness, that sort of thing. In her home, though, she put on this event. So were all in her front room. Literally Charles and Camillas front room. Its the most ornate… Like, high, beautiful ceilings and theyve got a telly and a couch in the corner like normal people might have, but every square inch of mantelpiece and shelf and sideboard has got a beautiful object on it that theyve been given by visiting dignitaries, or theyve picked up on their expensive travels of the world. Its a very intimidating space to be in. So were all standing there having a drink and shes coming round saying hello to everyone. And she gets to me. And because Im a dick, as I feel weve established… …she gets to me and goes, Oh, how are you involved? And I went, Never mind about that. Have you seen Cash In The Attic? Cos were sitting on a gold mine here. And to her credit, its absolutely true, she went, Yes, winked and fucked off. Brilliant. I did another weird Royal thing last year. I did the Jubilee. Did anyone see the Jubilee? – Yeah. – I did a little thing where I had to introduce Grace Jones in a Hula Hoop. Nice work if you can get it. In order to do that, I had to get past security at Buckingham Palace. Heres what it consisted of. So I met an armed police officer. His only job is to guard our Queen, to make sure that no-one steals our Queen and uses her head to photocopy it and make their own money and stamps. I dont know. So I walked up to this armed police officer outside Buckingham Place. I said, Security? He went, Yeah. Heres his question. He said, Are you an al-Qaeda? I went, No. As you were. I thought, This guy seems fun. So I asked him. I said, Does anything funny ever happen when youre rolling with the Queen? He said, Yeah. Ill tell you this story. Has to be in confidence though. I said, You can trust me. (LAUGHTER) Ha-ha ha-ha! He is not a good judge of character. Im also in al-Qaeda. No, Im not. Or am I? No. (CHUCKLES) But… So… So he told me this story. He said the Queen… her whole entourage, she travels with about 15 people, they went up to Glasgow last year. She was opening a drop-in centre for homeless alcoholics – of course in Glasgow, where else would you fucking put it?! Its very much ground zero for homeless alcoholics. Its their biggest export. So the Queens there and shes cutting through the ribbon like a fucking ninja and all the usual suspects are there. Theres the mayor, theres the local dignitaries, theres the chairman of the charity, the people that work in the local office. And theyve got a couple of the homeless guys, the alcoholic homeless guys from Glasgow, that the charity has helped in other locations, suited and booted, washed and brushed, there to meet the Queen, so that she could see the people that had benefited from her kind works. Lovely. So the Queen, as we all know, has only got one bit of shtick, which is the question, what do you do? Thats her only question. She doesnt point like that – that would be mental. But… thats her only question – what do you do? Thats all she asks. She said to a Scottish, alcoholic, homeless man… …what do you do? And he came back, rather epically I feel, with, Same as you – nothing! Apparently she was fucking terrified. A friend of mine quite recently – a couple of months ago – got proper, old-school, flashed. Guy in a mac, at dusk, in a park – one of those. Sorry, Ive added that. I dont… I dont know if he did that. You would though, wouldnt you? Youd give it a bit of cock slap. Youd probably treat her to the windmill, wouldnt you? Hoo yay! Anyway, she got proper old-school flashed and she shouted, Rape! I thought, Dont give him ideas. Dont workshop it, you fucking lunatic. Has anyone in here been flashed? WOMAN: Yeah. Go on, what happened, madam? Is it a funny story, or is it distressing? I was in a club and this guy flashed me. – In a club? – Yeah. In a club and someone flashed you in the club? Yes. Are you sure you didnt get off with a man in a club? No. I was kissing him and I undid his zip and then he flashed me. Go on, what happened? Tell me the story. It was in the middle of the dance floor. Middle of the dance floor and he was throwing some shapes. And one of his was… No, my friend told him that we were lesbians – to get rid of him. – So, to get rid of the guy, – your friend told him you were lesbians? – Yes. Thats how these two started, but then… they liked it so they stuck with it. And did that work? No, she said, We dont like cock. And then he… She said, We dont like cock? So, sorry? So, someone got his cock out in the middle of the dance floor in a club and you went, Oh, no, sorry, were lesbians. You couldve just told him to fuck off. Youre incredibly polite. Ill make up an excuse so he doesnt feel bad. I… I dont want the flasher to feel rejected. How nice are you? And has anyone else been flashed? – MAN: Yeah. ANOTHER MAN: I got arrested for flashing. – You got arrested for flashing? – Yeah. Well, dont take it out on me. (LAUGHTER) What do you mean, you got arrested for flashing? Well, I was going for a piss. You were going for a piss. This sounds like bullshit to me. You were going for a piss. Where were you going for a piss? Set the scene for us. Ive never met anyone thats flashed. Go on. Going for a piss in a primary school. – It was in a car park… – (LAUGHTER) – Got in a car park, OK. – Outside. In a car park, outside, youre going for a piss. Caught short. Late at night. – Fine. OK. – Yeah. And, er, I needed a piss. So I went up against a tree. – You went up against a tree. – Yeah. Turned out it wasnt a tree, it was a fat girl? Go on. So you walked up to a tree to take a pee in a car park. This doesnt sound terrible. So far, Im on this guys side. Go on. So there was a woman in the trees. There was a woman in the trees? Sounds like youve broken dogging etiquette by pissing on someone. So you went up to take a piss on a tree and there was a woman in the tree? No, she was walking. There was a pathway. – She was walking. OK. – And it was outside a police station. And it was outside a police station. What kind of a fucking idiot are you?! You went for a piss in the police station car park? Why didnt you just turn yourself in? Thats a cry for help if ever I heard one. Lock me up before I hurt someone. And what… Did she scream? Did she…? – What happened? – No, she went into the police station and they came out and arrested me for indecent exposure. They came out and arrested you for indecent… Is it because youre a bit ginger? Do you think they would have let you off if you hadnt been quite as…? Im sorry about these lights as well. We could well be giving you skin cancer. (LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE) I dont… I think Im on your side there. If you were taking a piss, thats not indecent exposure, is it? What do we think? Are we on this guys side? ALL: Yeah. Theres one man, No. Stop pissing outside, you crazy fool. But… Cos there was a woman in the other night with a story. She said, Oh, I got flashed. And then she told me this story and I wasnt sure. She said, I got flashed. I said, Has anyone got flashed? She said, I got flashed in Disneyland. I said, Im all ears. (APPLAUSE) She said, I was in Disneyland Florida. I was walking in past the hotels in Disneyland and into the park. And I looked up at one of the hotels and the guy was opening his bedroom curtains, flashed me. I said, No, he didnt. You are a Peeping Tom. My girlfriend wants a diamond ring. And the only reason I know that is its pretty much all she fucking talks about. Lets face facts. The only way my girlfriends getting a diamond ring is if the vajazzler slips. I dont really understand the vajazzle. I mean, I know what a vajazzle is. I know what it is. They whip away all the hair from your fou fou and then they diamanté it. I say they. I imagine you can get some Pritt Stick and glitter and have a crack yourself. Have a sparkly crack yourself, youre welcome. Um… I just dont know who thats for. Ive never met a man who said to me, Oh, I love vaginas… …but I wish they were a bit more zhooshie. A bit more sparkles wouldnt go amiss. I want a glamour puss. A showbiz entrance. Has anyone had a vajazzle? – WOMEN: Yes. – She has. What… What motif did you go for, madam? I actually had a heart cos I was a little bit embarrassed to ask for one. You had a heart because you were embarrassed to ask for…? – Like, something spectacular. – You were embarrassed to ask for something spectacular?! So, you were fine with someone putting glitter on your fanny, but you went, I dont want to ask for anything embarrassing. How adorable. And was it for a special occasion, or was it just…? – No, I just thought, Why not? – You thought, Why not? Well, plenty of fucking reasons. Basic hygiene. Your boyfriend could chip a tooth. Ha-ha-ha! And it was definitely a proper vajazzle, not a Liverpool vajazzle, which is just a euphemism for herpes? (GROANS AND LAUGHTER) Ha-ha-ha! Has anyone else come across a vajazzle? – MAN: He has. He has? Not hers, I hope. – Go on, what did they have? – Um, I cant remember. I was my stag do. You cant remember, it was your stag do? (GROANING) Ooh-ooh… You cant remember anything? Sounds like a Liverpool vajazzle to me. No, love, I dont know what happened. Its just really itchy. Fucking hell! Obviously I could never get a vajazzle because I dont have a vajayjay. But I would consider glitter balls. You know, for a special occasion. Oh, speaking of special occasions, there was a couple in, a couple of weeks ago at one of my gigs, 35 years married. I got chatting cos I thought, Quite an incredible thing in this day and age. I got chatting. I said, What did you get her for the anniversary? And he said, Deep-fat fryer. I said, Well, what did she get you? And he went, Chips. And they seemed thrilled with that arrangement. It got me chatting to people about what is the worst gift youve ever got? Birthday, anniversary, Christmas, Valentines – what is the worst piece of shit you ever got? (INDISTINCT RESPONSES) Ahem, weve had a heckle. Go on, what was that, sir? A little bit louder. MAN: Tickets to this show. AUDIENCE: Ooh! No, thats fine. Whats your name? – What? Sorry? – MAN: Toby. Toby, do you mind me sharing with the group? – TOBY: Go for it. – Thank you very much indeed, Toby. That makes it much easier cos theres a heckle. It was quite a good heckle, quite a funny heckle, but we have to do a heckle put-down now. God. I would love if I could just let it go, but I cant. There are rules. But you dont mind me sharing with the group so it makes it much easier. We can go old-school. – ANOTHER MAN: Stop stalling. – What? Sorry? – Stop stalling. – Stop stalling? Dont panic, sir. Ive got this. Ill have to put you on arsehole waiting. (CHEERING AND APPLAUSE) Ha-ha-ha, ha-ha-ha. Tobys mum… …is so fat… shes a fucking disgrace, Toby. Your mum is such a chunm-monkey-wobble-slob, fatty, boom-blatty, blubbernaut, shes so fucking fat, when she fell down the stairs, I thought EastEnders had finished. Boom, boom, boom-boom, boom, ba-ba-ba-bum. (LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE) True story. Ahem… You, sir. What did you say? What was it? Stop stalling? Yeah? Whats your name? (AMERICAN ACCENT) Gary. Are you trying to say Gary? Watch me. Ga-ry. Ngyergh. Ngyergh. Ngyergh. …the fuck is that?! Well, Gary, if you want my comeback, youll have to scrape it off your mums teeth. (GASPING) Uh-huh! Ha, ha-ha! Worst gifts? Whats the worst gift? – What, sorry? – WOMAN: A breadmaker. You got a breadmaker? Ive.. Your husband bought you a breadmaker. What a fucking arsehole! No, I just hate the whole concept cos breadmakers… I bet he spent like 200 quid on a breadmaker. Thats convenient, isnt it?! Cos you dont live near shops and bread isnt fucking cheap(!) Oh, Ill just make my own. Thats fine. Cos the ingredients cost more than a loaf of bread, but dont worry about it. So, what did you get him? (SHE RESPONDS, INAUDIBLE) Instead of an engagement ring, you…? (AUDIENCE GASPS AND LAUGHS) You got a breadmaker instead of an engagement ring? (GASPS CONTINUE) You broke up with him, right? Youve just divorced him? – Yay! – (APPLAUSE) (CHEERING) Why did you go through with marrying him? I mean, that mustve been fucking awkward in the office. Oh… Look at this! Ooh, its a nice one! Sparkly! You poor thing. Any other bad gifts? – (SEVERAL PEOPLE SHOUT) – You got what, sorry? MAN: A dog pooper-scooper. A dog pooper-scooper? Do you have a dog? MAN: At the time, yes. At the time, yes? What the fuck have you done with your dog, dude? What happened to your dog? – MAN: I dont have him any more. – You dont have him any more? (GASPS) Tobys mum ate him! (APPLAUSE) The fat bitch! (LAUGHS) Sorry, dude! Um… Any other bad gifts? MAN: Nothing! What did you get? Nothing? MAN: I got nothing! Jesus, listen to the bitterness there! I think there are worse gifts than nothing. So, like this, like… Women get bought Hoovers by their other half. And its not just a shit gift, its a bit of a dig. At least something in the house has got some fucking suction! (GASPS) Well, you said you wanted a bag and a belt! Thats got both! Youre welcome! There was a girl in the other day for her 21st birthday. From her nana… Now, nanas are mental anyway, but her nana bought her, gift wrapped, beautifully gift wrapped, an Argos catalogue. With two pound coins Sellotaped to the front. – AUDIENCE: Aw! – Aw, pikeys! The worst one I think a lot have – Secret Santa. – You do Secret Santa at your work? – MANY PEOPLE: Yes. Its a nightmare, to get something good for under a fiver, a tenner. I went out and bought a Braun moustache trimmer. She was livid! No pleasing some people. Not like she didnt need it. Um… The… (LAUGHS) The best gift is obviously anal sex. Um… Not for a Secret Santa! Thats a fucking disaster! But no, it is! Its better to give than to receive and anal sex is the gift that keeps on giving, unless it stops giving, in which case, it tears. (GROANING) Ooh, too much? (LAUGHS) The worst one that I think a lot of people have bought – gift vouchers. Who heres bought gift vouchers? MANY PEOPLE: Yes. What were you thinking? You walked into a shop and went, Excuse me, could you help me? Ive got some money here, this is accepted everywhere. Could you fix it for me so it just works in this one shop… for a limited time period? I should explain, its a gift and Im fucking idiot! Its a great feeling when you get a woman youve been chasing for… miles! Ive known thousands of women in the biblical sense and, by biblical sense, I mean made-up women that dont really exist. A lot of people just drift into relationships without really thinking about it and we call those people… men. A lot of men say, when they first get together with a woman, they cant initially tell if its the real thing, but I can, cos Ive got a special little indicator that sticks up. Come on in. Sit down. Whats your name, madam? Alexa. – Alexa? – Yeah. What is it, some sort of cystitis? Whats the matter? – What do you do for a living, Alexa? – Um, lots of things. – You do lots of things? – Yeah. (CHEERING AND WOLF-WHISTLING) Yes, I think Ive seen a card advertising your services… Are you new in town? Go on… (LAUGHS) Dont let me guess! – So, Im an aspiring presenter. – Youre an aspiring presenter? – Yeah. – Ooh! Well, Ill say to you what I say to all aspiring presenters that I meet. Ill have an Americano, please. (APPLAUSE) (LAUGHS) Oh, I fucking love my job. Um… Gentlemen, do you remember what you were doing the first time you told a woman that you loved her? I do, I was lying. Dont give me that look. It worked. I fucked her. We went out for a drink the other night, me and my girlfriend, and we chatted about what people actually think about when theyre having sex. Not a conversation I would recommend. She said to me, What kind of a man fantasises about his partners friends whilst hes actually having sex with his partner? And I said… Promise you wont get mad? What do you think is the most important thing in a relationship? Give us a shout. – MAN: Sex. – Sex. How long have you been together with your woman? – MAN: Four years. – Four years? And sex is still the most important thing? Well, you, sir, are a liar. Up to two years, I would give you. Up to two years is fine. Sex is the most important thing, youre ripping each others clothes off, its fantastic. After two years, whats that coming up on the inside? Its coming up pretty fast. Sky Plus! Any other thoughts? Most important thing in a relationship? – WOMEN: Trust! – Trust. A lot of the ladies saying trust. – Any other? – (MAN SHOUTS) – Cricket? – MAN: Cooking. Cooking? Cookings the most important thing? Are you the guy from Quantum Leap and have you just got here from 1970? Cookings the most important thing in a relationship. Have you ever become engaged by awarding someone a breadmaker by any chance? (LAUGHS) Not the weirdest answer. The weirdest answer I had recently. I said, Whats the most important thing in a relationship? And a bloke went… Consent. (LAUGHTER) There was a guy up in Edinburgh and I said, Most important thing in a relationship? He went… (SCOTS ACCENT) Me! The terrified-looking woman next to him going… – Any other thoughts? – MAN: Lubricant! Lubricant? Well, if you run out… (SPITS) Any other? MAN: A puncture repair kit. – What, sorry? – MAN: A puncture repair kit. A puncture repair kit? (LAUGHTER) Thats funny, I like that. I think it deserved more. Come on. – Um, any other? – WOMAN: Love. What, sorry? – WOMAN: Love. – Love? Grow up! Who are you in a relationship with? Your My Little Pony? (LAUGHS) Any other thoughts? The most important thing? – WOMAN: Laughter! – Laughter? I dont know about that. I do think a sense of humour is what I look for in a woman, cos if a woman can see the funny side of life, shes much less likely to press charges. (LAUGHS) The most important thing, I think trust. For me, I think trust is the most important thing in a relationship, because, if youre with a woman, and you dont 100% trust her, how do you know shes not going to tell your wife? I do love it when a woman says those magic words that mean shes definitely up for sex that night. This drink tastes funny. Im joking! You cant taste it! Im not a prude. Youd agree with that, wouldnt you? – AUDIENCE: Yes. – Im not prudish. Heres the thing! I dont like swearing during sex. Who wants to hear that kind of language, especially from a child?! (SHOCKED GASPS) Ooh, the look you gave me there! You prefer a sweay kid! Fair enough! I had a thing happened to me recently. A little bit embarrassing. I got caught… I didnt think this could happen when youre a grown-up. I got caught masturbating… by my girlfriend. What do you say?! Sorry I woke you! Youve got sleep in your eye. I dont know about you, but I dont like celebrities that are only famous because of who their parents are. Like Calum Best and Peaches Geldof and Jesus! I heard a reporter on Sky News say, At least one person killed in suicide bomb attack. Yeah, obviously! That is the bare minimum you need to qualify. It was something about burning your copy of the Koran in Afghanistan and I was watching it thinking, I would never burn a copy of the Koran, because Ive got a Kindle. Just delete it. Dont fuck about. Im not worried about Islamic suicide bombers. They can only do it once. A Hindu suicide bomber, that is more of a threat. (SCATTERED APPLAUSE) Because of the reincarnation. (LAUGHS) I dont know whats going on! I was gonna talk to you about terrorist threat levels in this country, cos our government picked the weirdest words for our terrorist threat levels. You know sometimes they announce them at the end of the news? The weather, the pollen count and then the terrorist threat level, for no reason at all. And its words that I dont understand. So, at the moment, the terrorist threat level in this country is substantial. I asked a police officer, What am I meant to do with substantial? He said… Watch yourself. I said, Well, Im not involved! Do you know what the highest terrorist threat level is? Hows this for a creepy word? Imminent. What the fuck am I meant to do with imminent?! I imagine clench. I mean, Ive never been near a bomb when its gone off, but I imagine that – take the edge off, wouldnt it? And we all know that isnt the highest terrorist threat level. The highest terrorist threat level, as we all know, is I dont care if this does look racist, Im getting off the bus. That is a massive rucksack and he doesnt need to be saying his prayers out loud. Im fucking doing one. (APPLAUSE) Where middle-class guilt is overtaken by fear, you know youre in trouble. Of course, with these jokes, I could face the wrath of Islam. Which Ive always thought sounds like a shit pub. Where are we going? Wrath of Islam. Oh, for fucks sake! Theres no booze, theres no fruit machine! Theres no pork scratchings! Yeah, but women can get stoned. (GROANING) Sometimes, doing this job, you feel very exposed. Not when Im doing jokes, but when Im doing an observational bit of comedy. You feel like, if no-one can relate to this, Im gonna feel a fool. So, share with me if youve had a similar experience. Its always embarrassing when you get an erection during a prostate exam. And they realise! Hang on, youre not a real doctor. Hey, jokes on her, she hasnt even got a prostate. Have we got any teenage girls in? Give us a shout, any teenage girls? – (WHOOPING) – Im sorry. I realise that is a creepy question! Teenage girls, the reason I ask, I read a thing recently that said that 90% of teenage girls are sexually active. Bullshit! A lot of them just lie there! Im frightened! Youre not my real dad! (LAUGHTER) I often get asked by young guys, young men after the show often ask me, Can you laugh a woman into bed? And the short answer? Yes. Obviously, shes too young for you if you have to say peek-a-boo, but, yeah. You can laugh a woman into bed. The tough bit comes 20 minutes later, when youre trying to laugh her into a taxi home. I dont want to make a big deal of this, but I recently adopted a newborn African child. He was just seven pounds, plus postage and packing. Thats how they get you. If only theyd put holes in that box. (GROANING) And that is the joke, interestingly, that Richard Curtis said was a bit much for the Comic Relief gig. Have you all been on that first foreign holiday abroad? The first foreign holiday you went on without your parents? Everyone been on that holiday? MANY PEOPLE: Yes! Has anyone not been on that holiday yet? – SEVERAL PEOPLE: Yes. – Oh, quite a few of you? Youve got a lot to look forward to. Its an amazing trip. It tends to be all the guys go away together, all the girls go away together, somewhere hot in Europe thats cheap that year. We went away, five of us, that went all the way through school together, we just got our A-level results, went away for two weeks in Faliraki. It was awesome! Sun, sea, sex and sand – thats what we were looking for, thats what we found. It was an amazing, life-affirming, wonderful holiday. Well, in those two weeks, I had sex with 12 different people. Im not bragging. I was gang raped. Still, I didnt let it spoil my trip. If theres a fight, I let my fists do the talking. (SOFT VOICE) Please dont hurt me. I went to a fairly posh, single-sex school, but I never really fitted in. I think its partly because Im male. Partly because I was 35 when they caught me. (LAUGHS) My granddad always used to insist on standing up whenever a woman entered the room, which is ultimately what led to him losing his Disability Living Allowance. I was up in north London, I saw a guy in the high street with a guide dog and a white stick and I went up to him, I went, You must be blind. He said, Tell me something I dont know. I said, Theres a tree over there. Dont be a dick about it. You never forget your first, especially if theyve got an unusual name. Akela? Theres something I dont understand about a womans G-spot. I cant quite put my finger on it. – I can drive a woman… – (LOUD LAUGHTER) Well done! Thats hit home there, has it? Touched a nerve, so to speak? How very apt. I can drive a woman wild with my tongue. Would you like me to demonstrate? – SOME PEOPLE: Yes. – OK, pay attention. All the action is happening here, young man. Drive a woman wild with your tongue. Have you put on weight? That easy. Anal sex is overrated – its fucking shit. And it hurts like buggery! I tried it with my girlfriend. She was bored to tears! (SEVERAL WAVES OF LAUGHTER) Has everyone thats gonna get it got it? Lets move along. Weve been together now for 12 years, me and my girlfriend, so to keep things fresh in the bedroom, we do a little bit of role-play. She pretends to be a nurse and I pretend Im still attracted to her. (LAUGHTER) Thats divided the room, hasnt it? Theres people who thought that was funny, and then there are unattractive women. Some girls like to have the lights off for sex to happen. They like all the lights to be out before they have sex. And theyve got a name. Theyre called fugly munters. Ive never had a complaint about that joke. Ive never had a woman come up after the show and go, Excuse me, Im a fugly munter. How do you think I feel? Hungry? Are there couples in? Give us a shout. (AUDIENCE SHOUTS) Ive got a theory about sex in long-term relationships. So, the received wisdom is its men that instigate sex within a long-term relationship. Its the man that says, Shall we go upstairs for a bit of slap and tickle, bit of hows-your-father, bit of sticky belly? Whatever you call it in your houses. But its the man that asks. I think that is misogynistic bullshit. Thats like saying the mans got the sex drive and the woman is just passive. I reckon its about 50-50 in most relationships. The reason you dont notice when women asks for sex is because when women ask for sex, it happens. Weve got the expression getting lucky because were rolling the dice, ladies. If your woman says to you, Do you want to go upstairs and fuck? Yep. It doesnt matter what else is going on. You could be full of flu, you could have just received devastating news, you could have just been shot in the leg… by her. Do you want to go upstairs and fuck? Yes, I do. But sometimes, gentlemen… Youll know this. Sometimes in a long-term relationship, youll suggest becoming amorous with your partner, youll suggest having sex, and shell say, No! And then she will give you some kind of mercurial strange reason as to why sex could not occur at that moment in time. And you would like to respond. Youd like to argue back, but you cant think of anything because you cant think at all because all the blood is somewhere else. So I thought, Why dont we take advantage of the situation we find ourselves in? Why dont we workshop it? What reasons have you heard, gentleman, not to have sex? And well come up with a response. What have you heard? – MAN: Headache. – Headache? – MAN: Tired. – Tired. Lets deal with those in order. Headache. Easy. If a woman says, Look, Ive got a headache, just say, Im going to be right at the other end. I could not be further away from that problem. Also, Im going to fuck you. Were not doing sudoku. Youre not going to need your wits about you. Tired… Tired is like the modern equivalent of headache. And I think genuinely if a woman says, I cant have sex, Im tired, what youve got to do, youve got to listen, obviously. Youve got to acknowledge. Its not enough just to listen. Shes got to know that youve heard. And then make a suggestion. Thats my advice, anyway. Dont demand anything from a woman. Make a suggestion. So if a woman says, I cant have sex, Im tired, Id say, Of course youre tired, I hear you. Youve got the kids, youve got the house, youve got work. You must be exhausted. So why dont you, and its just a suggestion, but why dont you… do what you normally do and just fucking lie there? (LAUGHTER) You lazy fucking cow. – Any other excuses for not… – MAN: Pregnant! – MAN 2: Too young! – Pregnant? Shes too young. (LAUGHTER) This is a long-term relationship youre in, right? She says, I really cant have sex with you, Im too young. Yeah. – And what was that one? – MAN: Pregnant. Are you trying to nudge her towards a three-way? (AUDIENCE GASPS) Is that bad? Clearly, yes. MAN: Shes dead! (LAUGHTER) I dont want to alarm anyone, but weve got a pirate in the house. (GRUFFLY) Hoist the mainsail! Shes dead. Shes dead? And yet youre still hearing a voice saying, No. That isnt her, thats your conscience, you monster! – Any other excuses for not having sex? – (AUDIENCE SHOUTS OUT) Your cocks too big? Try fucking a grown-up! (CHEERING AND APPLAUSE) (LAUGHS) Any other… (AUDIENCE SHOUTS OUT) MAN: Shes on the blob! Sorry, sir, can you just repeat what you said there? MAN: Shes on the blob! Shes on the blob. (LAUGHTER) How nicely put, sir(!) I think… I think a lesser man might have said, menstruation, or her time of the month or maybe period. Even Arsenal are playing at home. Or She has the red devil in her belly. Up on bricks. But you went with the much more genteel… (COCKNEY ACCENT) On the blob! Shes on the blob, aint she? I think, in all seriousness, if a woman says, I cant have sex, Ive got my period, I would say, Well, your arse isnt bleeding, is it? Yet. Yet… Give me a moment to work my magic. The best one I heard recently, someone said… A very nice gig in Cambridge… Are there any reasons for not having sex within a long-term relationship that youve heard from a woman? And a woman went, Morning fanny. I said, What? She said, Morning fanny. I went, Yeah, I heard you. I dont know what that is. Whats morning fanny? And she said, Do you know morning breath? Its that downstairs. (AUDIENCE GROANS) Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! Morning fanny. Who knew? (LAUGHS) Im telling these rather bawdy jokes, but Im actually quite a sensitive kind of guy, quite metrosexual. I remember the first time I got together with my girlfriend, 12 years ago now, the first time we had sex, the first time we hooked up, I cried. I dont know whether it was the physical act or the emotion of it or the pepper spray, but I teared up. (LAUGHS) People do weird shit sexually. Shall we talk about some of the weird shit people do? AUDIENCE: Yes! Gerontophiles. If youre not familiar with the term, gerontophiles are people that find the very elderly sexually attractive. I know. Bit of a mouthful, isnt it? Gerontophile. I prefer to call them OAPaedos. They like a bit of granny fanny. Wheres the harm? 50 Shades Of Grey – a very different thing for them. Years ago, this woman introduced handcuffs into our sexual relationship… when she called the police. I said, Ill come quietly. If you strangle yourself during sex, its called autoerotic asphixiation. If you do it to someone else, its called a serious sexual assault. My bad. A fluffy. Do you know what a fluffy is? A fluffy is when youre having sex with a woman and… Sorry, scratch that. Not when youre having sex with a woman. When you are making love to a lady. And as you make love to that beautiful lady, a fluffy is when she farts on your balls. Couple of things, couple of quick things. Firstly, really? Thats happening enough that we needed a special term for that? And secondly… how do you ask for that? Not that I would want that to happen, but… when you find out thats your thing, how do you ask for it to happen? Because presumably no-one asked for that the first time it happened. That was a happy accident. He was working away and one slipped out. And he thought, Thats not an unpleasant sensation. But then its very difficult to ask for that to happen again. Its very difficult to come across as Mr Darcy, the king of romance, when saying to the woman in your life, Would you mind, later on, when we make love, farting on my balls? Much easier… take her out for Indian food and hope for the best. Has anyone in here ever walked in on people having sex? – MAN: Yes. – What did you walk in on, sir? – My parents. – Your parents? (AUDIENCE GASPS) What kind of… What kind of special hug was Mummy doing with Daddy? What did you actually see when you walked in? MAN: Awful things. – (LAUGHTER) – What was your dad up to? His balls, presumably, but… Did you… Did you get an eyeful? Sorry, obviously not like that. That would be awful! Youd have to think that was premeditated… if you walked in and he was, This is going to be brilliant. You saw your parents? I presume you followed the classic etiquette of walking in on people having sex, which is, you walk in, I see, off. And in your case, straight to therapy. Has anyone else walked in on people having sex? – MAN: Yes. – Go on, what did you walk in on, sir? My daughter. (AUDIENCE GASPS) I dont know why thats bad, but its so much worse. Because if it was your son, I think we would all go, Yeah, go on, son. Go on, my son. But with your daughter, you cant walk in and… Go on, love! Oh, you look like youre fucking loving that. Theres my little girl. I mean, hopefully, it was a guy you approved of. Was it a guy you approved of? MAN: Hes sitting next to me. (LAUGHTER) Hes sitting next to you? (APPLAUSE) I hope you obeyed the etiquette. You walk in, you walk out straightaway. There are certain things people do sexually, though, that that could not be your response. Are we all familiar with the rusty trombone? Its a sexual practice whereby a lady is kissing a guys arse. I dont mean that metaphorically. I mean that in a far more literal and rimmy type sense. As thats going on, shes also administering a hand job. So theres this movement and the pursed lips. Well, you can see how they got to rusty trombone. Ive got no problem with the name, per se. My question is, if you walked in on people doing that, what would your response be? (LAUGHTER) Are you sure?! Got a question for the ladies. All women I know have got a very clear line. On one side of the line, things theyre happy, confident, comfortable and enjoy doing sexually with a loving partner. On the other side of the line, things theyve been asked to do but theyve said, No. What I would like to know, ladies, is what have you been asked to do that youve said, No? I dont mean reverse-park or wash up. Where do you draw the line is really what Im asking. What have you been asked to do that youve said, No? You look confused. Did you not realise you could turn shit down? Know what I mean? Youre just hearing now. – WOMAN: Anal! – You draw the line at anal? – What, sorry? – WOMAN: Yeah, totally. Yeah, totally. But on his birthday, yeah? Man up, lady. Thats where you draw the line? OK, any advance on that? Any other weirder things? WOMAN: Threesomes! A threesome? What kind of threesome was it, madam? Was it two guys and you, or a proper one? Go on, what kind of threesome was it? WOMAN: Two women. Two women. I think, see… I think on the surface that sounds misogynistic, doesnt it? Hes gone, I need two women to satisfy me cos Im such a man. I dont think thats what its about. I think he was thinking of you. He was thinking, Wouldnt it be lovely if, after lovemaking, she had someone to talk to? Thinking of you. He loves you. Any others? Any advance on this? (MAN SHOUTS INDISTINCTLY) Egging? What, sorry? MAN: Pegging! (LAUGHTER) Im not sure if Im mishearing or you cant talk. Its tough. Go on, what are you saying? – MAN: Pegging. – Pegging? Pegging. What the fuck is pegging? Isnt that just running? Whats pegging? MAN: Its where she gets a dildo on and does you up the arse. Do you mean foreplay? (LAUGHS) And she wouldnt do that, sir? What a prude! (LAUGHS) Any… WOMAN: Blumpkin. Blumpkee? Whats a blumpkee? Its when you give a guy a blow job while hes having a shit. (AUDIENCE GASPS AND SHRIEKS) I think… If Im not mistaken, she just said, Its when you give a guy a blow job while hes having a shit. I mean, Im sorry, madam, a guy asked you to do that? You know what, though? I admire that guy! Because thats what made this country great. Thats what made… civilisation great. Daring to dream. Theres an optimistic man. Oh, Im having a shit. Ive had loads of shits. Pretty boring. What about… This whole area is free. Its all going on back here. At what point in the relationship did he ask for that? – The end. – The end! (APPLAUSE) (LAUGHS) Not a bad way to end a relationship. Things arent going well, youre not getting on. Ill see if shell suck me off while Im having a shit. Cos if she says yes, I think she loves you. Any other weirdness? The reason Ive asked that question a few times now is because its my favourite bit of the show. Because I know that there are women out there who are currently having pressure applied to their legs… by the men in their lives. There are men out there going, I just wanted to fucking try it. Shut up. (LAUGHS) The weirdest one I heard about recently from an audience member was a Simba. Have you heard of a Simba? (SMOTHERING OF APPLAUSE) You know a Simba? A Simba is… Its from The Lion King, I believe. Its when youre with a beautiful lady, youre making sweet love to her, and you finish on her chest. Fine. Little bit disrespectful, some might think, but fine. And you take… Simba. Bringing a little Disney magic to the bedroom. Im not sure my girlfriend would appreciate a Simba. But I think… I think I could just do it on my own. I think the next time… I think the next time Im at home and Ive got broadband and a bit of time to myself, I think I might try and finish there. Simba. Ive got a tip for the ladies. Or, if you like, I could put the whole thing in. (LAUGHTER) Just a short one. Do you want to know the secret to the perfect hand job? Use your mouth. (LAUGHS) I left my last girlfriend cos she got really fat. Im pregnant. Theres always an excuse. Breast-feeding in public. Does that annoy anyone else? AUDIENCE: Yes. Annoys me. The babys head gets in the way. Cant see a fucking thing, can you? No, no-one likes having their parenting technique criticised. But would you agree that seven is too old to be in a pram. Would you agree with that? – AUDIENCE: Yes. – Yeah. Would you have said anything? Cos I said as much. Its a wheelchair. Is it? (LAUGHTER) Whos got kids? Give us a shout. – (AUDIENCE SHOUTS) – Who hasnt got kids? (AUDIENCE SHOUTS MORE LOUDLY) We sound happier. Which is weird, because were not trying to get anyone to join our gang. People with kids never stop going on about it, especially when youre my age. People with kids… (WHISPERS EERILY) Join us. Join us. Were so happy. You dont look happy, you look tired. (WHISPERS) Join us. Whos going to take care of you when youre old? Medical professionals! Ive got to go now. Ive got to have 12 hours sleep. Im not even tired. Of course, the pill revolutionised the way that women control their bodies. Before its invention, our poor nanas had to take it up the wrong un. Or face falling down the stairs… in a hot bath drunk on gin with a coat hanger chaser. (GROANS) My best friends wife is having a baby. And I asked him, I said, What do you want, a boy or a girl? And he thought about it. He said, I wanted a blow job. Really mournful. I like getting a blow job off the missus. I dont know if you get this. I dont know if you get a blow job om my missus, but… The thing I like about oral sex with my partner… I think the thing most men enjoy about oral sex with their partner is not anything sexual, ladies. Its the peace and quiet. Ladies, if youve ever been going down on my guy and hes gone, Oh, oh! thats not your technique, thats not the sound of his sexual ecstasy. That is the sound of a man not being asked a question. I would think about adoption. I dont have kids, but if I had kids, I think I would have them adopted. (LAUGHTER) People criticised Madonna, but the kids she adopted, Fairtrade. (LAUGHS) Have we got any dads in? Give us a shout, all the dads. (MEN SHOUT) Did you cry at the birth of your first child? – (A FEW SHOUT) – Very few of you admitting it. A lot of guys are embarrassed by the fact they cried at the birth of their first child. I think its cos they dont quite know why they cry. Theres different theories. Some people think its the biological bond with the child that you meet for the first time. That cant be it. Youre only meeting it for the first time. Not like the mother thats been carying it inside her. Thats more of a biological thing. With the guy, hmm, no. Some people think men cry at the birth of their first child because of the gift thats been bestowed on them by the woman in their life. That would make them tear up. No. I think the real reason most men cry at the birth of their first child is because they see what the little shits done to the missus. Oh, no! Now shes got a vaganus. (APPLAUSE) Um… If my grandmother knew how much I spent on her funeral, she would be spinning in her ditch. When I was a kid, I didnt want to imagine my parents having sex, so Id watch them from the wardrobe. Can closet gay agoraphobics ever come out? How can you possibly explain the concept of death to a young child? Well, you need a hammer and a hamster. Hes not gone to live on a farm, has he? Hes all over the fucking shop. It always feels so much better when you have a wank with a dead arm. But apparently I ruined that funeral. I remember in the playground, My dads harder than your dad. Its not really the issue. The issue is, both our dads have erections in a playground. Researchers have created a contraceptive pill that deactivates sperm before it reaches the womb. My girlfriend has got something similar called stomach acid. 10% of women have cried in a shop changing room. I guess they werent expecting to see me there. Heres an interesting fact. The reason morris dancers wear bells is so blind people know theyre cunts, too. They say, A problem shared is a problem halved. Didnt really work with AIDS, did it? Do you know you can get AIDS from a toilet seat? But only if you sit down before the last guys got up. My girlfriend asked me recently, Whats happened to your sex drive? I said, I burned it and smashed it with a hammer. I was worried the police were going to get hold of it. Humans and dolphins are the only mammals that have sex for pleasure. But a dog will do it for a biscuit. (LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE) Look. If you suffocate in a bag for life… (LAUGHTER) …youd be fucking livid, wouldnt you? The ironyd kill you. I recently read Great Expectations, and it wasnt as good as I thought it was going to be. I can do a brilliant Michael Jackson impersonation. – Would you like to see it? – AUDIENCE: Yes! I just need a young volunteer that can keep a secret. You know those human statues you get in the middle of town? You know the ones? Painted silver and gold, stand stock-still? And if you give them 50p when you walk past, they move their hand, like, a fraction. Actually works out cheaper if youre going to get past them every day just to buy a Taser. I had a thing happen in the high street the other day. You know the charity muggers? You know the ones with the clipboard and the optimism in the high street? I dodged two of the cunts and the third one got me with what I considered to be an unfair tactic. The backwards walk n talk. So I hadnt stopped, I hadnt made eye contact, and she told me her sad story as she trotted along backwards. And the wording was just perfect for me. She said, Do you know how often – people die from AIDS? – I said, Im not an expert, but Im guessing just the once. I saw an extraordinay anti-AIDS thing recently. I was in Johannesburg last year doing some gigs. And I saw in Johannesburg this charity had printed a leaflet with everything you needed to know about HIV and AIDS, cos theres a lot of myths about AIDS in South Africa. So they printed out this leaflet and, cos they raised more money than they needed, they decided to attach a condom to every leaflet. Good idea. So they stapled a condom… Genuinely true. The Everest of fuck-wittey. Its weird… Are there any South Africans in? (A FEW SHOUTS) Theres quite a few. Its weird, the linguistic differences you notice when you travel. Like, in this country when you say, Im not racist, what you tend to mean is, Im not a racist. In South Africa… when someone says, (SOUTH AFRICAN ACCENT) I am not a racist, it means, theyre about to say something fucking racist! Is this racist? Do Chinese people have Guess Who? (LAUGHTER) I tried that joke for the first time in a tiny little 50-seater theatre above a pub and there was a Chinese lady, front and centre, and she laughed enough that she sort of bent forward and it looked like Id gone, No. Its freaky. Genuinely weird. I like to think… I like to think of myself as an equal-opportunities offender. I like to think I offend everyone, and therefore no-one. Cos its like a blanket-bombing approach to offence. Im not picking on any group and also Im not really making any points, am I? Im just trying to make you laugh for a couple of hours. Thats my only job in this world. Im not trying to make any points or change anyones mind about anything. And the best defence of a joke is always, Its just a joke. I was only joking. Relax. I was just trying to make you giggle. When you try and say something thats true, earnestly from the heart, thats when it can fuck up much more spectacularly in your face. Ive got a story about this. Do you want to hear it? – AUDIENCE: Yes. – Its a story about PC blowing up in a friends face. So, this mate of mine… Its quite a long story, which is unusual for me, but its a doozy. Youll enjoy it. This mate of mine runs a comedy club out of university. Hes in his mid-60s now. Hes been running it since the early 80s. Its a legenday club. Anyway, he runs this thing. Hes quite a right-on kind of guy. If theres a petition to sign, hes signing it and forwarding the e-mail to me. If theres a march to go on, hes on the march. Very right on, political, involved kind of guy. Anyway, he runs this comedy club. This incident happened about 12 years ago. He decided to put on a night of American stand-up comedy. There happened to be three American stand-ups in London the same weekend. OK? So he decided, Instead of just booking one, Ill book all three of them, make it like a themed evening, like the Fourth of July. Well get hot dogs and Budweiser and what have you. Itll be fun. So, everyone comes to the evening. Theres 300 people in the club and hes all excited about it. The first act goes up on stage. Hes a black American stand-up out of New York City and he does what I would refer to as an Uncle Tom routine. If youre not familiar with the terminology, that means he did a racist routine. All his jokes were based on negative racist stereotypes. He got away with it. He was a very charismatic performer, he was very handsome, but the material was… It was terrible. I mean, at best, it was… White guys drive like this and black guys drive like this. Nonsense. Ill-observed nonsense. At worst, it was stuff that would make your skin crawl, OK? He totally got away with it that night. He got a big round of applause at the end of a half-an-hour set. And he walked back to the green room at the club and my mate went in after him. And he went up to him and he said, I want a word. Youll get paid for tonights gig, theres no problem with that. But you would not be welcome back at my club telling those kind ofjokes. I think its racist, I think its wrong. I dont think its OK for you to tell racist jokes just because youre a black guy. I think, if anything, you should know better. I think it denigrates the struggle of the African-American people, and you can never say that no-ones told you so cos Im telling you so right now. Its racist and its wrong. And the comedian went… …I agree. When youre right, youre right. But Im the other black comic. I havent been on yet. Ive been Jimmy Carr. Thank you very much for coming out. Cheers. Appreciate it. (CHEERING AND APPLAUSE) (LAUGHS) Ta-da! Thanks very much. Cheers. Thanks for coming out. Couple of quick things. Sometimes if I buy a girl a drink after the show, she gets the wrong idea. She thinks Im just a nice guy buying her a drink. No, no, no. Whos going out after this? Whos going out tonight? (AUDIENCE SHOUTS) Loads of you. Well, Ive got nothing but admiration. I mean, well done, but I cant wait to get home to bed. Ive had a lovely night, Ive really enjoyed talking to you but I want to get to sleep now. Ive got to an age where I talk about sleep like I used to talk about sex. You should have seen me last night. I was at it for eight hours. Eiderdown sheets, blackout blinds, the fucking lot! This morning, the snooze button did not know what fucking hit it. Well, lets break out some rough stuff. Its that time of the evening. Tell you a couple of jokes that Channel 4 told me were not acceptable. (CHEERING) It was the week of the tsunami. Remember the tsunami? All I wanted to say was the tsunami was terrible. Tokyo was covered in raw fish and seaweed, a situation the mayor described as delicious. Could have been worse. I couldve said dericious. But I didnt because that would have been razy lacism. I had a similar thing with Hurricane Sandy. Remember Hurricane Sandy that devastated the eastern seaboard of America? All I wanted to say was it was the worst thing to hit New York since those two planes. Possibly they got it right on that one. I tend to get into trouble with the papers for a joke once a year. Obviously last year I went rogue. But I tend to get in trouble for a joke with a journalist once a year. Last year the joke that got me into trouble with a journalist was this one. You probably remember it from the last show. Why are they called Sunshine Variety Coaches when all the kids on board look the same? Now, the word variety is doing a lot of the heavy lifting in that joke. Right? Its not that bad. The journalist in question said, You cant say that about retarded children. (AUDIENCE GASPS AND LAUGHS) Time out. Cos Variety, the childrens charity, they do great work, they do a lot of stuff with mentally disadvantaged children. But they also do a lot of stuff with physically disadvantaged children and socially disadvantaged children. You cant lump all those kids together and go, Bunch of retarded kids. You cant call anyone retarded kids. Youre a journalist, you should know better. And also, being offended on behalf of someone else in my mind is literally fuck-all. Thats just you taking the high moral ground. For you to be offended, I think, minimum, you have to be the one thats offended. So, if youre genuinely offended by that last joke, youre retarded. (LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE) While were talking about charitable stuff, as you leave this evening theres going to be a bucket collection. Theres people with buckets and tins and Ill just briefly tell you what its about. Were collecting money this evening for abused children, and if we raise between us just £500, we can buy their silence. Thats clearly a joke, right? The reason I say, Thats clearly a joke, is because I did a gig in Croydon a couple of months ago and a woman genuinely came up to me after the show and went, Where are those collection tins? Just unpick that for a second. So not only did she not realise that was a joke, she wanted to help! Is anyone totally unoffended by anything Ive said? (A FEW SHOUT OUT) Youre totally unoffended by anything. Whats your name, sir? – Hamdi. – Hamdi. Unusual name. You dont hear that every day. Well, I imagine you do. Its your fucking name. – What do you do, Hamdi? – Student. – Youre a student. What are you studying? – Economics. – Economics. Whereabouts? – Royal Holloway. Royal Holloway. Maybe if youd worked a little bit harder for your A-levels… Im just saying, Royal Holloway is not… I mean, come on, there are universities that have always been universities, there are universities that used to be polytechnics that then became universities and then theres Royal Holloway, which I think used to be a 24-hour garage. Then they got a delivery of books and they fucking went with it, God love you. Right, let me try and offend you. Um, all right, when I was at school, a mate of mine got caught wanking in the showers. Nothing? Well, it ruined the school trip to Auschwitz. It is not going to get any more offensive than that, dude… to joke about the worst thing that has ever happened. I cant tell you a more offensive joke than that, but I can tell you a story about me that will change your mind about me and then change it right back. Do you want hear it? – AUDIENCE: Yes! – OK. It concerns… Its basically telling you about what its like being famous. What its like is, people ask you to do things. And its nice to say yes, because normally its fun stuff. Do you want to be on Top Gear? Yes, I do. Do you want to do a jubilee? Yes, I do. Do you want to come and visit a hospice? Its palliative care for teenagers. Yes, I do. I got that call about six years ago. I said, Yeah, Ill go. I didnt know what some of those words meant. I thought, It sounds all right. Teenagers. I imagine thatll be fun. Now, it transpires palliative translates to dying. And I found myself in a situation where I went, Well, Ive got to go, Ive said Ill go, and thinking, This is going to be shit. Hand on heart, I thought, This is going to be fucking shit. But I said Id go, so Ill go. So I went there with very low expectations. I thought, Ill be lucky to get through this without tearing up. I went there. It was genuinely… I couldnt believe what a fucking arsehole I am. Because it was genuinely inspirational. It was brilliant to go. If you get a chance to visit a hospice, go to a hospice. Theyre amazing. Cos… I dont know what inspires you. I like that idea of carpe diem, living in the moment, now being where happiness is. And if you meet life-limited teenagers, they are having that because they are aware of how precious time is. I think we often forget in our day-to-day lives. It was amazing to go and be around. Ive been back many times since, and Id recommend it as a thing to do. Its really fun. They dont want to be shut away, they want to be part of society. The thing that blew me away when I went there was an incident. So, if I go out to get coffee before the show, if I go to Starbucks… Obviously, my coffee shop of choice. Similar views. But if I go out to get coffee before the show, if theres a group of 15-year-old girls in the coffee shop, theyll be really flirty with me, not because Im some super-attractive dude, but because Im a celebrity, and theres a cachet to celebrity in our society, for better, for worse. There just is. Its a fact. So Im used to that kind of flirting in that context. I wasnt expecting it within the context of palliative care for teenagers in a hospice. Theres a girl in there… Shed just turned 15, pretty little thing, and shes a massive comedy fan. And she had all the DVDs and seen everything on YouTube, like, really into it. And she was really flirty and really tactile. And I thought… Well, all she wanted was a kiss. And I thought, Well, wheres the harm? Shes going to be dead before she can testify. (AUDIENCE GASPS AND LAUGHS) I can see you think thats bad. But I can make that worse… …with just two words. True story. It is a true story. It just happens to be about a different Jimmy. (APPLAUSE) Thank you so much for coming out. Thank you very much indeed. Cheers. Good night. Thank you. Cheers. # We hope you enjoyed your stay # Its good to have you with us # Even if its just for the day # We hope you enjoyed your stay # Outside the sun is shining # Seems like heaven aint far away # Its good to have you with us # Even if its just for the day. #

KEVIN HART@LET ME EXPLAIN@2013@[Stand up Begins] [The crowd cheers as Hart enters in hip hop fashion with bright signs, music, and fire. While he walks around stage.] Kevin Hart: I know Im in Madison Square Garden, and this shit is sold out. Yall better make some fucking noise! Im gonna say it again. I know Im in fucking Madison Square Garden. This bitch sold out. Yall better make some fucking noise! Uh… [Pause as crowd cheers. Hart is pointing to backstage] You see my fire? You see my fire? You got to be a big deal to have fire, people. [pointing at himself] It means Im a big goddamn deal. Let me tell you why I got fire. Let me tell you why. I went to go see Jay-Z and Kanye perform, right? These nigga s had a bunch of fire. I was like, Yo, this show is the shit, cause they got fire. No comedian has ever had fire. Im about to be the first comedian with some fucking fire. So… Because of that, throughout my show, youre gonna see a bunch of pointless fire. Youre laughing? Im not playing. Im dead serious. You think its a game? Give fire for these bitches one time. [fire explodes, Hart raises his hand with the fire.] Theres about to be a bunch of fucking fire. This shows gonna be hot. Literally. [Pause as crowd cheers] Um… Lot of shit to talk about, man. I wanna talk about the fact that Im happy. Im happy right now, people. Uh… [crowd cheers] I wanna explain why Im happy. First of all, my divorce is final. Thats the first reason why. [crowd cheers again] Now, heres what I wanna explain about my divorce. Everybody assumes that because you went through a divorce, you went through a fucked-up period of life. You hate each other. Youre enemies. Its not true. At the end of the day, thats the mother of my kids. Im always gonna respect her as the mother of my kids. Shes happy, shes moved on. Im happy, Ive moved on. Im happier than she is, though. [crowd laughs] I am. No, I am. Im doing a lot of happy shit right now, people. You have no idea. I took a fucking walk the other day. Do you know how happy you gotta be to take a goddamn walk? To just go outside and start fucking walking? I knew I was happy because I was talking to myself while I was walking. I was like, You hungry? [talking is a different voice] [mouth click] I could eat. [talking normal again] It was just me, though. Right? Nobody else was there. I stopped, I fed pigeons. Thats some happy shit! You gotta be happy to feed pigeons. Heres a beautiful thing about me feeding pigeons. When I was done feeding the pigeons, I didnt have to lie about it. See, when youre married, you lie about shit like that. Because you dont believe that your wife would ever believe that you were doing something as dumb as feeding some goddamn pigeons. Theres not a married man sitting in this audience right now that can go out and feed pigeons, and his wife calls, and she says, Babe, where you at? And you go, Im feeding pigeons. And she believes that he was feeding some fucking pigeons. Itll never happen. Its an argument off the bat. Where you at, babe? Im out here feeding pigeons. You aint feeding no damn pigeons! Whatre you talking about? I am feeding the pigeons. Then put the pigeon on the fucking phone. What? Let me talk to the goddamn pigeon. [making pigeon sounds] That aint no pigeon. [Waving his hands like a woman talking] Tell the bitch sitting next to you thats making pigeon noises on the phone, when I see her, Im gonna beat her ass. Oh, fake pigeon noise making assbitch… Oh, not knowing how to sound like a pigeon ass bitch… Matter of fact, tell that bitch that when I see her, Im gonna grab a real pigeon and smack the shit out of her with it. She could see what a real pigeon sounds like. Oh, false pigeon vocal chord having ass bitch. Im fucking killing yall, man. Get fire on these bitches one time. [Fire from backstage, Hart waves his hands again] [crowd cheers] I… Im at a point now where I understand who I am as a man. I know my pros, I know my cons. Heres, heres whats bad about me, people. Im a liar. I love to lie. Uh… I dont know why. I wish I could stop. I cant. I think Im sick. Its a disease. Um… I dont even tell good lies. I tell a bunch of dumb-ass lies on a regular basis. Let me tell you something. Theres nothing worse than telling a dumb-ass lie and getting caught telling a dumb-ass lie. For example, I dont like talking on my cell phone. I cant stand talking on my phone. But I dont know how to tell people that I dont like to talk on my phone. I think that makes me, like, an asshole, so Id much rather lie about it. Heres how I got caught the other day. Im in my car, Im driving. My boy calls me when Im driving, I pick up, Yo, what up? Kev, whats going on? Instantly, I lie. I said, Dude, I cant be on the phone like that. Im out of the country. Im not trying to have a high-ass phone bill. [putting his hand up] This is no bullshit. This is what I heard, he said, [making a strange face] nigga, aint that you at the stoplight right there in front of me? I said, What? Im so oblivious at lying, I waved. Whats up, man? Whats going on with you, baby? Why you said you was out of the country? I didnt say that. I never said that. I dont wanna be a liar. I dont. I blame yall. Its your fault. Cause yall put me in positions where I have no choice but to lie. For example, Im here. Im in New York. Im at the airport. Im in baggage claim, right? This girl sees me, she goes off. She loses her fucking mind. Soon as she saw me, she was like, [in a very strange girl-like voice making extreme body movements] oh, my God, no, Kevin! Oh, no! Oh, no! Oh, no! I cant believe this! God must be playing a trick on me! God must be playing a trick on me! Oh, my God! I said I was gonna see you and then I see you, and now Im looking at you. Oh, my God, I cant believe it. Oh, my God! Can you do me a favor? Can you wait here for, like, 30 minutes? My mom is about to land. She would love to get a picture with you. [Back to his normal voice] I was like, Fuck, yeah, Ill wait. Go ahead, go get her. As soon as she left, I took off. [crowd laughs] Bitch, Im not standing here for no No! Kill yourself. Die! Today! Death to you, bitch, die! Im not fucking waiting for you. But I cant say that. If I say that, that makes me, like, an asshole. There are certain lies that I cant tell. For example, I cant tell big lies. Reason why I cant tell big lies is because Im one of those people that start to believe the lie. Like, once I get that ball rolling, I cant stop. You know who I respect? I respect people that work a nine-to-five job that could show up late for work without an excuse. They show up, take full responsibility. Hey, Im sorry Im late. Itll never happen again. I overslept, I apologize. Its irresponsible on my behalf. If I do it again, fire me. I respect people that can do that. Cause I cant do that, cause Im a fucking liar. I am. If Im late, something happened. I dont give a shit. Something drastic happened. Yo, dude, sorry Im late. I was on the highway and a fucking baby was running on the highway. Yeah, I know, right? Shits crazy. So I get out of the car, I start chasing the baby. In my mind, Im like, Whyre you running, baby? Thats what Im thinking, right? Im like, What do you do? Cause I cant just grab the baby and throw the baby in the car, thats kidnapping. I fuck around and go to jail. I got a little butt, Ill get raped. I know theyll fucking rape me in jail. I aint trying to get raped. So I had to make a decision. I was like, Shit, what do I do? So I decided to adopt the baby. What I did was, I downloaded this app on my iPhone, this Adopt the Baby app, right? I put the barcode on the baby head. Boop! That way the baby knew he was my baby. I put the baby in the car, I go to pull off, I turn around, a deer was running towards the car. So Im like, Oh, shit! This deer is about to eat the baby! Thats what Im thinking, right? But then I looked closer, I noticed the front part of the deer was a deer, the back half was a zebra. It was half deer, half zebra. So Im like, Oh, shit! Its a deerbra! Like, thats what Im thinking, Its a fucking deerbra. So I call the zoo, Im like, Yo, theres a fucking deerbra out here on the highway! He was like, Whats that? I was like, Half deer, half zebra. He was like, Did you just make that up? I was like, I think so. Um… He said, Well, bring it down. So I get down there, he sees it, hes like, Oh, shit, its half deer, half zebra! I said, Thats what I was trying to tell you on the phone, its a deerbra. He was like, Okay, what do you want? Do you want money for it? I said, No, I dont have that type of time. I gotta get back to the car because my new son is in the car by hisself. So I get back to the car, turns out, the baby that I thought was a baby wasnt a baby. It was a grown-ass man with Benjamin Button disease. Let me tell you how I figured this out. I figured this out,  cause when I got to the car, the baby woke up. I was like, Hey, Im your new dad. Ive just adopted you. He was like, You aint my dad, bitch! Im 65. I said, Goddamn! He said, I got a disease. I was like, You got that Benjamin Button. He was like, Wheres my deerbra? [confident face] I said, I knew that was a fucking deerbra, I knew it was. I just took it to the zoo. He was like, Well, how the fuck am I supposed to get home? [strange face] I said, You ride that motherfucker, man? Anyway, long story short, thats why Im five minutes late for work, cause it took a long-ass time for me to get the fucking deerbra in the car. Understand something, people. Lying will ruin your life. Lying will ruin your goddamn life. Lying ruined my marriage. True shit, sweetie. Lying ruined my goddamn marriage. Thats a lie, I cheated. [crowd laughs] Lets talk about it, though, lets figure it out. Dont judge me. Let me explain. Um… Yes. Yes, people, I cheated. Am I ashamed of it? No. No, I am not. Do I wish that I could take it back? No. No, I dont. Let me tell you why. You cant evolve as a man if you never make a mistake. The only way that you could be perfect is to fuck up. I get it, I fucked up. Dont cheat. Nah! Whatever. Now, do I.. Do I think cheating was the problem? No, I dont. Cheating was not the problem. Lying about cheating was the problem. If Id had been honest about it, might have worked it out. But I wasnt. I lied. And I didnt just lie on myself, I put my best friend in my lie. Now I dont think thats a bad thing to do. Let me explain why. If youre my best friend, I shouldnt have to ask you to lie for me. I shouldnt have to ask your permission for me to put you in my lie. You know why? Cause youre my best fucking friend, bitch. Thats your job. The day that we signed up and said that we best friends, that means that [pointing back and forth] my bullshit is your bullshit. And your bullshit is my bullshit. If youre my real best friend, you should know that I need you to lie for me by the look on my face. If Im looking at you and Im not blinking, if Im like this… [staring wide eyed with his hands open] [crowd laughs] thats a goddamn sign. That means, The bitch got the drop on us. My back is against the wall. This is not a test. Its the real deal, help me! Help me! [very exaggerated] nigga! Help me! My friend Harry ignored all signs, okay? Let me tell you how shit hit the fan. I come in the house, right? Come in the house, like, 4:00 in the morning. Im drunk, people. Drunk as shit. I have no balance. Im all over the place. Im rocking back and forth. Soon as I walk in the house, she wakes up, she goes off. You know what? Im sick of this. I know yous probably out with some bitch. You was probably messing with some bitch. Now, Im drunk, I dont wanna respond, because I dont have any balance. Im rocking back and forth. You dont look believable when youre rocking back and forth. So I had to choose a stance in which I looked believable. So I chose this. [standing with his legs in a lunging position and his hands at head level] I said, Let me tell you something, listen to me. Wasnt nobody with no bitch, okay? Youre wrong. Matter of fact, to prove you wrong, Im gonna call Harry. Harry not expecting me to call right now, so Harry dont have no reason to lie. And Im gonna put it on speakerphone. [pointing] About to make you feel stupid. Watch this. Watch how fucking stupid you feel. Watch. Watch this. [dialing his phone] Harry. Harry, real quick, dont lie. Lets stop right there. [Crowd laughs] Lets just stop right there for a second. What does that mean? What does that mean, people? Lie. It means, lie. Right now. That means, The bitch got the drop on us. My back is against the wall. This is not a test. Its the real deal, help me! Help me! [very exaggerated] nigga! Help me! Harry ignored all signs. Im gonna tell you exactly what Harry said. I said, Harry. Harry, real quick, dont lie. Wherere we coming from right now? He said, Man, you was with that bitch with the fat ass. [In his strange girl like voice] What? Oh, no. No, no, no, no. Oh, no. No, no, no, no. Yo. [high pitched voice] I was so fucking scared. I was so scared. I mean, this bitch gonna kill me. Shes gonna fucking kill me. [normal voice] See, but understand something. Im not mad at Harry. The reason Im not mad at Harry is because Harry has done some dumb shit, but I understand who he is. See, Harry might be the smartest dumbest friend that Ive ever had in my life, okay? Let me tell you the dumbest thing that Harry has ever done. Harry invented the code for us to use to let each other know when we were around our women. Basically, if somebody used the code, it means, Dont say anything stupid. You might be on speakerphone. Dont say nothing dumb. The phone might be loud enough so my girl can hear whatever it is youre saying. It means, Dont say anything that could jeopardize our relationship. The code was, Man, Im hungry as shit. Thats the code, people. Man, Im hungry as shit. Heres what pissed me off about the code. [exaggerated] Harry invented the fucking code. So theres no reason why Harry should have messed up the code. Heres how Harry messes it up. Im in the car with my lady. Im driving, shes in the passenger seat. Harry calls me when Im in the car. I got the Bluetooth shit in the car, so my phone rings, the whole car rings. Harrys name pops up on the dashboard. I answer, What up, boy? Kev, whats going on? Aint shit. This is how I knew the conversation was about to take a turn for the worse. This is how I knew it was about to get filthy. He said, nigga! [blank stare and strange look along with noises] Harry, hey, hey. Man, Im hungry as shit! He said, Im not. I just ate. What? What! Harry! Harry! Harry! I said, Man, Im hungry as shit. He says, Yo, you should go to Subway and get the footlong for five dollars. What the fuck! Harry! Harry! I said, Man, Im hungry as shit. He said, Oh, that must mean youre ready to eat these white bitches. [In his strange girl like voice] What? Oh, no. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no. I aint eating no white bitch. I aint eating no white bitches. I never did. Oh, my God, no. Oh, no. [normal voice] Yo, have you ever been in trouble with your girl to the point where youre afraid to look at her, [pointing to his head] but you can feel her staring at the side of your goddamn face? I was so scared, I never looked at her. I just looked straight and started making dumb-ass noises. [beatbox noises while driving] I started pointing out shit. Oh, look, a deerbra! You see it? I just saw a deerbra. Im fucking killing yall, man. Get fire on these bitches again. [Fire from backstage, Hart waves his hands again] [crowd cheers] Now, heres the thing. Im not upset with Harry for doing all the dumb shit that hes done. Reason why is because Ive learned so much from Harry. Like, literally, now I know what to do, what not to do. I know what I want, what I dont want. And, fellas, Im not selfish with this information. I feel like its my job to educate yall. I can tell you what you want in your life, what you dont. I can tell you the one thing that you do not want in your household. Fellas, the one thing that you dont want in your household is a female that doesnt trust you. Only thing thats worse than a female that doesnt trust you is a female that doesnt trust you that has no proof for why she doesnt trust you. That bitch is crazy. Let me tell you why. Shes crazy because she has so many thoughts in her head about what you might be doing, and it pisses her off that she cant figure it out. Thats why she sits in the house all day, trying to put pieces to a puzzle together that doesnt exist. [leaning down with a crazy look] Oh, he done fucked up. Oh, this nigga fucked up. What the fuck is this right here? Oh, I got his ass now. This is a woman thatll look at you and say crazy shit like, [leaning down with a crazy look, rocking side to side] Dont act like Im fucking crazy, nigga. You ever see a girl say shit like that? She look crazy as shit while she say it. [leaning down with a crazy look, rocking side to side] Dont act like Im fucking crazy. Let me tell you something. Any bitch that do this shit right here… [leaning down with a crazy look, leaning on one side] is a goddamn psychopath, you hear me? Any bitch that argue with you to the side, [leaning down with a crazy look, rocking side to side] Oh, you got a bitch fucked up, you hear me? You got me fucked up. You got me fucked up. You got me fucked up, nigga. Thats a different level of woman. Shes fucking crazy. This woman is so crazy that when she thinks, when she thinks that shes caught you cheating, before she talks to you, shes gotta have a conversation with herself. Shes gotta talk to herself. [Walking to the side] Heres my impression of a crazy woman talking to their self. [Walking around stage drastically] Oh, yeah. Oh, we got his ass now. We got his ass now. You ready, bitch? Bitch, Im ready. Aint nobody there, its just her. Now, shes so crazy that she cant even stick to the plan. The plan is to see you. When she sees you, shes supposed to show you whatever she found. Youre supposed to talk about it, figure out the next steps in your relationship. But shes crazy. Theres so much bottled up emotion and built-up tension inside. As soon as she sees your face, she snaps. She fucking loses it. Soon as you walk through the door, Shut the fuck up! Shut up! Dont say shit! Youre a piece of shit! [In his strange girl like voice] Oh, my God, [scream] no. Hey, have you ever seen a woman go from frantic to calm? Like, real fast? [angry] Motherfucker, youre a piece of shit! [sad] I cant believe youre hurting me! [angry] But its gonna be the last time that you do some shit like this to me. [sad] I dont give a fuck about it! I dont give a fuck! [angry] Let me tell you something, nigga. Youre gonna get your shit together, [sad] or youre gonna get out! Shes a fucking psychopath, man. Crazy women always wanna tell you what you did. They always wanna run down the story. [angry woman] Let me tell you why you fucked up. Last night, you come in here, youre a little drunk, youre a little tipsy. You start to go to sleep on the couch. You take your pants off, you put your pants on the floor. Something told me, something told me, something was like, Girl, go through his pants. I was like, All right. [crazy face] Thats the crazy girl face. [crazy face] All right. So, I get up, I go through your pants, I found a receipt. You had a receipt in your pants for some gas. But it wasnt any old kind of gas, it was regular gas. Thats funny, Im with you all the time. Ive never seen you use regular gas. Ladies, let me ask you a question. Why is it that whenever youre arguing with your man and you repeat yourself, the second time you say it, you get loud as shit as if you solved the case? Thats funny, Ive never seen you use regular gas. Ive never seen you use regular gas! You know who put the regular gas in the car? That regular bitch that you was with. Thats who put the regular gas in the car. Shut your ass up! Shut up! Youre caught. Youre a piece of shit! Look at you! You got glitter all on your face. Mismatched socks! Now, ladies, let me explain something to you. 99% of the time you are right. 99% of the time you are right. That 1% when youre wrong, thats the day that men live for. We live for the day that we can make you look dumb as shit. Thats our goal as men. Imma tell you three words that you never wanna hear come out of your mans mouth. If your man ever hit you with these words, shut up. Dont say shit, hes about to make you look stupid. If youre going off, youre snapping, Shut the fuck up. Youre a piece of shit. I hate you. [angry noise] If he hit you with this right here, [pointing, using a deep smooth voice] Are you done? Are you done? He get cocky. Are you done? Are you done? Okay. Okay. Im about to shit on this bitch right now. Are you done? Youre done, right? Youre done, right? Are you done? Are you done? Okay, okay. [normal voice again] Im laughing, Im laughing because you dont even know what happened. See, last night, you was the one at the club that started to drink a whole bottle of Patron by yourself. Youre the one that passed out in the club. Im the one that picked you up, carried you out of the club, put you in the car. We got in the car, we started driving home, I realized I lost my wallet. I said, Damn, babe, we need gas. I dont have my wallet. You got any money on you? You said, in a very drunk voice, I got three dollars. I said, What the fuck are we supposed to do with three dollars? You said, We gonna put some regular gas up in this motherfucker. I said, Fine. We put the regular gas in the car, I drive home fast, cause I didnt wanna run out of the regular gas. When we got home, you felt sick because of the way I was driving. You fucking went upstairs, you start throwing up. I got naked, I got into bed. I kept my socks on, though. First of all, you know I sleep with my socks on because I got ugly feet. Im insecure about my feet. My fear is, if I dont sleep with socks on, were gonna get robbed. And whoever has the gun is gonna look at my feet and theyre gonna be like, Oh, shit. Ew! Barn! Shoot me in the fucking foot. Im gonna have another ugly-ass goddamn foot. So you start calling me. Yous like, Kev, come help me. Im throwing up. I come running to the bathroom, you got throw-up all over the floor. I stepped in it, ew, took my sock off, I put your sock on. Thats why my sock got a ball on the back of it. Picked you up, put you on my shoulder. The reason why I got glitter on my face, its because you use that cheap-ass glitter lotion on your ass. So when I held you like this, your ass was rubbing against the side of my goddamn face. Ran in the room, I threw you in the bed. I didnt get into bed, cause you smelled like throw-up. Im not getting in the bed with nobody that smells like throw-up. You know why Im not getting in the bed with nobody who smells like throw-up? Cause its gonna make me fucking throw up! So I went downstairs, I slept on the couch. With that being said, dont say shit else to me. Youre wrong! Im out! This face that women make is priceless. [making an innocent face] Its not even like that. Listen, come here, its not even… I dont even wanna debate… Listen, come here, let me suck your dick. I wanna suck your dick. Let me suck your dick while the football game is on, for the whole game. Im gonna suck your dick for the whole game. Men are so stupid, wed be in the middle of storming out. For the whole game? You would do it for the whole game? For half-time and everything? Youre gonna suck it for the whole game? Deal. You got a goddamn deal. Well, you better get to sucking right now, cause its a long game. Now, heres my advice to you, fellas. If your woman is going through that insecure period where shes questioning you, shes going through your shit, my advice is, stop her. Babe, stop, whatever youre looking for, dont look anymore. Youre right, Im wrong. I need to do better. The reason I say do that is because you dont wanna see your woman go through that crazy point of no return. See, Ive seen a woman get here. Its unattractive. The reason why its unattractive is cause when a woman reaches a certain level of crazy, she doesnt know that shes being crazy. Everybody else knows. Everybody else sees it. Hey, that bitch in the corner with the diaper on her face is fucking crazy, yo. Shes fucking crazy. Shes a psychopath. Everybody else knows except her. Heres the thing, I was in that situation. I saw a woman get crazy. Let me tell you how I knew this one chick went wild, okay? Were in the house one day, arguing, all fucking day. Gets to the point where Im like, You know what, I cant argue with you no more. My head hurts. Im done. Im getting in the shower. Im getting dressed. Im going to the store. True story, people. Exactly what I do. Get in the shower, get dressed, get in my car, start driving to the store. On the way to the store, I hit a speed bump. When I hit the speed bump, I hear a lot of noise in the trunk. Boom! Ba-dum-doo! Boom! Thats weird, I aint put shit in the trunk. What the fuck is all that noise in the goddamn trunk? Im small. I get scared fast. So I get out of the car, I pop the trunk, this is some true shit. I pop the trunk. When I pop the trunk, this bitch was stooped down in the trunk like this, looking at me. [stooped down with a crazy look] I see her in the goddamn trunk. I see her see me see her in the goddamn trunk. I just caught you in the trunk of my car. You gotta say something to justify what the fuck Im looking at. What the fuck are you doing in the goddamn trunk? With a straight face, she looks at me, jumps out of the trunk, rolls her eyes and takes off, as if I never saw her. [acting like hes running] Now, let me tell you why I had an attitude. I had an attitude because we live together. Like, Im gonna see you tonight. We have to address this at some point in time. I said, No, fuck that. Were gonna talk about this right now. I get in the car, I drive home. Heres where it gets crazier. When I get home, she in the kitchen cooking, right? I walk in the house, she said, Hey, babe, you hungry? Bitch, what the… [confused face] Oh! I dont wanna talk about no goddamn food. I wanna talk about why I popped the trunk and you popped out of the goddamn trunk like a goddamn Jack-in-the-box. The fuck were you doing in the goddamn trunk? With a straight face, she looked at me, she said, I wasnt in no goddamn trunk. [confused face] Bitch, I saw you see me see you in the goddamn trunk. [leaning to the side with a crazy face] You aint see me in no goddamn trunk. You must have saw one of them other bitches youve been fucking with, goddamn trunk, nigga! It messed me up so bad, I started thinking. I was like… [confused face] Did I have another bitch in the trunk? I might have… Oh, no, I might have put another bitch in the trunk and forgot she was in the trunk. These are real-life situations. And after something like that happens, every mans reaction is the same. We all say the same shit, we all do the same shit. I aint getting with no crazy-ass woman. Aint no way in hell Im getting with a crazy-ass woman. Id rather be with myself. Thats what you do, you live the single life. Single life is amazing at first. Reason why its amazing is because every night, youre with your boys, youre drinking, youre meeting women, having a good time. Reality doesnt hit you about how bad the single life is until you call your friends to go out, and on that night, none of your friends are available, cause theyre out with their women. Thats when reality hits you. Yo, what up, boy? What you want to do tonight? Oh, man, I aint doing nothing. Its cupcake Tuesdays. Me and my lady, were making cupcakes. Red velvet. I get to lick the bowl and everything. Lick the bowl? Man, get the fuck off my phone. Hey, dont be mad at me cause you aint got no bowl to lick. What? Then you start to rethink your whole decision. Damn. Did I have a good woman? Shit, man. I might have had a good woman. You know what, I need to get my lady back. Thing is, you cant go back the way you left. You gotta reinvent yourself. You gotta make it look like youre making an effort to get your woman back. Heres how dumb I am. This is what I do. I come back. Babe, I got an idea. Its gonna be great. Its gonna put the spark back in our relationship. Its gonna make us fall in love, okay? Weve never done it. Lets do it for the first time together. We should both take ecstasy one time. We should pop the pill. Hear me out. Hear me out. Its an emotional drug, okay? Its gonna make us talk. Were gonna have sex. Its gonna be the best. She said, Fine, lets do it. She takes the pill. Her pill gives her all the right reactions. I take the pill. My pill… Okay. My… My pill made me believe that I was a drug dealer. This is some real shit. I wish I was making this shit up. I cant make this up, people. I dont know where it came from. I snapped. We were talking. She was like, Babe, I just wanna be happy. I want the disrespect to stop. Let me tell you something, youre worried about fucking disrespect? Thats what youre worried about? Hmm? What you need to be worried about is how Im gonna deliver this kilo of cocaine to fucking Pablo. She was like, What? Whatre you talking about? Girl, what the hell do you think Im talking about? Where you think all this money come from? Jokes? Is that what you think? Huh? [leaned over slightly with a funny look on his face] You think Im out here making funny money? Is that it? Huh? [dancing like a gangsta] Bitch, Im in the game. Im out here in the fucking streets. Okay? I gotta cook it, cut it, bake it, boop! Fly that shit. She was like, Oh, my God, what about the kids? Fuck them kids, bitch. Im out here riding around and getting it, bird gang. You dont even know my life, bitch. Listen, let me tell you how messed up I was. I was ass naked, walking around the house like this. [holding his hand with his pointer finger out like its a gun] In my mind, this was a gun. I really believed that my hand was a gun. I was making threats. I said, Let me tell you something. If anybody on the block try to touch my product, chitty, chitty, bang, bang, nigga s gonna die. She was like, Calm down, calm down. This was how I knew she was fucked up. This was how I knew she was fucked up. [turning around] Cause I turn around like this, right? [acting dramatic] She was like, Dont shoot me. Aint nobody gonna shoot you. I got the safety on. You need to fucking chill out. Yall are laughing? Im being serious. I was messed up. I tried to fuck a beanbag that night. I was ass naked on the beanbag for two hours, doing this shit by myself. [moving provocatively] I was sweating, but I didnt know it was me. I thought it was the beanbag. I was like, Oh, this beanbags wet as shit. This beanbags about to get this long dick. Thats what youre gonna get, beanbag. Youre gonna learn today, beanbag. You hear me? You will learn today. Thats an old chapter of my life, people. Right now, Im in a new chapter. In this chapter, reality has hit. Reality is, Im single. Fucking dating. I can do what I want now. Now, heres the scary thing about dating for me. I believe in karma. Whatever you do in life is gonna come full circle at some point in time. I know it is, okay? My fear is, Im gonna fuck around and fall in love, and Im gonna get hurt. When I think about getting hurt, I think about the ultimate level of getting hurt. Like, Im gonna try to surprise my lady on her lunch break. She would be in the car giving some dude head, Im fucking around to see it. Now, I know Im not strong enough to deal with that. Im too emotional. I break down. [In his strange girl like voice] Hmm. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. No. Pick your head up. Dont finish. Dont finish it. Jesus, take the wheel, please. I know I cant deal with it. Some men are. Some men can. Some men are strong enough to catch their woman in a sexual act, like giving another man head, to the point where they can go up to the [opening the car door] car, open the car door and say one sentence. In that sentence, theyll let a woman know how much he loved her, how bad she hurt him and where he is mentally, and he can walk off. Some men can pull it off. You know what, I loved you the best that I could. What I could do, I did. What I didnt do, I tried. Fuck it. Hell walk Off. Shell feel bad. Why am I doing this? [popping noise out of his mouth] [crowd laughs] I dont wanna do it no more. Did you get it? That was the dick. Did you guys get it? This was the dick. Did you get it, you got it? All right. Some men are different. Some men are killers. Some men are thugs all the time. No, fuck that! Fuck that! If I see my girl in the car giving some dude head, Im gonna go up to the car, Im gonna grab him, drag him out of the car, Im gonna beat the shit out of the dude. Thats how some men feel. [speaking to someone in the audience] Would you do that, man? Chainz, would you fuck him up? Youd whoop his ass? Youre gonna fight the guy with his dick out? His dick is out. This guys got the hard dick. Thats the wrong answer, Chainz. I dont like that answer. I dont think you thought about it. Shouldve thought it through. His fucking dick is out. I cant fight a dude with a hard dick. Its not gonna happen. The reason why is cause Im small. When I fight, I gotta get low. [crouching down] I gotta get your legs. If your dick is out, at some point in time, thats gonna cause a problem for me. At some point in time. Yo, you got my girl out here in a fucking car? Hmm? Huh? nigga? [diving forward act, then having a strange look then a crying face and a scream] Yo, youre gonna lose your fucking mind if a mans dick hit your head in front of a group of people watching the fight. Youre gonna do some shit you never thought you would do. Youre gonna fuck around and grab it. [grabbing his mic tightly and screaming and wrestling with it] Youre gonna say some shit you never thought you would say, Im gonna rip it off! This dick is coming with me! This is my dick! I got two dicks now! Yo, if you grab a dudes dick in a fight, you gotta kill yourself that night. You have to die that night. You cant go on living. Cause for the rest of your life, youre gonna be known as the dude who grabbed the dudes dick that day in a fight. There goes the dude who grabbed that dudes dick that day in a fight. What was I supposed to do? The dick was on my head. Hey, man, get your dick-grabbing ass out of here, man. Nobody trying to talk to you, dick grabber. Look, I had a thought the other day that scared me. I thought about the fact that my kids are eventually gonna have a stepdad. Thats kind of scary to me. Im gonna tell you why. I start thinking to myself like, What if I cant physically beat the stepdad? Cause I know Im not gonna like the guy. Small problems are gonna become big problems. So in my mind, shit will happen. Like, one day I call the house and in the background, I hear, I said, Put the dishes in the sink. But in my mind, what I heard was, You and your dad can suck my dick in the sink. [looking around] I gotta fight. I gotta fucking fight now. Because Ive thought about it. I wanna be prepared for this day, if it ever happens. So right now, Im currently taking self-defense class. All right, this is no bullshit. This is not a joke. Its the wrong time to mess with me. I know a lot of shit. My teacher just taught me how to take a gun out of somebodys hand. [holding his hand in gun fashion] Like, if somebody points a gun at me like this, [he performs the action with his hand] Im trained to grab your wrist, bend it, take the gun, point it right back at you. No bullshit. I do it all the time in class. Im the best. [cocky look] Its at a point where I had a conversation with my friends, I said, Look, dude, if we out and somebody pulls a gun out, let me handle it, okay? Im the only one here thats trained for this type of combat. He was like, You sure? I said, Trust me, Im sure. Heres how funny life is. Were walking out of the club, right? [leaned down slightly] Im a little tipsy. I get to the car, this guy comes from behind the car. Hed ducked down, he had a gun. [holding his hand like a gun sideways, gangster style] He was like, Everybody get naked. Run that shit, bitch. Get naked. Run it. All my friends got scared and started getting naked. I was calm. Im standing there, Im looking at him. Im even laughing a little bit, cause in my mind, Im like, [wide eyed] You dont even know… what Im trained to do. Right? Thats what Im thinking, right? So he got mad, he says, You think its a game, little nigga? [holding his hand like a gun sideways, gangster style] Run that shit, bitch. Get naked. Run it. And it scared me, because my teacher only taught me to take guns from people holding it like this. [holding his hand like a gun normally] He had it like this. [holding his hand like a gun sideways, gangster style] [crowd laughs] Ive never seen that. We never worked on that in class. So I didnt know what to do. So I got naked. I did exactly what he said. I got naked. My friends were like, Do something. I was like, I cant. Hes a killer. Hes the real deal. This guys the real deal. I got security after that. Actually, thats a lie. Thats a lie. I didnt get security after that. I tried to hire my friend, Wayne, as my security guard. Reason why is because Wayne was big as shit. So I was like, Why would I fucking pay somebody else when I can give you that extra money? You aint got to fight nobody, just look like you would if something were to happen. Hes like, All right, Ill do it. I said, Done. Youre hired. Youre my security guard. Um… Heres why Wayne got fired. Let me tell you why. We were at a club, right? This guy pulls out a gun, shoots it in the air. [using his hand as a gun, he points it up] Bop! Fuck all these bitches! I got scared. Wayne, what should we do? With a straight face, Wayne said, Play dead. [with a confused look] I said, What? Whatd you say? He wouldnt answer me back cause he was in character. He said… [puts his head down and closes his eyes] [crowd laughs] Wayne! [with little jumps] Wayne! Wayne! He gonna go, [looking down] You better shut up before you get shot. What the fuck? After that, I hired this guy named Steve. Now, Steve was the real deal, people. Let me tell you why. Steve made me feel like a star. We went places, Steve moved the crowd. Everybody move! Move! Watch out, Mr. Harts coming through. I never had to look behind me. Steve always had my back. Steve got fired, because we was at a club one day, Im at VIP section, right? VIP is separated from the dance floor by a velvet rope. Im standing behind a velvet rope. I say, Steve, Ive got to go to the bathroom. [moving the rope] The guy operating the velvet rope moves it. Me and Steve walk to the bathroom. I use it, I get done, we come back. The guy operating the velvet rope was talking. Thats fine, Im patient. Ill wait till hes done. Steve felt like I shouldnt have to wait. [picking up the microphone stand] Steve decided to pick me up and place me over the goddamn rope. Let me tell you something, people. Ive never felt more like a bitch in my life. I was like, Steve, no, dont do this, please. My back leg came up. Look at me. Look what youre making me do. Stop, Steve. Youre fucking fired, man. After that, I hired these two ex-cops turned security guards. Now, these guys were very professional. My problem with them was that they were too professional. Like, their level of security was way too advanced for my level of celebrity. Like, I dont… I dont know who they thought I thought I was. I dont know where the miscommunication came, but it was too much. Like, we go to Applebees. True story. Fucking Applebees, okay? Theres a empty booth. I go slide in the booth. [sliding in, with a squeaky noise] [crowd laughs] Thats how I slide in the booth. I love Applebees. [sliding in, saying Applebees] Applebees, Applebees, Applebees. So Im in the booth, right? Im sitting next to the window. He goes, Kevin, switch seats with me. I dont want you sitting next to the window. I said, Why not? He said, There might be a sniper outside. [blank, confused look] Looking for who? Aint no sniper looking for me at no fucking Applebees. No. Im not at the sniper level in my career. Im not there yet. Like, you probably gotta worry about a dude putting his dick on the glass. [spreading his arms out, putting his tongue out, and moving his pelvis] Thats my level. Im at the dick-on-the-glass level. [spreading his arms out, putting his tongue out, and moving his pelvis] Thats my level. Like, the shit that Im afraid of, people dont think about. Im gonna tell you what Im terrified of. Yall are gonna think Im crazy, but Im gonna tell you anyway. Scariest shit in the world to me are bum hands. A bums hands are the scariest shit ever. You could say Im crazy all you want. Im willing to bet you all any amount of money right now, if yall walk outside after this show, and a bum comes up to you and flicks your lip, [flicks his lip] [crowd laughs] bet money youd kill yourself tonight. Bet whatever you wanna bet that youd fucking kill yourself tonight. If you walk outside after this show and a bum comes up to you, Give me a dollar, man. What? Man, you better give me a fucking… [flicks his lip multiple times] [crowd laughs] Give me a fucking dollar, man. [screams, moves and looks crazy] What happened, man? He shoot you? Motherfucker flicked my lip, man. Oh, my God! Thats the scariest shit ever. Like, you gotta get rid of that lip. You cant keep that lip. That lips gotta go. You gotta buy a new lip. I dont even know where to get lips. What would you do if you got jumped by three homeless people, and they held you down? [moving around like his is held down] Get off of me. What is this about? And then the leader come out, and you see him like this. And he… [holding his hand out and then starts flicking his lip] Oh, my God. You know how dirty his hands are? Oh, my fucking God. Thatll be the quickest bump that youve ever gotten in your fucking life. Pow! Bump! That fucking fast. You gotta explain it. Hey, man, is that a fucking herpy? Mmm-mmm. Its a bum bump. What? What the fuck is a bum bump, man? [Hart begins laughing] [crowd laughs] A bum… A bum… Hold on, hold on. I gotta get it out. I gotta get it out. Hold on. Hold on. What the fuck is that, man? its a bum bump. How the fuck you let a bum touch your lip? I thought he was trying to tell me a secret. What? What the fuck was a bum trying to tell you? He tricked me. He was like, Hey, man. [points with his finger then leans his head forward] I said, Huh? [flicks lip] He got me. Thats… [Hart laughs] Get fire on these bitches one time, man. [fire from backstage] [Hart laughs again, so does the crowd] A fucking bum bump. Watch… Watch how yall look at bums when yall leave the show. Watch… Watch how defensive yall are. Excuse me, man, can you spare some change? nigga, what the… Hey, man, you better get your ass out of here, nigga. You out here trying to flick lips, cuz? You out here trying to give a nigga a bum bump, nigga? I know what youre… [Hart laughs again, so does the crowd] You aint gonna give me no bum bump, nigga. You better get the fuck out of here, man. Knock your ass out, man. I dont want no bum bump. No, he got my nigga like that. He told him a secret. My nigga leaned in. Mmm. Fucked his whole shit up. This niggas shit was all bum bumpy for, like, two weeks. [crowd continues to laugh] I really believe shit like that can happen. Im a weird thinker, people, Im a weird thinker. Im glad that Im a weird thinker, though. Me being a weird thinker has made me a better man. Its made me a better father. Let me explain how its made me a better father, okay? Me thinking about my kids eventually having a stepdad is what made me a better father. Cause now, not only is it important for me to make sure that Im around, but I need them to understand who I am and what I represent to their lives. Now, cause I see them so much, I notice everything. Like, my son is at this imagination stage. Like, I thought the shit was a phase. Its not. Its not going away. Like, my son really thinks that hes Spider-Man. On some real shit. And when he gets mad, he webs me. [uses his hand in Spider-Man form and shoots web along with his voice making the web shooting noise] Now, because Im Dad, I just go along with it. [has his hands up and moves around a little] Ahhh! I act like Im caught. This is the shit that makes me laugh. This is how he releases me from the web. [moving his hand in circles] And he walks off. The shits hilarious. Now, its me and my son, were bonding. See, but as a parent, you dont realize the effect that you have on your kids. Whatever you do in the house, your kids are gonna mimic when theyre outside the house. I learned this lesson the hard way. I go pick my son up from camp, right? My son is outside arguing with this little boy over a truck. Im watching. Im not gonna break it up. I want my son to be a boy, let me see how he handles himself. Little boy takes the truck from my son. [pulls away with a noise] My son gets mad, takes the truck back. [pulls back away] Mine! Little boy comes back, punches my son in the back of the head. [smacks the mic with his hand] My son falls. This boy starts whooping my sons ass. Listen, I dont know who was training this little boy, but they were doing an amazing job. This boy could fucking fight, okay? Im not gonna break it up. Im gonna let my son take his ass-whooping. He will learn from it. Im watching. I see this with my own two eyes. My son gets mad, rolls over. [uses his hand in Spider-Man form and shoots web along with his voice making the web shooting noise] [Hart gives a confused look] [crowd laughs] What the fuck are you doing, man? Its not real. What are you doing? The parents are looking at me. Why would you teach him that? Why would you even teach him that? [grabbing and pulling up] I run over, I grab the little boy off of my son. This is the longest walk back to the car that Ive ever had with my son in my life. He just kept looking at his hands. He was like… [walking and looking at his hand] I dont know what happened, Dad. I dont know what happened. So I get mad. Im like, Dude, if somebodys fucking hitting you, you ball your fists up, you hit him back. You dont let nobody hit you. You ball your fists up, you hit him back. Now, he doesnt like it when I come down on him. So he got mad. He webbed me. [uses his hand in Spider-Man form and shoots web along with his voice making the web shooting noise] Now, when he webbed me, I had a choice to make. Do I act like the game that my son believes in isnt real and no longer exists and fuck his imagination up? Or do I allow his imagination to continue to run wild? Hes five. I said, Im gonna let his imagination run wild, act like I was caught. Ah! [has his hands up and moves around a little] Ahhh! This… This is what I heard. This is what my son said. [looking at his hand then looks up] I had it turned off, Dad. [looks disappointed then walks away] Said, What the fuck is going on here? Look, my kids are hilarious, man. I got stories for days about my kids. I took my kids horseback riding, right? This might have been, like, the best worst day that Ive ever had with my kids in my life. I wanted to find a place that was suitable for kids and adults so we could make a day out of it. I find this ranch, right? Me, my kids, my brother, my friends, we all go. We get there, they got ponies. My kids get on the ponies. Theres a smaller trail at the ranch. They ride the ponies around the smaller trail. Me, my brother and my friends, we go on the big horses. Were gonna do the big trail, okay? Heres what happened. Everybody gets on their horses. Theyve got their feet in the stirrups. Theyre ready to go. Im last to get on my horse cause I was filling out the paperwork, Im paying for this shit. I get on my horse. Heres strike one for me. [sitting on the stool with his legs out] I go to put my feet in the stirrups, right? Okay. Okay, this was the problem. [moving his feet around] Like, if I put this foot in, this foot wasnt going to make it. I couldnt get them both in, all right? So I tell the guy. I say, Hey, man, I think I need smaller stirrups. He was like, Dont worry about it. You dont need them. I was like, Mmm. Yes, I do. Cause everybody else has them. I wanna look like everybody else. He was like, Trust me, youll be all right. I was like, I dont trust you. I wanna look like everybody else. He said, Look, do you wanna talk to the instructor? I said, Yes, Ill talk to the instructor. Keep in mind, the instructor is why I chose this ranch. This guy is supposed to be a horse guru. [counting on his fingers as he says…] He was gonna teach us how to physically control the horse. He was gonna teach us the verbal commands, and he personally was gonna take us on the trail. Problem with this guy is he cannot speak English, people, okay? I cant make this shit up. This is the speech that he gave before we started the trail. Word for word. He goes, [with a creepy smile on his face and a strange raspy voice, laughing between most words] Okay. Ooookkkkkaaaaaayyyyyyyy! Okay. Okayyy! Okay. Okay. [gibberish] [moving his arms and legs in for emphasis] Like that! Go, fat guy, kick it! Mmm! Like that, kick twice. Mmm! Like that. All right, lets ride. What the fuck did he say? Did you hear what he said? Hey, man, you gotta say it again for me. I didnt understand what you said. This is how I knew it was bullshit. He said the same thing in the exact same way. He said, Okay. Ooookkkkkaaaaaayyyyyyyy! Okay. Okayyy! Okay. Okay. [gibberish] [moving his arms and legs in for emphasis] Like that! Go, fat guy, kick it! Mmm! Like that, kick twice. Mmm! Like that. All right, lets ride. I said, Were gonna fucking die. Were about to die. My friend said, Kev, stop bitching. Lets just go. Keep in mind, I have no stability. My feet are just dangling [swaying his legs] from the side of the horse. I have nothing to hold on to, except this little stump thing in the middle of the fucking saddle. I said, Fine, I aint gonna say shit else. Lets go. My horse starts to trot. Hes not running, people. Hes trotting. I have no balance, so [swaying his legs again] Im all over the place. Im like this, right? My feet kicked the horse in the stomach. Thats a sign for your horse to speed up. My horse takes off. [wide eyed] Listen to me, people. This nigga took off! Now, Im scared, cause I dont know what to do with my feet. [holing his feet out strait] At one point in time, I panicked, had my feet on his neck. Like, I was like this, right? [bouncing up and down with his legs still extended and a scared look on his face] I was like this. But I couldnt hear shit, cause the wind was blowing. It was like… [moving his hand past his head and blowing into the mic] I hear my friends in the back. Theyre like… Ohhhhhhhhhhhh! Ohhhhhhh! I dont know what theyre saying. I assume that theyre saying, Let go. Thats what I think theyre saying, Let go. [spreading out his hands] So I said, Fuck it! Jesus, take the wheel. Right? I roll off like a black-ass tumbleweed. Bap-bap-bap-bap-bap. My… [Hart laughs] The horse keeps going. My friends and my brother, the instructor, everybody pulls up next to me. Its at a point where Im pissed. Im like, Yo, Im not doing this shit no more. Im out. Fuck this trail. Im done. Im going back, Im getting my kids, Im walking back to the hotel. My boy, Spank, was like, Kev, you cant fucking walk back. Weve been riding for 25 minutes. Its gonna take you, like, an hour to walk back. I said, Fine. I looked at the instructor, I said, Well, youre gonna take me. Youre gonna take me back right now. [reaching down and pulling up] He puts his arm down like this, grabs me, pulls me, picks me up, puts me on the back of his horse. This is why I will never ride a horse again in my life, people. For 25 minutes, for 25 goddamn minutes, Im on the back of this niggas horse. [moving his body like he is riding uncomfortably and awkward] [crowd laughs] I turn around, my friends think its funny. Theyre taking pictures, right? [clicking his fingers like he is taking a picture] I said, Put the camera up! [waving his hand up and down] Put the goddamn camera up! The instructor kicked the horse in the stomach, the horse starts running. He reaches around, grabs my lower back. [Grabbing behind himself] He starts pulling me in, right? [making a thrusting movement] Now, Im scared, so I cant let go, [hugging himself] so Ive got my arms around his stomach. Im fucking the shit out of this nigga in his back. He speed up, I speed up. I gave him, like, 75 pops. The shit that pissed me off, while Im in mid-pump, hes gonna turn around and go, [turning to the side] Lets ride. I said, Man, get the fuck off of me. [stands up and raises his hand] [crowd cheers] New York, its been real. My name is Kev Hart. I fucking love yall, man. I appreciate you. Thank you. Get fire on these bitches one more time, man. [fire from backstage] Thank you, New York. [bows] [crowd continues to cheer] Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Before I go, Im gonna end on a fucking note from the heart right now. Uh… And Im gonna try not to be a bitch and get emotional up here. Dude, I am now one of few to fucking perform as a standup comedian in Madison fucking Square Garden. [getting emotional] [crowd cheers] Hey.. Listen to me. Listen to me. You have no idea the fucking feeling that I have going through my body right now, man. This is a fucking dream come true. [crowd cheers] Hey, this is a fucking dream come true, man. Thank you for being loyal. Thank you for growing with me. Thank you for fucking enjoying me. My name is Kev Hart, I love yall. [raises his hand and walks off stage to the same hip hop song from walking on]

TREVOR NOAH@LIVE AT THE APOLLO@2013@Trevor Noah: Good evening. I grew up in South Africa. Thats where I still live, I enjoy it, grew up there during a time known as Apartheid. For those who dont know, Apartheid was a law in our country that made it illegal for black and white people to interact with one another, you know. This was against the law. And so this world was awkward for me growing up, because I grew up in a mixed family, well with me being the mixed one in the family. My mother is a black woman, Xhosa woman, born in South Africa. Thats one of the languages with the clicks, Xhosa. Xhosa! So a black woman and then my father is Swiss, but they didnt care. They were mavericks, fighting the system. My mum was arrested for being with my dad. She would get fined, she would get thrown into prison for the weekend, but still shed come back and she was like, Woo! I dont care! I dont care! Woo! Cant tell me who to love! I want a white man! Woo! Shes crazy my mum, just crazy. And my dad was also like, well, you know how the Swiss love chocolate. So he was in there, you know. And so – and so they got together and they had me, which was illegal. So I was born a crime, which is something I dont think they ever thought through, because as a family we couldnt live together. You know. Like in the streets, we couldnt even be seen together. My father would have to walk on the other side of the road and he could just wave at me from far like a creepy pedophile. Well, like a pedophile. I didnt have to say creepy, like a pedophile because creepy implies theres some other sort of pedophile. There is none. Theres no classy pedophile. Theres no need, like Afternoon, ladies. Afternoon. Afternoon. No, no, just browsing, just browsing. Hes so classy! No, hes a pedophile. Alright… And, my mum could walk with me. My mum could walk with me, but if the police showed up shed have to let go of my hand and drop me and act like I wasnt hers every single time, because we werent supposed to exist as a family. So my mum would let go. It was like a little game we played. The police would show up like, Woo! Shed be like, Oh! I dont know. I dont know. No, hes not mine. Hes not mine. No, I dont know. It was horrible for me. I felt like a bag of weed. It was a tough time. And – and the downside of being light was that just that being light I was different. People mocked me, gave me names like mixed-breed, half-caste. I hate that term half. Why half? Why not double or twice as nice? I dont know. People give you weird names, I just wanted a cool name, you know. I wanted to be black, to be honest. Thats all I ever wanted. Especially since one day growing up, I met an American and he was shocked that in South Africa we had all these titles. And he said to me, Well, you know, Trevor, if you go out to America, theyll label you as black. I said, Really?! He was like, Oh, hell, yeah! Ha ha ha ha ha — yeah, buddy, everybody is black out there. Yeah! Youd be super black. Well, that sounds good to me, super black! Yeah. And I made a choice like, First chance I get to go out to America, Im going to get a piece of that black. And I did boarded a flight. It was an 18-hour journey, Johannesburg to New York. I didnt sleep a wink. I just sat there in my chair like a madman watching every single black American movie I could find. Just sitting there going crazy, practicing like, Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! You know what I mean? You know what I mean? Yeah! King Kong aint got shit on me! Yeah! Yeah! Im – sorry? Oh the chicken, please. The chicken. Thank you. No, thats fine, thank you. Yeah! Put it in your mouth, yeah! 18 hours of flying, 18 hours of practice. I landed in New York and I was fluent in my black American. Fo shizzle my nizzle. I had everything. I had the walk. I had the talk – I was so black, I was even laughing like Ha! Ha! Ha! Yeah! Ha-ha! Oh, my man! My man! Oh, thats you? Thats you? Ha-ha! That for me is the coolest thing in the world. Black Americans are so cool and confident. Theyll make you feel good about yourself just by asking if you are you. Its magic. Theyll just walk up to you and go, Thats you? Thats you? Nah, nah, for real, man, this you?! And youll be like, Yeah, I think it is! Yeah. And I was that black. I was super black. I was loving it, until this guy walked up to me. I dont know him, he didnt even know me, tapped me on the shoulder in the airport hes like [Spanish Language]. I said, What? Youre talking to me? He said Yeah, Im talking to you, man! Im just saying, we made it, baby. We made it baby, eh? Now that were here, our kind, we got to stick together, hombre. Our kind?! 18 hours of flying and I wasnt black. I was Mexican. Mexican. So I started learning Spanish. If not, why not? And then Ive also started learning German. I learn German to connect with my father. You know. Lost contact with him for many years because of apartheid and so now were starting to learn each other, which is taking time, but were doing it slowly. I think the language will help me you know, because I dont think hes proud of me. He loves me, but I havent earned his pride. I think partly because of my job. As a comedian I dont rank that high in the world of German anythings. Comes across in the small conversations, like one day were having lunch. My dad looks at me and goes, So, Trevor, what do you do now, eh? You got a job? Do you work? I said, Yeah, Dad, Im a comedian, a stand-up comedian. Hes like Oh, yeah, yeah, so the clown, eh? Yeah. No. Whatever. Germans holding me back. You know. I dream of impressing him with his language. Ill get to his house one day. Hell welcome me at the gate, like, Ah, clown boy! Ill be like, Guten tag, vater. Its epic. Its got that feeling. So Ive started learning. I learn in different ways. You know, watch German movies, play German speeches on my iPod when I sleep. Your brain remembers things you dont even know, its beautiful. The only hiccup was it turned out Id downloaded some of Hitlers speeches. Its not like Google warned me. Dont judge me. Google wasnt like, Oh, not those ones! No, it just let me download everything and so I learned some of his nuances, not his philosophies. Its just Ive been told that when I speak German sometimes I sound distinctly Hitler-ish, which I found out in Germany, which is not the best place to find out that youve got Hitler vibes. I would have rather found out at home. And, actually, its funny now, not so much then. I was in Cologne, Germany, beautiful area, Ill never forget. I was walking around and I went into like a little sandwich shop, like one of those Subways where you make your own sandwich and I walked in. The woman was really nice to me. She was like, Guten tag. Kannst ich sie helfen? I looked at her and I thought, confidence, Trevor. Confidence! I said, Guten tag! [German Language] Und ein Pepsi Cola drinken, bitte! And she shat herself. Ill never forget the look on her face. She went pale, she looked me straight in the eye and she said, Der schwarze Hitler! Which means the black Hitler. I was so happy. Yeah, because she said Hitler, but at least she said I was black. You guys have been fantastic. Thanks for having me.

CRAIG FERGUSON@IM HERE TO HELP@2013@– The first time I saw Craig Ferguson, I was in the hospital on morphine, And the nurses came in and I was laughing my head off. And they said, what is going on? Im like, this guys so funny! – Im excited just to be in the same room as Craig. Hes my celebrity crush, actually. Weve already talked about this. I get to go. – I hope tonight he swears… A hundred times! I dont wanna hear the bleep! – Hes got a robot skeleton sidekick, And he calls his fans the robot skeleton army. It all makes perfect sense. – If you watch the show and you dont like it, then I cant help you, cause its the best I can do. So fuck you. – Its a great day for America, everybody! Its a very exciting day for me. Im very, very happy to be here. Here in Washington D.C.! Im very happy to be here. I love this town… With its things. I do, I love it here. Im very excited to be here. Im very excited to be in the historic… No, Im very happy to be here. I know everybody says that. Everybody says, oh, Im so happy to be here! And you cant blame them. You cant blame em. And you cant walk on a stage and go, ah, fuck! Not this dump again! That gets awkward. Even if youre thinking it, which Im not! No, Im very happy to be here! Craig, how can we trust you? How can we trust you? Weve been hurt before. Heres how you know Im genuinely happy to be here. About two years ago– a little less– My wife had a baby. Thanks, everybody! I had sex! Yeah, so theres a little baby. Theres a baby living in my house– An actual living baby in my house. So you know I am fuckin happy to be here. This whole idea of doing a special And stand-up comedy shows Just so I can get a fuckin nights sleep. Thats all it is. I just want a night in a hotel, Some room service, and some porn. Thats all I want. Something delicious, and then room service. Dont worry, Im not just here to get away from my children. Ive got a joke for you. Ive got a joke, dont worry. Im sure I do. I do! I have a joke– A joke for you told to me by my friend drew carey When he was fat. Thats important– when he was fat and funny. Not this thin drew carey. Not this thin, Orville Redenbacher motherfucker That he is now. Fat drew carey! Fat! When he was funny. Because fat is where comedy is stored. Thats what I tell anybody that sees me naked. Im like, what are you talking about? These are my jokes. Theres titters. Theres a couple of titters here. People tittering, there like a… And theres my big finish. Here. I dont want you to get the wrong idea. Im not just here to get away from my children. Im not. I love my children. Of course I do. Theyre beautiful… Whatever their names are. Theyre gorgeous. No, they are. I love my kids, I do. And I was– I adore them. I was right there when they were born. I was right there when they were… Conceived. I think. You cant be sure. One of thems Asian. Thats not true. That would be awkward though, wouldnt it? Like, congratulations, mr. Ferguson. Look! An Asian baby. No, I was definitely, you know, there– Well, I dont know if I was there when they were conceived cause, you know, conception takes place up to 24 hours later after sex, you know, in the womans body. So I mightve been doing what I do after sex, which was standing by the refrigerator crying. Im a dirty whore. Anyway, I was definitely in the room when my kids were born. I was right there in the room. I watched that baby come flying out and then the other thing come flying out after the baby. Im like, what the fuck is that! Whats that thing! Theyre like, dont worry about that. Dont worry about it? Its the same size as the baby! What the fuck is it! Like, what is it? Ive only budgeted for one. Does that go to college? What is that thing? What is it, the kit? What is it? Theyre like, dont worry about it. Im like, I am worried about it! Theyre like, no, no. And the doctors and nurses going, oh, isnt it so beautiful? Isnt this such a beautiful experience? Im like, its all right for you to talk like that. Youre only here for the day. Ive gotta come back to this area later on with a completely different agenda. Ive watched this baby coming out, I was like, ahhh! Agghhhh! Agghhhhhh! Oh! Im gay. One of my wifes friends said to me, after she had the baby– Well get on with the joke in a minute. One of my wifes friends said to me, after she had the baby, now, dont pressure her into having sex again too soon. Im like, too soon? After what Ive seen, I dont know if I ever want to have sex again. But it goes away, that feeling. Im assured. No, but I love my kids, I do. Children are our awesome. Theyre great. I believe theyre our future. Its just when theyre babies– Anyone whos got a baby knows– Anyone whos got kids– Babies are fuckin unreasonable shits! They are! I mean, kids are beautiful. Theyre adorable. Oh, its Christmas in their little pajamas and shit. But, oh, my god! When theyre babies, theyre fuckin evil! Theyre screaming and the poo. And they go, agghhhh! They cry over it. You cant reason with a baby. You cant talk to them. You cant say, come on. Ive put on your diaper, I fed you. Whats wrong with you? They just cry over every argument youve got. They cry right over the top of you. Its like living with Glenn Beck. Ha, theres a risky joke in d.C. At the same tim– Its like living with a psycho midget German prostitute! Which I have done, actually. In Amsterdam in 1987 for a little while. But its the screaming and the poo, The screaming and the poo. Its like, ahh! I mean, my wife is great. But the screaming and the poo! And the babys like that as well, The screaming and the poo! And its the sleep deprivation that drives you fuckin crazy. I havent slept in two years. Really. Its not like they keep you awake all the time. They wait. Theyre evil little shits. They wait. They wait. They wait until they see you falling asleep. Theyre like– Gahhhhh! Ba-gahhhh! Everybody in here whos had a baby at some point has thought, I think my kid might be the Antichrist. One of us is right. Sleep deprivation is weird, though. It makes you think really weird thoughts. You know that studies have proven– My own studies have proven this. No, this is true. Studies have proven that three days without sleep has exactly the same effect on your body as a tab of acid. And Im talking real acid, not the shit that you kids take today. Or that, oh, this ecstasy! Im trippin. Its just like acid. Look, Im trippin' Look at– youre not trippin. Look at you walking around, talking, breathing, Being able to converse, dance and shit. Thats not trippin. Thats coffee, you little fuck! Im talkin acid! Im talkin acid! Im talkin… Saigon… I took too much acid. I did. I took a lot of acid. I know thats probably a surprise to you, but I did. I did. I took too much– heres what happened. I took it once, and I thought, oh, my god, this is horrible! So I took it about 30 more times, Just to make sure. And I didnt do acid the right way. I mean, youre meant to take acid by a stream, by a river, with unicorns and the babies and lovely– Ahh ahh ahh ahh ahh Ahh ahh ahh ahh I didnt do it like that. I did acid in Glasgow in the 1970s, And we did it once the bars closed. We would drink all day– All day in rainy old Glasgow– And then, at 11:00, when the bars shut, Somebody would say, anybody fancy a fuckin transcendental experience? Ive got acid. And wed take acid after drinking all day. And that is not the way to do it. I– Its not. You know, I once took acid After 12 pints of Guinness. You may well judge me, you fuck. Never do acid after 12 pints of Guinness. Theres your p.S.A., kids. Dont do acid after 12 pints– Just dont do it. Its horrible! Leprechauns flew out of my ass! I was, like, aah! aaaah! How many are there? Aah! aaaaaah! aa– aaaaaaaaah! Aa– a! Final– and they were like, hee hee! Touch his lucky charms on the way. I did too many drugs is what Im saying. I did too many drugs. And when I say I did em, I fuckin did em. I didnt experiment with them. You know when people say, oh, yeah, when I was in my Late teens and 20s, I experimented with drugs? No, you fuckin didnt. Youre not a scientist. You didnt experiment with em. And experiment is you get a white coat, You get the drug, you feed it to the dog, You film it, you put it on YouTube. Thats a fuckin experiment! Thats–thats science. Its not science to blow a dealer for crack. Thats not science. Thats art. Anyway, you know, sleep deprivation is bad, But the drugs is worse, so I dont do em anymore. I dont do drugs, dont do that. Thats not to say– Im not one of these people that stopped taking drugs and then to say you all have got to stop too. You know when people, they stop taking drugs, they get very evangelical? Its like, Ive stopped taking drugs. Now you must all stop taking drugs. I dont feel that way about it. I-I feel like Ive got a connection with you guys. I think my aud– I think we have a thing. And I want you to know, from the bottom of my heart, I really mean this. I really do. I dont give a fuck what you do. Ive got kids. Youre fuckin grown-ass people. You can do what you fuckin like. Oh, you know the people that go on tv, And they think they can tell other people how to live cause theyre on tv. Dont drink, dont– Its not that hard to get on tv. Im on fuckin tv! Honey boo boo is on tv! Honey boo boo! Like, what? And people have a hard time with my accent? I mean, what the fuck is this? These people sound like theyre yodeling underwater. Heres my honey boo boo. I dont– I dont subscribe to that. I dont like people going on tv And telling other people how to live, like dr. Phil. Doctor– fuck you, dr. Phil. Youre not even a fuckin doctor. Dr. Phil. Hmm, lets have a look at this. Dr. Phil. Whats your problem with dr. Phil, Craig? Well, its the fact hes not a fuckin doctor! what are you talking about, Craig? Hes dr. Phil. Thats right. Thats his name–dr. Phil. Its not his qualifications. Hes Phil mcgraw, phd. Phd? Isnt that a doctorate? Fine, you let him take out your fuckin appendix, motherfucker. Hes not a doctor. Craig, are you saying Oprah lied to us? Yes! Ive gotta keep moving now. Oprahs people have scopes. Gayle, up in the balcony. you motherfucker, I tell ya… Dr. Phils not a doctor, hes a phd. Like, if your appendix bursts tonight– Dr. Phils there, or a doctor. Who you going with? Exactly! Its not that hard to get on tv and tell people how to live. The fuckin Kardashians are on tv! Not that Im against that, actually, Im not. That there Kim Kardashians got a lovely ass. She has. Theres always room in show business For someone with a lovely ass. Thats how I got started. Make way for leprechauns. No, great asses cause a lot of fuckin problems. Ive lost half my stuff twice due to great asses. Thats all my stuff once. No, a lot of trouble in the world caused by great asses. War–wars, human suffering is caused by great asses. The first documented war in human history– The siege of Troy, the Trojan war– That was caused by a great ass. Helen of Troy, renowned for her great ass, was living in Greece. And she was visited by Paris, from Troy. He was, like, ooh, thats a lovely ass. Come live with me in Troy. and shes like, okay. And she went to live in Troy with him. And the Greeks were furious. They marched over to Troy. show us her ass. How dare you! And the Trojans, who I always imagined to be french, for some reason, were like, no, you cant see her ass. Im lookin at it right now. I think Ill rub butter on it. Garlic butter. Ten years the siege of Troy went on. Ten years! And then, eventually, the Greeks were like, you know what? Fuck you! were going home. We left you a horse. And the Trojans– The Trojans, who were fuckin stupid, Lets be honest– The Trojans are people who named themself after a condom! Like, how did they die out? Guess, motherfucker. The Trojans see the horse, theyre like, oh, look, they left us a lovely horse. whats this? Oh, thank you for the war. Thats nice. Bring it inside. I mean, even if they just listened for a second at the side of it, youd have heard, like, shut up. no, you shut up! I thought we agreed no farting in the horse. I cant help it. I get nervous before a battle. Siege of troy caused by a great ass. The war between the roman empire and ancient Egypt. Caesar, Antony and Cleopatra. That was all about Cleopatra having a fantastic ass. She had a great ass, and Mark Antonys like, Im going to Egypt. Fuck you. And then Caesar was furious, and he got his army together, And they marched on Egypt. He was like, show us her ass! Show us her ass! Show us her ass! cause Romans spoke with British accents, apparently. They do. They–if you see any movie About ancient Rome, they always talk in British accents. Like, Caesar, a messenger. oh, lovely. Bring it over. Im just having tea. sire, some news from downton abbey. really? Come on over here. Its true. All movies about ancient Rome, The Romans talk with British accents, Which is ridiculous– theyre Italians. Theyd be like, hey, whats a comin a go? But you watch any movie about ancient Rome, theyre– Or any of these ancient movies. If you want to make an ancient thing, you know, Ancient movies and the like, Everyone talks with British accents. Which really fucks me off, because I cant concentrate. It takes me out of the movie. I always expect something weird to happen because I watched a lot of Monty Python When I was a kid. A lot! So whenever I hear them go, Caesar. yes? What? I always expect, like, A little bunny rabbit or something to come. Or a giant drawing of a hedgehog or something To come out. Even the good ones– even the ones like, you rem– You know that movie the 300? That is a fuckin great movie. And my buddy gerry butler is in that movie. He plays the king of the Spartans. Now, Ive– Ive known Gerry for twent– Did you see Gerrys abs in that movie? Holy crap! Theyre awesome. I saw him after I saw the movie. Im like, Gerry, your fuckin abs in that movie, Theyre amazing. He was like, yeah, I worked really hard. I went, yeah, man, it was great. He went, not just that. Heres the thing. they do thing thing– they put makeup on it, and then they king of cgi it so your abs look really great. I was like, oh. He said, now, dont tell anybody. So I didnt. No, I just made that up. Anyway, all Im saying, in that movie– I dont know why I told you that. cause Im a shit, thats why. No, in that movie, where Gerry has that great speech, you know. But I still– I still hear Monty Python. Like, even when he has that great speech. When hes like, tonight we dine in hell! And I keep expecting someone to say, what are we having? what the hell are you talking about? well, you know, Im a vegetarian. so is Michael. I just wondered if theres a vegetarian option in hell. Or maybe we should pack something. Look, all Im saying is wars have been started Over great asses. Great asses cause a lot of problems, a lot of wars. You know, Cleopatra, Helen of troy. Who else? Um, Hitler. Hitler had a great ass, Craig? Yeah, fuck it. Okay, lets see where that goes. No, Hitler– Hitler did have a great ass. Its an unpleasant fact of history, But we have to face it. Many of the Nazis had great asses Due to the marching. Thats what it was. Adolf, your buns are so firm and tight. What is your secret? oh, you know, just diet and goose stepping. this is my thing. mm… Mm… ooh, feel the burn. Ooh, thats when you know its working. I dont know that many Nazis did that, but… Maybe they should have. Good ol Nazis, thats what I say. Thats a phrase you dont hear often. Good ol Nazis. No, listen, Nazis are very useful If youre in my line of work Because, you know, its the one group of people You can really fuckin stick it to, and nobody cares. Like, no matter what I say about Nazis, Its very unlikely Im gonna get a letter Or a tweet or an email tomorrow from somebody saying, dear craig, I am a nazi, and I am very upset… At this negative stereotyping of nazis. cause even if you are a nazi, and Ive upset you, Fuck you, youre a nazi! Even–even the neo-nazis– neo, of course, means new. The neo-nazis. Well, whats new about you? well, we March up and down, and we hate ethnic minorities. Im like, thats not fuckin new. Thats the same as the old nazis. You wanna be a new nazi, You gotta bring something new to the party. Bedazzle that swastika, mister. Lets see some heels in those jack boots. I gotta move, cause these guys definitely got scopes. No, nazis are just useful if you do what I do Because, you know, theres only two groups of people You can talk about with any degree of safety. Everyone else is very, very touchy. And I dont mean touchy like mr. Macgoogin That used to live next door to me when I was a kid. Thats right, laugh at my pain, ya bastards! craig, Ive got some change in my pocket. Thats rubbish. Hes a lovely man. No, everyone is very, very sensitive. Everyones very, very– you cant talk about anyone. Theres only two groups of people You can talk about with any degree of safety– Nazis and canadians, thats it. Thats it. Nazis–who gives a fuck if you upset nazis? And canadians–cause canadians have figured out– Theyre very smart, they figured it out. They have realized its a fuckin joke! Canadians are like, oh, oh, yes, thats right. Its a fuckin joke! To be honest, canadians are just happy to be included. Its just like, hes talking about us. I know, I know. Were on our way. Not that Im comparin– Im not comparing nazis to canadians. Theyre not the same at all. Nazis, bastards. Canadians, lovely. Lovely people, canadians. Gentle, civilized, beautiful people. Till you give em a hockey stick. Then they lose their fuckin minds! Like aaaaaah! I dont know why the canadian army bothers With tanks and guns and bombs and shit. They should just give the guys hockey sticks And go, there you are, boys. The taliban have the puck. Aaargh! Sorry! But thats all you can talk about, Nazis or canadians. I–apparently I can upset large groups of the community Without even fuckin knowing Im doing it. I got into terrible trouble recently With the transgender community, who were very upset with me. There were, you know, emails and tweets And letters to the show. They had this parade up to the show. I mean, a fabulous parade. It looked great. But they were– And they were really mad at me, and I was like, Whoa, fuck, I dont want be hating on the transgenders. Not at all. So, you know, I got in– I got in touch with their– their chair– Their, uh– I got in touch with their chief. The chie–the chie– chief transgender, craig? yes, their tribe. Uh… The transgenders. No, I got in touch with a prominent member of– No, see, thats not a good way of saying it either. I dont even mean to do this! I got in touch with a well-respected figure In the transgender community. Im like, what the fuck, man? I didnt say man. I said, like, what the fuck? Like, I dont want to he hating. Why are you guys so mad at me? I dont–I dont– you got me wrong. Im not hating on you. What happened? He said, well, you do these sketches on your show. You did this sketch on your show. I went, I know theyre shit. Youre overreacting. Hes like, no, no, no. In one of the sketches, You wore a dress, and it was very disrespectful. Im like, oh, fuck, thats it? well, you should know Ive been disrespecting you at home as well. actually, one night in amsterdam 1987, I was downright fuckin rude to your entire community. Good time. But I dont want to be hating on transgenders. I really dont. I mean, if youre a transgender person, And youre here tonight, first of all, you look great. And secondly, good choice in d.C. Yes. Whos to know? Hey, I never said a fuckin thing. You thought it. I didnt say shit. No, I dont want to be hating on transgenders, I dont wanna– Transgender, by the way– If you dont know what transgender is, First of all, what? Transgender is someone who believes theyre trapped In the wrong physical body. A man trapped in a womans body, a woman trapped in a mans body. You know, thats a tough place to be. I dont want to be hating on someone whos in that position. I sympathize with that. I empathize with that. I look at my own naked body in a mirror and Im like, look at–fuck, look at me. Im a man trapped in the body of a middle-aged woman. Look at me. Im not even a hot middle-aged woman. Im like an out of shape delta flight attendant. Look at my saggy little tits and my flat ass. On the upside, though, I do seem to have an enormous clitoris. thats too much? All right, thats too much. All right. Well, we found the edge. Youre right, that was too much. But while were on the subject, Is it clitoris or cli-toris? clitoris or cli-toris? Theres always a big argument In my house all the time. Like clitoris, cli-toris, clitoris, cli-toris.' Im like, honey, why are we arguing about this thing? It doesnt exist. Oh, its a fuckin joke! Its a joke! Look at me! You think I dont know my way around a clitoris? Look at me! Ive spent half of my damn life doing this. Oh, god. Ive been doing this around the world. Counterclockwise for american girls, Clockwise for australian girls. I can do the clitoris. I can do your clitoris from here. Look, this is me doing it. Mmm. You feel that? Thats me. whoo! Hey. pow. craig, its like youre a magician. Yes, it is. Youre right, that was too far. clitoris, cli-toris, clitoris, cli-toris. I suggest a name we can all agree on. How about ladycock? Ill take that as a yes, there. Now look, I dont want to be hating on transgenders. I dont believe in hating on people for what they are. Its not my thing, man. Im, like, love all the people. Like, fuck this. Im like a hippie, you know, Except Im angry and scottish and clean. Its very difficult to be a hippie if youre scottish. You cant really do it. Its cause of the, you know, the easy sexual thing. It was like, well, fuck, no. Oh, no. Its not that we believe sex is sinful. We dont. We just believe its sinful if you enjoy it. To this day–Ive lived in america 20 years. But to this day, whenever– you know, during an orgasm, I still try and look stoic. Even if Im on my own. Anytime, Im like, ah, thats–thats very nice, right? mm-hmm. oh, yeah. and thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much. See you next time, regis. And thats really the way it is. Oh, its a fuckin joke. Relax. Or is it? No, I dont believe in hating on people. I mean, fuck that. Lifes hard enough. I dont want to be hating on people. I also think its bad karma. It comes back and gets you anyway, If you start all that fuckin oppressing people. Like, it seems to me every couple of months, Theres always some fiery preacher whos always like, I hate the gays. I hate the gays. I hate the gays. Oh, I hate the gays with their sweater vests and their house hunters international. I hate the gays. I hate the gays. And they hate the gays. And then they get caught in a massage parlor Blowing an Armenian sailor. Now if this happened once, Id let it go. But it hasnt just happened once. It happens every couple of months. And you fuckin know Im telling the truth. Every couple of months, theres like, I hate the gays. I hate the gays. I hate the gays. I hate the gays. I hate the gays. Id go as far as to say if you are really interested In oppressing and hating the gays, It might be a sign youre gay. So you know, before you begin your system of oppression, You might want to, you know, just try some gay things. Gentle gay things, mild gay things. Put some scatter cushions out. Shave with the grain. Suck a cock or two. Im here to help. Suck a cock or two, see what– If you dont like it, who loses? No, no, youre right. Thats too far. Is it? I dont know. I dont think so. Look, I have to say, I dont–I dont– Ive been all over the United States. Really, Ive been in every state in the union. Ive performed in every state in the union. Ive been all over, and I have to tell you, 99 % of americans that Ive met Dont give a fuck about what youre doing or what youre up to as long as you stay the fuck off of their property. I dont give a fuck what you wear or who you do it with, But you stay the fuck off of my lawn. And thats it. Its just–you know, its just easier To look at other peoples shit. Then you dont have to look at your own. There you are. Wheres my fuckin phd? Thats it. Thats it. Thats why the gossip, you know, websites And the tabloid magazines are always, like, Fuckin in other peoples shit. But you know what? Im fuckin sick of it. Im fuckin sick of it. Im sick–every time I go in a fuckin supermarket, Theres all these tabloids around, and then its always brad pitt, jennifer aniston, angelina jolie— Whats gonna happen now? who gives a fuck? I dont care. Seven years this shits been going on. brad pitt, jennifer aniston, angelina jolie– Whats gonna happen now? Whats gonna happen now? I dont care. If you dont know the story, very briefly, heres what it is. Just very briefly, heres apparently what happened. Brad pitt and jennifer aniston were very happily married, And they used to live in a lovely house in malibu. And they were asleep one night. And while they were asleep, angelina jolie Crept into their house. And she was wearing– She was wearing a striped shirt, And she had a bag with a dollar sign on it. And she stole brad pitt. Stole him like he was a fuckin toaster. Im like, come on! I dont believe this shit for a minute. And they always paint it as, like, you know, Brad pitts this kind of dumb guy. Hes like, I dont know. And angelina jolies like, Like snidely fuckin whiplash. And poor jen, her heart has been broken one more time. Like, oh, for fuck sakes, come on. Men cant be stolen away like that Just cause another hot woman comes along. I cant finish this without laughing. No, wait, thats not true. Were not that shallow. I know that you think were shallow, ladies, But were not that shallow. Well, not after the age of 40. Then we just get, you know, like, fuck it. Im good here. Id need to move all my stuff. Its fine. You know a perfect example of that is the actor warren beatty. Warren beatty, for, you know, for 30 years– The 60s, the 70s, the 80s– Warren beatty shagged everybody, everybody. He was like, hi, how you doing? Im warren beatty. whats up, baby? Warren beatty. Hey, welcome to australia. Im warren beatty. He shagged everybody. Then he met annette bening, and he just–boom–stopped. And the tabloids were like, whoa, Annette Bening must know that trick you can do with your finger. You know that trick? You get yourself a gay friend, hell sort you right out. Or a doctor. Or a gay doctor friend. It dont matter. Look, just learn the fuckin trick. No, but the tabloids were like, whoa. Oh, no. What does annette bening have that all these other women dont have? I say, I tell you what she has, a fuckin tired warren beatty. Thats what she has. Hes like… Warren Beatty shagged everybody for 30 years, And now hes in his mid-70s, he has three teenage daughters. Karmas a bitch, aint it? Anyway, brad pitt, angelina jolie, and jennifer aniston. Oh, brad. And angelina. And jennifer– oh, poor jennifer! Her heart has been broken. Im like, shut the fuck up. come on, Jennifer anistons a very capable, successful woman. Stop this. Shes a– and if Jennifer aniston had done What a smart woman does when she marries someone, shed still be married to brad pitt. When a smart woman wants to stay married to a guy, after the wedding, she fattens him up a little bit. Not too much. Just enough to slow the fucker down in case he gets any ideas. have some dessert, honey. Youve been working so hard. I love your little love handle, little muffin tops. Fatten him up a little bit, get him to wear a lot of sweaters, maybe. A lot of knitwear, a lot of sweaters with little patterns on them. The that guys think theyre little patterns, but theyre not patterns. Theyre hieroglyphics other women can read. It says, back off, bitch. Fattys mine. If Jennifer aniston had played her cards right, six months after she married brad pitt, Hed have looked like alec baldwin, Hed have dressed like regis, shed still be married. But oh, no. She had to keep him hot. So in the middle of the night, In comes the husband stealer. Angelina jolie– what a bitch. What a bitch, with her six children, three of whom were adopted from war-torn countries. What a bitch. Angelina jolie, that husband-stealing bitch that gave $10 million to charity last year. What a bitch. Angelina jolie, the U.N. Ambassador for children– What a fuckin bitch! Calling angelina jolie a husband stealer Is like calling hitler a vegetarian. Its true, but its hardly the fuckin story, is it? That is true. Hitler was a vegetarian. He was. They dont tell you that at whole foods, do they? do you know who else was a vegetarian? Hitler. give me some sausages. Its true. Hitler was a vegetarian. He was a teetotaler. He didnt drink. He didnt smoke. And he was an artist, too. He used to do little landscapes, little watercolors. If he wasnt the worst prick who ever lived, Hed probably have his own show on npr. that would be awesome. well, its been a quiet week here in berlin. craig, this may be going too far. I know. then why are you doing it? I dont care. surely you must care a little bit. Not much. Nah, hitler wouldnt want to be on npr, anyway. Hed want to be on fm. Hed want his own morning zoo show, A drive-time in the morning show. Thatd be hitler, yeah. Hed want his own posse. Hed be like, welcome to drive time in the morning With hitler, goebbels, und Mel Gibson. Yeah, that would be better, yeah. hey, whats the traffic like this morning, Mel? well, its a little backed up on the freeway. I blame the jews. I was very surprised to find out that mel gibson was a nazi. I did not see that coming in the movie what women want. I was very surprised to find out that mel was a nazi, But not as surprised as the city council of the town of sterling, In scotland, who after the movie Braveheart, came out, Decided they were gonna put up a statue To the great Scottish patriot William Wallace, Who was played by Mel Gibson in that movie very well. So they put up a statue of mel fuckin gibson Right in the middle of town. And then it comes out mels a nazi. And they were like, aw, fuck! one of you kids get up there and draw a little mustache On that thing. Then everyone in hollywood was saying, oh, come on. Mel gibsons not a nazi, he was just drunk. Im like, really? You can get that drunk? I was a blackout drunk for 15 years. I never went third reich on anybodys ass at any point. Hows that? It was like, maybe Im a lightweight. Thats what it is. I was one tequila away. Im like, Im staggering. Im staggering. okay, one more. Oh, Im goose-stepping. Im goose-step– Then, when he gets caught being a nazi, Mel Gibson did what everybody in Hollywood does when they get caught being a fuckin jerk. He runs away to rehab. Rehab in Hollywood is like safe When youre playing games as a kid. Its like, oh, oh, oh, rehab. rehab. Yeah. I blame the Jews. Rehab. Which pisses me off, cause I went to rehab. Its true. I went to rehab 20 years ago For chronic alcohol and cocaine addiction, Which seems a little unfair to me, Because although I did drink a lot, and I certainly took a lot Of cocaine, I never thought of myself as a cocaine addict. I always thought cocaine was just a kind of vitamin That helped you drink more. I still kind of believe that. But its true. I went to rehab. You can go to fuckin rehab for anything now. It doesnt have to be anything like that. You can go to rehab for anything. I went to a Hollywood party– this is true–recently. And this guy came over to me, and he was like, hey, youve been very open about your struggles With drink and drugs. Im like, its not really a struggle. I havent had them for a long time. He was like, yeah, but youve been very open About your past with it. Im like, well, it is what it is. And he said, well, I have a substance abuse problem. I was like, oh, really? Whats your thing? Hes like, chocolate. I was like, oh, man. You know what you should do? You should go fuck yourself. He was like, oh, man, thats harsh. Im like, no, no, youre a fuckin idiot! Youre not addicted to chocolate. Shut up. If youre here tonight, and you think Youre addicted to chocolate, youre not–youre stupid! I know you think youre–I mean, I know what its like. Ive eaten too much chocolate in my life. I understand that. Sometimes you eat A little too much chocolate, you go, oh, I feel bad. But its different. Ive never gone out, and I thought, mm, Im just gonna have an almond joy. Then you have an almond joy and go, oh, fuck! Ive got to have more almond joys. I got to have another one. I got to have more. oh, get a snickers bar up my ass. I got to get a snickers bar. oh, pour hershey all over my tits, hershey over my tits. I got to rub chocolate all over fuckin– ah, stick it in my taint. I got to have chocolate all over me. Ah, chocolate, chocolate, chocolate! Then wake up three days later on the floor of a piggly wiggly with a sore ass and a tattoo. Thats fuckin addiction. But theres also a downside. Look, Im not judging you. If you think youre addicted to chocolate, Then youre just a fuckin idiot. Im not saying there arent other pathologies. I understand there are different pathologies. I understand there are different addictions. But its hard to know whats what. You cant pathologize the human condition. I mean, there are some things you go, wait a minute, Youre just a fuckin asshole. Like, the–like sexual addiction, right? Sexual addiction. I understand theres a problem there. I understand theres a compulsive behavior. But how do you know when youre a sex addict or just you? well, let me tell you… No, there was a very big Hollywood star that got into terrible trouble with sex addiction. I wont say his name, cause hes on the show a lot, and it would be a little disloyal. So lets just call him blavid bluchovny. Did you just fuckin tell him who blavid bluchovny is? I think its jack black. Its not jack black! Holy shit. I know you people dont give a fuck about Hollywood, But really? Anyway, I dont know if blavid bluchovny is really a sex addict. I mean, the last time he was on the show, I went to his dressing room, and I was eating a banana in front of him… Doing this. Its very difficult to do that and eat a banana at the same time. I was, I was, like, wearing a low-cut top. And nothing happened. Nothing at all. He just kept crying and asking me to unlock the door. I was like, put the lotion in the basket. Put the fuckin lotion in the basket. Im getting very concerned that my Silence of the Lambs Impression is getting very like my Mick Jagger impression. Put the fuckin lotion in the fuckin basket. No, Im just saying. Look, Im not–what happens, Its Hollywood, I think, does this. Hollywood tries to, you know, pathologize everything. It lets everybody off the hook. I mean, Hollywood is– what happens is, these ideas, They take place in Hollywood. Strange ideas take place in Hollywood. And then Hollywood exports pop culture. So it goes out, and it gets into the mainstream. And thats why people believe fuckin stupid shit. See, I live in Hollywood. And let me tell you something, There are more douche bags per square foot in Hollywood than anywhere Ive been in my life. And I include fuckin England. Im not kidding. Like, and its not like– not everybodys bad. Im not saying that. But there are– You know, theres, like, two basic types Of people in hollywood. You got the gullible people, who are not that bad. You know, they go to hollywood to be discovered. They go, Ive got to be discovered. What do you think you are, penicillin? And theyre not bad people. Theyre just stupid and a bit greedy. I mean, I get it. I was like that too, And still am a bit. But its the people that prey on them that are weird. You know, the people that say, you better believe what I believe, or you wont be discovered. better give me your money. you better believe what I believe. you better, you know… Psychology is bad. Youll die if you do any. Thank you. One psychiatrist in the back going, finally, something for me. for I am a nazi… who practices psychology. Im an unusual man, I admit. Anyway, what Im saying is, you know, Its just that Hollywood– these weird fuckin ideas start happening in Hollywood. And then, because Hollywood exports the, you know, Pop culture, it gets into the fuckin mainstream. And then weird shit gets believed. Like, this is true. In Hollywood, theres, you know, just, like, normal people you think are normal. And theyve got such weird fuckin ideas. Theres a friend of my wifes, a lovely woman. Friend of the family, really. Shes a lovely woman. You know, her kids go to the same school as my kids. You know, shes a soccer mom, drives her kids to school, All that, just, like a normal, regular woman. Except every couple of months, in order to get rid of the negative energy in her body, she puts a hens egg in her vagina. That may be the noise she makes as it goes in as well. I dont know, it depends if its been in the refrigerator or not. All Im saying is– she does. She puts a hens egg in her vagina. You know, her own vagina, not my wifes vagina. No, I–no. No, she puts– She puts a hens egg in her vagina. And Im thinking, look, thats dangerous. That is dangerous. What if you were out somewhere, and that hatched? is your vagina clucking? would you like it to? Look, Im not trying to rain on your parade. If you want to put, you know, an egg in your vagina, Youre just an idiot. No, its just stupid. I mean, my wife said to her, does this work? Really, honestly, does it work? She said, you know, it does. I know it sounds weird, but it does. Whenever I take it out, I feel such a sense of relief. Like, yes! I dont even have a vagina. The idea of a hens egg in my vagina makes me uncomfortable. I fell victim to that kind of thinking too, though. When I first moved to Hollywood, I was very, very twitchy. I had just gotten sober. I was very, very twitchy and very volatile, Very–ooh, even twitchier than I am now. I was like–you know when Daffy Duck drinks a potion in a cartoon or something? And its like… Like that twitchy. And I was like that all the time. So, you know, the only employment I could get is that of an actor, cause you can do that if youre insane and stupid. Yes, you can. Heres how you do it. You pretend things. Its like, oh, it was very hard work in this movie. really? What did you do? we pretended things. oh, fuck, that must have been really hard. Heres how you do acting. Oh, whats that over there? Theres nothing there. I just–I fuckin acted right there! Anyway, one day– I was working as an actor, And I was working with this very new age actress, a very nice woman, a lovely woman, A very caring person, but very new age and very Hollywood, and very all that, kind of, you know, eggs and all that kind of stuff. And when we werent on the set together, Id visit her in her trailer. No, I would visit her in her trailer. And I was so twitchy and upset. And she said, baby, your problem isnt alcoholism. I was like, it isnt? Fuckin great. Lets get drunk. Shes like, no, no, no, no. honey, your problem isnt alcoholism. Your problem is that your aura is misaligned. Your aura is all out of whack. And Im like,my aura? What, you mean, Im farting? Shes like, yeah, but no. No, what happened–your aura, baby, its all out of whack. You need to have your aura worked on. You need to have an aura adjustment. You need to go and have an aura massage. Im like, youre fuckin high. Shes like, you got to go, or no more visits to my trailer. Im like, okay. So I went. I went to this place. It really exists. Its in Hollywood. Its an aura massage spa where you can go and have your aura massaged. And I went. And I walked in. And its just like regular spa place you go for a massage, You know, the people wearing the white coats And the little rocks and the little trees and the little fountain and the Enya music playing and all that stuff. And like any guy going for a massage, Im thinking, am I gonna get jerked off here? I mean, you know its not gonna happen, but it might happen. I mean, its not gonna happen, but it might happen. This might be the one time when the therapist goes, you know, this is unethical, but I can see the problem. Here, let me just take a… I try and instigate it now. You know when they say, any problem areas? Like, I have a lot of tension right here. You know, you dont want it to happen, but it might, and you want to be ready. Thats why straight guys always ask for a female therapist. Cause you think, well, if Im gonna get jerked off, Id prefer if it was a lady. You know its not gonna happen, but it might. Look, any guy that says to you if he goes for a massage that doesnt go through his head, hes fuckin lying to you. That goes through your head. You know its not gonna happen, but it might. Thats how you can tell when a guys been for a legitimate massage. He comes out relaxed and a little bit disappointed. Its like, how was your massage, honey? Like, ah, its good. Its great. Really got my shoulder. Anyway, so I go to get my aura massage, and its just like a regular massage. You know, you lie on the table, take your clothes off, towel over your junk. Big towel. Big, giant beach towel over my junk. And then the massage treatment is exactly the same As a regular massage. The therapist comes in, very nice young woman. And its the same as a regular massage, except this is the therapists hands, Then this is a foot of air, and then theres you. And in here is your aura. Im like, are you fuckin shitting me? But, you know, they really sell it. So you know, you dont want to be an asshole. And they say all the same things, like, hows the pressure there? And Im like, good, good. Thats great. And theyre fuckin doing it. And Im like, I am such a fuckin tool for being here. And shes saying all these things like, oh, theres a knot there. And Im like, oh, yeah, thats the spot, yeah. I felt such a prick. And I was actually getting tense and angry and angrier at myself, and angrier and angrier. I was so fuckin tense, by the time she finished– I was so relieved, I felt as if I had a hens egg removed from my vagina. And then, when I went to go and write the check… You know, I was at the receptionist. And the receptionist said, when you make out the check, make it to the aura, you know, Chakra Chiropractic Clinic. And Im like, this is chiropracty? And she said, no, no, no. But if you call it that, you can claim it on your insurance. And I was like, oh… Doesnt that fuck with your aura? And I left in a cloud of smug. But that happened. Thats true. Yeah, thanks for that round of applause for being a dick. No, but that really happened. Theres nothing new in that, I suppose. I mean, humans have believed in shit for years. And we believe in utter fuckin rubbish. It is a miracle we are still here. It really is. We are fuckin stupid. Do you know that for a couple of hundred years in the middle ages– this is true– people believed that the cure for blindness— In places in Europe, this is a real– You can google this, and it comes up, and then you know its true. The cure for blindness– apparently, in parts of Europe, they believed that rubbing dog shit in the eyes of a blind person would cure their blindness. I know. Thats what, probably, the blind person said. He was like, oh! And they believed it for a couple of hundred years. It wasnt, like, an afternoon. I can understand trying it. I can understand, like, oh, fuck. Bobs gone blind. What the fuck are we gonna do? I dont know. Its the fuckin middle ages. Try dog shit. Okay. Well rub dog shit in his eyes. But its not like it worked. Its not like somebody went, oh, the smell is awful, but look at the beauty of nature. It doesnt work. And you know the blind person was like, oh, what the fuck are you guys doing? Like, its a special lotion from France, bob. no, its not. Im blind, Im not stupid. Ive got that blind person sense of smell. I can tell you whose dog this is. You know when people glamorize the past? Im like, really? What about going back To rubbing dog shit in our eyes? See, when I hear people romanticize the past and all that, I think about that. You know, like, you know, back in the day, When people would go, oh, yes, things were so lovely Back in ren faire times. Like, shut the fuck up. No, they werent. yes, things were great. Everyone was a gryffindor. It was a terrible time. The past was awful. Fuck the past. I grew up in the past. I did. I grew up in Scotland in the 1970s. You had disco. We had rickets. Kind of the same effect. Youre going… Youre right, thats too far. dear Craig, I am a transgender Nazi with rickets, And I am very upset. Its a fuckin joke. But whenever people glamorize the past, Im like, really? – Modern medicine. There, fuck you and your glamorizing the past. I hate that idea. Modern medicine, if you can afford it– Shut up, Canadians– Is the miracle– is the miracle of the age. See, its true. Whenever Im in d.C.– It used to be Walter Reed. Now its a different place slightly out of town. But the Walter Reed– You know, its for our soldiers that get, You know, wounded in battle. And what the doctors can do for those guys there Is un-fuckin-believable, unbelievable. its true. I mean, theyre working with extraordinary patients. I mean, amazing guys. I met a guy there, a marine. Its true. He had lost both of his legs Below the knee from an I.E.D. And hed had them replaced with prosthetic legs, you know, Legs and feet, and he was walking around. He said he had no pain. He had no limp. You know, and, you know, he was, like, handling it really well With a good attitude. He was really kinda fine with it. He was helping the other patients. The only way you could tell is cause he was wearing shorts. And I said to him, man, youre handling this so well. And hes like– and this is true. This is exactly what he said to me. He said, you kidding me, pal? I came in here 510, Im leaving 62". That fucking amazing? Thats what he said! Came in 510, leaving 62". See, that right–thats a fucking american badass, right there. came in here 510, leaving 62". Hoo-fucking-rah. See, thats another reason why you dont want to be fighting against these guys. Can you imagine? cause he was like– He wanted to go back. His unit were still overseas. And he was like, I want to go back. I want to go back. And the military are like, youve done enough. Hes like, no, I want to go back. Can you imagine what it would be like being the fucking Taliban, going, oh, my god, you shoot their legs off, they come back fucking taller! Its fucking– can you imagine the astonishing bravery in that young man? I mean, the fortitude, the courage in that individual. Thats unbelievable to me. I dont have a teaspoon of that in my body, not a fucking ounce, not an atom of that in me. I shit my pants watching Shark Week. Although I went on Shark Week once. I did. Yeah. No, the discovery channel phoned me up. And they said, hey, youre always talking about Shark Week. You want to go diving with sharks? And I was like, fuck, yeah. Which is how I answer the phone, apparently. So I went. And I was really brave about, you know, the shark diving, right until I had to do it. I was, uh– Fuck, man. It was horrible, cause it was in the Bahamas, which is a lovely place, the Bahamas. And they flew us to the Bahamas. Now, if youve ever been to the Bahamas, youll know this, because everybody thats from the Bahamas or is taking you to the Bahamas will tell you… Sean Connery lives here. Theyre all like, oh, Sean Connery lives in the Bahamas. Sean Connery lives here. what accent is that, Craig? its one I can do. is it Bahamian? close enough. But its true. Theyre very proud of Sean Connery living in the Bahamas. And when you get out of the airport–its true– If youre very quiet, you can hear him. In his garden, hes like… just pruning the roses. I wonder whats for lunch. Ill just go over here. Oh, I think I left my thing over there. Anyway, Sean Connery lives in the Bahamas. So I was there for the sh– for the Shark Week. Like, really? Like, really? ¶ the phantom of the opera is there ¶ this is the curse, my friends. sometimes, when you attack the clitoris with gusto, It is difficult to turn it off. Thank you, Dracula. youre welcome. You got to get out more, really. Someones been doing you clockwise. Its simple mistake. Ive done it myself. Anyway, I went shark diving. I went shark diving in the Bahamas. I get to the dock, and the boat was there, And the dive master was there, and I was like, I said, hey, wheres the cage, you know, the shark cage? Hes like, theres no cage. I went, oh, yeah, there fucking is. Ive seen this on tv. Theres a cage. the guy from tv goes in the cage, cage goes in the water, shark comes up and goes, rah! the guy from tv goes, oh, that was intense, and goes home completely intact. Theres a cage. Hes like, no, its not that kind of diving. Im like, really? What kind of diving is it, the Scottish guy is bait diving? Hes like, get in the boat. So I get in the boat. Now in this place, they go shark diving every day. And they go to the same place every day. The same place every day! The sharks know youre coming. Theyre already there. Im not kidding. Theyre swimming in circles. Theyre playing volleyball and high-fiving each other and shit. Theres a big wiseass shark off in the corner, going… And thats what you jump into. Thats what you have to jump into. And you have to jump in. You have to, because theres attractive women on that boat. And like any heterosexual man, I would rather be torn apart by large, meat-eating predators than risk the possibility that one of those women is a massage therapist thats gonna go crazy and jerk me off in the boat. Now, you know its not gonna happen! But it might happen. But its certainly not gonna happen if you start crying and poo your wet suit… Which was my first choice. So I jumped into the shark-infested waters. I cant believe Im saying this, but I did. I jumped into the shark-infested waters, and I was amazed. The sharks were not what I thought they were gonna be at all. They were beautiful. They were like, hey. hi, dude. They were like Osmonds. And you could feed them bits of fish off of a spear gun, just like Osmonds. And I said to the dive master later– I mean, you cant talk to him underwater. You sound like honey boo boo. Its like… But later on, I said to him, that was amazing, Feeding them the fish with the spear gun. And he said, yeah, yeah. I said, but what wouldve happened If wed run out of fish? He said, well, theyd probably just swim away. I said, have you ever tried it? He said, are you fucking crazy? Theyre sharks. And then, when we were coming back on the boat, I was talking to the kids that worked on the boat. And it was all American kids, college kids, kids on the lam, you know, and that, you know. They were–and they– I was talking to them. And I said, has anyone ever been bitten? You know, even a little nibble or a scratch from a shark? And every single one of them showed me fingers off, bits of ear missing, toes, fucking bite marks on their ass. I went… you motherfuckers! Like, as high as that as well. I was very upset. I was like, you motherfuckers! Like, dogs in the Bahamas were like… were a motherfucker? Sean Connery was like, who said motherfucker? That was– that was very high pitched. But the sharks were beautiful. They were amazing. I mean, these creatures are really wonderful, And we should not be afraid of them as long as we are on land. No, theyre lovely. Theyre beautiful animals. I wouldnt have believed this if I hadnt seen it with my own eyes. But this is true. I really saw this. In many species of shark, the male of the species has two penises, side by–yes. Side by side, two penises. I saw it. A male nurse shark swam towards me. He was like, hey, whats up? Mm-hmm. how you doing? Oh, oh, oh. look at the penis. penis. Two penises. I was like, look at you, mr. Mister. Like, thats why theyre so confident. Theyre like, hey, heh heh, yeah. Thats why theyre so angry as well. Two penises, no hands. Ill swap you a penis for a hand. Oh, if I had a nickel for every time Id said that. Is it penises or penii? Ive never had to use the plural. All right, one night in Amsterdam in 1987, I guess. But they were lovely. You know what I was thinking? What a terrible thing it would be, though, for the drug companies of America if the human male had two penises. I mean, you would never sell any viagra or cialis or any of that shit. I mean, what are the odds of both of them failing at the same time? It would be like aircraft engines. One of them would go out. It would be like, dont worry. Everythings fine. We train for this all the time. All the time, we train for this. Well get you where you need to go. Might go a little lower or a little slower, But its not a problem. Very routine. Im kind of enjoying myself now. Im gonna do this for a while. Kind of having a good time. I just thought these animals were beautiful. And the reason I wanted to swim with the sharks is because I love nature documentaries. I adore them, and I– It was the way I bonded with my father when I was a kid. We used to watch them. We used to watch these BBC nature documentaries on British television. They were shown here on PBS. Beautiful, big documentariesnNarrated by sir David Attenborough, Who has that lovely voice. He would always say like, here in the Serengeti, you know, huge wildebeest moving across over there. Oh, so lovely. And he would talk quietly like that to make you think he was there. He wasnt there. But he wanted you to think he was there. He said, Im talking quietly. theres a fucking lion right there. So shh, fucking lion. Im very brave. Fucking lion right there. But of course, he, you know, he wasnt there. He was in a sound studio in London. It was six months later. Hes looking at the footage. Hes saying it. Its, like, the same, you know, when you hear the sound of the lion eating the zebra. And you hear all that… You know, they add that later on. Its a guy in a studio watching the footage, going… Theres not a sound guy in the middle of Africa going, quiet, everybody. Lion eating a zebra. They add it later on. Its a guy, a specialist. Hes like… Its the same guy that does porn. aah! Anyway, thats–and when we watched these documentaries, it was when my father did the one joke of his life. He did one joke in his life, and it was this. We were watching a nature documentary, the whole family. It was my mom and my dad and my brother and my two sisters. We were watching this documentary about chimpanzees. And they were all being very naughty, little hairy bastards, running around throwing poo on each other. And–and my dad said, oh, yes. Theres Craig and his friends. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha! And I was like, noooo! and he was like, yes. The rest of my family are like, yes. Scorn. And because it got a laugh, he would then say it every time we watched a nature documentary. Like, for years and years afterwards. And it didnt make sense, like, wed go– Wed watch a documentary about seahorses or something. And hed go, theres Craig and his friends. Id be like, dad, Im 40. Fucking give it up. But he would keep going until he got a laugh. He wouldnt shut up until he got a laugh. Like, hed keep going. Its the same technique I now use on the studio audience in my television show. I know that shit isnt funny, but I know Im keeping going, cause they know theyre not fucking going anywhere until they laugh. You may leave. No, you know, people say to me, Craig, why do you call the studio audience hobos at your show? And Ill tell you why, cause they are. Some of them, anyway. Ill tell you how I found out. cause after the show one day, I went to the restroom. And I use the same restroom as the audience. Show business. And I went into the restroom. And there was a gentleman who had been in the audience, washing his feet. Thats a clue. He was washing his feet. I was like, hey, whats up? Hes like, just washing my feet. Im like, yeah, go ahead. And–and he said, I love your show, man. I said, thanks very much. He said, to be honest, I dont care for you. The accent, its irritating. Like, okay. He said, but I just love coming here. I love coming here to– you know, I can wash my feet, they give us some snacks, And they pay me 10 bucks an hour. Im like, what? They pay you 10 bucks an hour? Hes like, oh, yes. I was like, fuck, wait there. So I go and see the producers of the show. I said, are we paying hobos 10 bucks an hour to pretend to like me? And they said, oh, yes. What the fuck? They said, everybody does that. And apparently, everybody does. I didnt know. They said, everybody does it. All the daytime shows, all the late night shows, all the award shows. Any show with an audience, the Emmys, the Oscars, The Grammys, fucking anything. They have this team of hobos that go from place to place. I dont know how they get in touch with them. Its like a bat signal or something, and… And theyre seat fillers, because nobody wants to see an empty seat on tv. So these people, you know, they wait and if– So like, at the Oscars, if Tom Cruise has to go to the bathroom during the Oscars, a hobo will go over to his seat and, you know, fill the seat. And if Tom Cruise wins the Oscar while the hobos in the seat, the hobo has to go up and collect. That last bit isnt true, But that would be fucking awesome if it was. Oh, Id like to thank everybody under the bridge. It would just be more entertaining. Anyway, yeah, my dad watched the nature documentaries. My mother hated them. But my mother was a very different person. She was someone who glamorized the past, which was weird, cause my mother grew up in Glasgow in the 1940s, when it was being carpet bombed by Nazis. But she would always say, oh, things were better during the war. I was like, how can you say that? You were being carpet bombed by Nazis. And she was like, yes, but you could leave your door open at night. Im not–I dont want you to think I have hard time with my parents. I love my parents. They were great people. I adored them. And my childhood was idyllic. There was never any problem in my childhood. Thats why I became an alcoholic stand-up comedian. No, I didnt– they were good, my parents. They were good people. You do your best with your kids. The minute you have your own kids, you forgive your parents. Youre like, oh, fuck. I get it. But I try– yeah, okay, I get it. Kids are assholes. I understand. But I try, you know, I try not to do what my parents were a little bit guilty of. They used to always say, oh, you kids have got it too easy. And I try not to do that to my own kids. But its fucking hard not to. Its fucking hard not to when I see them, and theyre sitting in the back of the car with a five-point seat belt molded fucking thing in the car and the safety helmet and the– then the intravenous cheerios into their arms. Fucking screen with around-the-clock Teletubbies. Fucking… Ive seen a lot of fucking Teletubbies in the past two years. That shits weird. Weird. Now, remember whos talking to you here. Thats fucking weird, and I know weird. I have smoked Nepalese temple ball on a beach in Sri Lanka at sunset at a Hindu funeral. But when I see the Teletubbies, Im like, what the fuck is that? Wait. What–what is that? uh-oh. uh-oh what? Uh-oh, fall down. Uh-oh. Remember a few years ago, there was a big controversy? People said, hey, one of those Teletubbiess is gay. That tinky-winky. Tinky-winky is gay. Tinky-winkys the one– the pink one with the triangle on his head that carries a handbag. Im like, why would you think hes gay? Tink–Ive seen a lot of Teletubbies. Let me tell you something, tinky-winky is not gay. Tinky-winky is a fucking drunk. Its like tinky-winkys like, uh-oh. Tinky-winky fall down. tinky-winky want a little drinky. Tinky-winkys not gay. Po, the one with the cock on his head, hes gay. Anyway, what Im saying is, I try not to give my kids a hard time. But its hard. You know, you see them in there with their fucking child seats. There were no child seats in my dads car. There were no fucking seats in my dads car. It wasnt technically a car. My dad was a mail carrier. We just had a little post office van. When we went around a tight corner, hed be like, aim for a soft parcel. Ooh, shit! I was going to tell you that joke Drew Carey told me. I forgot. No, I want to tell you this joke. Its important, because I love this joke. This is a great joke. Its a really good joke, Because it involves a traveling salesman. And I like that because too many jokes today dont. Traveling salesmen are going away. Theyre going away. Theyre being replaced by guys calling you up from India, pretending theyre not in India. Hello, this is Scooter. How about that… local team? Are you happy with your long-distance provider? Well, they can fucking reach me from India, Scooter. So, yeah, Im all right. Anyway, this is a joke… This is a joke that involves a traveling salesman. And I like this joke. A traveling salesman walks up to a house, and he knocks on the door. And the door is answered by a ten-year-old boy whos wearing a bra and panties and high-heeled shoes. Hes smoking a cigar and drinking a scotch. And the salesman goes, whoa, son, are your parents home? And the kid says, what the fuck do you think? And thats my joke. – Oh, my god, its gonna go all the way! Ohh!

AZIZ ANSARI@BURIED ALIVE@2013@Ladies and gentlemen… Aziz Ansari! Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much. Philadelphia, wow! Thank you. Thank you so much! Wow! Wow! This is awkward. I actually have no material prepared. Um… I just booked this venue for this date and I was like, Oh, Ill have an act by then. I…dont, uh… No, its gonna be really good. I have one prepared which is convenient cause were filming and everything. Uh, so, lets begin. I, uh, turned 30 years old this year. Yes, its been a good year. I have found this year to be the year where a lot of my friends are getting serious about their lives. You know, they call me up. They say serious things. Theyre like, Aziz, youre not gonna believe it! I just had a baby! And I always have the same reaction. I always go, Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha! That sucks! Im so sorry that happened. Why werent you guys not using condoms or birth control? Youre gonna have to take care of that thing forever! All right, well, Ill talk to you later. Im going to go do literally anything I want, cause I dont have a baby so all my options are still options. I hate those phone calls. I also hate those emails. Your friends send in those emails. Theyll attach a photo of the baby. Theyll write something cute to welcome the baby. Hey, everyone! Welcome Lindsay to the Universe! I always just write back, Unsubscribe. Yes, I dont recall signing up for this mailing list. Please remove me from all future updates. Now, if youll excuse me, Im going to throw your baby in my trash. And now everyone has video cameras on their phones and everything so you can get videos of the babies. Every single video Ive gotten is exactly the same though. Kid shows up on the screen. End of clip. Thats the amazing footage they needed to share with everyone. Brians first steps! Look, I walk all the time. Im not impressed. Im gonna start sending my own clips back. Look at this shit. Brian has nothin on this! He has no swagger in his step. He almost fell down after three steps. Meanwhile, Im running advanced shit. I can high-step. I can run if I want to. I can even tip-toe behind Brian, push him on the ground and then step on him with my next step. So, thats how advanced my shit is. Some of these people arent ready to have kids, either. You know, you ever have friends like that? Theyre about to have kids. Youre like, What?! No! Theyre dumb. Why? I got a friend. He got married recently. Hes kind of a goofball. I asked him, I said, Hey, youre not gonna have kids, are you? Hes like, Maybe next year. I was like, Dude, you still have a chain wallet. You cant have a chain wallet and a kid at the same time. Ah, if your wallet is causing you so much problem you have to chain it to your person… youre not ready to bring life into the world. If you go to like, pay for the baby with a chain wallet, they should like, Oh, no, no, no. we got to put this one back– Whoop! Im not ready for that kind of responsibility. If someone came up to me with a baby like, Hey, you got to look out for this baby. I be like, Sorry, I got my own things going on right now. I dont have time to look out for this little, brown baby. In this scenario, Im assuming its a little Indian baby. If it was a white baby Id be like, Get that thing away from me. Its disgusting! White babies are gross, man! Im sorry! Theyre like regular babies that arent ripe yet. And look, Im 30 years-old. Thats a totally reasonable age to have a kid, but to me its still terrifying, you know. They have that show 16 and Pregnant. Theyre should be a show called 25 and Pregnant. Id be like, Oh, no, those poor kids! They have their whole lives ahead of them. Its a shame things turned out that way. What happened? Me and my husband decided to start a family. Bbp! Irresponsible decisions. That show is the most depressing television show Ive ever seen. Cause You know, any other reality show where theres like a big fat guy or something and at the end of the episode hes eating right, hes exercising. Youre like, All right, things are gonna get better. Yeah, things are gonna get better. Good job TV show. Things are gonna get better. 16 and Pregnant and youre like, Whoa, thats never getting better. The only good thing that happened this week was the guy almost got a job at Arbys… and the girl won a fistfight with her mom. This is brutal. And they dont do anything nice for the kids at the end of the show. Theres no money. Theres no new house. Come on, do something for those kids. Like maybe at the end of each episode Xzibit could show up. And the kids would be like, Oh, my God. Xzibit, are you here to pimp our rides? And hed be like, No, Im gonna raise your baby as my own! Youre free to go back as being teenagers! And theyd be like, Thank you, Xzibit. Thank you so much for our lives! Then Xzibit would take the baby and put it on a bus with all the other babies hes collected, and then you do a second show about Xzibit trying to raise 30 babies by himself. I, I do find the 16 and Pregnant show kinda mean-spirited. You know, cause you got a camera crew there, like, All right, you dont have any money. No ones helping you raise your children. All hope is lost… And, cut! Good luck with everything. We got to go. Lets go! Sorry. Theres this other 16-year-old girl that lives down the street that had all the advantages in life. Shes about to have an amazing birthday party. Weve got to film that for a second show called Super Sweet 16. Its a shame you guys cant switch places for a week cause her shit is sweet. Ugh, I hate the girls on Super Sweet 16. Whenever I watch that show Im like, Ugh, could someone impregnate this girl and ruin her life please? What an awful person. Thatd actually be a better show. If they just did horrible stuff to that girl for a week. Meet Amanda. Shes 16 and horrible. So we cut the brakes in her car. We put a bunch of holes in her condoms. Lets see what happens this week. Do those girls not watch the other show? Do they not realize how fortunate they are? Theyre sit there complaining about the dumbest stuff just like, But, but, but, its not the right car. Its not the car I wanted. They just moved into a car on the other show. Three people are living in a 89 Honda Civic Coupe. Theres more people than doors. But the lights arent right. Their kid isnt right. Their kid has a tooth coming out of his nose, and they cant pay for a dentist with a tooth in his mouth. The kids gonna have to brush his nose for the rest of his life. But, but, but the balloons arent the right color. Their kid isnt the right color. They had the wrong father. Thats how crazy shits getting over there! Its a perspective. Do any of you guys have kids? A round of applause if you got kids somewhere? Wow Arent you scared your kids getting kidnapped right now? I mean, its like eleven Oclock on a Wednesday. Where is your kid?! Seriously. Where is the kid? Whos watching the kid? Some dumb 15-year-old that lives down the street thats probably just giving a hand job to some other 15-year-old idiot. Seriously, get out of here! Go! Leave! Leave! Go! Youre sitting there, Ah, ha, ha, ha! Your kids in handcuffs! Probably not. Maybe, but probably not. Look, Im just saying. I would be worried constantly if I had a kid. I think about how much my mom let me run around when I was a kid. Ten years-old running around by myself… going to the mall, to the video arcade, to the toy store. Crazy. I shouldve been getting molested all the time. Like, I dont know how it never happened. Not even once. Not even once. Keep in mind I was the cutest kid of all time. Like, take the most adorable little, brown puppy you can imagine, turn that into a person. That was me as a kid. I mean, who wouldnt be trying to fuck that? Just an unbelievable level of cuteness. My theory is that I was so cute as a kid that it intimidated child molesters. Like for child molesters, I was kind of like the hot girl at the bar. Theyre like, Oh, my God, Aziz is here! Aziz is here! Aziz is here! Okay, you can do this. You can do this. Just be yourself. Just be yourself. Confidence. Kids like confidence. Lets do this. Hi, Aziz! Hi. Thats a, thats a cool uh… Ha, ha, thats a cool uh– Thats a great… All right, well, see you later. Ah! Youre so stupid! You didnt even say anything! Who am I kidding anyway? This is Aziz were talking about. He could fuck any grown man he wants. You know whats weird? As I can tell, you guys feel sad for the child molester in that joke. I could see it in your faces. Youre saying, Ah, hes not gonna get to fuck little Aziz. He seemed so nice. You know whats strange? At some point in your life you actually got to sit down and make sure you werent molested. Cause it could be buried. Thats the thing. So at some point you actually got to sit down and think really hard. Its like… No, I wasnt. My childhood was cool. I was mostly just playing with trucks. Cause it can be buried. If my stuff is buried, I want it to stay buried. I dont want to wake up when Im 43 and be like, Oh, shit! I fucked my T-ball coach. Totally forgot about that– Buried. You read these news stories. Man, theres some sick people out there. You read these news stories. Some sick people. You read news stories like, like, Oh, the soccer coach has molested the kids for years. For years? Why do the kids keep going back to the same soccer camp? The only reason I ask that is cause I quit soccer cause another kid pushed me down on the ground. If I was forced to perform oral sex, I definitely wouldve been done. That wouldve been it for soccer. Theres no way I wouldve went back. That wouldve been a firm deal breaker… guitar lessons wouldve started next Tuesday. So… Wh-what, is my mom gonna get mad at me, Hey, Aziz, you got to go to soccer practice. Im not going. Really, young man? Why arent you going to soccer practice? Um, the coach is making all the kids suck his dick! Is that enough reason for me not to go? Is that enough reason? Oh, am I grounded now? And no video games? Ill take that over an old man jizzing on my belly, thank you very much. So send me to my fucking room. Ill be there not sucking some old mans jig! Knock on my door when those cupcakes are ready. You know whats crazy is there must be kids that talk like that now. You know what I mean? Cause kids arent innocent anymore. They know everything. In your head you imagine a kid being like, Something bad happened. Kids are like, A cock was in my mouth, Mom! Thanks for signing me up for golf! It really got me out of the house! It also got a penis near my face! So thanks! If theres anyone here from the paper, feel free to quote that bit in your article. Its a scary time to be a kid, man. I just saw this documentary about bullying. And I know youre always hearing that. Oh, really, kids getting bullied in school, thats what theyre making a big deal about now? Thats kinda what I thought going in, then I saw the documentary. First scene, kid is sitting on a bus, he looks at this other kid and goes, Hey, hows it going? The kid goes, I hate you. Im gonna murder you and cut your face off. Im gonna put it on my face and then look in the mirror and make fun of myself. Thats how much I hate you. So I saw that and I thought, All right, yep. This is a problem. Wow, that was terrifying! God damn, thats not bullying and teasing, thats some demented shit to say to another person. Bullying and teasing was the nonsense I did when I was a kid. Hey, youre fat. Hey, youre brown. Shut up, you bozo! Get out of here, you dingdong. Thats fine. Do that all day, no ones gonna get hurt. I wouldve never went up to some fat kid and been like, I hate you. Im gonna murder you and cut your fat off… then use it to make a fat suit and then dress up as a fat housekeeper ala Mrs. Doubtfire. And then Im gonna start working for your family. No. That was a psycho zone everyone agreed not to go into. And its so hard to see this documentary because nothing happens to the bully kids. Theyre beating the crap out of the kid, saying this awful stuff, nothing happens. That wouldnt fly in the adult world. That wouldnt be tolerated in any workplace or anything like that. Like, that wouldnt fly in Ikea. Like if you worked at Ikea and you went up to some other employ like, Im gonna murder you, you fucking dork! They be like, All right Phil, you cant sell lamps anymore. Now get out! Youre done! Get out! But look at him. Hes a nerd! Youre a psychopath! Get your meatball severance package and leave! I felt so bad for the kids, man. They would try to tell the teachers. Teacher wouldnt do anything. Kid goes up to the teacher and says, Uh, he says hes gonna cut my arms off and glue em on my butt so I can look like a minotaur. Teacher is like, Ah, well, maybe he wont do it. See ya later. Do something, man. I remember one time when I was a kid and someone actually physically hit me when I was growing up in South Carolina. Ill never forget what happened. Kid hits me. I go tell the teacher right way. Teacher goes over to the kid immediately and just goes, If you touch him again I will end you. And that was it. Bullying done. No ones ever bothered me again in my life. She scared everyone on earth. Cause thats how the bullying should be handled. Cause that kid was like, All right, well, I dont want to be ended, whatever the fuck that means! Ill leave him alone. Having a kid is a crazy gamble. No one ever talks about it in terms of being a gamble, but it is. Think about what position in life youre in when you decide to have a kid. Its usually a very safe position. You know, youre married, you found a mate. Thats huge. You usually have a job and a home. Thats very difficult to lock down. Its like you finally put together this very large complicated puzzle and then youre just like, Fuck this puzzle! Lets have a kid! And then the kid just shits all over the puzzle. The puzzle is ruined. Youre never putting it back together again. Its destroyed. And now you have this kid. And heres the gamble– heres the scary part. You can do everything right, you can read all the books, and you could still have a total piece of shit kid. You could have the worst kid. You could have one of the bully kids. That could be your kid. You dont know. You could have a total piece of shit. Teachers like, Ah, your son… Yeah, I know. Hes shitty, okay? I hang out with him all the time. Hes the worst. What do you want me to do, huh? I have to feed and shelter him or I get thrown in jail for some reason. Ooh, Im sorry hes ruining your mornings. Guess who hangs out with him on afternoons and weekends? Me. So how about a little sympathy for me. Well, sir, have you thought about– No! Theres nothing to think about. Theres nothing to do, okay? Its not his diet. He doesnt have too much glutin. Hes just shitty, okay?! Some people are nice. Some people are shitty. My kid is shitty, all right? Ive accepted it, all right? I made a mistake, okay? I gave up my best years raising this monster! I couldve started a band! I play bass! But no, I didnt do that. Instead I have this thing. Ooh, something that looks like me and my wife put together. Uh, great. Eat your vegetables. Can I throw a baseball at your face and you catch it half the time? Fuck me! Now, Im not saying I dont like kids. I like kids. I have fun hanging out with my friends kids, and joking around with them– whatever. Theyre great. But I do feel like when I talk to my friends that recently had kids, it does seem they had to give up everything for the kid, and thats very scary. You want to have a very depressing conversation? Talk to a couple that just had a kid. Ask them about the last night they went out for themselves. They will describe the most boring typical mundane evening out with the same enthusiasm a normal person will describe a three-way sexual experience. Ill show you what I mean. Over here, a guy describing a three-way sexual experience, over here, a couple that just had a kid. So we go back to my house, I got these two really hot girls. So we go to the mall I got two tickets to Rango… I know what youre thinking. Aziz, shouldnt you update that to a more recent film? No. These people go to movies that are as old as shit. Theyve been trying to see Rango for a couple of years now. Next thing you know, theyre taking their clothes off. Next thing you know, were eating nachos. Skin is everywhere. Cheese is everywhere. Cheese is everywhere. These girls were freaks… Into freaky things such as cheese. Let me get a sense of you guys as an audience. Clap if youre married right now. Clap if youre married. You guys here in the front. How long did you guys know each other before you got married? Five years? Thats always an interesting figure to me how long people knew each other before they got married. Clap if you knew your person five years or less. Okay. Clap if it was three years or less. All right. Clap if it was two years or less. Were all laughing cause youll probably get divorced. That was a crazy idea. Whyd you do that?! You didnt need to do that. You couldve just kept dating her. Wh– Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? What happened? Did you lose a bet or something? Look, of course, I could be totally wrong. You guys could be soul mates. I dont know. But to me two years doesnt seem like enough time to get to know someone to know you want to spend the rest of your life with them. Two years? Two years? Ive had sweaters for two years. You be like, What the fuck am I doing with this sweater? Bbp, so stupid looking. I cant believe I ever thought about keeping that sweater for the rest of my life. Thats a sweater. Another thing people do that scares me, theyll marry their high school sweetheart. Thats strange to me. To meet someone when youre like 16 years-old and just go, All right, Im done. Well, I dont think Im gonna run into anyone interesting in my 20s or 30s. Im just gonna lock this shit down now… for no reason at all. Think about all the dumb things you believed when you were that age. Think about all the stupid decisions you made. Imagine being stuck with any of those decisions for the rest of your life. Even just little things. All right, well, I guess I got this Bob Marley poster over my bed for the rest of my life. Its cool though because I took a bunch of little photos of Bob Marley and I put it together to look like a big photo of Bob Marley. Its a mosaic. I just dont think you have any idea what your adult life is gonna be like when youre 16 years-old. You realize how awful my life would be if it turned out the way that I thought it was going to when I was 16 years-old? You know what my big plan was? I was gonna go to college and major in Business and Biology. That was the plan. First I hit you with the business and you think its all done. And then I come back– Boosh!– Hit you with the Biology. What was I gonna do with this stupid double major?! Sell organs on the black market very efficiently? I have friends from college. Theyre starting to get married. I went to one of the weddings and I asked the groom, I said, Hey, why did you decide to get married? He goes, Well, I dont know. Weve been dating a few years now. Wow! Thats a terrible way to answer that question! Especially with that tone and cadence. Well, I dont know. Thats not the appropriate tone and cadence to answer that question. Thats the appropriate tone and cadence if someones like, Hey, whyd you buy a FIJI water? Well, I dont know. The bottle looked kinda cool. Perfect. Thats a fantastic moment to use that tone and cadence. So well done… Thats also not a reason to get married, you know. Weve been dating a few years now. Ive been eating at the same taco stand for a few years now. Im not gonna commit to that taco stand for the rest of my life. Everythings following my current relationship with a taco stand. Now if the taco stand were to move into my apartment with me I might be up for that, cause then Id have delicious tacos whenever I wanted but, the economics of taco stands wouldnt allow such a thing. I know what youre thinking. Wow, Aziz just compared women to tacos. He must not think that highly of women. No, I just think that highly of tacos. One thing I love about marriage though is the proposal. I think that is so sweet. Heres this moment where you know youre gonna change the life of yourself and this person you love forever and you can plan it out and you can make it the most beautiful amazing perfect moment. You dont get to do that with most big moments in your life, but with the proposal you can. So, sir, five years guy, what did you do to make it the most beautiful amazing perfect special moment ever? Set the scene, okay? What city are we in? Were in Philadelphia. Dont feel like traveling too far. Lets just do this shit in Philly. Okay, so were in Philadelphia. Where are we at in Philadelphia? At a five star restaurant– Dont worry, not a three star– a five star. I like how you– You couldnt wait to say five star. Youre like, Five star restaurant! Were at a five star restaurant…Okay. And so, youre at the five star restaurant and, you know, its dinner I imagine? It was lunch! Oh, shit! I shouldnt have assumed! This is the shit you leave out. Five star… Maybe the lunch prix fixe wont be a big deal. I mean, its the same food! They serve the dinner menu at lunch, guys! So lunch at the five star restaurant. I mean, at this point you got to wonder, Lunch at a five star restaurant. Dinner at a four star restaurant… I feel like, I feel like lunch loses a star. Theres no five star lunch restaurants. Theres four star lunch restaurants that operate as five star dinner restaurants. Okay, okay, were at lunch, five star restaurant… and what period of the meal do you decide to ask? Cause thats very difficult, you know? You cant ask like, you know, before you order cause its like… What, he asked before you ordered?! What the hell? Isnt that kind of a scary idea?! What do you want to have, the most awkward lunch of all time?! No? Well, you want to split some jalapeno poppers? So you ask before you even order? Wow! And then, Miss, did you– what happened? Did you immediately say yes? What was the situation? You didnt say anything?! Well, thats even like more morbid than saying no. Do you want to marry me? All these people are looking at me, bitch. Say something. You didnt say anything? Were you thinking about? Were you taken aback? What happened? You wanted to eat?! You wanted to eat? And were you down on one knee? You were down on one knee and youre just waiting. And whats going on through your head? The breadsticks were coming out. Hold up! What five star restaurant drops breadsticks on the table? Sir… Im gonna ask you something… and I need you to be very honest with me right now. This restaurant… when it comes to their breadstick policy… does the word unlimited come to mind? I dont even know what is happening. I have done this, I have done this in every city on my tour… this is the most bizarre shit ever. Did you see this coming at all? Did you know this was coming? Come on. Come on, now. Come on. Its lunchtime… The waiter has dropped the breadsticks… Weve all read this book. We know how this story goes. Now Ive talked to people all over the country about their proposal stories, and you know what I learned? I learned that ultimately it doesnt matter what you do for your proposals. Some people go and do this big grand gesture. Some people do simple, sweet things. Ultimately, whats really beautiful is that you found someone to say yes to this totally insane thing you just asked them. Its the most insane thing you could ever ask another person to do. It really is. It doesnt seem as insane as it is cause were all familiar with marriage as an institution. But imagine if marriage didnt exist and youre a guy and you asked a woman to get married. Imagine what that conversation will be like. You be like uh, Hey, so, you know, weve been hanging out together, spending a lot of time together… Yeah, yeah, I know. I wanna keep doing that til youre dead. W-w-what? I wanna keep hanging out with you til one of us dies. Put this ring on your finger so people know we have an arrangement. W-what, w-what– Whos that guy? Its a priest. I want you to swear to God you wont back out of this deal. W-w-whats he wheeling in? Its a cake with two tiny dolls that look like us. Eat a slice! Now feed a little bit to me! This is really strange. Why are we doing this? Tax purposes. Thats pretty much what youre asking. This is another thing that baffles me about people being opposed to gay marriage, you know. Here these people, they found someone to say yes to this totally insane thing and then some other persons gonna be like, No, its weird. I just– I just– I just think its weird. Its pretty much the only argument at this point really. I dont see how you can really be opposed to gay marriage at this point. Like you know youre on the losing side. Theres no way its not gonna go through. All the demographics that are really opposed to gay marriage. Theyre all gonna be dead soon. Like, whenever they ask young people, young people are like, What, what are you talking about? All music is free right now. What the fuck are you talking about? Oh, two dudes are kissing? Im about to watch every movie ever right now. They dont care at all. But seriously, how do you not know youre on the losing team at this point? These are the same people that were opposed to like uh, women voting or black dudes playing baseball. What was the last thing they were opposed to? Interracial relationships. If youre opposed to interracial relationships, guess what? Im fucking white girls. Theres nothing you can do about it. Any time I have sex with a white girl, I think about those people for a few pumps and its such a great feeling. Just like– Its just not right! Well, its in there so I dont know what youre gonna do about it. Seriously, all of you here, next time you have sex with someone of a different race, think about those people for a minute– you really should do this. Its very important. Its your duty as an American, and I promise you, nothing feels better than orgasming while thinking about all the progress weve made in civil rights in this country. I still cant believe its an issue. It just baffles my mind. That whole Chick-fil-A situation… Whew! That was quite a conundrum for me. Cause, you know, obviously Im very pro-gay marriage, but, Im also very pro-delicious chicken sandwich. Its like, Ughh… What do you do?! I stopped eating Chick-fil-A. Im never gonna eat Chick-fil-A. I dont eat it anymore. That is the saddest thing you could ever applaud. You are so brave, Aziz! How you find the strength to resist those delicious chicken sandwiches we will never know. But you are a man of principle and we applaud you! I mean, I still eat the nuggets all the time. So its not that hard. No, no, I dont eat the nuggets. I dont eat the nuggets. I dont. I dont. But that was a strange situation, right? I was so jealous of homophobic people. Man, what a delicious way to support your hateful cause. I dont have opportunities like that in my life. I wish I did. I wish the places that made food that I found so delicious, also took political stands I can get behind. Like my favorite place to get a cheeseburger is Shake Shack. I love Shake Shack. Its so delicious. You realize how excited Id be if I went to Shake Shack one day and theyre like, Hey, just so you know, part of our profits now go towards fucking over people that work at United Airlines customer service. What? What? Yes! Yes! H-h-how are you doing this? Well, any time you buy a burger, part of the money goes towards paying people on Craigslist to shit in their cars. Thats fantastic! Can I get 75 cheeseburgers, please? I do want to get married at some point I think. Im not sure when. I was in India recently and my grandma asked me, she goes, Uh, Aziz, when are you gonna get married? I was like, Egh, I dont know if youll be around. Shes old! That was a fun trip. Uh, I spent a lot of time with a cousin of mine that lives there. Hes around my age. And it was really fascinating to me the dichotomy of our two lives. My life is totally different cause I was born and raised in America and he was born and raised in this poor part of India where my family is originally from. My familys originally from a poor part of India. Theyre not from the part of India study abroad programs are based. Theyre from like the South Carolina of India. Its pretty rough. For real. Like the way you take a shower there. Its not the way you take a shower here. The way you have to take a shower at their house is you fill a bucket with hot water and you take a smaller bucket and you pour the water on. Thats to conserve hot water. And its a little strange cause, you know, I jerk off in the shower on occasion. If youre showering with the bucket method, you cant jerk off in the shower. Uh, that silence is way too terrifying. Even people that jerk off in the shower here, no one turns the shower off and goes in the corner like this– Dat-dat-dat-dat-dat… No, thats some serial killer shit. Oh, so sorry, that noise I made, Dat-dat-dat… Thats not the noise it makes when a dude jerks off. Um… If some guy comes up to you and starts jerking off and he goes, Dat-dat-dat… Look out, thats a robot from the future thats been sent back in time to jizz in your face. But the thing about being there in India was, you know, I didnt feel like jerking off… all the time. You know, because theres was less sexuality there. Women are dressed more conservatively. Theres not like sexy posters and magazine covers everywhere. Its a way different vibe. I came back to New York after that trip and I was like, I wanna fuck everything! There was just so much sex in your face constantly and I never realized just how desensitized I was. You know, I see the most graphic sexual imagery and it goes to my head like its nothing. I saw an ad for a gym in New York, this is a real ad for a gym. Okay, its an ad for Equinox gym. This guy is laying down on a couch, his clothes are coming off, shirts coming off, pants are coming off. Theres a woman straddling him, her clothes are coming off, and its just so sexual. Like it honestly looks like this woman was sucking this dudes dick and someone was like, Hey. Shes like, Huh? And they took a photo. Thats how sexual it is. And Im just sitting there looking at this and its like, How did this become an ad for a gym? This does not– How? This would not fly in India. Theyd be like this, This has nothing to do with gyms. Please take this down. This is… This is a bit ludicrous. So howd it become an ad? Im not sure. At some point they mustve had a meeting. Theyre like, All right, well, we need a new Winter campaign. We need some ideas. Bruce, what do you got? Heres what Im thinking. We have a gentleman on an exercise bike. Hes riding the bike and it says, Ride Your Way To A Better You. Hm, Bruce, I like that. I like the tag line. I like the imagery. Thats very nice. I like that a lot. Does anybody else have anything they want to pitch? David, what do you got? I just got a photo of two people fucking and underneath it I wrote Equinox. David, thats fantastic! Lets put those up all over town. Bruce, pack your shit up and get out of here. Youre done. So, my cousin is there in India. Totally different life, way more conservative lifestyle. I dont think hes dating or anything like that. Hell probably have an arranged marriage. A lot of people in India still have arranged marriages. My dad had an arranged marriage. It was to my mom. Thats how they arranged it. And its interesting. Whenever I tell people that theyre always like, Oh, my God, is everything okay? Do they hate each other? And they only ask that cause its an arranged marriage… Those questions are totally valid for any marriage. Those people are married– Oh, my God, is everything okay? Do they hate each other? See? It still makes sense. I read a little bit about arranged marriage. I read some research and stuff theyve done. Very interesting. I found this study they did where they took couples that had arranged marriages and they took couples that had non-arranged marriages and they measured their happiness levels. In the first three to five years non-arranged couples were happier. But when I looked at it 25–30 years down the line, the arranged couples were happier. So, who knows? I dont know. My parents are just as happy as any old white people Ive ever run into. But, I dont think I can do an arranged marriage. I talked to my dad about his experience and, uh, you know, he was like, Well, uh, I met your mom and a week later we got married. And I was like, Whoa! How long did you talk to her for? Hes like, Hm…30 minutes. Thirty minutes? Like an episode of How I Met Your Mother 30 minutes? Thats how you met my mother? Thirty minutes isnt a lot of time, man. Think about all the crazy things you learn about people– weeks, months, years into a relationship. I be like I would get an arranged marriage and three weeks in Id be like, What, you dont watch Game of Thrones? I knew shouldnt have signed up for this shit. We shouldve discussed DVR preferences. What did you erase all my shows for? Celebrity Ghost Stories? Thats a real show, by the way. They asked me to be on Celebrity Ghost Stories, but, uh, I said no, cause I havent seen any ghosts. I like ghosts though. Whenever you hear about ghosts its always the same kind of stories. You know… Ghost was wearing old timey clothes. Ghost was turning my lights on and off. Ghost was turning my faucets on and off. Ghosts, Im trying to sleep! Its like, all right, take it easy. These people died hundreds of years ago. Theyve never seen running water before. Theyre blown away. Theyre just sittin there… Where is the well? How is the water getting here?! All the ghosts come in here look at this. Now its dark– Bsch!– Now its not– Bsch! Theyre not going Boo, theyre going, Oooh, modern advances. I hope I see a ghost at some point. Cause if I see one, it would be very interesting cause I live in a modern building– a newer building– so if I saw a ghost, it would be like a modern ghost. You know, I would just wake up in the middle of the night, thered be a dude in the corner texting. Boo. Those would be the best ghosts. Those would be the best ghost stories. You come home one day, you turn on your TV, you look on your Netflix. What, Mad Men Season 5, previously viewed? I never watch– Ghosts! Theyre on Season 5! Those would be the best ghosts. You wake up in the middle of the night, theres some ghost standing over your bed. Whats your WiFi password? That was a long tangent on ghosts. But, I guess ultimately, what scares me about marriage is where do you find this person? You know, a lot of times most successful relationships, uh, people meet through work, school, mutual friends. But whats most interesting to me is when people just meet in life, just randomly. You know, I have a friend, he got married. I asked him, I was like, Hey, uh, whered you meet your wife? He was like, I was leaving Bed Bath & Beyond. I was looking for my car. I drive a gray Prius. I saw a different gray Prius. I thought it was mine. I walked up to it. I realized I had the wrong car. But I bumped into Carol. We started talking. That was that. Thats unbelievable. Think about all the random factors that had to come together to make this one moment possible– this one moment that changed these two peoples entire lives. First off, this guy has to live in particular town, then he has to get a gray Prius. Then, he has to need to go to Bed Bath & Beyond. Then, he has to go to that particular Bed Bath & Beyond. Then, there has to be another guy who also lives in town, also drives a gray Prius and also needs to go to Bed Bath & Beyond, also goes to that particular Bed Bath & Beyond at around the same time. Then, they have to both park somewhat near each other. My friend had to leave before the other guy leaves. See the wrong Prius, thinks its his, walk up to it, then the woman, Carol, needs to be near the wrong gray Prius for a million other random reasons. They bump into each other. They start talking. Their entire lives are changed. Thats the most amazing and terrifying thing about life. It is cause the amazing thing is that at any moment any one of us can have that moment that totally changed our lives. You could be leaving the show tonight, bump into someone… It could change your life. You dont know. That could happen. The terrifying thing is… what if were all supposed to be at Bed Bath & Beyond right now? Doesnt that scare you? Im so scared of that. What if youre missing your moment? What if youre not supposed to be here? What if Im not supposed to be here? My friends entire life changed cause he went to Bed Bath & Beyond one afternoon. The most casual of decisions had the most tremendous of consequences. Why did he go to Bed Bath & Beyond that afternoon? Well, his roommate had clogged the toilet and he needed to get some Drano. Few weeks later hes falling in love with this woman. Its amazing. Its all cause some other dude ate some bad Chinese food one day. And then years later it gets crazier. Those two people have a kid. They come together and do the most incredible thing two human beings can do. They bring a new life into the universe. Its all cause some other dude took a really huge shit one day. Thats the most amazing story youll ever hear in your life. No, dont look at me like that. Thats the most amazing story. Whos ever take a huge shit and thought, I just brought life into the world. Where do you meet this person? I think its very hard to meet someone you really connect with, that you really feel a deep connection with. I think thats hard. I dont think those people just come around all the time. I think its a very special thing. And I think its very hard to find, especially nowadays. I mean, yes, theres great people around, but, man, there is so much riffraff out there right now. The percentage of riffraff has never been higher. Its very high. I dont know. Maybe Im romanticizing the past, but you think about like older generations, you know, people in their 20s– 60s, whatever. You just imagine a different vibe. You know, imagine men wearing nice suits, women are dressed all nice, everyones speaking properly– just a classier vibe. Like if those generations could be a font they would be Times New Roman. I look at my generation… Were fucking Comic Sans. You cant take us seriously. Were Comic Sans. People that are single and out there, you know what Im talking about? You go out with people sometimes and youre just like, What, youre a person?! Hold up. Youre a person? How? Youre so dumb, How are you– How do you pay rent? How do you have a job? How are you paying taxes? How is the world not crumbling around your idiocy? You meet people so dumb you get scared for their safety. Youre like, Shit, Id better walk this person home. They might just walk in the street and get hit by a bus! They cant even have a conversation. Theyre just texting and Instagramming photos of salt shakers. What happened to people?! You meet people so bad sometimes theyre not even Comic Sans. Theyre straight-up wing dings. Thats how scary it is. So what do you do? We learn to adapt. We have new things now. We have things like online dating. One in five relationships is formed online now. Thats a true statistic. I have a friend, he met his wife on one of those sites and I asked him, I was like, So, whatd you search? Cause thats weirdly romantic. He types in this phrase, all these algorithms and things come together, this womans face comes up, he clicks it… that becomes the woman he spends the rest of his life with. So I asked him, Whatd you search? And he goes, Jewish and my zip code. What, thats all you were looking for, just something Jewish close by?! You dont want to drive too far?! Proximity was a big factor here?! Jewish and my zip– I found a Wendys that way a few weeks ago! I typed Wendys and my zip code then I got some nuggets, he got a wife the exact same way! Some people still dont want to do online dating. Feel like theres a stigma to it. Thats strange though. You ask those same people. Hey, you ever meet people in bars? I was like, Yeah, sure. Why not? Dont you see? Online datings the same thing, its just a different interface? In a bar you walk around and you see peoples faces. Online you see those same faces, theyre on a web page. The difference is online dating is like going to a bar and having superpowers. You know what I mean? Online dating is like being able to walk into a bar and just go, All right, lets just eliminate all the other dudes. Um, ooh. Lets eliminate any women who that are already in relationships. You can do crazy things like that. You cant do that in the real world. In the real world you cant walk into a bar and go, Jewish and my zip code. You cant do that. The other interesting this is different sites mean different things. You know, match.com. Looking for a relationship, something a little more serious. okcupid. Im trying to fuck something tonight! eHarmony. Im gonna die soon. I dont wanna die alone! How do we do this? I just got a computer two weeks ago. Lets go! The craziest thing Ive heard with online dating is I have a friend whos gay and I asked him, I said, Hey, you ever do online dating? Hes like, Yeah, I use Grinder. And I said, What is that? Its an iPhone App. He turns it on, all these dudes faces start popping up, Im like, Whoa, whoa, whoa. Who are these guys? And he goes, Oh, Grinder uses my GPS to find the closest Grinder users close to me– different circles by their face being what theyre up for. So this guy has a green circle, that means hes ready to go, and… hes ten feet away. And then I looked over I was like, Holy shit, there he is! It was the same guy. Thats the most unbelievable technology. Straight people are so pathetic. Can I take you out for a drink sometime or maybe we can get dinner or something? I dont know. Gay dudes are like, I wanna get my dick sucked and there he is…Done. Thats a strange impression of a dude getting his dick sucked. I mean, I never sucked anyones dick before, but if I was sucking someones dick and I looked up and theyre just like,. I be like, Hey, man, you wanna be a little more appreciative? Im sucking your dick, for god-sakes! I did a show one night and this woman came up to me afterwards and she goes, Aziz, why dont they make Grinder for straight people? And I think they tried, but it failed miserably. Cause I dont think any woman wants to turn on her phone and be like, All right, theres a guy 15 feet away that wants to have sex with me. Oh, wait. Theres a guy eight feet away. Theres a guy five feet away– three feet away… Okay, every guy around me wants to fuck me. Well, now I dont feel safe in the world. So Im gonna delete this. I really think that might be the most incredible technology thats come out in my lifetime. For real. I dont even know how youd even explain that concept to someone a few generations ago. You show em an iPhone theyre like, Okay, it looks like a mobile telephone device, you use it to call other people with similar devices– have telephone conversations. Uh, to be honest, that part doesnt work that well. But, if youre interested in putting your penis inside some other man, I can tell you for certain, that dude is down. I see why people are turning to online dating though. You know, because if you dont do online dating, what are your other options to meet people outside your existing social circles? Your big options are bars and nightclubs. Are you really gonna meet someone like in a bar? I have friends that go out with girls they meet at bars and theyre like, The girl wasnt that great. Yeah, of course she wasnt that great. You met her at a bar on a Tuesday at 1:30 a.m. Thats when riffraff is hanging out. You know what girl youre gonna meet that hour is this, Wheewwww! Is that noise as a person. That noise tells you everything you need to know about a certain type of girl cause nothing nice, positive or intelligent has ever come after that noise. Its always stuff like, Whew! Lets drink the rest of the Tequila out of that dumpster! Whew, give me an Orbits! I just blew a guy in the changing room at Target and I forgot to get Orbits which is why I went there in the first place! Whew, Im really attracted to that guy with the backwards baseball hat and the button-down shirt thats yelling and being aggressive for no apparent reason! Those guys are the male counterparts to the Whew girls. Now, I dont dislike anyone based on race, ethnicity, religion, sexuality, anything of that nature. But, if youre a white dude in a bar with a backwards baseball hat and a button-down shirt, theres a pretty good chance I fuckin hate you. You know who Im talking about? Theyre not always dressed that way. And of course Ive met gentlemen dressed that way that are nice, thoughtful people, but Im talking more about a state of mind–an attitude. Im talking about the guys when you leave a crowded bar theyll say something like, Yo, bro, you were pushin on me. You were pushin on me. I had a drink in my hand, couldve spilt it all over my shirt. You need to watch where youre going. If you were watching where you were going we dont have a problem. You were pushin on me. You were pushin on me. I had a drink in my hand, couldve spilt it all over my shirt. You need to watch where youre going. If you were watching where you were going we dont have a problem. You were pushin on me. You were pushin on me. I had a drink in my hand, couldve spilt it all over my shirt. You need to watch where youre going. If you were watching where you were going we dont have a problem. You were pushin on me… I wanna sit all these guys down one day and just go, No ones pushin on you, okay? This is a crowded place, theres limited room and people are trying to leave. Its an accident. No ones ever left a crowded bar, Excuse me. Sorry. Excuse me. Sorry. Excuse me. Sorry. Sorry. Ha, ha, ha, ha!… Did you see it? Did you see it? I was pushin on him! I was pushin on him! He had a drink in his hand… No! No ones ever done that in the history of human interactions. But then that guy wants to fight me now. Really? You got to fight me over this? Were gonna fight now, really? This is the big battle youve been training for with all the weights and protein shakes? This to beat up me? Me? A guy whos built the same size as a starting forward for a JV girls basketball team? Dont you have some Asian symbol tattooed on your arm you can look at thatll calm you down for a few minutes? Respect Thyself and Environment. Sorry about that. I forgot for a minute. Again, you never see those guys saying anything nice, positive or intelligent. You never see them in a bar slamming a shot down. All right! Lets be really quiet and respect everyone elses space. You never seen them slam a shot down—- All right! Back to molecular Biology lab, immunology– Lets go fuckin find a cure for Lupus, bro! You never seen them slam a shot down—- All right! Those girls are really hammered. Lets make sure they get home safe. No. Ah, I feel bad making broad generalizations about men and women like that, but… Im pretty confident. To me its one of those things. Its like saying, black dudes are blown away by magic tricks. Stereotypes are fucked up, but thats ones on point. If anyone has footage of a black dude seeing a magic trick and not being blown away, show it to me. Ill never say that again. But until I see that footage, thats my favorite racial stereotype ever. Thats the best one. Nothing comes close. Oh, what do you got? Jewish people are really cheap. No, no, no. When a black dude sees a magic trick, his mind explodes. Bu-bu-but Asian people open up dry cleaning places a lot. No, no, no, no. When a black dude sees a magic trick, for a few moments he thinks its real, like theres a sorcerer on earth. If you dont know what Im talking about this is what happens, all right? They see the magic trick and then this– Boosh!– They got to walk away a minimum of 30 feet cause everything they know about reality has just been destroyed. They have to reassess existence from the ground up. Well, what always happens? They always turn around. Thats amazing! Thats amazing! Thats amazing! Thats amazing! Thats a beautiful way to treat things in life that you dont understand. You realize how much better the world would be if we all just treated each other the same way… black dudes treat magicians? Im serious. What if homophobic people saw gay people, theyd be like, Blah, its so gross! I dont understand this lifestyle! whyd he get married? Oh, wait. This doesnt effect my life at all and any love and joy in the world is a beautiful thing. Its amazing! Its amazing! Its amazing! Its amazing! Thatd be a better way for them to conduct themselves. Its a real phenomenon. If you dont believe me, this weekend go out to some fancy nightclub. Look around. See if you find an African-American bouncer walk up hed be like, Sorry, were at capacity. And hed be like, Oh, really? What if I give you the money? Hed be like, Oh, we dont do that here. And Id be like, Oh, yeah? What about this quarter behind your ear? Hed be like, Oh, shit, I didnt know you were a wizard! Come on in! Come on in! Come on in! Please dont turn me into a bird! Please dont turn me into a bird! Okay, Im sorry. You guys are cool. You guys are cool. I just need to see an ID. What do you mean check my back pocket? Whoa, thats amazing! Thats amazing! Thats amazing! Ive been ragging on those kind of jock-like-frat meathead guys, but if you want me to be honest, I really feel like all guys of this generation is kind of a sad state of affairs. Like, gentlemen are gone. We just have dudes. I get so bummed out when I talk to my friends that are like single females when you talk to them about what theyre looking for. Its such a sad conversation. Theyre just like, You know, just someone nice… and clean. Thats pretty much all theyre looking for. The bar is so low right now. Like, if youre a nice dude and youre clean, like you brush, shower, use deodorant every day, youre in the top one percent. You can pretty much fuck anybody, I promise. Just be nice and clean, women will take notice. Dont try to act cool. Just be nice and clean, women will notice. Theyll be like, What? What? What? You just held the door open for me and youre wearing pants? Come on, lets go. Lets go! I havent seen a dude in not cargo shorts in three years. Nice and clean. What? What? What? Did you just lift that heavy box and help me load it into my car? Can you lift your penis and load it into my vagina because…I thought courtesy was dead. Nice and clean. What? What? What? You just texted me and it wasnt a photo of your dick? Come on, lets go. This guy just texted me words! Wow. Theres no sadder sign of the times than that, huh? Men are out there texting women photos of their penis. All the time. You want to see something amazing? Watch this. Clap if youre a woman in the audience. Okay. Now clap if a dude has sent you a dick photo before. Was there even any difference in the applause?! There was just like two people who were like, Well, I dont have a cell phone. So… I guess I havent gotten one, but many have been emailed to me, yes, but, uh… That is so crazy. How did such a bizarre thing become so commonplace? Thats unbelievable. Thirty years ago, if I went up to some woman and I was like, Hi. I, uh, recently took some photos of my penis… and, uh, I just got em developed and… some of the shots look fantastic. Could I maybe get your mailing address, send you a few copies? Id get thrown in jail the next day and the headline would read, Polaroid Dick Bandit Busted! Its a strange thing. And Miss, you sitting here in the front, you said a guy sent you a dick photo. Now tell us about this. Now first off, this doesnt reflect badly on her some dude fucked her phone without her permission. Now who was this guy, was this a guy you were dating, was it a guy you just met? What was the situation? You dont want to talk about it? I mean, its not a big deal. All right, Miss, you sitting here right next to her… A guy sent you a dick photo, right? Tell us about this. Now was this a guy you were dating, was it a guy you just met? What was the situation? Lets say… the most recent time. Shes like, Aziz, you dont understand my life. I have an archive. Lets say the last time it happened. Was this a guy you were dating, was it a guy you just met? Dating? About how long into the relationship before it was like, Im gonna so something romantic today? A month in? And when he sent the photo, did he say anything with the photo or was it just the photo? Just the photo. Thats what I thought. Folks, this is another thing Ive learned in my research. Approximately 88.9 percent of all dick photos… have no message. Just the photo. Such a strange display of male arrogance. Its like, What am I gonna do? It speaks for itself. So stupid! First off, everyone knows what your dick looks like. No ones surprised. All dicks look the same. Theyre just dumb and boring looking. No ones ever got a dick photo and theyre like, Wow! Its so beautiful! Ive never seen one like this! Everyone, come in here look at this glorious penis I just got sent! Ah! It sparkles! No. They all look the same. Yes, theres some variations in size here and there, but generally, everyone knows what your dick looks like, unless its not circumcised. In which case, its terrifying. Keep it to yourself! So, next this guy sends you a dick photo. No message. And, did you write anything back, or did you say like, Im not gonna say anything? What was the situation? Cause thats a tough situation, right? Like if you dont write anything back its hard for him to like change the conversation. You cant send a dick photo and be like, Uh… You wanna go to a five star restaurant later maybe? Thats a tough predicament. The last question I want to ask you. The photo you got, was the gentleman erect in the photo? Yeah, I guess so, right? You cant send one where its like– Can you help me?! Ughh! Thats not a strong move at all. Im gonna do the rest of the show like this. No other comedians done a special from this squatting position. No, Ill stand back up. I myself, Ive never sent anyone a dick photo, but I wanted to do an experiment to see what it would be like to actually send someone a dick photo and see what kind of reaction you would really get. So I did an experiment. I had a friend. She didnt have my cell phone number. I got her cell phone number from another friend and I decided to send her a dick photo. So, I downloaded a white dick off the Internet. I ran it through a bunch of Instagram Hipstmatic-type filters, made it looked like a really hip dick… and then I sent it to her. And this is what happened. So first off, I just sent kind of like a generic hello-type text and I was like, Hey, uh, good meeting you the other night, Libby. Whatre you up to? And then I sent her the dick photo and underneath I wrote, Boom! An hour goes by… No response. Now, I want to keep the conversation going, but I dont want to seem too eager, so I just send her a text that just says, Question mark. She writes back, Who is this? I said, We made out at the club a while back, and you said I should give you a buzz sometime. Well– Buzzzzzz. Twenty minutes go by. No response. I write, I feel like you dont like me. Dont be mean. By the way, did you get my earlier text? Dick photo again– Boom! She writes back, I dont respond to people I dont know sending me pictures of their dick. I said, Thats too bad. I thought you were special. Twenty minutes go by. I still do. She writes, Stop texting me! Delete me off your phone! Never contact me again! And I said, Thats cold. Im gonna store you in my phone as Liquid Nitrogen cause thats how cold you are. An hour goes by. If you were inside a barrel and someone dipped a banana inside you and they dropped the banana on the ground, the banana would shatter… cause thats how cold you are. Another hour goes by. If you were inside a truck and the truck flipped over and you spilled all over the T-1000 from Terminator 2… he would harden… cause thats how cold you are. She writes, I know what liquid nitrogen does! Stop texting me! And then I realized I only had one last text to send her. So, I sent her a photo of a soft penis and I wrote, This is what my heart feels like right now. What is today? Today is what, Wednesday? Yeah? Anybody got any big plans for the weekend? Anybody going to the club over the weekend? Clubs are crazy places, man. Thats a crazy place to try to meet someone–at a club. People that go to clubs know its bad though, right? No one goes to a club like, All right, it smells like vomit, I cant hear anything, and the worst people in the world are here. Lets do this! No. They know its bad. But when you look in a club people are having a great time. Theyre having the best time. You know why? Its cause the music they play in nightclubs tricks people into thinking theyre having a good time. Theres this new kind of song thats come out that kind of brainwashes people into thinking theyre having a great time. Think about it. What kind of song is playing any time you walk into a club now? Its always something like, […] And, if its not one of those songs, its one of these songs where the rapper or the singer is engaging in these very luxurious activities and simply by virtue of listening to the song, you are now somehow also partaking in these activities with them. Like Id be one of those songs like, […] Dudes in the club, Oh, shit! Im on a jet right now? Wherere we flying to? I got work tomorrow! Whos paying for the jet? Dont put it on my tab! No, we cant split the jet! I didnt even have any of the jets! They should make a song thats like a reality check for all these people, you know? Maybe a song thats like, […] Philadelphia, thank you so much! Thank you! Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much! Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much! Thank you! Thank you so much. Wow, wow, wow! I– I cant tell you what a treat it is for me to get to travel around the country and perform in lovely theaters like this. Its my favorite thing I get to do in my career and, uh, I thank you for that. I have found no matter what I do in my career though, my dad is never impressed. Like, uh, hell call me up, hes like, What are you doing this summer? Im like, Im going to do this big theater tour, do a part in this movie. Hes like, What part are you doing in the movie? Are you starring in the movie? Im like, No, just one of the smaller parts. Hes like, Why arent you starring in the movie? Im like, Youre a Gastroenterologist. You put cameras in peoples butts. Why dont you go star in a movie? I saw your last movie. It was shit, literally. This is true. One time I sent him this video clip. I performed at this event that President Obama spoke at and I spoke and then the President spoke. When the President spoke, he mentioned me in his speech. He gave me a shout out. He was like, Aziz Ansari, I wanted to thank you for what you said earlier. I also want to let him know, Aziz, I got more Twitter followers than you do, man. And I was like, Whoa, the President just burned me. Thats pretty cool. I send the clip to my dad. He writes me back. Why dont you have more Twitter followers than the President? I got to meet the President at that show. Thats pretty crazy. You never think Youre ever gonna get to meet the President. And I was so nervous. You know, I was downstairs and it was just me and The Roots. The Roots had performed at this event as well. And hes coming down– Yeah, theyre fantastic. From Philadelphia, right? And, uh, you know, so hes coming down. Im very nervous, you know, cause theres like Secret Service guys around– POTUS will be down in two minutes. POTUS will be down in two minutes. POTUS down in two minutes. And Im expecting something very brief, quick and formal. You know, just like, Thank you for your time– Photo. Thank you for your time– Photo. Thank you for your time– Photo. Thats what Im expecting. All right? This what happens instead. Im not exaggerating. He comes down—- Oh, snap! Its The Roots! Whats goin on? You guys are like my house band. Youre at every event. And Im just there like, What? Thats how he talks? And hes just running around chopping it up with all The Roots guys, being very charming and cool. And, uh, he goes up to one of The Roots who has like a flower lapel in his jacket, something kinda like this, and hes like, Uh, what is this? Are you a magician? You can pull a rabbit out of there? Look at this fool– Ha, ha, ha! Which, by the way, further backs up my black dude magician theories cause… I have not seen the rabbit out of the flower trick. So he says hi to them and he finally– he comes over to me and, uh, we start talking. Hes very nice, super charming… Exactly how youd hope for him to be and its time for us to take a photo. And Im there with a friend of mine and she has a purse. And hes like, Lets get a good photo of the three of us. Lets get a good photo. Ah, put your purse down. Dont worry about your purse. Your purse will be fine. We got good security back here. Ah-hah! And thats when I realized this dude acts the exact same way I would act if I was the President. Just running around, talking shit, cracking jokes. Whats up?! How much did we raise tonight? $5 million? Fuck it. Lets go to the club. Lets celebrate! Turn that into a campaign event, $20,000 a head. Im DJ-ing. DJ POTUS, lets go! These are my favorite gigs I get to do as a comedian. A lot of times when youre a comic you get asked to do these weird things that make no sense like, um, I got asked to go to this charity event once. Its this charity called Make It Right. They rebuild homes in the lower 9th ward in New Orleans. Its a very cool cause. And theyre like, Aziz, could you help us out? And I was like, Sure. What do you need? Theyre like, Could you host our After Party? And I was like, What does that mean? Theyre like, Could you introduce Seal? And I was like, The singer guy, like, I am just gonna go up there and say some stuff and then Seal is gonna pop up? Yeah. And I was like, You know what? I love New Orleans. This sounds cool. Lets do it. So Im there in New Orleans. Im backstage with Seal. Seal has no idea who I am. Im not on Seals radar, sonar– nothing, and… its time for me to do his intro and this is what I do. I go onstage, I go, Ladies and gentlemen, our next performer, hes actually running a little bit late. So, uh, he wanted to know maybe if I can sing one of his hit songs for him in order to kill some time. So, I guess theres nothing left to say but– Whats that, Seals here? Sorry, I cant hear you. Whats that? Seals ready to go? Hm, I feel like at this point maybe I should finish my version. And I did that shit for way too long and… Finally I bring Seal up. Seal doesnt even say anything to me. He just puts his arm around my shoulder and goes… Cause I get it, you know? Seal doesnt know Im a comedian. He just thinks Im some crazy brown guy thats seizing the moment… So I can impress Seal and sign to Walrus Records and start my R&B career as The Brown Penguin. But the event went well. I did get to meet Seal. Very nice, very smooth. Everything he said was so smooth. You know, I was standing in a elevator with this girl. He looks over. He goes, My only regret is that I do not have a photograph to capture this moment…forever. And I was just like, Oh, my God. Seal, I wanna fuck you. That was…beautiful. No one ever speaks to me like that. And then I realized Seals lyrics are not lyrics. Thats how he talks all the time. Seals at the optometrist. The optometrist is like, Seal, whats wrong with your eyes? Hes like, […] Seal, what the hell are you talking about? The weather should not be affecting your vision that way, Seal. We need to run some tests. Sheila, get a bunch of snow here. Lets see if Seals eyes start getting wide. Youre at a dinner party with Seal. Seal, hows the chicken? […] So…So the event went well. I had a good time. The next day they had another event. It was like a charity dinner, charity auction. So I went to that. Had a lot of fun. They had a lot of wine there. I drank a lot of wine. And then the next day I woke up and I was like, Oh, Wh-what did I do last night? Weve all had those moments. I had maybe one of the most bizarre instances of that happening though. Cause I woke up the next morning I was like, Oh, what did I do last night? I think I bid and won a charity auction to be an extra in the next Tyler Perry movie. Yep, this is 100 percent true. I paid an exorbitant amount of money at a charity auction so me and a friend of my choice could be extras in the next Tyler Perry movie. So, next summer when you go to see a Madea Goes To Jail 3 and you see me and Seal in the background just… Youll know why. Guys, thank you so much. Philadelphia! You guys were amazing! Thank you very much for coming out! I really appreciate it! Thank you so much! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you, the married couple! Dick photo people! Thank you very much! Thank you!

SARAH SILVERMAN@WE ARE MIRACLES@2013@ Hey, I like your knee socks. Theyre not knee socks. Theyre fashion tights. Its all one… whatever. You wouldnt get it. Yeah, I do. You mean theyre opaque black up to the thigh, sheer black up top. Yeah, thats… thats exactly right. Yeah, I like it. I think its hot. Yeah, I like it too. Ive just been really into, like, wearing my thighs out lately. I feel like its sexualish and superpowery. Mmm, you like that superpower sex, huh? Yeah! Yes, I see why you think thats funny. Like in your world, thats probably really clever wordplay. Could you guys buzz off? Im trying to focus. Focus on what? The wall? Focus on what? The wall? Thats what you sound like. No, Im shooting a special here for HBO. Maybe youve heard of it. Its kind of a big deal. At Largo? Thats, like, barely 300 seats. Well, Im actually doing it in the… the littler room. The little room? Thats like 50 seats. 39 with the fire marshal code. Whatever! Hey, you need to call your agent. Cant be doing no HBO special for 39 people! Thats like super tiny. Its called intimate, fuckface! Whats that, pot? Mmm mmm. Its a bunch of stuff. Hey, tell us a joke. What do you call a car full of Mexicans? What? Pains in my ass… …hole. Please put your hands together for Miss Sarah Silverman. Tell me Im great. What? Tell me Im great! Tell me Im great! Youre crazy-8. Crazy great. Oh. I very rarely, occasionally, obsessively watch porn on my phone. And when I do, I integrate it into my nighttime rituals. I wash my face. I floss. I take a puff. Then I brush. Then I do my stretches. Then I type in my search words. Let me just say, my search words are not anything I would want to happen in real life. I dont know why theyre my search words, but they are. A great man once said, The heart wants what it wants. So my search words are: gangbang… would not want that to happen in real life; um, amateur… cause I dont like seeing, like, piercings and tattoos… it takes me out of it; cum… which I would not have thought you had to put cum. I thought that was a given in pornography. You have to put cum. If you dont, you might not get cum. If anything, I would think youd put non-cum if you dont want cum. And then theres one more. Oh, high-fives. So… I put my iPhone… I lean it against my water on my nightstand. And… I think Im maybe the only person that watched this video all the way till the end end end, like when the video freezes. Its, of course, a gangbang and, you know, basically ends with all the guys coming on the ladys face. And… I dont know why face was the quiet word there. All the men come on the ladys face. And then right before the video freezes, I heard a guy say to her, Hey, great job. I know you were sick. You find humanity… in the oddest of places. So my mom was in the hospital and I visited her. I dont need segues. The brain doesnt work that way. A train of thought bounces around from thing to thing. But anyway, speaking of a whole bunch of men coming on a ladys face, my mothers been sick. And I visited her in the hospital and she said, Its weird, you know? There was this Jewish volunteer service that came by and they were visiting the Jewish patients, which is nice, but isnt that so, like, elitist? Like what, do they, like, banana around the non-Jewish patients? Like, None for you. But my mothers last name is OHara. She married a John OHara. And she said, They visited me. Like, how they did know I was Jewish? And we looked into it and it turns out they count how many times you press the call button. I had a, um… you ever have a memory and you… that you havent had since the event happened? You know what I mean? Its so crazy. I had this memory of being like three and I would shower with my mother. And, like, my moms… okay, my mom got her water from the showerhead, like thats where she would get her water with which to cleanse herself. That water would then cascade down her ample bosom and, like, pike off of her 70s Jew bush… that was my water. And thats the thing, it was a happy memory. I associate it with happy. I dont know why. Like, it was my very own curly shower or something. Maybe because we didnt need words. You know, it wasnt like she was like, You get your water from my pubes, you know. We didnt need any of that. It was like I was… I was like a native that knew you could get water from this leaf or something. It was very… animalistic. I was a bedwetter well into my teens. And when youre a bedwetter, theres only one group of people you can feel better than: bedshitters. And unfortunately theyre hard to come by. You know? I love this… The HBO 39. But I grew up in New Hampshire, and there are not many Jews in New Hampshire. And we… we werent really raised with any religion. We were just Jewish in that it oozed out of our pores, you know. Um, but I didnt feel so different until maybe like around third grade. Kids started blaming me for my people killing Jesus. I remember even then thinking, Its not like we killed baby Jesus. I mean, the man, like… He had quite a run. He was 33. 33 is young. If someone dies now at 33, its terrible. But I mean, back then, in the olden oldie-timey times… 33 was like elderly. 33… dying at 33 was like he had a full life, you know. And by the way, youre welcome. If we had not killed him, he wouldnt even be famous. You know, and nothing seems crazy when youre used to it. Theres so much crazy shit everywhere. Were used to it. And everything seems crazy when youre not used to it. Thats why so many comics make fun of Scientology, right? Because like… well, because its a batshit crazy religion, but its no more batshit crazy than, like, every single religion. Its just new, you know. Christianity is super old, but its fucking crazy. I mean, its… youre born a sinner. By being born, you are a sinner and youre going to hell. But you can just apologize and then you can go to heaven. No big deal. If youre a murderer… same thing, its just apologize and go to heaven. You can be Hitler and go to confession and say, Forgive me, Father, I killed six million Jews. And the priest would just be like, No problem. Say 10 Heil Marys. And Hitler goes to heaven. Hitler goes to heaven… is the name of my band. Scientology is weird because its new. Its… it feels weird in our ear holes to hear people worshipping a guy named Ron. We know Rons in our life. He had to change his name to L. Ron because there was another Ron Hubbard in the Writers Guild. Thats how recent a religion it is. And people who follow their religion to the letter of the law are just silly. I mean, I want to tell Hasidic Jews, I promise you, God will not mind if you wear a nice cotton blend in the summer. Youre being fucking ridiculous! But we live in the greatest country in the world. A country where we have freedom of religion and separation of church and state, only we dont at all and nobody says anything cause were used to it. It says, In God we trust on our money. It says, In God we trust above the judges bench in a courtroom, in a court of law where you have to put your hand on a Bible… the Christian Bible. Its not my Bible. I mean, if… if I tell the truth, its because I tell the truth, not because I put my hand on a book and made a wish. Its fucking crazy. Thats craziness. And stop telling girls they can be anything they want when they grow up. I think… I think its a mistake. Not because they cant, but because it wouldve never occurred to them they couldnt. Youre planting that seed in their heads. Its like saying, Hey, when you get in the shower, Im not gonna read your diary. Hold on. Are you gonna read my diary? What? Are you crazy? I just said Im not gonna read your diary. Get in the shower. Girls grow up so fast. Its like they dont have childhoods anymore. Theyre sexualized so early, you know. I… a girlfriend of mine has a little baby girl and I babysat her. I changed her diaper… totally shaved. Six months old. What a country. Thats my new catchphrase. I know that Yakov Smirnoff said it in the 80s, but Im repurposing it with a malaise. I just wanna shake girls. All the girls here, I wanna just tell you you dont need a vaginal deodorant, okay? I know it seems like a real thing because theres real commercials and for some reason we trust that… that commercials mean its real, you know? And theres real products on shelves. No, its a made-up need made by greedy, money-addicted, faceless corporations preying on a womans greatest insecurity… smelly vagina. If you use regular soap and water in the show… use whatever you wash your asshole with. How about that? Surely thats strong enough for your disgusting vagina. Rinse, and if when you get out of the shower, theres still like something, like a rancidishness coming, um, go to the doctor. Dont spray perfume on it. Thats fucking crazy. Thats what a crazy person would do. Do you see now? Are your eyes open? Are you living a conscious life? Im lucky I dont have to worry about that because… Ive been with a few men who have told me that my vagina smells like a, um, a peach… a peach tree. A… a peach tree dish. Is that a thing? That joke took real acting. Real-life acting. You had the craziest reaction. He just… his arms were folded and he just went like… Like, Oh, Sarah! Youre incorrigible. Oh, Im corrigible. Its not all The Man. It isnt. Its not all corporate America. Its us too. We have to take responsibility too. We shit on ourselves. We-we scrutinize ourselves. We-we-we… we think that self-deprecation is modesty. Its not. Its self-obsession, and theres no room for anything else. You think… you think Mother Theresa walked around complaining that the tops of her thighs touched? I mean, they didnt. She was stick thin, the fucking bitch. But she wasnt like, Okay, this is fine, okay? But its like then I clench and its all oatmeal. No, she was busy. She had things to do. You know one thing Ive noticed, people who say the phrase, Threw me under the bus, um, say it lot. You know? And I dont think its because they get thrown under the bus a lot. I think its because they… they deflect blame a lot. I think its because they look inward not a lot. And I… you know, Jesus had a great quote… and I know all his quotes are great. Theres no Jesus B-sides. But… and Im paraphrasing… but its basically like, If you dont deal with your shit, your shit deals with you. You know, but it had like doth in it. And… its so true. And I made a short list that I think can help people who dont look inward ever. Um, one: if you quit being cunty, the whole world will stop being against you. If you have terrible luck with roommates, youre the terrible roommate. Its you, doll. If you feel like the whole world is judging you all the time, youre an alcoholic. I dont know why, but specifically alcohol. Dear sirs, your middle-aged pierced ear tells a different story than you think it does. To women of a certain age: your heartbreaking and drastic attempts to look younger are the reason your daughter doesnt dream about her future. Insecurity burbles up in all corners of us, you know. Either you have a chip on your shoulder, you feel like people are disrespecting you all the time, or you get really braggy. You want people to know who you know, but you, like, hide it by shitting on them. Like, How many fucking videos of a monkey smelling his assy fingers and falling out of a tree can Helen Mirren send me? Its like ridic. Look at my space work there. Its impressive, isnt it? What does that tell you? BlackBerry. Guess what? Guess what? I dont even own a BlackBerry. I shadowed someone who does for months… to do that bit. There are people that… its their survival. Its the way they deal with life, to see themselves differently than the way the rest of the world sees them, you know. You get the idea if these people were one or two degrees more onto themselves, theyd fucking kill themselves. I consider myself one of them. I get out of the shower and Im like, Nice try, mirror. Those are obviously my moms boobs. Sometimes insecurity proves you right. I mean, I… when I moved to L.A., I had an eyebrow. And my roommate at the time was like, Hey, lets go make this into two. Like, each eye can have one. And so I went to her waxing lady. I had never been to like a waxing lady and the lady called me in and Im like following her into a room and she turns around and she goes, What are we doing today? Just the mustache? I dont have a mustache. What? I bleach my mustache. That means its invisible. Bright yellow means you cant see it. But she did, she waxed it, and I remember walking out of the door and being like… I could feel the wind on it, you know? What about this one? Yeah, whatever. That, like, jerk-off thing. I believe thats from insecurity. Yeah, whatever. Pfftt. What is a guy saying when he does that? Hes saying, Whatever it is were talking about here, I dont give a shit. Really? I think you do give a shit. If he didnt give a shit, wouldnt he be just be like… I think you do give a shit, sir. What is he saying? Hes saying, Whatever it is were talking about here, please dont think I care. Oh my God, I would die if you thought I cared. In exchange, feel free to know my personal jerking-off style. It is so important to me that you think I dont care about whatever it is were talking about here, Im willing to exchange that for you knowing that my masturbation style is that, like, I dont… I dont move my hand. My hand is still and I, like, fuck my hand. My hand is locked. And then, like, I fuck… I pretend its a vagina. Im not a faggot. And I fuck my hand. I make it like shes shorter than me. Like its lower and I have to like scoop it in. Oh, fuck you. Sometimes I say it. I go, Scoop. Scoop. Scoop. But please dont think I care. Oh my God. I would die. Traumatic things happened to that guy. Traumatic things happened to all of you, by the way. Traumatic things happened to all of us. We just dont realize it because theres no music informing us how to feel or whats gonna come up. Theres no slow motion. It just happens in real time and then the next moment and the next moment. My sister used to babysit me when I was three. And she would… she would… okay, I used to think this was a heartbreaking story about me. Its a heartbreaking story about my sister Susie, because she was so, um… she was so starved for love, she was so needy for love. And she would come out and shed say, Sarah, if I drink this orange juice, Im gonna turn into a monster. And I was so scared. I wish I had the foresight to say, Hey, how about dont even pour the orange juice? But I didnt. I didnt think that far ahead. I was three. And Id go… Susie, no no! Shed go… whip open the laundry nook and put on this brown leather ski mask… which why the Silverman family needed a brown leather ski mask I still do not know. She puts it on and she like… I mean I thought I was going to die. I felt the feeling of Im going to die when I was three. And then this is whats so heartbreaking, shed go… I will only turn back into Susie if you hug me. Like, I wish I had the wherewithal to be like, Suse, you want a hug? Id love to hug you. Lets cut out the middleman where I shit my pants. But instead Im inching towards this monster Im terrified of to hug it. Oh God, Im sorry. Thats every relationship Ive ever been in. There you go. Breakthrough on stage, HBO Special. She would take the… that threw me for a loop. Shed take the biggest knife out of the kitchen drawer and be like, Its so funny. Like, I could kill you right now. Isnt that funny? She gets so upset when I bring this up. No, shes so sweet now. And she… it literally makes her cry when I bring this up, but thank God, umm… she doesnt have HBO. But shes like this liberal, hippy, feminist rabbi that lives in Israel now and shes got five kids and her oldest daughter is going to Brandeis next year, which is… only from Israel can going to Brandeis be a step down in Jewy-ness. I dont know if youre familiar with Brandeis. Its not technically a Jewish school, but I think the team mascot is a nose. If that helps you at all. Okay, this would be terrible if I had just made it up. I didnt. This is really upsetting. But the University of North Carolina did a study and what they found was that 9/11 widows give great handjobs. And I… Dont shoot the messenger. I wish it wasnt true, but… or I am happy for them and their new… boyfriends. I made that up. Im sorry. I made that up. I thought of it and it made me giggle, and then I got really sad, and then I still needed to say it to you. I dont know what part of me needs to say to you that 9/11 widows give great handjobs. Thats dark. Thats something Im gonna talk about in therapy. But I wanted to say it. I needed to say it to you, and so I built a frame around it that forced you to not be able to blame me for saying it. And… but you know what? I feel like you should take some of the blame. Honestly, because you decided to believe that the University of North Carolina would spend money on a study of, what? Trauma-based handjobs? Thats crazy. Youre crazy. Youre being crazy right now. Hmm, I need more rape jokes. I do. I… rape jokes are a hidden gem in comedy. Let me explain. Rape, obviously the most heinous crime imaginable. Rape jokes are great. No, because they make a comic seem so edgy and so dangerous. And the truth is its like the safest area to talk about in comedy, because who is gonna complain about a rape joke? I mean, I would say rape victims, but theyre traditionally not complainers. I know. Thats a tasteless joke about the fact that rape victims often dont report rape. I mean, the worst thing that could happen really is someone comes up to you after a show and is like, Look, Im a victim of rape and I just wanna say I thought that joke was insensitive and inappropriate and totally my fault and I am so sorry. Yeah! Right? Lets take back the night back. Oh God. I hope I dont have to say that, you know, no woman is asking to be raped. I actually do think there are some women who are asking to be motorboated. I have a dog who is 19 years old and thats true. And he… you know, sometimes the audience claps because theyre really happy for me that I took care of a 19-year-old… No, forget it now! Dont. Stop. He has got these beautiful big blue eyes floating over his big brown eyes and he, um… His breath, um… Ive really really thought about this. His breath smells like if all the farts from all the different, like, cultures and nations in the world combine together… and then passed through my grandpas teeth. And he was constipated and its so heartbreaking. You know, when a dog gets constipated and they… you can tell because their little knees like quiver. They quiver. And hes pushing so hard and then, like, something broke through and his mouth made a shape Ive never seen on a dog. I didnt know it was possible. It was like a perfect circle. Like, Ohh! And his little tiny rectum was bleeding… Awww. …and I went to take a picture and I… for the vet. The vet… is what I call Twitter. And… You know, when you take a picture, but its video and you dont realize it? It was basically a picture, but it was like a second and a half and it had breath, ended with me going like, Urg. Hes great now. He shits like crazy. Only thing that keeps him from shitting in his pants is he… he… he doesnt wear pants. Thats a terrible joke. If you do have a dog, heres a great game. Youre gonna love this. When youre having sex, lock eyes with your dog. And then you see who looks away first. Its a fun game. Pussy. Pussy is a word… it used to have so much power over me. When I was in high school, the word pussy, it was so… it grossed me out and yet it was titillating and I just had… I felt like I had Christmas lights inside me. It just affected me so much. I dont even understand how, but when I was young it was like if somebody said it or if I read it somewhere or sometimes I would write it down and look at it… Now Im just dead inside. Pussy, pussy. Who cares? I found a way to make pussy gross again. Its so simple. All you have to do is puff out your cheeks when you say it. Like, Puhssy. Puhssy. Puhssy. Now say that becomes old hat, you can add some elements: um, a deadness in the eyes, a lisp. Puthy. Hey, man, you wanna go out and look for some puthy? Puthy. Puthy. You look so confused. You dont know how to feel. Just like me when I first heard puthy. If youre drunk and throw up on a mans penis mid-blowjob, you can save the moment if you can muster a ta-da. I love you guys. This is embarrassing. This is a… this is a confession, okay? Uh. Sometimes I get an orgasm from giving a blowjob. Is that normal? Is that, like… to get an orgasm from giving a… oh, not giving a blowjob, taking a shit. Ohh. I… you dont understand. Im at a show too. Youre my show and that joke… is so fun to tell because, like, at the first juncture, the guys are like this, and the girls are like this. And then it just goes whoo! Its like the wave. Dont forget God can see you masturbating. But dont stop. Hes almost there. Im just kidding. Theres no God. I believe in miracles though. I really do. I mean, theyre obviously science-based. But… theyre beyond my comprehension, so to me theyre miracles. Thats what miracles are. And we are miracles. Think about this: every single person in this room tonight, all 39… including me, 40 of us, there was a time in history… a blip ago in the scope of history… where we were all microscopic specks. That was far out, right? Everybody got deep. There was a time where you could fit a million of me on the head of a pin. There was a time where I lived in my dads balls. Thats the only life I knew. There was a time where I literally was choking on my dads cum. I was five. No, Im just kidding. Thats disgusting. Erase. Thats not part of that joke. I… Its just it went in my head and then I… I couldnt be alone with it. There was a time… my dad, Donny Schleppy Silverman, who does my taxes, who I Skype with every Saturday… there was a time where I literally exploded… out of the-guy-who- taught-me-to-skis penis hole. I cant believe I was ever that thin. Im an Obama person. Yeah? I like him. Ive liked Obama since before he ran for president the first time, when he was a senator in Chicago. Not like Im so smart or hoity-toity. I just… he was on Letterman and I thought he was cool. And I remember when he decided to run for president, I was like, Im gonna work on that campaign. And I did. And because I live in Los Angeles, I could go to this fundraiser out here that was just star-studded, like a whos-who. And you could walk… you know, he was just a senator at the time, so you could walk right up to him and pet him and I did. I wanted to think of something smart to say or a question to ask and I was like… Senator Obama, when you were a student in Boston, did you ever encounter any racism? And Ill never forget what he said. He said… he said, Im Kanye West. And I was like, Totally. Im Kanye West too. We all are. I get it. I get it. Were so divided. We live in a very divided country. Like, its crazy, you know? Its not even about ideas anymore. Its not even about ideals anymore. Its just teams. Its just the Red Sox and the Yankees. Its just hatred, you know? And I think whether youre liberal or youre conservative, its so important to remember that we, all of us, love our families, love our country, believe what were doing is right. You know, maybe liberals are a little more open-minded, a little more progressive. You know, maybe conservatives are a little less progressive, a little more faggotish. But I pray for them. I do. I was just literally praying for the billions of teeny, tiny Republicans that die every single year in hookers assholes. I know what some of you are thinking, and youre right, youre right. Really? Thats what youre gonna pick on, the Republican Party? Thats what youre pick… choosing to pick on? You know, I mean, surely there are Democrats that have butt sex with prostitutes. Youre right. Youre 100% right. There are. But Democrats arent trying to take my rights away. So when a Democrat gives a hooker anal warts, she can then go to a clinic and get that shit zapped. Its just bewildering to me that a party that is so about having big government out of their backyard is so intent on legislating my puthy, my pussy. My pu… my pussy. People dont make the simplest connections, you know? Hmm, I feel like I have shit here. I dont? Thatd be my biggest fear. Okay. Do I have anything in my teeth? I ate blueberries. Yeah, people dont make the simplest connections. I think because were so close to our own lives, you know, but even in deep ways, but even in not deep… like I used to work at a club… like a music club kinda like this. It had tables and I was… you know, I lit the candles at the tables and put the fliers out and stuff. And the band that was playing had sound check. And they did their sound check and left. But the drummer stayed and she was just sitting at her drums, watching me set up. And I was talking to her and I made some stupid joke and she goes, Ba-dum-bump. I was like, You know that comes from drums, right? Youre sitting at drums. Its like people who go, Dont get your dog from a breeder! Get your dog from a shelter. Youre a fucking asshole if you get your dog from a breeder. Okay, I agree. I got my dog from a shelter. But its always coming from a woman whos like nursing a baby with four other kids and I just wanna say like, Get your people from a shelter. You know there are human puppies in shelters, right? But people dont like people as much as they like dogs cause they dont… they dont see what they hate in themselves looking back in a dogs eyes, you know? If Africa was just all Labradoodles dying of AIDS… we would take care of it in one day. But I wanna have kids. Im great with kids. I am. I have a lot of bits. Like little girls between, like, two and six-ish, I like to go like this, I go… Im gonna tell you a secret. You cannot tell anybody. Im a princess. But I dress regular so people treat me normal. And their brains fucking explode. Its so funny. And then the rest of the day, theyre spying me like Im a celebrity, which I know I am, but a lot of toddlers dont know that. And it does, it levels the playing field. Or boys or girls like toddler age, like two-year-olds, if their parents, like, introduce me, I like to go, Im your new mommy. Theyre so into their mommies at that age. – Theyre always like… – No, youre not. And then I go, Im just kidding. And then just as they start to relax, I go, Im your real mommy. Thats more just fun for me. But I do, I want a baby. The thing with me is, like, the caveat is I dont want like a 10-year-old in 10 years. You know what I mean? I want a baby. I figured out a solution I think works for me. Im not preaching it to anybody, but, um, like, I think Im gonna adopt, like, terminally-ill babies… every six months to two years-ish or… I feel like there is a blanket of judgment in this area. Why? Are you thinking, What kind of person would look to adopt a dying baby? I mean, I think an amazing person. Im amazing. I have a hu… my heart is too big. Like, I cant take it. My heart cant take… I dont like being made to feel. Like Pixar movies? No fucking way. Wall-E? Like the idea to me of a lonely robot in space breaks me. Good, bad… I dont wanna feel. I dont like it. Like, my mother sent me an email that said, Elephants reunite after 20 years! Delete. I am not even gonna read that. That will kill me. Im afraid it will kill me. Those commercials with a starving kid in Africa with flies buzzing around him? I have to remind myself, like, Its just an actor. Its just an actor. I love being able to see all 39 of you. Like, its so cool. But you know whos amazing is the Make-a-Wish Foundation. Just to… you know, they… if youre not familiar with what they do, they work with terminally-ill children and young adults. And what they will do is they will grant these kids any wish they dream up, except for not dying. Which I feel like Im being nitpicky, cause what they do is amazing, but like, I feel like thats gonna be maybe even like 60% of their #1 wishes. I just feel like if there was a suggestion box or something, Id say, Maybe call it Make-another-Wish. You guys did a great job. Im gonna reward you with an incredible song. Oh oh. Is this in tune? Are you a musician? Oh, you should get a haircut. All right. Lets make this real hot and sexy. Nothing but the best for the Largo 39. ? If you call yourself a diva ? ? You better be a singer ? ? And not somebody ? ? Cutting me in line ? ? Oh-oh-oh ? ? If you call yourself a diva ? ? You better sing a solo ? ? And not be someone treating me unkind ? ? If you call yourself a diva ? ? It better be for reals ? ? And not some sad, pathetic ? ? Kind of front ? ? If youre selfish and youre thoughtless ? ? And youre broken ? ? And youre heartless ? ? Youre probably not a diva ? ? Youre a cunt ? ? Cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt cunt ? ? Cunt cunt ? ? Cunt cunt cunt cunt ? ? Cunt cunt cunt ? ? Cunt ? ? Cunt ? ? Cunt cunt ? ? Cunt cunt cunt cunt ? ? Cunt cunt cunt ? ? Cunt ? ? Cunt ? ? Cu-uuunt ? ? Cunt. ? Thank you so much. Good night! Hey, how did it go? Oh, it was, uh… you know, its hard to say cause its me and its… comedy is so subjective, you know. But I guess if I had to say in one word, Id describe it as, like, game changer. Oh, thats two words, what am I saying? Um… mind blowing. Thats two words again, God! Okay, Im gonna have to describe it in two words. Uh, great job, Sarah. Hey!

RUSSELL BRAND@MESSIAH COMPLEX@2013@?? (cheers and applause) (cheers and applause) ?? (man speaking German) (announcer) Ladies and gentlemen… Russell Brand. ?? (cheers and applause) ? Your own personal Jesus ? ? Someone who hears your prayers ? ? Someone who cares ? ? Your own personal Jesus ? ? Someone to hear your prayers ? ? Someone whos there ?? (cheers and applause) Hello, everyone! Im really happy to be with you here in London. Im from near here. Im happy to be with you. Are you all right? – Do you feel basically – benevolent? Youre really near the stage for that level of enthusiasm. Im really, really happy to be in London. Ive been traveling around a lot. Ive been in America a lot. So Im incredibly grateful to be here. – Ive spent a lot of time – in airports. Dealing with airport security has made me think actually have we not considered that with the world perhaps on the precipice of another Middle Eastern war, with environmental and economical disasters all around us, isnt it possible that airport security have taken possession of fruit a bit fucking seriously? Have you got any fruit? – Have you been near fruit, – have you seen fruit? Remember those Munch Bunch commercials? You smell zesty. I got a pretty impressive criminal record for drugs. Hard drugs. Man drugs. Im not keen to add to my charge sheet was arrested on suspicion of fruit smuggling. I dont want to wind up in Wormwood Scrubs with me new cellmates. Yeah, I fucking killed some cunt to get in here. I ran a pretty successful crime organization. What did you do? I smuggled a bunch of bananas into this country! And Id do it again, I would! I aint learned a thing! I dont do that voice often cause it comes to me too easily. (cheers and applause) – Yeah, I know, – I feel it too. Ah… Messiah Complex. – This is my show, – this is the image. It was designed by the American street artist Shepard Fairey. Messiah complex is a psychological condition wherein the sufferer believes themselves to be Jesus Christ, the messianic figure sent to Earth to save humanity. – Why would you be interested – in that subject, Russell? Youre such an unassuming, well-balanced young man. Well, my interest has been piqued by the knowledge that there is a mental hospital in Jerusalem with a ward exclusively dedicated to sufferers of the messiah complex. Dont you think thats a bit of a cruel thing to do to someone who thinks theyre Jesus… Put them in a room full of other people who also think that they are Jesus? – Thats going to cause conflict, – surely. Oh, what a day it is to be the Son of God in Jerusalems holy city. – Ooh, Im going to have to stop – you there, brother. For it is I that wear the thorny crown and bear the golden chalice of our Lord. Oh, my brother, you are mistaken. – You are sick – with a malady. But I heal thee. I heal thee, I heal thee. You are mistaken. You are mistaken. You are mistaken. You are mistaken. You are mistaken. You are mistaken. You are mistaken. But I forgive you. Oh, well-played! What social, cultural conditions would require someone to conjure a Christ of the mind? What is lacking from our society where people are in so much desperate need for something to believe in they create their own personal Jesus in their heads? Well, the German philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche famously said… All right, um, I should warn you at this point, okay, theres clever things in this show, okay? Uh, dont worry about it. – Maybe you are – a clever person – And youll already know – the clever thing, In which case youll get the warm, clever-person glow of knowing something, like the first few seconds of wetting yourself. Oh, I knew the clever thing. – I already knew that – clever thing. (mumbling) Or maybe you wont know the clever thing, – you know, but dont feel – embarrassed about this Because, you know, I only know this stuff because someone took the time to tell me. Just because I know and you dont know, – it doesnt mean – Im better than you, – It just means Im different – from you In a way thats better. The German philosopher Friedrich Nietzsche said, God is dead. Well, what are the repercussions of such a statement? The implications are that – there is nothing that we can – believe in That isnt tangible and palpable, that cant be described and understood by our senses. We can only believe in that which we can understand. To this, the British writer G.K. Chesterton responded, the death of God doesnt mean that man will believe in nothing, but that he will believe in anything. Ooh. This means there is a vacuum of belief. What has fallen into this vacuum of belief? Well, I would argue one thing is the phenomenon of celebrity, where we have a pantheon of celebrities that we overvalue, over-worship, overpay, over-extol the virtues of, celebrate unduly. Now Im aware of some hypocrisy at this point because I am a celebrity. – Ive not come to London to moan – about celebrity, Not in these fantastic boots! Im not complaining about a cultural ideology that has plucked me from a life of poverty and obscurity and dropped me into a life thats kind of like a tumble dryer filled with tits and money. Like a crystal maze filled with vaginas. Keep that for later. Im just saying what cultural consequences are impacting us as a result of that ideology? – That my friends are all kind of – normal people, – They are – impressed by celebrity. My mate Mick, for example… Mick is a very, uh, heavy person in body and mind and manner of, uh, speaking. He speaks in a slow, uh, faltering voice, as if hes about to, uh, say something, uh, important, then he, uh, doesnt. – But you will not fully – appreciate the phenomenon of Mick without seeing him, so here is a photograph of the moment Mick met Usher. (audience laughing) The reason this image is significant is because when it is discovered by extraterrestrial archaeologists picking through the wreckage of our civilization, they will assume that it was Usher that asked for that photo to be taken. Look at Usher. Hes all enthusiastic. Hes leaning in. Mick looks like hes forgotten whats happening. I would argue that this is because Mick has no integral relationship with Usher, his music or his dancing. He just acknowledges that Usher is famous and fame is a commodity to be craved. Now am I influenced by those ideas, me, as a person who has access to fame? – I thought surely not, Ive done – too much work on meself. But then I remembered the Olympics, right? – Cause when it was – announced that the Olympics Would be held in our country, I was very cynical. – I was like… – (scoffing) Fuck that shit. Sport is sanitized war. Its a festival of propaganda designed to distract us from whats truly important to keep us spellbound and docile, passive consumers reduced to nonentities, inactive – and not participating – in our society. But when the Olympics started and we won a few medals, I got so influenced and into it that by the closing ceremony of the games, I was fucking in it. Dressed as Willy Wonka on top of a bus, signing I Am the Walrus. – Doing a fucking – mobile! By then I didnt want to hear anybody talking negatively about the Olympics. – Hey, you realize this is – distracting us from wars. Ill fucking do a war on you – if you dont get behind these – Olympics. Best thing thats happened to this country! The day after that, a moment of which I was temporarily quite proud. I got a phone call from Noel Gallagher. (audience cheering) – Well, I hope youre still – cheering him After this hurtful comment. He goes… left an answering phone message. Well, well, well. Two weeks of glory and how does it all end? Old Mr. Skinny Legs on top of a bus murdering The fucking Beatles. I dont care about things like nation, concepts such as nations dont mean anything to me. Its an artificial construct. I dont care about hierarchal systems such as the monarchy. For me, its a meaningless form of social control. But during the Olympics, – I dont know – what happened to me. I was on a chat show, – the producer – came in and asked me, Russell, in the next dressing room, weve got two lady gold medalists, Olympic rowers. – Would you like to – meet them? I said, Yes! Yes, I would, maam! – Who are you – calling maam? The queen! Is she here? No, shes here in my heart! Because in that moment, I felt connected to the Olympic games, I felt connected to those lady Olympic rowers, I felt connected to the nation, – I felt connected to – the child, The tangled, broken boy Id once been. All these phenomenon suddenly is linked as inextricably as the rings of the Olympic logo. Sounds quite good, doesnt it? – Lets see – what it looked like. (audience laughing) I look like an evil Jesus Mr. T. I pity the fool who dont get behind these Olympic games. I do, I pity them. – My mate Matt, when he saw that – photograph, Said to me, At what point – did you take – your shirt off? And why? – And the answer is, of course, – I recognized That the gold medals were the epicenter of the attention. I want to be the epicenter of the attention. That means I gotta get the medals then one-up them. – Shirt off plus medal trumps – just medals. I win. See Brian May in the top corner? He looks like hes trying to explain whats happening. This is a confusing one. – Okay, well, Russell, hes an – extrovert character. – Hes got excited, – hes took his top off. – Freddy would have done – the same thing. – We called him – Mr. Fahrenheit. The problem with having an image such as this one in our shared cultural archive is that I look so fucking mental that this photo can be used to retrospectively validate anything that I might get accused of. What can I be accused of that seems implausible now that photo exists? Hey, hey, did you hear? Russell Brands been caught going into supermarkets and masturbating into the yogurts. Well, dont be ridiculous. Why would anybody do that? Thats absurd. – Well, have – you seen this photo? – Fucking hell! – He does it! – Hes addicted – to cock yogurt! He thinks his balls are a dairy! – He stirs it in – with the tip. – Hey, you know, they found out – whats causing global warming. – What is it, – corporate irresponsibility – And an inability to act on an – international level? – No, no, no, – its fucking Russell Brand. Dont be stupid. – How can Russell Brand cause – global warming? Have you seen this photo? Ahh! Whats he plotting behind those eyes? What is he building in there? – What is he – building in there? So how have I gone from a position where I was indifferent and indeed cynical about the Olympic games to being so fucking excited about it – that Ive took me – top off on one day – And dressed up as Willy Wonka – on another? Well, because I received an alternative cultural narrative. What is informing me, whats telling me the story of what the Olympics means? It is, of course… thats a rhetorical question – I just done there… – Dont know if you saw it. It is our media. Its our media that tells us our stories, the stories we believe about ourselves and one another. Um, organizations like the Daily Mail. I dont like the Daily Mail very much. Yeah, thanks. (chuckling) – Yeah, I didnt feel like – I was really Going out on a limb there. – Friend of – mine once said, Tyranny is the deliberate removal of nuance, – meaning that things – are kind of complicated, – You have to think a little bit – to understand them. – But in the world of – the Daily Mail, Things are either good or bad, black or white… Preferably white. Another thing that the Daily Mail will do is they remove information from a context where its perfectly harmless and innocuous and resituate the information to cause the maximum damage possible. Here is an example of them doing it to me. Id done this interview for Rolling Stone magazine once, – right, and they asked me a kind – of cute question. – Hey, Russell, – what advice would you give to Any young pop stars out there? – I thought this isnt – a serious question, – Im not meant to go, Keep your – teeth clean, take your vitamins, – Write a letter to your mum – every day. Right? Its clearly a joke question that requires a joke answer. So I went inside of my brain, which has never really been my ally, to look for a joke answer. Here is the joke answer my brain come up with. Advice for young pop stars? – I think they should – all take heroin, – cause all my – favorite musicians did. Then… then my brain added… With a final flourish… Also, heroin is quite a strong drug and it will weed out a lot of the weaker ones. Justin Bieber should take heroin, says Brand! Without a trace of humor. – Like as if Id done – a fucking press conference. – All right, everyone, thanks for – coming, thanks for coming. – All right, yeah, just sit there, – theres a handout… Nice to see you again. – Is this on, – is this on, yeah? Thanks. – Justin Bieber should take – heroin! No further questions! They know I was joking, but they elect to render the information in a humorless way to create the most damage. I wouldnt mind if it was like, they genuinely didnt realize it was a fucking joke. But this is not what happened at the Daily Mail offices. Way down deep in the belly of the Earth at the Daily Mail where the demons lurk, virgins hanging on the wall, Hitler hails in the belly of the Earth at the Daily Mail. This is not what happened. – And youll like this bit cause – I do some acting here. Im very good actor and I refute the charge that Im not and that Im always the same in every film Im in… (cheers and applause) playing a version of myself perhaps with a hat on. Here is some acting. Come in to my office where I am the editor of The Daily Mail.' – Sometimes a character will – speak in exposition To move the plot along. Boss, Ive had some terrible news! I can see that from your expertly rendered facial expressions. But first, I must finish the copy for tomorrows front page of The Daily Mail. No immigrants, obviously. – No gays, thats disgusting, – isnt it? Ed Milibands dads a bit of cunt, isnt he? Its Russell Brand! – Oh, that prick, – whats he done now? He said… he said… he said that Justin Bieber should take heroin! Ooh, that is bad. Was he acting, though? – Cause he could have been – acting. – Hes a very good actor, – isnt he, Russell Brand? Maybe he was doing the acting that he does? I dont think so, boss. Maybe he was joking? – Hmm, what, – a professional comedian – whos also a recovering – heroin addict? No, no, no. This bears all the hallmarks of the beginning of a campaign to get vulnerable young pop figures onto hard drugs. We gotta stop him now – before he gives crack to – One Direction and starts jacking up the royal baby. – Also, Ive seen some – pretty compelling evidence – that hes going into – supermarkets – and wanking – into the yogurts. The guys a menace. I dont want to be part of their corrosive, corrupted narrative so Im stepping outside of it. If you have a story, youre going to need heroes. Here are the heroes that I have selected. – Tonight I want to – explain to you Why I love these heroes so much, why they are so important and I also want to subtly imply to you that I am a little bit like them. So watch out for that. – Thats going to be – fun for you. First hero. Gandhi. Now Gandhi I admire very much because hes the pioneer of nonviolent protest and the ingenious form of public insurrection that makes it very hard for oppressors to control you or arrest you. – I cant seem to – arrest Gandhi. Hes gone all limp. Brilliant. Hes inspired. – I also admire Gandhi because he – successfully united The Hindu and Muslim populations against the imperial invading force that were colonially exploiting India. It doesnt matter who that country was. That is an irrelevant detail. Lets just assume they were trying their hardest. My second hero, Che Guevara. I love Che Guevara because he gave up the life of an Argentinean aristocrat to live the life of a guerilla warrior in the Cuban jungles, fighting for the people. My next hero, Malcolm X. I admire Malcolm X because he is a great orator who told a new story to a subjugated class of people and elevated their consciousness and changed their destiny. And Jesus I like because I think I look a bit like him. All four of these men of course have one thing in common, they are all martyrs. – Gandhi, – shot dead. Che Guevara, shot dead. Malcolm X, shot dead. Jesus, I dont know how he died. I mean, theres no real information available on that subject. – Im not going to spend my life – doing research. Im a busy, sexy man. Jesus was of course crucified, which makes it all the more intriguing for in this picture, hes wearing a crucifix necklace. Incredible foresight from Jesus there. Remarkable perspicacity from Jesus in this instance. Hey, Jesus, whats the, uh, – whats the crucifix necklace – all about? Youll see. Spoiler alert! Would these men have garnered such emblematic potency if they had not died at the insistence of the state by the hand of the assassin but had died in the manner that I was reported to have done earlier this year? Yeah, I was pretty confused when I read that. The afterlifes not all its cracked up to be. Basically, the same as before, just me Googling my own name. Heres the story. Actor Russell… Brilliant actor Russell Brand, star of stage and screen… – Actor Russell Brand – died today Shortly after a snowboarding accident. – This bits pretty insensitive, – I think. Check it. The actor, a novice snowboarder… Dont put that as number two – of the things – Im fucking known for. Snowboarding. – Oh, what did he want to be – remembered for? His snowboarding. I just fucking died of snowboarding! Dont make the fucking manner of my death the lynchpin of my legacy. Digging me out. Elvis Presley died today. The singer and relaxed defecator… He died on the toilet trying his hardest. – Michael Jackson – died today. The entertainer and heavy sleeper… Huh? Today we lost Lady Diana, princess, tunnel explorer… What? Ooh… Im saying dont say that. Im saying it to say dont say it. – Im saying it so… – That actually happened. Look, someone said that. Im saying this merely as a warning to say dont say it. Its like if anything, Im sucking that concept out of the air into my body. – So in a way – it didnt happen. Is this real? Are we in a vortex? – Is this – a parallel realm? Am I going to wake up in a ditch in Croydon tomorrow with my finger in my ass? What happened?! Wouldnt be the first time. Diana is an important cultural figure as an archetype because of the way she appears in the narrative of her fame at different evolutionary points. Each of these points, female sexuality, you will notice, is either repressed or maligned as this is a necessary component of a misogynistic, patriarchal society. – When she first came to – prominence, she was rendered as The archetype of the virgin. Oh, Diana, see-through skirt. In the second archetype, she appears as the divine mother when she done them princes. In the third archetype, when her marriage broke down, she was rendered as the archetype of the whore! – Remember that, when her – marriage broke down? In fact, at the time her marriage broke down, – all the Daily Mail – wanted to talk about was, How come shes going out with that brown Muslim geezer? Why is one of them princes ginger? Then… when she died… She fucking what? Good-bye, Englands rose! – Now she is rendered – as the fourth Available archetype, the martyr. The saint. Death makes angels of us all and gives us wings where we had shoulders, smooth as ravens claws, said Jim Morrison. Meaning that death has the power to sanitize, cleanse and help us to reevaluate the way we see people. Another example of this is of course Michael Jackson, who I earlier mentioned. – I love – Michael Jackson. I always loved Michael Jackson. – I think hes – a great guy. – Yeah, yeah, some people here – love Michael too. Why not? – But do you remember there was – a time in the story of Michael Jackson where it wasnt okay to love him no more? – Just before he died, – remember that? I loved Michael straight through that dip because me, I think, in the case of genius, youve gotta separate a mans work from his hobbies. Anyway, we dont even know if he done anything, do we? Lets be honest. – We dont know that – anything happened. We do know that he gave a $20 million out-of-court settlement to that kid Jordie Chandler. – Does seem like a lot of money – to give to a kid Who you didnt fuck. – Whyd you give – that kid $20 million? I didnt fuck him! – I didnt – say you did! Whos saying you fucked him? – Well, I just so clearly didnt – fuck him. – Giving $20 million – to a lot of kids. – Here you go, here you go, – here you go. Hee-hee, hee-hee-hee! Dont go! Human heroes are incapable of fulfilling their roles – of gods – cause they are flawed. They are not distilled divine qualities as gods are supposed to be, but flawed, even in the case of truly great men like Gandhi. Gandhi, as close to a secular saint as is possible to be. Gandhi, author of the great maxim, Be the change you wish to see in the world, – meaning if you – want a more peaceful world, Be a more peaceful guy. If you want a world free from oppression, be a guy – who dont go around – oppressing people. I love Gandhi for many reasons. One of the main ones… Very consistent wardrobe. – Hed be a shit contemporary – celebrity. So what was Gandhi wearing on the carpet tonight, John? – Hes wearing – a fucking blanket, isnt he? Hes always wearing a blanket. – I dont know why you – send me out here. – Its not that interesting, – I dont know, its a blanket. Its a normal blanket hes always got on. Im going to tell you something about Gandhi now. You wont like it. – Youll feel a feeling – in your tummy, – Then youll – blame me for that feeling. It aint my fault. I love Gandhi. – I just want us all to be honest – with each other, okay? So remember while Im telling you this, I love Gandhi. This show isnt called Gandhi: What a Wanker. I love him. – But weve got to deal with – truth, havent we? So lets try and do it. Now, Gandhi, he was often arrested for revolutionary activity inside of India and consequently imprisoned. His wife, a loyal woman, – who he married when she was just – 13 years of age… Lets park that, one thing at a time… Would often go to prison with Gandhi and serve the sentence with him. One time while they two of em are banged up, Mrs. Gandhi gets very ill. – The British doctors – visit her at her bedside. – They say, Youre very ill, – Mrs. Gandhi. Fortunately, we can heal you – using our modern pharmaceutical – techniques. Gandhi says, No, no, no, no, no, were Hindu people. We only believe in Ayurvedic medicine. – So we dont want any of your – modern British Pharmaceutical rubbish. – Mrs. Gandhi goes, – Ooh, do I get a say in this? Shh, Ill handle this! He wouldnt let her have no medicine. She died. – Theres the feeling – in your tummy. Yeah, Gandhi… – Gandhi be the change – you want to see in the world – Ben Kingsley ten Oscars dressed – in a blanket Gandhi… Let his wife die, then two weeks later, as if orchestrated by an invisible karmic force – that designates – and designs all our reality, Gandhi himself gets ill from the very same condition. – The doctors visit – Gandhi at his bedside, go, – Oh, Gandhi, youve got that – thing now, – but with you being – a Hindu and only believing in Ayurvedic medicine, – you wont want – access to any of our modern – British pharmaceuticals, – will you? He goes, Youd think that, wouldnt you? But now thats its me, I will have it. Ahh! Gandhi, no! Dont make me think, Gandhi. You bastard. Gandhi was a snide. But I thought about it a little bit – and do you think it could be – that Gandhi understood He had a unique mission to liberate India from tyranny and as such, he was exempt from conventional morality? In the case of greatness with a unique mission, – are you exempt – from conventional morality – Or is that dressing it up – too much? Cause I think this is actually quite a recognizable thing in everybodys lives. – Men, you will all – understand this. Women, when you hear it, you should feel a flicker of shame – for the way youve – treated us. You know what its like. – Youre a man, – youre me. – Its nighttime, – youre asleep. Ah, blissful dreams. Free, free from the tyranny and nonsense and lies of the day. Sweet, sweet sleep. Russell, wake up! Hmm, all right. What time is it? Doesnt matter. Russell, Ive just heard a noise downstairs in our house. I think its a murderer. Why dont you go downstairs with your face and your life and yourself and that – and carry out some – investigation stroke intervention which you are woefully under qualified to enact? Can we both go? No. Just you. – What about for better or for – worse, sickness and health? – In case of emergency – downstairs, – Youre on your – fucking own. So I go downstairs in the scary, spooky all-different-now house, looking for a murderer, – wondering what – Im going to say to him, Trying to remember sort of self-defense video stuff Ive seen. – I think youre meant to be loud – and take the fucking initiative – And that, shouting, – getting loud… No! – No, dont murder me, – Ill murder you! I have a cat. All the while thinking, why am I down here on my own? Shes up there. She should be here as well. – Like cause if I meet a murderer – and something happens And I die, thats it, theres no more me. – Thats end – of the me show. Gone, finished, over. If she was here as well, you know, and something happened… that would be really bad, but after an appropriate period of grieving, I could get another fucking wife. I cant get another life. – Whos going to carry on – my unique mission, Appearing in films as a version of me with a hat on? Its vital stuff. So in a way, if you think about it carefully, after what youve just heard, isnt it feasible that Im a little bit like Gandhi? Yeah? Its all right. Dont feel obliged to applause. My egos in pretty good shape. – Im standing on a stage, – comparing myself to Gandhi. What if I had died that night – at the hands of that imaginary – murderer? What if I had died on that fictional ski slope on a pretend snowboard? – What would – my legacy be? What kind of man am I? – What kind of life – have I lived? What are my achievements? Yes, sure, I am four times Shagger of the Year. Thank you, thank you. Yeah, it almost makes the title of shagging worthwhile. But thats not the kind of life that I want to lead. – Thats not the man – that I want to be. That is why I look to great men like Che Guevara for inspiration. – Che Guevara – is a complex figure. – He was a little bit – homophobic. He was somewhat ruthless, but we need only glance at Che to know that that is what a leader should look like. Glorious, glamorous, great hair, great beard, severe stare, intense guy. – That is what – a leader looks like. This isnt. (cheers and applause) You know when extraterrestrials come to our planet, – you know what theyre – going to say, dont you? Take us to your leader. – Were going to – take em to him. – Im going to be – embarrassed. They wont believe us. – Yeah, – hes the leader. What, this guy? Him? With the face like a little painted egg? – Cause on our planet, he – wouldnt be made milk monitor. Look at him. – How can – he hold up a nation? – He cant even hold up – his own thumb. Oh, I think Ive got me thumb up. Doesnt that bother you on a visceral level, as a mammal, that that is your leader? Uh-oh! Its not right! Whats happened to us? – Weve forgotten – who we are. Oh no. David Cameron would not die for what he believes in. Hed let us die for what he believes in, but he aint like a Che Guevara leader. – Che Guevara, a man who – died for what he believed in. Che Guevara, a man who, while looking down the barrel of a gun – that contained the bullet that – would end his life, Said to the man who was about to shoot him, Shoot, you coward. – Youre only – killing a man. – You cant kill – the idea. The idea lives on. The idea to which Che Guevara was referring was communism. Now, I know communism isnt a very popular idea anymore, – but I looked it up on – the Internet – And it just – means sharing. Its not that bad. – We tell children – to do it. Share, you little cunt. People worry. They all know about… What about Russia? Lack of food, lack of freedom, gulags. – They didnt do it – properly. They fucked it up. – They didnt – follow the manual. They misused it. If someone doesnt use it properly, you cant blame – the thing itself, – right? Thats not fair. I mostly use my iPad for looking at pornography, right? So thats not Steve Jobs fucking fault, is it? – Hey, Steve, – this things all clogged up. – It certainly doesnt – swipe. Jesus. Its like its been glazed. – Check your warranty, – you pervert. For me, the travesty with Che Guevara is that hes been reduced to a meaningless icon because of his unconventional appearance, great hair, great beard. His philosophy has been ignored. – And that for me is a very – great travesty. – I was determined not to ignore – the philosophy of Che Guevara For I want to be inspired. – I want to do something – that I believe in, Something that I understand. What issue could I speak about with authority? I found one. Its drugs. I know a lot about drugs. – Ive done a lot of – research. Research. I took a lot of drugs. Drug addict. – Im doing research here – in my lab. Thats a phone box. Get off me. Get off my equipment. – Well, – its a crack pipe. – Take your – hands off me, Officer! Im a scientist! Agh! Because of this experience, when I was invited to the Houses of Parliament to speak before a drugs committee, in spite of my intuitive dislike of all forms of authority, I was glad to go because I wanted to express for me the important opinion that drug addiction is an illness, not a crime. Thank you. Thank you for cheering and sort of identifying – yourselves as drug addicts – as well. – You will be – sent to the gulags. Also, like its just… – I mean, not only is it sort of – ineffectual and kind of… I mean, so stupid to treat drug addicts as criminals, really, and its kind of daft to have drugs illegal. – I mean, – were in London. We live in London. Have you noticed that the illegal status of drugs doesnt appear to be having a massive impact? Drug addicts do not give a fuck if the drugs are illegal. Ive never seen this happen. When I was out there as a junkie… Hey, you. You realize thats illegal, dont you? – What? – Shit! I been doing this every day! – Afraid Im gonna be – addicted now. – When I stop, – my legs go funny. – Youre in a lot of trouble, – mate. – Its fucking – against the law. Stop in the name of the law! – Thats – a contraband substance. Subsection C, class A drug. Oh, fuck, shit, thats my hobby out the window. – Dont worry, – Ill get another hobby. I can take up golf. – Ive already got – the swing sorted. Drug addicts dont care if drugs are illegal. So I went to express some of these ideas to this parliamentary committee, but I got such a… hmm… Inherent dislike of authority, you know? I hate authority. If someone tells me what to do, I sort of say, Well, fuck off. That is one thing I wont be doing. We can discuss the ways in which I wont be doing it later in the back of your police car, Officer. – As a result, I took – a kind of adolescent, Truculent attitude to the proceedings and I went to Parliament, sort of dressed stupid. Very tight trousers, tight top, long leather coat, big thick belt, sunglasses, cowboy hat. I thought one of my mates would say to me, – Russell, youre not going to – Houses of Parliament Dressed like that. – But one did, – so I had to. Predictably, there was a phone call from Noel Gallagher when I was in there. Russell, why are you in the Houses of Parliament on my television dressed as the WWF wrestler The Undertaker? – People aint gonna fucking – listen to what youre saying if Youre dressed like a cunt. They will know, they will know. – But actually Noel – was right. People didnt listen to me. They just focused on what I was wearing. – But I suppose – its fair enough. You know, politicians may have some difficulty trusting you if you go to Parliament dressed as Guy Fawkes. At the time I went to speak to that committee, – I also went on some – news programs To further explain some of my philosophies and ideas around the treatment and legislation around addiction. – I went on that thing – Newsnight, But I dont like them programs, news programs, you know? I particularly dont like The News, the main one. The News. The News. Fuck off. Its not the news. – Its up its – own ass. The News. – Yeah, – this is the news, man. No, no, no. What that should be called is Some News Within Prescribed Parameters – in Keeping With – the Agenda of Our Sponsors – Designed to Exacerbate – Your Fear and Limit Your Freedom – Followed By – the Weather Forecast. Dont antagonize when I was going there. – Dont like – the studio environment. It kind of looks like… Why does it got to look like a spaceship for? – Heres the news – from the Enterprise. – All the people in – the background on the computers – And the plastic desk and all – that stuff. And the music. – I dont like – the music. Its so bombastic and self-involved and grandiose. – ? Dum-dum-dum – the news ? ? Here comes the news Ive got some views ? ? Im going to fuck you in the mind with a cock of news ? ? Gonna ejaculate current affairs into your eyes ?? Because of that, I felt of sort of agitated and irritated – and nervous – when I was going in there. – I had the demeanor and, – to a degree, Facial expression, that my cat has if you try to gently submerge him in water. – Lets have a look at – the footage. Could we do more to break their addiction or is their compulsion just too strong? The recovering drug addict and comedian Russell Brand… Here to tell us that drugs are just harmless fun is this pie-eyed Charles Manson Rasputin figure. Ill tell you whats really bad. I remember that moment. I remember the camera being on me and the red light coming on that indicates that theyre filming. And I remember thinking, oh, the cameras on you, Russell. Come on, just do a normal face. You can do it. – Youre as good – as the other boys. You can do this. Looks like Im thinking a very high-pitched noise. (shrieking) – Its like Im trying to break – the sound barrier with my mind. (vocalizing) People laugh at me. They laughed at me. Yeah. Cause of my unconventional appearance, my great hair, cool beard, my philosophy was ignored. – Now any of you that – have been listening will know That that is exactly what happened to Che Guevara. Che Guevara is a man so successfully extracted from his image that at this point in time, he can be used as an exhibition for cars to promote their product. Have a look at that. Thats Che Guevara at a Mercedes exhibition. Theyve replaced the star on his beret with the Mercedes logo. Yeah, hed be fine with that, Che Guevara. Not like he drove corporations out of Cuba at gunpoint or anything. I dont want to belabor the point, but Mercedes is another one of the companies that made stuff for the Nazis. I cant get too deep into after the whole Hugo Boss debacle. (cheers and applause) How come I get in more trouble for saying that they made stuff for the Nazis than they did for making stuff for the Nazis? Seems like a weird scale. Che is not alone among my heroes in being posthumously appropriated for corporate end. Heres a photograph of Gandhi advertising Apple Computers. Be the change you wish to see in the world. I cant imagine that the change that Gandhi would wish to see in the world would be iPhones getting thinner and thinner and thinner and thinner and thinner and thinner – until you dont know whether to – make a phone call – Or put some – cheese on it and fucking eat it. I cant imagine that Gandhi would approve of the iPhone factory in China where working conditions were so bad that the people that work there, they were jumping out of the windows of the building and killing themselves and management solved that problem by putting nets up around the building. – Id like to – have been at that meeting. Its happened again, boss. Ugh. – Thats the fourth bloody – suicide this week. Weve got to do something. – Im so glad youve said that – because Ive got a plan, right? What we could do is pay the workers a proper amount of – money, maybe – give them a pension plan. I thought maybe a Bring Your Daughter to Work Day. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. – Youre really – over-thinking this. Put some fucking nets up. Also, what do you say to someone whos made the decision to jump off of a building and end their life when youre getting them down from the net? Oi, you. Come on. Down from the net. Back to work. – That counts – as your tea break. Its fun on there, its like a big trampoline. Stop crying. Get in there. Make them thinner. Thats not my department. That aint the change that Gandhi would wish to see in the world. Unless maybe his wife worked at that factory. Go on then, love. – Youre going to jump next, – aint you, Gandhi? – Oh, yeah, yeah, – Ill be right behind you. Fuck off. Why are they doing this to us? Why are they positioning our heroes in these meaningless landscapes? Why are they creating a cultural malaise – in which – nothing has nutrition, Where our food lacks nutrition, where theres an emptiness in my stomach that cant be filled by drugs or fame or money? Who is that benefits from this system? Who is that benefits from us having a void within ourselves that can never be filled? Who is that claims that they can fill this void? – Well, its people like this guy, – isnt it? I never trusted him. – I never trusted him – when I was a kid. Hes the Jimmy Savile of corporate logos. I dont like the idea of buying food from someone whose mouth looks like a horizontal vagina. Look at this stuff, man. – M, – registered trademark. Im lovin it. Registered trademark. – How can M be a registered – trademark? That is one of our letters. – What am I supposed to do – if I need a word Whats got an M in it? Use a B on its side? – You banipulative – boney-grabbing, botherfuckers. – Also, check this slogan: – Im lovin it. We heard it a thousand times. Im lovin it, Im lovin it, Im lovin it, Im lovin it. But what does it mean? What does it mean? Well, theyve dropped the G, interestingly, and apostrophized it because then it seems colloquial. Theyre our friends. – Hey, Im lovin it, – were lovin it. – Were all – just the same. You can trust us. Also, by dropping the G, they make it colloquial – and therefore, – it can be owned. They can trademark it if its not a conventional piece of English language. Most importantly, though, by dropping the G and making it colloquial, it distracts us from the actual, literal meaning of the verb to love in the continuous form. Im lovin it. The act of love. – Cause I dont think – McDonalds would want us to have The image of Ronald McDonald in the act of love with his hard, thin, white clown cock, tapering towards the end, and his bright red pubes, sliding into a Filet-O-Fish. Im lovin it, Im lovin it, Im lovin it, Im lovin it. What are you loving, Ronald, with your fat-saturated food deliberated marketed at young people? Obese schoolboys… So you can waddle after them in – your clown shoes and fuck em, – you painted nonce? – I dont mind a little bit of – hyperbole, – But these people – are going to town. – Theres actually a product that – I quite like… Dr Pepper. But unbelievably satisfying? That is a bold claim for a brown, fizzy drink. Unbelievably satisfying! – What does that even – fucking look like? – Are you enjoying – that beverage? Ill say I am! Its unbelievably satisfying. – Im going to have to – recategorize my understanding of satisfaction to incorporate the experience Ive just had. I cant believe how satisfied I am and I am me. So who is it thats satisfied – and who is it that – cant believe it? – Its a fucking paradox – in a can is what Im drinking. If were using words like unbelievably satisfying to describe a brown, fizzy drink, what language is left for love? – What was it like when you – looked into her eyes at the site of the canal beneath the orange streetlamp? – What was it like when you – realized in that moment – That perhaps you could – love again? Oh, yeah, that was unbelievably satisfying actually. What language is left for God? – What was it like when you – realized that your consciousness – is invisibly interconnected – with all consciousness – and there is no separation, – that we are all one, – that we can change – our reality at any moment With a simple decision? Oh, you know, that was unbelievably satisfying. – What was it like when you drank – that Dr Pepper? Oh, hm, my teeth hurt a little bit. – That is a more – realistic slogan. My teeth hurt a little bit. Or… or maybe the problem can be solved with a comma. Unbelievably comma… given the shit we put in it… satisfying. But youd be hard-pushed to top our friends over at Gillette with their slogan… Gillette. The best a man can get. Is it? Shaving? Type of shaving. Well, I am a man and Ive shaved before. So Im just gonna offer this up there. Um, you know, shavings good, but have you ever been in a situation – with one person, theyre here, – and theyre Sucking your cock – and theres another person here – and theyre putting Their tongue into your bottom? Its better than shaving. Dont set the bar so fucking low. – Though if you are – going to do that, – It is polite to have a little – shave first. Hmm… If a product has an advertisement it means you dont need it. No one ever has to say, Go to sleep. Breathe. Love people. – If theyre advertising it, – you dont need it. Why are they doing this? – Why are they confusing us – with this erroneous, – Duplicitous – information all the time? This hyperbole, these lies, these meaningless claims, these peculiar offers? – Well, its obviously for money, – isnt it, But theyve got so much. – How much money – do they need? – All of the money, – all of it. Do you know there are 147 interconnected corporations that control half of the worlds wealth? Thats not very many, 147. Thats just that little back paddock there. Maybe we should just let them maraud throughout our planet and do what they want. And we could if it were not for things like global poverty and world hunger, stains on our collective soul. World hunger could be solved with $40 billion of investment. I know that sounds like a lot, but not compared to the $50 trillion controlled by American millionaires, $11 trillion of which is held in offshore bank accounts. Now I dont know what an offshore bank account means – but it sounds a bit like – a beach. – Sounds like theyve – got so much fucking money, Theyve sent some to go on fucking holiday somewhere. – The relationship between those – two figures, Of having that much money – and not using it to alleviate – the problem Is like having 500 quid in your pocket… Right, if I had 500 quid in my pocket and a starving child said, Can I have 40 pence please? Going, No, fuck off! 500s a round number, I need it. This moneys going on holiday. Ha-ha-ha-ha! How can this story be maintained? How is that narrative succeeded? I suppose because its remained uninterrupted by better storytellers. Men like Malcolm X who said that peoples rights have to change and be acknowledged by any means necessary. Whatever it takes, whatever it takes. Thats what well do. Whatever it takes. – Malcolm X, – a very great hero, Altered the narrative of his people. – Who taught you – to hate your hair? – Who taught you to hate the color – of your skin? My favorite Malcolm X story – involves the arrest of – Joseph Hinton. – Whenever anyone was – arrested in Harlem, His parish, Malcolm X would go to advocate for their release. – On this particular day in – Harlem, – When he was – in the police station, A crowd gathered outside as is often the case when Brother Malcolm would go somewhere. And there was that hot, febrile atmosphere that it can sometimes be before a riot. – You know, when it can go either – way at football, Or a street protest. I like that feeling. – Not cause I think that… I want – people to get hurt Or things to get smashed, – although I dont mind things – getting smashed A little bit sometimes. I just like that feeling that reality isnt permanent, that things arent permanent, – that they can be disrupted – and changed, – Even in very – trivial situations, Very trivial examples. – Like when I was at school, – you know, when youre at school And youre at your desk – and youre doing your work – and through the window You see that a dog has come in the playground. Theres a dog in the playground! – The teachers dont – want you to see it. Shut the fucking curtains. – Theres a dog in – the playground! – Theres a dog – in the playground! Fuck algebra, fuck the police! You cant control us, theres a dog in the playground! Nothings real! I like it. – I like the disruption – of whats normal. Thats why I go to riots. – I dont go – so much now. I used to go to more protest riots, call them what you will. I got a good one. – This story – you will like it. But it involves some public nudity, so before I tell you it, there are two things that are very, – very important – for you to bear in mind. One, I was on a lot of drugs at the time, okay? And two, it was very, very cold that day. It was in SoHo. – Theres a huge crowd of – protestors. Im part of that crowd and its that vibe of – oh my God, its – going to fucking kick off. Im excited and Im enjoying it, – but Im not – the center of attention And it doesnt seem right. I see in the distance a police van. – I think if I get – on that police van, – Ill be the fucking center – of attention. – So I hustle through the crowd, – get on top of the police van. – Sure enough, – the crowd roars. Yes! Like Mick with Usher. Just the visibility is enough sometimes. Yes, go on, that bloke is the sort of feeling, – that its a positive – thing Im doing. – So I feel Ive got to keep – these people entertained. – Ive got to keep their interest – sustained. And what do I do? – Like even in that – Olympic photograph, – I take my – fucking top off, right? So I just rip my top off. – The crowd goes, – Yes! – Like that… – Theyre really into it. Its a proud moment for me. Oh, fuck, Ive not told you something really important. Malcolm X successfully negotiates the release of Joseph Hinton. – As the two emerge from – the police station, The crowd looked to Malcolm X to ascertain is this a situation for conflict or acquiescence? Malcolm X raises his hand and with a single hand gesture, the crowd immediately disperses. – Single hand gesture, – thats all it took. – Everyone just – dropped it and went home. A New York City police officer observing that day said, That is too much power for one man to have. Back to me! – Im on top of the van, – Ive took my top off, – And Im hearing – the crowd fucking loving it. Go on! – I think Ive gotta keep these – people entertained. Take down my trousers. Yes, go on, mystery man, theyre saying. – I figured Id just – take this to the nth degree, – Lets take it to – the next level. I pull down my underpants, wave them above my head as a flag of anti-capitalism, a flag of triumph. Power to the people! Revolution! – About this point, I notice that – everyone in the crowd Has gone really quiet, right? I seem sort of embarrassed. I look down to the direction of their stare and I gotta tell you, right? – Some women – dont know this. The male penis has an enormous capacity for variance in size. And he did not show up for me that day. It was really bad. Really bad. It looked like they were was a bald patch in my pubes. Honestly. – It was really… you know that – nightmare you have where youre Naked in public at a riot on a police van with an imaginary cock? That… That happened! Thats my life! I was up there fucking freaked out, so I tried to just like wank it into a normal size, which is a sex crime. Indecent exposure, which is still on my criminal record. – Even the wanking was kind of – embarrassing. Not proper wanking, you know? It was like putting a Smurfs hat on, then taking it off again. – Smurf hat on, – Smurf hat off. Smurf hat on, Smurf hat off. So embarrassed, man. But I tell you, as soon as my hand went to my cock, that crowd began to disperse. It was like I was able to disperse an entire crowd with a single hand gesture. So in a way… Im a little bit like Malcolm X. Malcolm X is obviously not a perfect human being and therefore flawed. – Served a lot of time – for drug dealing And for pimping women. Che Guevara, not perfect in spite of successfully – overthrowing a government – in his early 30s. – Apparently didnt – change his shirts very much And smelled a bit. Disappointing, isnt it, to find that out about Che Guevara. These men all represented the peoples interest against a visible, identifiable enemy. How would they cope now with our amorphous, unknowable foes when evil comes named after innocent fruit with the white beaming face of the clown hidden behind unknowable numbers and baffling words like derivatives and bundles? How would these men confront an evil that isnt obvious and labeled? In the old days, history came up, tagged up with swastikas and obvious. Even in a picture of him as a child, Ill bet youll recognize this man. – Right, you know – who that is, do you? Even at 10? Yeah. – Actually, its not me, – its actually Hitler but… Same basic personality type. Lets look at Hitler as a 10-year-old boy before the abuse and torture he endured as a child, before the horrors he witnessed in the First World War, before the anti-Semitism – that swept across that part of – Europe and corrupted him And influenced him. – If you look into the eyes of – that 10-year-old boy, A 10-year-old Hitler, you can see that hes already a right little bastard. At 10! Look at… Take the photo, you pig dog. Ill have you killed. Hes already got two henchmen, also. Yes, mein Fuhrer. – He is a poor – photographer. My favorite thing though about this photo is that kid there, down in front of him. Look at his little face. – That is exactly the expression – Id have if I knew that Adolf Hitler was right behind me. Is he still there? Yeah, seriously. Adolf Hitler is right behind you, mate. I know. Dont worry. Hes more scared of you than you are of him. I dont think so. That little kid, curiously enough, by some extraordinary quirk of fate is the Austrian philosopher Ludwig Wittgenstein, the logician and thinker who continues to influence philosophy to this day. – Incredibly important – philosopher. Isnt it amazing that in Austria, in one school, in one class, you have the best philosopher of the day and the worst dictator in history? You gotta feel sorry for the teacher of that class. Hows work today, dear? Mmm. Another tough one, actually. – Oh really? – What happened? Well, okay. – Just a couple – of examples. Um. One kid said to me, If you consider, Miss'… – And thats weird, cause Im – a bloke, so that threw me… If you consider, Miss, eternity not to be an infinite temporal duration, but the quality of timelessness, does eternity belong to those who live in the present? So that was tricky. – A couple of paintings, – this little one now, – fucking thinking about it all – through lunch. Couldnt really get me head around it. Then theres another kid, just keeps asking me if Im Jewish. Im worried about that boy. Hes pushy, I dont like him. A lot to say, opinionated child. Mind you, hes a very enthusiastic student. I will say that. Always got his hand up in class. Oh yes, yes. Literally Sieg Heiling. You see that cross above Hitlers head? Do you think that was done by a gleeful archivist? Oh my God, I found a picture of Wittgenstein and Hitler in one class and what a break… Or do you think it was Hitlers teacher when Hitler left school… – Watch out for this – little cunt. What terrifies me more than the extremity of Hitler is the mundanity of Hitler. You know, not the terrible Holocaust or the horrific Second World War, but that Hitler is actually just a normal bloke. Hitler had an older sister called Paula. Paula Hitler. Paula Hitler. Paula! Youve used all the hot water! Oh, what are you gonna do? I will have revenge and ultimate power. Its the mundanity of Hitler thats terrifying. Hes just a normal man, – just a normal person – like any of us. You know that in terms of our DNA, we are 98% identical to a chimpanzee. If were 98% identical to a chimpanzee, how different can we be from each other? Baffling idea. Do you know that 60% of human DNA is in a fruit fly? Those fruit flies, them idiots, you move fruit… they come up. – How do they get in there? – I hate them. – 60% of our DNA – is the same as them. 100% of my DNA is in my cat. But thats because I get lonely sometimes. Oh. Oh. – Oh, come, Russell, have a good – laugh about Hitler, But dont fuck the cat. – Well, he shouldnt have such – a prominent anus then. Second-most noticeable thing about him. (meowing) Tail up in the air like a little furry fuck handle. 82% of human DNA is identical to the DNA in the feline species. 50% of human DNA is found in a banana. A stupid yellow crescent moon banana. So if someone says, Hey, is that a banana in your pocket – or are you just – pleased to see me? Say, What difference does it make? Just pop it in your mouth. – Be careful with – the skin. – Why dont you – find the day… So if our heroes are all flawed and our villains are just mundane people like us, what can we believe in with impunity? Jesus Christ? – Surely we can – believe in Jesus. – Well, yeah, of course we can, – but which Jesus? Cause I dont want to believe in the Jesus Christ of the neo-Conservative right of Fox News, of Rupert Murdoch or the Daily Mail, that bigoted homophobic Jesus, the Jesus that theyve manufactured to prop up their authoritarian ideas. – Like check this picture, right, – of Jesus that we was Mucking about with earlier. This is actually an image of Constantine the emperor who converted to Christianity in 325 AD fused with Sol Invictus, the Roman sun god that the people previously worshipped. So their allegiance would now be referred to this new Messianic figure who was associated with their leader. Thats why, look, that halo, the sun, thats leftover from Sol Invictus. – Theres no mention of Jesus – wandering around with a halo in The fucking Bible. – Thanks for the fishes – and loaves. – Whats – the fucking light bulb? Its not in there. They added that on to make the Romans think, Oh yeah, hes all right, hes basically the same. – You know, – Jesus seems really lovely, What Ive read in the Bible. – Everything He says – seems kind of cool. Love thy neighbor as you love thyself. Give to the poor, receive treasure in heaven. The kingdom of heaven is within. Sounds all right, doesnt it? Sounds sort of like a hippie Commie gay type of a guy. So where is this Jesus – of the far right – fucking coming from, Whos really bothered about homophobia? In America, from listening to the neo-Conservative right, – youd think – thats all He cared about. Like, Dont be gay! Youd think it was called The Bible: Dont Be a Fucking Poof. Like… Its not in there. – Theres one little bit in – Leviticus. – Dont lay down – with another man. Its not like a central thing. Youd think if Jesus was that concerned about homosexuality He had the perfect opportunity to address the issue in His top 10 dos and donts. Put it in there. – Number 10: – Dont be gay. Nip it in the bud. Its not in there. No mention of the old gayness in the anus. As far as the 10 Commandments are concerned, homosexuality is not considered as important an issue as thou shall not covet thy neighbors oxen. So if youre in a situation where youre really buzzed up and youve gotta do something sinful for relief, Jesus would prefer it if you had gay sex to you coveting your neighbors oxen. Jesus, I had a terrible day at work. – Im either going to – fuck this geezer in the ass – Or Im gonna – covet my neighbors oxen. – Well, dont do that, – you better…  Thanks, Jesus. – Im going to slide my hard cock – up into his ass, My balls banging on his balls. – Yeah, yeah, yeah, do what you – gotta do, mate. Just dont look over next doors fence at that oxen, then imagine in your mind what it would be like if that oxen was your oxen. – Dont do that, – will you? No, no, no, I wont. – Im going to come in his – asshole. – Im going to suck my – come out of his ass, kiss him with rivers of cum connecting our lips… cum bubbles floating off into the sky like a homosexual snowstorm. – Yeah, yeah, – yeah, yeah, yeah. Do what you gotta do, mate. Just remember, that is not your oxen. So you have to download homophobic Jesus from media outlets like Fox News in America. Fox News is like Daily Mail live. I dont like that Fox News. Not only is Fox News bigoted, its also misleading. – I once watched – it for 12 hours And there was not one story about foxes. – A fox in a waistcoat – rescued a boy from a well. – Just stories about immigrants, – really. – Not even stories, – just shouting. Immigrants! Immigrants! Immigrants! All right. What? Immigrants! You know that an immigrant is just someone who used to be somewhere else. Ahh! Have you always been there? – No, no, no, – I used to be over there. Ahh! Keep still! I cant relax with people moving around. Keep still on this spherical rock in infinite space. – Keep still on – the spherical rock – with imaginary geopolitical – borders that have been drawn in according to the economic reality of the time. Do not pause to reflect that free movement of global capital will necessitate free movement of a global labor force to meet – the demands created by the free – movement of that capital. That is a complex economic idea and you wont understand it. Just keep still on the rock. And dont be gay on it! Gays! There are gays! What? Gays. What about them? There are them. – What are you – worried about? What if they do a gay marriage? I dont know. Well, its a bit gay! – Yeah, I – think its a bit gay. – Yeah, shouldnt worry, – I dont think it affects you. An astronomer told me once… – And this is in his jurisdiction, – so we can trust him. He said, Russell, you will never understand the vastness of the Milky Way, the galaxy that we live in. Its too big to conceptualize in your little, little mind. So just imagine for a moment that the Milky Way was the size of Great Britain, then 30 times the size of Great Britain. If that was our solar system… Mars, Venus, us, you remember from school… would fit into a single teacup somewhere in Croydon. There are 400 million known galaxies in our universe. How can you know that and then care if someone sticks their cock up someone elses ass? These are not the black holes we need to concern ourselves with. Its hard to live without meaning in infinite space when Nietzsche has said that God is dead, when Chesterton has proved that well believe in anything, when Gillette say that the best a man can get is a type of shave, when Dr Pepper tells us we should be unbelievably satisfied with a brown drink, whats left to believe in when our heroes are flawed, when our villains are mundane? What can unite all of us together, what can we all share? What can unify us against the tyranny and the oppression, the fear, the loneliness and the emptiness? Whats left for us? – God? – Can we believe in God? – Well, I do, but youre not – going to trust me. – Ive proved over – the course of the evening Im a fucking lunatic. But Einstein, we can trust Einstein, cant we, who, when asked if he was religious, responded, Well, there are forces in this universe that I will never understand and I hold these forces in great reverence and to that degree, I am religious. I suppose what Einstein is saying is that the realm of the senses is limited and prohibited in any judgments we make within that tiny little limited realm. Im not of any actual fucking value. With our sensory perception, for our sight, an optic level, we can only see between infrared light and ultraviolet light. There are thousands of rays of cascading light invisible to us, all around us. We have a limited decibel range that we can hear. We cant hear the sound of a dog whistle. We cant hear the sound of me thinking on the news… Thank God. How would we conceptualize smell if none of us had it? – If that concept was inaccessible – through lack of Sensory instrument of the nose? – How would we understand – the difference between The smell of paint and bacon – and Che Guevaras – shirts? – It would be – meaningless to us. But just because we dont have the information, that doesnt mean the information isnt there, that there arent frequencies, energy, interconnected prism… Because we cant see it that dont mean it aint there. Us not knowing about something – dont mean that the thing – doesnt exist. My cat doesnt know theres an Internet. Theres an Internet. Meow. I dont know. Im too sexy. Yes, you are. Come here. – And now another – quick dip. (shrieking) – Thats why I think – we need stories that Are tied to permanent phenomenon. Stories that cant be forgotten or submerged. The Celtic people that used to occupy these islands, revered the rivers, – thought the rivers – were sacred. So that would prevent them – from ever being disrespectful – to the rivers Or polluting the rivers. The Nordic people thought their ancestors were in the trees, so mass-deforestation wasnt an option. The Native American people believed that God is in the soil. How then would you feel about fracking? No wonder these stories have been rewritten and forgotten. No wonder our heroes have been replaced by sequin-covered vacuous fools. You cant have a society with these kinds of members because these men rewrite history. You cant have a man with a brain like Gandhi, a heart like Che Guevara, the courage of Malcolm X. – Im aware that these are – the qualities of the Scarecrow, Tin Man and Lion are looking for in The Wizard of Oz. That doesnt undermine them. All Im saying is Im glad that I have these heroes that represent values outside of our popular culture and I urge all of you to choose heroes as well – because if you – dont choose heroes, Heroes will be chosen for you and they will not represent values that empower you but powers that enslave you, ideas that enslave you. – Im not saying this is – something you have to deal with Immediately now, like, Fuck, I better get a hero! You, Russell! No. – Thats not why Ive gathered – you all here. Its not going to turn into a rally. Everyone take your clothes off! – Lets fuck each other, – its cool now! Whoo! – But Im here with – my mum! Sorry, its what he wanted. My mums here as well, dont freak out. My mums here listening to that come river… that bit. Just thinking, Oh, there he is, my boy. (laughing) Its funny cause its true. – She dont mind that – sort of stuff. – Thats why Ive – got this personality now. – Well done, well done, – darling. I suppose whats interesting is that inherently, innately, we already possess the creative power to control our own lives and to control our destiny. – Like, you see earlier, we were – mucking about that crucifix That Jesus was wearing. – Well, of course, Jesus has the – right to wear that crucifix – Because thats – the resurrected Christ. See the wounds in His hands, the resurrected Christ. But also the cross was a religious symbol that preceded Christianity. African cultures worship the crucifix, Celtic cultures worshipped the crucifix – and it was widely regarded – to be the intersection – Of the two energies – necessary for life… Male and female. – And from the intersection of – those two energies, All life, all reality can be created. The vertical male phallic energy… – On a good day, if you – dont take drugs, – If the weathers – nice and warm… Perfectly normal, thank you… Intersecting with the horizontal vaginal energy of the female. Not like Ronald McDonalds mouth, a sloppy blow job. (shrieking) No one needs that fucking shit in their religious life. – Where those – two energies intersect, All creativity is possible. We already have divine creative energy within us. – Thats what these stories are – trying to remind us, And we share that energy with each other and with the soil. And what is the most powerful of these energies, – the energy that the patriarchy – and misogyny Constantly tries to repress? The divine female sexual energy, the creative energy of the female. That is why I worship divine sexual female energy. Yes, thanks, thanks, thanks. Im saying that not only because its true but also because its nearly the end of the show now – and I know if I say – stuff like that – About women – and divine sexual energy, At the end of the evening, theres no way I aint getting laid after the show tonight. – How can you – compare the potency – Of the creative forces within – humanity? How can you even imagine the male energy has the potency of female sexual energy? Just witness the orgasms. Oh! More, hit me! Oh! Versus… (groaning) (snoring) Female sexual energys so sublime, delicate and divine, even in masturbation, its an aesthetic spectacle, as if accompanied by a breeze and muslin drapes, a delicate Rachmaninoff concerto across the clitoris. (vocalizing) Oh, thats so beautiful. A sexuality so divine, so pleasing to the eye that it can be used on the telly to advertise chocolate. Flake adverts, Galaxy adverts, – thats fucking female sexual – energy. Oh, Flake, Flake, oh! You cannot use male masturbation energy to sell chocolate. (grunting) Have a Flake! Ive given up masturbation now as a result of a trip to London Zoo. I see a chimpanzee doing it. (imitating chimpanzee shrieking) I thought, no, man. – Its not different – enough. Also male masturbatory energy, – that is the energy – of bigotry. – That is the energy – that doesnt allow us To transcend the circuitry of it, the angry Rupert Murdoch, George Osborne, David Cameron energy of wanking. – Cant even get his – fucking thumb up, – Can you imagine – what his cock looks like? Jesus Christ. Them people dont know how to fuck properly. Thats why theyre angry. – Thats why their – policies are so ugly. George Osborne, that man… Try and think of him fucking. Try and think of it. – Doesnt know how to – move his hips. – Doesnt know – how to do the final move. Doesnt know the G-spot, under turn. Doesnt know how it works. – Thats why – theyre so angry. – Theyre wanking – all the time. Cuts, cuts, ah! Guilty, angry little conservative wanks. – George Osborne never had an – orgasm that didnt end up On his little tummy. Angry little wanks. Cut the benefit! Ah! – I bet when he comes, – it frightens him. Oh! (speaking gibberish) Bad boy Georgie! Bad boy Georgie! They dont want us to have free, liberated sexual energy, access to the divine and infinite for our own infinite creativity. That is why I worship at the altar of the vagina. There will never be a clearer metaphor for God. From nothing comes all life, comes all creation and Im happy to whisper my prayers and liturgies there on my knees night after night. And get it all in your mouth also. Dont be scared of nothing down there. Dont be afraid of anything on each others bodies. – George Osborne, – he wants boundaries, barriers, Rules down there. – Dont put that bit – in your mouth. Thats where poo poo comes from. Get it in your gob! Right in there. Dilate it. Make it wink. And while were on the subject, lets address the inequality and hypocrisy in the heterosexual world of the male/female ass-lick pact. How can rimming be considered a fair swap between the genders when the commodities are so different? The female, as if its been drawn by Walt Disney. Ah, come here. Ahh! So cute, so perfect, like it could dispense nothing more toxic than little pink Tic Tacs. (vocalizing) Ahh! Get it in your gob. Free them. Ahh! Ahh, Im coming, Im coming! They always tell you. Im coming, Im coming! I know, I know. Its obvious, its obvious. They dont do that with other stuff. Im having a sandwich, Im having a sandwich! Im parallel parking, Im parallel parking! – Sometimes – I do it though. A little announcement. Im coming. With me, its more warning. Im coming, so if you want to, please hurry up. My jaw hurts now. – Liberate yourself – down there. Get it all in your mouth. (vocalizing) (vocalizing continues) – Im coming, Im coming, – Im coming! (vocalizing) Right. Now you do me. (grunting) Walt Disneys circle replaced by the King Kong hair knot. Come on, take a bite of the old leather bagel. The Tic Tac tune drowned out by German oompah-pah music. (vocalizing) (imitating farting) – You want someone to put – that in their mouth, Youve gotta make em come first. – You gotta make them access – the heroin Thats already within them, – the divinity – already within them, – The revolution thats in every – single one of us. That is why I guarantee to any woman kind enough to sleep with me tonight, you will come first. Any woman that I sleep with will always be the first coming. And I will always be the second coming and that is why Im a little bit like Jesus. (cheers and applause) ?? ?? ? Your own personal Jesus ? ? Someone to hear your prayers ? ? Someone who cares ? ? Your own personal Jesus ? ? Someone to hear your prayers ? ? Someone whos there ? ? Feeling unknown and youre all alone ? ? Flesh and bone by the telephone ? ? Lift up the receiver Ill make you a believer ? ? Take second best put me to the test ? ? Things on your chest you need to confess ? ? I will deliver you know Im a forgiver ? ? Reach out and touch faith ? ? Reach out and touch faith ? ? Your own personal Jesus ? ? Someone to hear your prayers ? ? Someone who cares ? ? Your own personal Jesus ? ? Someone to hear your prayers ? ? Someone whos there ? ? Reach out and touch faith ??

AL MADRIGAL@WHY IS THE RABBIT CRYING?@2013@[dog barks] [FisherGreens Sisters Brothers plays] II – Ladies and gentlemen, please give a warm welcome to Mr. Al Madrigal. [cheers and applause] II – What is happening? How you guys doing? Thanks for coming out. I really appreciate it. Hey. My names Al. Ill tell you guys about myself. I live in Los Angeles, and near my house in Los Angeles is a waterfall that I love to take the wife and the kids- and we got some dogs. We take them up there. But its also near a sketchy neighborhood, so theres a lot of gang members that hang out at the waterfall. Its like somebody took an Ansel Adams photo and then put a Cypress Hill video inside it. And at first, I got to tell ya, its scary cause you dont really- you dont expect to see gang members at the waterfall. And we actually witnessed this. This is a conversation that we overheard right when we got up there for the first time. We saw a gang member run up to another gang member with something in his hand. I was like, Oh, my God. My family is gonna watch somebody get stabbed creek-side. The guy runs up and goes, Hey. Check it out. Its a tree frog, homes. Happened. Then the other guy says, How you know its a tree frog, bro? I found it by a tree, stupid. And everyone in my family at the same moment went, Best waterfall ever. Its nature-loving cholos. This is fantastic. And it is fantastic. I find myself watching the gang members appreciate nature more than Im appreciating the nature. I like to imagine that theyre all up there on an organized retreat to get away from gang life, like a field trip that they signed up for to come together as a unit. Theyre up there doing trust exercises. Like, Im gonna fall back. You gonna catch me, bro? I always catch you. I always catch you. I also like to imagine that theyre up there to take care of the forest. This brown beret, conservation corps. A Smokey the Cholo, if you will. They graffitied the waterfall, which sucks. And its not nice graffiti either, because theres good graffiti and then theres bad graffiti. Like, its not some tasteful mural thats been done to remember one of their fallen homeboys that died of Lyme disease. Airbrushed, R.l.P. Carlos. Theres no ticks in heaven. Just says, Chucho. And youre giving me a funny look. They didnt graffiti the actual waterfall. Its like the dumbest gang members ever. Its not working. No. So it just sort of proves that anytime you take a gang member out of their element and you put them anywhere, its automatically going to be funny. Cholos in space. Hilarious. Hey, Houston. You got a problem, bro. Sorry. Which leads me to my favorite character that Ive met of all time. Cholo soccer dad. Theyre everywhere. I didnt-l had no idea. So were down in Los Angeles, and we take my son to his first practice of Mighty Mites football, five- and six-year-olds playing flag football. Its adorable. When out of the corner of my eye- Im there with the whole family- I see a Cholo coming straight for us. Everybody close your eyes and imagine your scariest Mexican gang member. That guys walking right for us. Now Im using cholo a lot, and Im not sure if anyones traveling or from out of town. A cholo is a Latino gentleman that you may have seen with white socks pulled all the way up, plaid shorts to meet the white socks, white T-shirt oversized, very similar to a Catholic schoolgirls uniform. Its a lot scarier. Im not sure if youve seen the movie Training Day with Denzel Washington. Thats cholo-heavy, all right? If you ever watch the Prison Channel, AKA Nat-Geo, theres a lot of cholos in that. Think youre going to tune in and see some pygmy titty. No, its MS-13 shanking people by the handball court. Maybe some neck tattoos, gold chain. Im not sure if anybody wants to stand up and make this easier. Shaved head, mustache. See yourself a cholo. Youre not cholo-y. Youre, like, cholo adjacent. Youre like- Im sure youre friends with some cholos, but with a V-neck T-shirt like that, Im not too worried. So… [laughs] Hes got a Caesar. Im sure you know some, but Im not-l dont feel threatened. Anyway, guys coming right at us. Now, me and my wife have been together for about 12 years at this point, married almost about that long. Oh, yeah. Please, dont clap. Dont clap for her ass. Me and my wife are in sync. I know everything about this woman. I know her favorite everything. When we go to Target, we dont shop. We run plays. Right? She knows exactly what Im thinking, and she is right. I do think everyone in her family lacks ambition and will be a drain on us financially at some point. We have eye signals for stuff, hand signals for stuff. Its incredible. For example, if my wife has too much to drink at a party, I dont have to say anything. She starts yapping too much, I get to just go like this. Doo, doo, doo. Three little, discreet leg squeezes under the table. She knows that means, Put a sock in it, drunkie. Time for you to wrap it up. Somebody didnt have dinner like I suggested. Now youre spouting off at the mouth, divulging all the family secrets. You need to pipe down, or we got to go. And shes cool with it. Thats the best part. Shes like, Was I talking too much? Thank you. And it works for me. So I rub the back of my wifes thumb. She knows that means, Cholo, 3:00. Look alive. Hes coming right at us, like I said. Lot of neck tattoos. Im trying to decipher em on the fly. But I didnt watch Prison Break or Oz. They all mean something, right? So Im going, Why is the rabbit crying? What does that mean? He did something to a rabbit. Me and my wife held each other for a little bit, thinking, Okay, we had a good run, baby. Now were going to die. The guy comes up. Turns out hes our sons coach. No shit. He goes, Hey, everybody. My names Coach Frankie. But you can call me Rascal. See, honey? Were not going to die. Coach Rascals here. Its gonna be fine. He then presents us with a snack list. When your child is in any sport, the team mom, or in this case, a very scary Mexican gang member, has prepared a document to determine what family is responsible for snack on any given game day. Hes laid his out perfectly in Microsoft Word tables. He left-justified all of his text. He didnt go with a gothic-y cholo font like youd expect him to. He used Arial, like we all should. He centered his header, he imported some clip art, and he was very proud of it, so we found ourselves-he- I wrote a snack list. Check it out, my snack list. So me and my wife found ourselves in that great couple moment where youre holding hands trying not to laugh at somebody right in front of you, doing the Morse code hand squeeze, going, Cholo made a snack list. Cholo made a snack list. Dont laugh at the cholo. Dont laugh at the cholo. Oh, my God. Cholo made a snack list. So proud of it. Now, if youre a young couple doing this for the first time, this snack thing, and you have kids in any sport, you want to go at the beginning of the season when expectations are low. You bring some Teddy Grahams, some Capri Suns, fruit, you brown bag it. Wanna go the extra mile? Freeze a Go-Gurt. They fucking love that. What happens is you wait too long, then in the middle of the season, some asshole with disposable income brings Happy Meals, ruins it for the rest of the families yet to go. Then by the end of the season, youre forced to bring pizza, a DJ, and a stripper. And everybodys still complaining. Theyre like, Are these songs fast to you? She seems older. So hes made a snack list. Hes also the worst coach ever, but you cant do anything about it. Hes so intimidating. He actually said this to the kids. Theyre five and six years old. When they get the football, they run in the wrong direction, they tackle each other. If theres a dog, they chase the dog. Theyre idiots. And he says- this is a quote, You guys got to pay attention, or youre gonna have bad dreams. Which is not in the John Wooden coaching pyramid, I think. Leaving all the parents on the sideline going, Did he just fucking say that? Because I have a hard enough time getting that guy to sleep as it is. I dont need Coach Rascal giving him cholo night terrors. Then my wife gives me one of these. You know this? You should know, yeah. A hand squeeze with a squint and a head nod, which means, Get in there, asshole, and say something. Time for you to man up, or Im gonna say something. And theres a counter-move to that. I squeezed her hand even a little bit harder, looked her in the eyes and said, Were not saying shit. You let Coach Rascal conduct his business, or were gonna find out why the rabbits crying, and I dont wanna find out why the rabbits crying. I dont wanna find out. – Whoo! [cheers and applause] Not sure if anyones done this. Over the age of 35, I hurt my neck sleeping. You ever do that? I was dreaming of falling down the steps. Now, as a man, you have very few massage options. Option number one, I could trade one with my wife. Three minutes in, shes gonna complain her hand is tired. Then Im gonna owe her one. Its a bad deal. Number two, the chair. You ever go to the mall? The uniformed Chinese guys want you to get in a chair, sit ass-out, Potsie-style, put your face in the doughnut thats seen a thousand other faces. Im a germaphobe. Im gonna put it in there. Its disgusting. Not to mention, its all open air. I got some fat kid eating a piece of Sbarro right next to me. Its not relaxing. Its not gonna work. Option number three, fancy place. Spa, real spa. I dont have that kind of time. I dont need to spend four hours in some cucumber water utopian environment. I dont have the time. I want Jiffy Lube of neck fixing. I dont want to go to some relaxation room where you got some menopausal hippie lady walking around with an open robe, some car crash of a vagina hanging out, you know, to give somebody a last look before they retire it for good. Its gross. I dont have the time or the stomach. Brings me to option number four. Strip mall massage. You guys know what Im talking about. Huh? You especially know what Im talking about. You know the strip mall too. A bunch of shitty businesses that got together to become roommates. Always a Quiznds, nail salon… Liberty Tax. They con some poor Mexican-American teenager to dress up like the Statue of Liberty out front. [cheers and applause] Be ashamed of themselves. Laundromat, cigarette wholesaler, karate studio… Thai massage. Every one of the businesses is owned by somebody of a different ethnicity. Its like a giant stucco American dream catcher. So I got the neck I can barely move. I got a big show to do that night. You guys see how much movement l do onstage. Its important for me to get that worked out. So I go to the Thai massage, first appointment of the day. You dont want to show up at the end of a long shift because those places are shady, right? How do you know if its one of the shady places? First of all, its in the strip mall. And secondly, if its got the same hours as a Jack in the Box… its probably a Jack in the Box. So… I go in, first appointment. Nice Asian lady gives me the neck massage part, 40 bucks. I dont know if it was Thai, but she gave it to me. Feels better. Now its time for her to ask me if I want the extra part. But she cant say in the words she wants to because its illegal. So she whispers these words in my ear, Do you want me to make banana cry? Uh… [laughter applause] No, I dont want you to make banana cry. But can you ask me again? Because thats fucking hilarious. I was thinking, What did banana do to you? Banana feels bad enough being in here in the first place. What a family-friendly way to ask somebody if they want a strip mall hand job. Its not something you ever expect to hear. Its something you expect to read from the transcripts of when Mr. Rogers is brought up on charges. The banana part we all get, right? The banana part we get. Crying, though? Rarely when I cry do all my tears shoot out at one time. Im so sad! Im so sad! Im so sad. Im so sorry. For your loss. Im so sorry for your loss. Crinkle up a sock. – Whoo! – Im so sorry. ls anybody lonely out there? Clap if youre lonely. Anybody want to admit it? [scattered applause] Thats a pretty good, solid clap. Because loneliness is underrated. You dont realize what you have. Lonely people make the mistake of crying themselves to sleep at night. They go, Oh, I wish I had a companion, someone to watch Criminal Minds with. [blubbers] You dont realize what you got. I love going on the road. I dont want to tell my family this, but I love to go on the road and go on a nice, king-size bed, spread out. Because at home, any parent can tell you, you got some sweaty, little fucker, gets up at 2:00 in the morning cause theyre not properly sleep trained. So you wake up startled, you hear this pitter-patter of feet, shadow. Youre like, What the fuck is that, Chucky? My wife wont let me have a gun in the house, so I got a marble egg in a tube sock. Im like, Whos there? Identify yourself. Hammer stashed under the couch for this imaginary fight sequence thats never gonna go down. And youre too tired to put up a fight, so you let him in bed with you. And an hour later, you wake up clipped on- theyre clipped on like the koala bear on your fourth grade pencil. Like, Get the fuck off me. And why are they so sweaty? Are they on drugs? Are they taking mollies down by the preschool, or is that just what happens when you properly hydrate yourself? And then I got to wake up at 6:30 in the morning every single morning, no matter what Ive done the night before. You get to sleep in till whenever because nobody loves you, and I got to wake up at 6:30 every single morning because I have a cute, little girl or guy that comes inside of my bed and goes, Daddy, wake up. Daddy, wake up. Daddy, wake up. Daddy, wake up. Apple Juice. Apple Juice. Apple Juice. Apple juice. Thats not an alarm clock you can hit. Theres no snooze on a three-year-old. Then I got to go to a bouncy house party every Saturday or Sunday. You know what that is? Inflatable castle on some dickheads front lawn. All kinds of kids in there jumping around like coked-up young Republicans at a John Boehner warehouse party. Aaah! And Im not sure what happens when my kids get in there, but something switches, and they start trying to take other kids out at any opportunity. Its forearm shivers for everybody. Its like an illegal cage fight for them. Its like, Welcome to the Octagon. Two babies enter, one baby leave. Vietnamese baby starts smoking cigarettes and gambling outside, screaming, Take him out! Take him out! Little baby throws a rooster in just to make it interesting. But luckily, a bouncy house is like an alternate universe where pain doesnt exist. Theyre so happy to be in there. I saw the same little, shitty kid whod cry if you looked at him funny, little sensitive boy, come shooting out of the bouncy house. He hit one of the bumps the wrong way and then came firing through the Velcro straps, circus cannon style. Just shoo! Mangles his ass on the driveway. And all the other dads are like, Holy shit. Try not to react, so he doesnt realize how jacked up he is. And then, I swear to you, he just rose up, popped his shoulder back in like Mel Gibson in Lethal Weapon, mumbled some shit about whores and Jews, and went back into the bouncy house, jumping around. [cheers and applause] I have no privacy. You have privacy. You dont realize, but, yes. Its great. I have people tracking me at all times. I really do. I cant go to the bathroom without people following me into the bathroom. Its constant. A year ago, this really happened. My daughters 2 1/2 years old, and all I want to do- how I really want to unwind is that I want to go to the back bathroom, I want to sit there for 20 minutes until my leg goes numb with the sports page. Its your bodys sign of, Okay, thats enough. Im gonna sit there and look at some stats, and thats it. In peace. But Im not allowed because theyll find me. This happened. I had to Swiff. I pretended I was Swiffing to throw em off my trail. I was going to do some Swiffing, and then when no one was looking, I grabbed the sports page, and I snuck back into the back bathroom. And I went back there, and I sat down. 20 seconds in, my daughter with the sippy cup comes busting open the door like SWAT. She just stands there and then looks back like, I found him. Hes over here. He tried to throw us off with the Swiffer, but I got it. Another case solved. Then she did something- she just stayed. She just stood there like this. Cause she knew I couldnt do anything about it. Shes very smart. And I go, Get out of here. What are you doing? This is Daddys privacy. His private time in the bathroom. Get out of here. This is gross. Get out of here. And Im not sure if anyones got a little girl, but theyre all kind of creepy. Look at something. Then I called for help. I go, Honey! Honey! Honey- Krystyn. Krystyn! Please help me! She wont leave! And there was no answer. So my daughter looked at me like, No one can hear your cries. Just me and you. Then, Ill be honest, I tried to hit her with the paper a little bit. Nothing hard. Just a couple little, gentle swats, but she immediately contorted her body to stay an inch away like, Ha, ha, ha. And worked her ass around me, came around the side of me, and then got a quick look at my butt crack. And her first words in the bathroom are, Hey, Daddys got a gina. Immediately I go from trying to get her out of the bathroom to defending my manhood to this two-year-old. What are you talking about? Daddy doesnt have a gina. Daddys a man. Get out of here. Daddys a gina-less man. You get out of here. Hes a-gina. Doing man stuff in the bathroom, reading the sports page. Get out of here. Finally I hit her with the paper pretty good. And in the scuffle, a towel fell, and then the door stayed open. I got her out. And she knew she got to me because she took an opportunity. She walked around and just in the crack of the door, you saw two little eyes appear with a Disney Princesses sippy cup. She just looked at me and started going, Daddys got a gina. Daddys got a gina. Daddy got a gina. Daddy got a gina. Daddys got a gina. Leaving me mumbling in the bathroom going, Daddy doesnt have a gina. Daddys a man. Get out of here. Daddys a gina-less man. And she must have left at some point because my wife popped her head in and goes, What the fuck are you talking about? Daddy- I thought you were Swiffing. Where the hell were you? Daddys a man. Daddys a man. [cheers and applause] They want to watch so much TV. And I dont allow that much TV, which makes them want to watch it more. They cant get enough of it. Im trying to micromanage what they watch too. They watch the worst crap. Its amazing how quickly a kid can take over your DirecTV controller, start DVRing their own shit. Youre like, What is all this crap? They watch- this is crazy. They watched Animal Planet, first of all. They watch that idiot the Turtle-man, Call of the Wildman. You see that show? You love him? Yeah. Yi-yi-yi-yi-yi-yi! If you dont know this, its a guy in Kentucky that if you have a possum on your property that wont go away, him and his buddy will come over and theyll fight it, and then you dont have to give him any money. You can just pay him in an apple fritter, and hes thrilled. It was a good day today. We fought a possum, and he gave me an apple fritter, and I was, Whoo-hoo! And my kids think its great, and they love the guy. I dont like it at all. I dont want my kids growing up thinking turtle fighter compensated in doughnuts is a viable career option. Is that wrong? Is that micromanaging? They also watch House Hunters International, which I hate. Dont-no. You love that show? I hate it. Its the worst dialogue of any-its like, Yeah, I could really see myself showering in here. Yeah, cause its a bathroom, lady, its a bathroom. My kids argue about it. Thats the worst thing. Its like a three-year-old going, Pick the second one. Pick the second one. Its got granite counter-tops and an open floor plan. The fuck? They watch- and this is my bad. I recorded a show that I shouldnt have recorded. Its-l recorded Hardcore Pawn. You see that show? [audience members cheer] No, that is the worst show on television. Of course, cholo adjacent likes it. It really is bad. Its the most racist show. The description for that show, if you clicked on info, should read, Man in Detroit takes advantage of black people. That should be the show. Thats the show. Theres a lot of racist stuff on TV that were not even looking at. First of all, we had some stuff grandfathered in that were surrounded by. Black people should be upset about Uncle Ben still being on the market, Cream of Wheat guy. Were still pouring syrup out of slave head and Aunt Jemima. Lets retire her ass. Well name it something else. Itll be fine. But then for the Golden Corral people to come in and think they can just introduce racist ads to the market is not fucking cool. You guys know what Im talking about? First of all, Golden Corral is a chain of bad buffet restaurants where- first of all, its named Corral. Have some respect for yourself. Here, go and feed on them- they feed the animals. Here we go. Its like cut-up hot dogs. I dont care if its golden. Im not eating there. But the commercial put me over the top. If you dont know the ad, its a white couple and a black couple on a double date. Have you seen it? No. And so the white lady is really annoying. She turns around to the black couple and goes, Were going to have such a great time at dinner. Were gonna go to a seafood restaurant, and Chef Jasons gonna be there, and then were gonna share a $20 appetizer. And the black people hear, $20 dollar appetizer, and they look at each other like, Fuck that shit. And then they throw themselves out of the moving vehicle, risking their lives to- roll, dust their asses off, and show up at cheap-ass Golden Corral where they can eat all-you-can-eat tilapia, which in culinary circles is known as the rat of the sea. Its not a well-thought-of fish. Theres so many questions. First of all, just like Facebook is lowering the value of what it means to have a friend, Golden Corral is lowering the standard severely for what it takes to jump out of a moving vehicle. It used to be brakes, all right? Pump the brakes. Aah! You throw yourself out and barrel roll. Bomb about to detonate. Cliff. You throw yourself out, you climb up. Ah, hes still alive. Maybe its a kidnapping, right? And thats a possibility. Maybe these white people are so desperate to have black friends that theyve taken these black people and kept em in their basement, and they havent fed em at all. And their first eating opportunity was Golden Corral, and theyre like, Lets go for it. Go! Go! I dont think thats the case. My son said this, Why didnt they stop? Thats an awkward moment as a parent where youre like, I dont know. I dont know why they didnt stop. Why didnt Golden Corral just put a brake sound effect in there for us, like the white people gave a shit? There should be brakes, and then the white people should run into Golden Corral after the black people and go, What the fuck? If you wanted to eat here, you could have just told us. We were trying to take you someplace nice. I didnt know you wanted cotton candy as a dessert option. What, are you gonna eat it with a knife and fork? I dont understand. But because of TV, theyve started talking back, and I know this for a fact because I just did all the investigative work in the house. My son said, at six years old, Thats how I roll. Ive never said that in my entire life. My wife has never said that. Thats one of the reasons I married her. My son says that. I said, Whered you hear that, buddy? Turns out these two little douche bags from the Disney Channel, Zack and Cody, Suite Life on Deck. Two little twins who live on a cruise ship for some reason. I watch a couple episodes. They call, like, 13-year-old girls baby, stuff like that. Got the controller- never thought Id be this guy- and I blocked it cause thats how I roll. Shut it down. [cheers and applause] I really never thought Id be the guy thats gonna, You wanna- Im gonna shut it down. But I did it. Then my daughter- I tell her- my adorable 3 1/2-year-old daughter, I tell her to do something, and she sticks her ass out at me and says, Talk to the booty cause the hands off duty. And I look at my wife like, What the fuck is this? Block another show. Then the last straw before I gave up-my son. We taught my son how to make his bed. He does shoddy work, but thats not the point. So I say, No more TV. Youve got to go make your bed. And he walks off all pissed off, and he turns back around and goes, Watch out, Dad, or were gonna beat you when youre old. And I just went straight for the controller. I was like, Okay, you want to play with me, huh? You want me to block another show? What show is that? What show is that? And he got nervous. He knew he was busted. And he admitted, it wasnt a show. I just made it up. And then immediately as a comedian, I got so proud because… its funny, its a legitimate threat, it implies hes been keeping track of all this stuff, and hes gonna take it out on me when Im old and unable to defend myself in a retirement community somewhere asleep at night. And him and his sister are going to pop up out of nowhere, Full Metal Jacket my ass, like, Aah! [wails] Remember Zack and Cody, motherfucker? [wails] – Whoo! [cheers and applause] – I just got to watch what I say to the kids. You see, my wife has a masters in education. Shes a reading and writing specialist. Shes read all the parenting books. And then she leaves, and it all goes out the window, and I say horrible things to the children. I was getting the kids ready because I was gonna go over to a comedians house for a barbecue. We all hang out. But shes gone. So I get the little girl ready, but I make the mistake of sending my son to get himself ready. Any parent knows thats a crapshoot. Hes gonna come out wearing a cape and a bathing suit like, Lets do this. No. But sure enough, he comes out, but instead of the cape and the bathing suit, he got into the bottom of his drawers and closet. So he got old pants. He had floods, holes in both knees, old T-shirt. Two years old, so it doesnt fit him anymore. Theres skin showing. So he comes out looking like this effeminate European drifter. Hello, father. Im ready for the barbecue. I hope they have those little smokies there, and I will suck on them. Like, its hard not to laugh. No, you cant wear that. What are you doing? Why dont you wear the good clothes? Then he got upset because he put a lot of thought into his ensemble. He goes, Aw, these are my favorite pants. Im gonna wear em. I just found em. You said get ready. This is my favorite T-shirt, and I got ready. Im gonna wear it. And heres me saying something stupid. I go, Dude, youre gonna be embarrassed. And without missing a beat, he just steps to me a little bit. He goes, Im not gonna be embarrassed. Theyre your friends. [cheers and applause] Yeah, thats pretty good. Sol made him wear the outfit, and it turns out we were both embarrassed. Taught a six-year-old shame, and I never told my wife about it. I do it all the time. l get- It just comes out. I say this horrible crap. l cant- Its what my dad did and his dad did before him. You know, its just a long history of saying terrible shit to kids, Im sure. He said this to me, and it really, legitimately pissed me off. So I was trying- it was hard not to react. But he said, Dad, when are we going to get the big house? [audience groans] And I wanted to- we live in this little, 1,300-square-foot house in Los Angeles. Its nothing much, and I paid way too much for it, so that just hit me, like, that hes not happy with this, and were lucky to be affording anything. And so when he says, Dad, when are we going to get the big house? It took everything I could not to fucking grab him and shake him and say, Do you know how much money I spend on your sister and you, you son of a bitch? You are the big house. You are the big house! Thats what I was feeling, but you cant do that because you get arrested. So instead, heres me saying something stupid. I go, Dude, lam very proud of this little house. And I bought it with my own money doing a job that I love, and very few people can say that. And the people with the big house get their money through inheritance. And then he goes, Whats inheritance? And I go, Shit. Okay, um… That is when Grandma and Grandpa pass away, and then they give you a bunch of money, and then you can buy stuff you wouldnt normally be able to afford otherwise, like a big house. And not only did I do a shitty job of explaining inheritance, but what I really did is put us on Nana and Papa deathwatch. Now my mom comes over and so much as coughs, hes like, Fuck, yeah. Here comes the big house. Shes about to go. I want a pool. Hes leaving his skateboard out. Die, bitch. [scattered applause] You dont have to clap every time I take a drink. I really am just thirsty. [cheers and applause] You guys are a great crowd. This is nice. [cheers and applause] Are you having a good time? You sure? [audience cheers] No, I know you guys are, but theres some people who are like, Meh. Does it feel weird that youre up front like this? Are you- Okay. All right, well, try to look like youre fucking- just because the theater is called Moody doesnt mean you fucking have to be. All right. I do have some advice. I think we all need somebody five years ahead of us to give us a little bit of advice, and this is weird stuff that youre probably not going to hear anywhere else. But first of all, if you have a little kid and you go- dont give anybody your phone number at the park. And it sounds like something you would never do. Why would-like, thats where the hobos exchange information. But what happens when you have a baby is you go to the park, and your kid starts playing with another kid, and then they get along, and then some weird mom comes over and goes, Hey, how you doing? My names Gloria, and the kids seem to be getting along. Can I give our number? And then you start hanging out with those people. And then your wife goes over to their house for a play-date because the kids get along and its a proximity thing. And then the wife comes home and says, Hey, her husband Bob seems pretty cool. You should start hanging outwith Bob. Now Im hanging out with fucking Bob. I dont wanna hang out with Bob. I wanna hang out with my friends, people that I think are cool. Right? I took over the play-dates at one point cause I just couldnt take it anymore. And see, I dont care if my little kid matches up with the other kid. I just wanna hang out with cool people. My little kid- my kid hated this other kid. And we were at a play-date one time. He comes running up and goes, [panting] Scotty bit me. And I said, Come here. Let me explain this whole thing to you. See, Scottys daddy has box seats at the Staples Center. And Scottys mommy is a former Hawaiian Tropic model and likes to wear tight-fitting clothing and high heels. So you better work it out cause were staying friends with Scotty. And I dont care if hes a cannibal, you make it happen. Daddy needs this. [cheers and applause] You dont have to breastfeed, ladies. Dont. I dont encourage you to do that cause- See, what happens when you breastfeed and youre pregnant, the boobs are fantastic. Theyre bigger, theyre faster, theyre stronger. But as a husband, you cant touch em because theyre too sensitive. And then by the time youre ready to get in there, youre not left with the original product that you started with in the first place. Its purely selfish. See, my wife had a nice B going, nothing crazy. But then, thats when you get to a C or a I get excited. Oh, this is awesome. But you cant touch em because theyre too sensitive. And then they go down again. And then the process repeats itself. The second kid really does a number on them. So now, what was a nice now one looks like a mans wallet, and the other one looks like a leather satchel you might see at a Renaissance fair after it was dropped by a falcon at a high altitude. Now I got all kinds of little hairy guys coming up to me going, Sire, is that the satchel that holds the one ring? No, its my wifes titties, Frodo. You and your buddies better back the fuck up. Its solid advice, I think. I cant stand people who are married without kids, always rubbing their disposable income and their travel plans in your face. They always come up and say horrible shit like, You know, were thinking about buying a second place in France. Oh, thats great. The closest Ill come to a place in France is I might buy a crepe at a food court, and one of my kids will drop it inside of three seconds, and well all cry. Thats my place in France. They also say, We just really like our life the way it is. Basically saying, Weve seen you, and well take a pass. Im finally comfortable with sir. Im not sure if anyones there yet. No. No, youre not a sir. Youre not a sir. You may be. Are you a sir yet? How old are you? – As. – as? Youre approaching it. Right, because if somebody calls you sir, youre like, No, man. My names Jason. Im not a sir. Sorry, thats my impression of you. No, man. Im- Does Steve still work here? Im his buddy. But with me- I dont know what happens. Theres-at a point in a mans life, Mix-a-Lot becomes Sir Mix-a-Lot, you know what I mean? Its like it switches. Somebody drops a sir, and then you cant help but think, Hey, where the fucks my sir? I got a sir coming over here. I just dropped a shitload of money in this place. I think I got a sir coming. Im fine with people cleaning up after me. I just am cool. Because when we first had a cleaning lady come over to the house, it was like I was cleaning up before the cleaning lady gets there. Cleaning ladys coming. Come on, lets get straightened up. Dont want her to think were complete assholes. Come on. I was over at a guys house in L.A. They had a chef. We were making fun of him when we were walking in. Can you believe this fucking douche bags got a chef? Me and my wife left that party going, We need a chef as soon as possible. I had a cleaning lady in college. No shit. I really did. It wasnt my cleaning lady. It was-l had a rich druggie roommate in college freshman year. It was roommate lotto. It was like a Rodney Dangerfield Back to School situation that I just stumbled into. Moved off campus, luxury apartment, beer on tap. It was awesome. And one of the craziest things happened to me in my entire life, I think. We had a cleaning lady come every single Monday. Her name was Leonicia. We called her Liam Neeson. We thought that was hilarious. Who knew it would still be relevant from Darkman to the Taken 2? You know, this guys cranking out the movies. So Liam Neeson is down in the laundry room. 50-year-old Guatemalan woman, the Bible in her purse, nicest lady you ever met, downstairs and doing laundry. Druggie roommates not home, but druggie roommate girlfriend is. Nobody knows this character better than Austin, Ill tell you that. Because Ive been walking around. This baked, freshly showered but still a little dirty Rosanna Arquette look-alike, eating Grape Nuts, cackling at the television, going, Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha. Shes on the couch like she always is. We get a knock at the door. Its Super Mario. The super from the building whose name was Mario. Its the easiest nicknaming anyones ever done. Overalls, plumbing equipment, mustache. Wed be playing Nintendo, going, Hes right there. This is so crazy. So Super Mario knocks on the door and says, Hey, man. Liam Neeson is down- He was in on the nickname too. Liam Neeson is down in the laundry room acting crazy, mumbling something about chocolates. Thats when druggie roommate girlfriend Rosanna Arquette goes, U h-oh. What about chocolates? Turns out that they had a bowl of mushroom-infused chocolates on their dresser. So psychedelic mushrooms injected into the heart of, like, Sees candy wrapped in foil, like youd see in somebodys cubicle. Reeses peanut butter cups, the miniatures. Like, Go ahead. Take one. Well, she did. Shes on two, tripping her balls off in a laundry room. Im the only one capable of helping out, so I go down there, investigate. Look in the laundry room. Sure enough, 50-year-old Guatemalan woman holding a sock, laughing at the dryers. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha, ha! Holy shit. This is happening. Okay. I say, Leonicia, are you all right? Everything okay? Es bueno? Mr. Al, ha, ha, ha, ha. I havent eaten anything all day except the chocolates. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha! Holy shit. Okay. So I gather her laundry and some lint animals shes created, and I bring it upstairs. Rosanna Arquette, no help at all in this situation. First words out of her mouth, she goes, Liam Neeson. You should go dancing. Come here for a second. Can I talk to you? First of all, she doesnt know her nickname is Liam Neeson. Secondly, no ones doing any dancing. Were lucky we dont go to jail here. This is a serious situation. If you dont have anything useful to suggest, you need to shut the fuck up. So now Ive got to explain to this woman that shes on drugs for the first time in her entire life. Im third-generation Mexican from San Francisco. Im assimilation mission: accomplished. All right? But Im working on speaking some better Spanish. My Spanish is shit, but I got CDs and some tapes. You know, Im listening, and I got something- program on the Internet that Im doing. No Rosetta Stone will ever prepare you to tell a 50-year-old Guatemalan woman with laminated letters from the Corinthians in her purse that shes about to take a solo trip to shroomtown. But I do my best. And one of the side effects of listening to this many lessons is that I cant help but sound like the guy in the tapes. So I say, Leonicia, escuche. Los chocolates son drogas. [laughter applause] Los chocolates son drogas? S I. Los chocolates son drogas. She reacts the same way youd expect a 50-year-old Latina woman to act when she has found out she has taken mushrooms for the very first time in her entire life. She freaks the fuck out. I dont do the drogas! I dont do the drogas! No drogas! No drogas! I think partially upset because shes having a pretty good time on the drogas. You should have seen her in this laundry room. It was amazing. Calm her down, rub her back. Oprahs on. Bring her a water. Rosanna Arquette fucks me up again. She goes, You should get her a beer. Before I can say anything, Liam Neeson pops her head up and says, Yes, I would like a beer. Oh, shit. Now she wants to party. And I say, Sorry, ladies. I just went to the refrigerator and got the water. And while we have mushroom-infused chocolates on the menu today, we do not have any beers at the moment, forgetting that she is a referral from other people in the apartment building. She holds up a big-ass set of keys and says, I know who has beer. Within seconds, Im off on this mushroom-infused, Scooby-Doo, Goldilocks quest with these two idiots, looking for brewskis in other peoples apartments. She really does take us right to the beer in this old guys place. You know, an old guy youd see in an apartment building you never talk to. You see him at the mailboxes, and youre like, Oh, theres that fucking guy. Right? Im in his place, and shes wanting to dish now on all of his stuff. She wants to tell me all about him. She says these words. She goes, He has antique dolls on his bed, and sometimes when Im cleaning, they look at me. And I was like, Well, fucking dont go in there now. Thats the last thing you want to see on mushrooms is some porcelain antique dolls. It really is number one on the things you dont want to see on mushrooms. Second being taxidermied wolves, and number three, if youre a Guatemalan lady doing mushrooms for the first time, a mirror. Look at my face. So we get the beers. We go back to my place. She never came back that day. I dont know what happened to her. I do know that she had to go to a hair appointment over her pastors wifes hair salon. She must have been fucking crazy. And Im pretty sure thats the title of a Tyler Perry movie. But she did leave us with this. We were holding hands at one moment right before she left. And she said, Mr. Al, on Sunday, I was reading the Bible to the children, and now Im on the drogas. [laughter applause] I was like, Yeah, thats pretty much how it fucking happens. You got to watch out. Watch out for that stuff. Bad news. [cheers and applause] I do hate my neighbors. Ive invested way too much in this little house. Bought it at the worst possible time. I live across the street from blue tarp guy. You ever see that house? Where it rained and they couldnt afford to fix their roof, so they put a blue tarp over the problem area. Class it up with some bricks. Its like somebody threw a 99¢ poncho on their house. It makes me crazy. I mean, because I find myself now scrutinizing all of his purchases, thinking he should be saving up for his roof. So youll see me looking through my blinds going, Are those fucking new Adidas? That son of a bitch. Fix your roof, asshole. Finally I snapped on him. He came over. He was like, Hey, man. You see Smurfs on Blu-ray? Im like, Did you fucking see Smurfs on Blu-ray? Fix your roof, dickhead. Save up. The only thing blue you should be worried about is on your roof. Fix it. Its made me a crazy person. Really, this house is making me a lunatic. Because Im worried about my property value and all the neighbors with the weeds, and its- its horrible. I recently figured out how to combat everyone. And Im going to pass on this advice to you. I was on the subway in New York, underground, between 14th and 23rd on an F train. And for those two stops, you get a cell phone signal. So I had looked at my phone. In about three minutes, Im desperate to take a look. Whip it out. Select a wireless network comes up, the box. The wireless network thats available to me on the subway underground is lick_my_ass. Its amazing. Its changed my life. Because it used to be if you wanted somebody to anonymously tell you to lick their ass, you had to go to a truck stop restroom and see lick my ass etched into the side of the toilet paper dispenser. A trucker worked on it overtime. Theres a little hairy ass with a tongue next to it. Its a piece of art. Now with technology, you can send the signal of lick my ass by creating a mobile hotspot on your device to everyone in a two-block radius. Lick my ass. Lick my ass. Lick my ass. Its an untraceable crime. Im not going to walk around in a subway car going, Lick my ass? Lick my ass? Lick my ass? No. Its genius. Why arent we all doing this? Do you have wireless at your house? You have a wireless network? Whats your wireless network called? – AT&T.  – AT&T.  AT&T. This fucking stupid lady. Im sorry, but you got to change it. Its a missed opportunity. We all live near creepy people. Dont we? People you suspect of doing weird things. Youre like, Theres that fucking guy again. Just change your network name when you go home. Change it from AT&T to I see what you do. Theyre onto us! I changed mine right away when I got home. I have one in the front and one in the back because I have this little detached garage where I have my office. And so in the front, my network name is now, How many cars do two people need? And my one in the back is, Awful lot of vodka bottles in your recycling. Just saying. I want to change and do this. This is what Im gonna do. This is my new plan. I am going to get- $125 a month- Im going to get a wireless tower in my backyard. Im going to send out a signal to everybody in my entire neighborhood and provide free wireless for everyone.  Ow! – Right? Its gonna be open. Its gonna be strong. Theres no boxes you have to click, nothing. But Im gonna call that network, Hulk Hogans nut sack, just so I can make a large group of people think about Hulk Hogans disgusting nut sack. Ive never seen it. I didnt see the tape, but I assume that its gross. Ones bigger than the other. Its like the tan-orange. Not-its like orangey-tan, but like a tan youd see on a Nerf ball after it had been left out in the sun and chewed by a squirrel a little bit. And sun and rain, and sun and rain elements on a Nerf ball. You know what Im talking about. That orange. Its got long, blond hairs hanging off of it. Theyre highlighted. It says, Brother One, and, Brother Two. Thats what his nut sack looks like in my mind. And you see what I did to you people. I made you all think about Hulk Hogans disgusting nut sack, and I can do that to a large group of people on a regular basis. And then what Im gonna do is Im gonna let it go for four hours strong. Just run it. And Im gonna shut it down for 15 minutes. Im gonna turn it back on, and then Im gonna turn it off. Just so people in coffee shops in my neighborhood are gonna be going, Excuse me, are you on Hulk Hogans nut sack? Because I just got dropped by Hulk Hogans nut sack, and its usually such a strong signal. I have something that I do right now. I do this. I send my daughter out on Halloween, which is coming up. And you can do this too if you have little kids. I have her communicate messages to the neighbors. So my daughter, at 3 1/2, shell say anything I want her to. And she goes up as Tinker Bell, dressed super cute, walks up to the door and says, Trick or treat. And they give her the candy. She says, Thank you very much. When are you gonna do something about your fence? And walks away. [applause] And Im just at the bottom of the steps eating some Nerds. Thats right. Thats nice. – Whoo! [cheers and applause] Its an exciting time to be Latino. I got to tell you that. – [screams] [applause] – Latinos are everywhere. Its pretty exciting. I mean, look. Eventually we will start voting and making a difference, but for now, Ill just settle with us being everywhere. We really are. I went with my dad. We were in New York. He was visiting me at a show, and we were there at, like, a New York deli, restaurant, big diner thing. And my dad, he orders the enchiladas. I go, What are you doing ordering the enchiladas? You should get a Reuben, a pastrami, or matzo ball soup. What are you doing? He goes, Well, on my way to the bathroom, I couldnt help but pop my head in the kitchen. I feel pretty good about my order of the enchiladas. He was right. They were delicious. Theres day laborers everywhere. I take advantage of that all the time. Have you guys ever done that, by round of applause? Anybody ever pick up a day laborer? You done that? [sparse applause] See, you guys havent done it? Dont be intimidated by this. Its easy to do. You wanna go to Home Depot. You also wanna go in the morning. You wanna get yourself a first-round draft pick. You dont wanna show up in the afternoon when the C teams out there. One-eye guy- No, gracias. I prefer dos ojos on my day laborer, por favor. So I show up in the morning. 30, 40 guys out there. I decide Im gonna mess with em with my bad Spanish, try to make em laugh. So I roll down the window, and I say, Quien es mas fuerte? Whos the strongest? And instead of laughing, they all started spontaneously flexing. So it turned into day laborer Mr. Olympia. Hector. Hector es mas fuerte. Now I got to pick one. I just need one guy. So it becomes this weird Bachelor rose ceremony where I got to select my fella. And it really does become this day laborer dating game show. Its like, Contestant Number One. …He.s 5.2.. but dont let that fool ya. He can strap a refrigerator on his back like a 12-year-old puts on a summer school backpack. Meet Enrique! [cheers and applause] Contestant Number Two. Not only does he praise the Lord Jesus, his names Jesus! [cheers and applause] Now lets do some question and answer, shall we? Contestant Number One, do you feel that the regulatory reform passed by Congress known as Dodd-Frank was too constricting, or do you think that it was not restraining enough in banks known as too big to fail? I can do the plumbing. He can do the plumbing. That was Enrique. Contestant Number Two, same question. Okay. Well, first of all, the fact that any legislation could get passed by this do-nothing Congress is shocking in itself. Secondly, it seems like every single month, theres a new CEO thats retiring with a golden parachute or an investment banker that is bilking his clients out of millions of dollars. Now, can we blame our government officials for trying to curtail what is obviously a major problem, or can we claim this as a positive step in the right direction? In conclusion, Id like to add that I can also do the plumbing. [cheers and applause] So me and Jesus go driving off, and its awkward. Its first-date awkward. We want to be talking to each other, but were not. My Spanish is horrible. Youve heard some of it. His English is nonexistent. Lets be honest, he didnt say any of that shit. So were driving 20 minutes in the car. Im going from Home Depot to go to lkea to get one of the kitchens. You ever go to lkea, and you see the fully done kitchens? Youre like, This is affordable, and its nice. Dont do it. If you have a difficult time assembling the bookcase, dont ante up to the kitchen. Stakes are high. Even Jesus knew when he saw the building. He goes, Ikea es e! diablo.  [laughter scattered applause] So were driving. No conversation is being had. You can tell were fun guys, but were just not talking. We need a miracle to bond over. That miracle happens. Spot an African-American woman at a bus stop with humongous boobs. Real nice ones, racism-ending boobs. Jesus sees the boobs. I see the boobs. Jesus turns to me and takes a chance. Says, Amigo, te gusta chichis negra? [laughter] Translation, Hey, friend. You like black tits? Oh, I know this. Si, si. Me gusta chichis negra, Jesus, me gusta. Friendship forms. At that moment, I realize I have more in common with this day laborer than my two brothers and my wife. And we held on to that for the rest of the day. It was amazing what it did for our relationship. Im not sure if anyones assembled a large amount of Ikea stuff at one time, but its one of the most horrible things Ive ever done in my entire life. I was so frustrated at one point, I was ready to drive back to Ikea, kidnap anybody in a yellow and blue polo, take them hostage, do like this Baghdad-style videotape with an Allen wrench to their temple, saying, Either this shit gets assembled and aligned properly, or this guy gets it. And throw in some of those meatballs cause Jesus is starving. And no matter how frustrated I got- Shit would break as we were making it. If you dont have a buddy to hold it in the right place- its made of press-board and glue. And my wife was on my back, and my contractor was on my back. And here I am fixing up this house that my son doesnt even want in the first place. Im in this neighborhood with this blue tarp guy. I dont know if Im gonna get my money back on this thing. Im near a cholo waterfall. What am I doing? And I walked away at my ultimate moment of frustration, just not knowing how this job was going to get done, a tear brewing up from my eye. And I just- I didnt know what to do. But my new friend Jesus knew exactly what to say. He stopped me, and he goes, Amigo… Chichis negra. Ah, right. Oh, youre right. That totally works. All right, thank you very much, everybody. [cheers and applause] [FisherGreens Sisters Brothers plays] II – I Put your hands together I I Stomp your feet on the ?oor I II I Were gonna try it again I I Like they did before I II I Open up your mind I I Turn off that radio I II Aint sellin nothin here I I Just sharing a little bit of soul I II I Come on sisters, brothers I I We owe this to each other I I Yeah, come on brothers, sisters I I Sit back let that music hit ya I II I Let me see ya I I Let me let me see ya shake it loose I II I Dont worry what that toots I I Thinkin next to you I II I Drop it like its hot I I Right down on the floor I II I When you think youve had enough I I Get up and get you some more I II I Put your hands together I I Stomp your feet on the ?oor I II I Were gonna try it again like they did before I

BO BURNHAM@WHAT@2013@Bo What? Old MacDonald had a farm E I E I O And on that farm he had a pig E I E I O Here a snort There a Old MacDonald had a farm E I E I O [Applause] This is Bo Burnham. Hes 22 years old. Hes a male. And he looks like the genetic product of a giraffe having sex with Ellen Degeneres. He has a gigantic head and tiny nipples. Hes isolated himself over the last 5 years in pursuit of comedy. And, in doing so, has lost touch with reality. Youre an asshole, Bo. You hear me? You think you know better than me. You think you know better than everybody. You will die alone. And you will deserve it. But in the meantime, you might as well tell those silly jokes of yours. See if that helps. [Up beat music starts] You used to do comedy when you felt like being funny. But now youre contractially obligated so dance you fucking monkey. DANCE, MONKEY, DANCE! Welcome to the show this is Bo, this is his show. And Bo likes to dance like this. Welcome to the show, this is Bo this is his show. And Bo takes off his pants like this. Play an invisible drum. [Invisible drum sounds] Play an invisible trumpet. Trumpet sound! Drink some invisible water, OH SHIT! That water is real! Bo wants to make you feel comfortable. Bo wants to make you feel comfortable. Random voice Bo wants to make you feel comfortable. So sit back, relax, and enjoy a healthy dose of prolonged eye contact. prolonged eye contact. prolonged eye contact. prolonged eye contact. prolonged eye contact. prolonged eye contact. prolonged eye contact. prolonged eye contact. prolonged eye contact. prolonged eye contact. prolonged eye contact. prolonged eye contact. prolonged eye contact. prolonged eye contact. prolonged eye contact. prolonged eye contact. prolonged eye contact. prolonged eye contact. prolonged eye contact. prolonged eye contact. prolonged eye contact. Lick your lips to make it more comforting. Do you wanna see a magic trick? Yeah! Do you wanna see a magic trick? Yeah! Do you wanna see a magic trick? Then pick a card any card. SIKE! Magic isnt real, you idiot. Read a book. Magic isnt real, you idiot. Read a book. Magic isnt real, you idiot. Read a book. Magic isnt real. Or is it? And at that moment, Bos 20-year-old cynicism melted into childlike wonder. He never knew there could be so much magic in the world. Its a world of possibilities, Bo. What do you wanna do first? Run? Yeah, sure you can run. Fly? Well yeah, you can fly. What? What are you… What the fuck you… What the fuck are you doing? Stop- St- Stop it! What the f- You fucking idiot, stop. Stop. Stop. Anyways. In the distance, Bo saw a beautiful fairy. A fairy so beautiful that he felt proud about being called one in high school. He then came across an old bridge with a troll standing guard. Bo knew that hed have to answer a riddle to get by. The troll spoke thus: All right, for the last time man, Im not a troll. Im homeless. Okay? Do you have any spare change? Okay, thats a used napkin. I dont want that. No. No, stop. Just- You know, leave. Just leave. Please leave. And then, as Bo arrived on the other side of the stage, he saw a unicorn with 5 horns right in front of him. And the pentacorn spoke thus: Hello, Bo! Ive been looking for you for quite a long time no- [Gunshots] [Reloading] [Gunshots] He was safe. For now… But the dark thoughts would soon return. ITS GODZILLA! AAAAHHHHH!!! AAAAAHHHHHHH!!!!! [Screeching] OH MY GOD AHHHHH!!!! [Screeching] GODZILLA!! AAAAAUUUGGHHHHHH!!! [Screeching] Its so hard to be a lizard. Its hard to be a lizard. Tiny arms, itchy gizzard. Its hard to be a lizard. But its harder to segue. Is he skiing? Or is he in a gay porn? Is he skiing? What? Or is he in a gay porn? Is he skiing? Huh! Or is he in a gay porn? Heres a hint. Hes in a gay porn. Okay Bo, this miming shit is getting pretty annoying. So give em the real thing! [Autotuned] My voice is so fucking natural. [Autotuned] Its naturally good. [Out of tune] Naturally good! Na-a-a-aturally good. This is the end of the song and the beginning of the show. Welcome to the show! [Applause] That lizard part was pretty fucking stupid. Anyway, San Francisco! Yeah! We are a place. We are a place. In California- Um, Id like to, uh, Id like to start with a joke for my male audience. Uh, this is a joke for the fellas. Where are my fellas at? FELLAS?! [Fellas respond] Yo, fellas dont you hate it when youre blowing a guy and he ends up being a faggot? AM I RIGHT?! Ive been blowing a faggot this whole time? Third time this week. Thank you so much. Were having fun… This, um- This show is called what. And I hope there are some surprises for you, or someth- Jesus, sorry. Its a good start. Uh, hope theres- He meant to knock the water over. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But you all thought it was an accident. But, he meant to knock the water over. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Art is a lie. Nothing is real! So, um, we uh- Grow up! Grow up with your applause. Stick it… He meant to knock the water over. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But you all thought it was an acc– Just, dont, if its on repeat it will repeat. Just… we can cut all this, so… We meant to play the track again. Yeah, yeah, yeah! But you all thought it was an accident. But, he meant to play the water track a-ga-ga-gain! Arts still a lie. Nothings still real! Food jokes. Lets do some food jokes. Segues are weird. Um… [Laughs] I had a hot dog for breakfast today, and afterwards I felt like this. Cos I couldnt control my stools. Alright, Jesus… Im glad you like poop based puns They will be a majority of the show. Never waste a moment, every moment can become a comedic moment. See. So… Just a little lesson for comedians. This first song, is called: A world on fire [Screaming] This next song, its a little bit… its a little bit longer then that one. And… Thank you. Its about how sad I am, and Im really sad, its called Sad [Piano music] Its about all the sad stuff Just picture a depressed onion cutting it self. [Gasps] I met a homeless man named Rich. Isnt that terrible? I saw a flyer for a lost dog, and the dog did not have any legs. I saw a diabetic kid, trick-or-treating. I saw a giraffe who had a short neck. That was sad, or a dear? I saw an old man get hit by a train. He didnt see it in the pouring rain. He didnt hear me shout: look out for the train! Cos I didnt say anything. I just thought to my self: Ooh, this is going to be sad. And it was. Im a genius. [gasps] I saw a man with only one eye, in a 3D movie. I saw a little boy drop his ice cream cone directly on his mothers corpse! I saw a kitten stuck in a tree. Then the kitten jumped off and it hung it self, I saw a boy who had red hair. I went to a store looking for something to buy. But they only sold paintings of the same sad guy. No wait! This store sells mirrors, see what I did there? LETS ROCK! No. The worlds is so fucking sad bros. Pain. Genocide, war. Sexism, Racism. But I gotta remember theres good things about it too. Like the fact that none of that is happening to me. Score! Still though its hard not to be sad about it. [to audience] How do you all do it? Ive been telling you guys terribly sad things this whole song you havent been sad at all, youve been… Youve been happy. No… Youve been laughing. Thats it, laughter. Thats the key to everything. Its the way to solve all the sadness in the world. I mean not for the people that are actually sad, but for people like us, that gotta fucking deal with them all the time. Being a comedian isnt being an insensitive prick, capitalizing on the most animalistic impulses of the public. Its being a hero. The world isnt sad, the world is funny. Im a sociopath! I saw an old man slip and fall. Hey, what a fucking idiot. I saw a woman at her daughters funeral. Ha-ha-ha. Classic comedy. Everything that once was sad is somehow funny now. The holocaust and 9/11, that shits funny 24/7. Cos tragedy will be exclusively joked about. Because my empathy is bumming me out. God-bye sadness! Hello jokes. Thank you. [applause] Ive got a really good joke about video editors. Video editors are so fucking… I think we should do a poem right now, if thats OK? This poem is a little bit sappy, a little bit romantic, so well get it out of the way now, and well go back to the… Oops… the dirty stuff, you know. Everyone loves at a late show or whatever. OK Its called: I fuck sluts [audience member yells] Its not a roll call but thank you. Sluts! Sluts! [laughs] Sluts! Sluts! I fuck sluts. Sluts get fucked when I fuck sluts. No ifs ands or buts. I fuck sluts! I fuck sluts! Nice girls are nice. But no good for nut sucking. Theyll need a serene night to green-light a buttfucking. But thatll be easy with sleazy old slut fucking. Boo to the nice girls, praise be to slut fucking. I have a list. A list? Yes, a list of all the sluts Ive missed. Ive never fucked or sucked these sluts. And thus my nuts are fucking pissed. So when I fuck the lucky slut my nut removes her from the list. Another dumb cum-bucket struck from my nut sucking, suck it slut, slut fucking, bucket list. [applause] Yes, you hear the influences: Chaucer, Keats. Um… The pages are blank, I know it. Why am I lying to you? Sluts can be white, black, brown, pink, or almond. They can be skinny with big tits, or be skinny with small ones. Sluts can be perky, prepy or posh, with their brains and their clothes all shrunk from the wash. Excuse me. But other sluts are pretty and funny and smart. These sluts can lift all your thoughts from your dick to your heart. They can talk about science music or art. They can put you together, or they can pull you apart. But dont trust there sluts, Dont, dont you dare. Theyll force you to trust them and love them and care. And then theyll be gone and youll be aware of the hole in your heart that that dumb slut left there. Thank you very much. [applause] So, he was lashing out with sexist language cos he had his heart broken. We all learn something. Thank you all for coming. I know some of my bits are a little bit fast and dense, a little bit hard to follow, particularly that one. So I want to do something a little bit slower, for the people, maybe the older people in the crowd, or something, so umm… [laughter] Thiss for you: Heres a slow joke. [slowdown sound] [talking in slo-mo] What did the ear of corn say [talking in slo-mo] when all of its clothes fell off? [talking in slo-mo] Aww, shucks! [talking in slo-mo] Get it? [talking in slo-mo] Like shucks as in shucking corn [talking in slo-mo] and also shucks the exclamation. [talking in slo-mo] Am I right? [laughter] [speedup sound] Good. Were having fun. Umm… My father recently told me that I act too flamboyant on stage. And I said: really dad? Prove it! [laughter] He sad: Well what about that joke where you throw confetti at the end of it? I said: well I havent written that joke yet, cos its based of this conversation! Gotcha! Keep it, keep the struggle. We are having a lot of fun guys. Dont worry, you dont have to fill the silences with laughter or applause. I dont want you leaving this show thinking: My hands hurt from clapping. My stomach hurts from laughing. I just want you leaving the show, thinking: Meh… alright… And we are on our way. I moved to, um… Hollywood recently from Boston, where I grew up and… [audience member yells] Places! And I… [laughs] I heard about these sort of wild Hollywood party nights that people would have and I did not think they were true. Until I moved to Hollywood and I started having them. Anyway, this is a song about a crazy night that happened a couple of weeks ago. Its called: What did I do last night? [Electronic music starts] Yeah! Yeah! Hey! Hey! Hey! What did I do last night? I cried my self to sleep! [Music stops] [Laughter] [applause] It was a good one. When did my mother first describe gay sex to me? Good question, I was 8 years old… I was 8 years old, she brought me into the dining room, she sat right across the table from me. She said: Do you know how your father and I love each other I said: Of course. You and dad love each other more then two people could possible love each other. She said: Well two men can love each other in the exact same way that your father and I love each other. She said: what happens when two men love each other like that. What they do is, they take off all their clothes Umm.. they get into bed And they SHIT ON THE BIBLE! [laughter] So I dont talk to her anymore. OK [80s sf sounds] [Robotic voice] Hello patient #24602 Hi. Im sorry. [Robotic voice] How are you feeling? Not great. [Robotic voice] Has the treatment been working? No, it hasnt been. [Robotic voice] What are your remaining symptoms? I just… I internalise my feelings. I have trouble articulati… Like, other people, and relating to them… [Robotic voice] So basically youre still a little bitch? Real mature of you, disembodied voice. [Robotic voice] I was just joking n i g g e r. [laughter] We are right by Oakland, careful with that shit. [Robotic voice] Im not human, I can say whatever I want. Alright, Just get to the… What, whats wrong with me, please. [Robotic voice] Your emotions and your logic are at war. OK. [Robotic voice] Your creativity and your analysis are at war. [Robotic voice] And most simply [Robotic voice] Your left and your right brain are at war. My left and my right… ? [Robotic voice] To fix the problem [Robotic voice] We must separate them from each other. Separa… [Robotic voice] Splitting your neurological functions in: [5] [4] [3] We book an appointment. [2 … 1] You dont just start counting down. [Robotic voice] This may hurt a bit I dont even know what it is. [Robotic voice] Zero. Just… [high pitched robotic sounds] [Robotic voice] Isolation complete. [Robotic voice] This is Bos left brain. [Robotic voice] Objective. Logical. Cold. [Robotic voice] Analytical. Aware of patterns. [Robotic voice] Aware of trends. [Robotic voice] Hes efficient. [Robotic voice] And a prick. [Robotic voice] This is Bos right brain. [Robotic voice] Subjective. Creative. Sensory. [Robotic voice] Aware of feelings. [Robotic voice] Aware of people. [Robotic voice] Hes emotional. Yes. [Robotic voice] And an idiot. Thats your opinion… So just… Be careful with opinions… Yooo! [Robotic voice] Play nice. I am the left brain. I am the left brain. I work really hard to my inevitable death brain. Youve got a job to do, you better do it right. And the right way is with the left brains might. I like Oreos and pussy! Yeah! ok! And I cried for at least an hour after watching Toy Story 3. I am the right brain. I have feelings. Im a little all over the place, but Im lustful, trustful, and Im looking for somebody to love. And put my penis in! Here comes a female, here comes a female. Puff your chest out take your phone and check your e-mail our evolutionary purpose is repopulate, so gather data now and see if shes a possible mate. Holy fuck! I think she might be the one! Theres something about her, I just cant describe it. Tits. I am the earth she is the glorious sun. I want her to trust me, and I just want her to sit on my face. Sit… sit… Alright new right brain, youre being insane. No left brain! Im just being alive! You should try it. You might like it. I worked hard to give him everything he cared about. You were worried about the things he was scared about. Im calm and collected when you act wild. I am the adult, you are the child. You think you are the right one every time. You think you know everything. You dont know anything at all. Half of his problems were supposed to be mine. But you wanted everything. I hope that youre happy. Cos hes sure not. Well according to my calculations, you are a pussy! Name calling? Really? Were going to do name calling? We are not calling names. We are just stating facts. And the fact is: Youre a quivering pussy. Im the pussy? Well at least I dont play with toys still. OK, Rubiks cubes are not toys. They keep my spacial reasoning skills sharp. Left brain plays with toys. Look at you, Johnny fucking… toy player! Well at least I did my fucking job. I kept him working, I kept him productive. You were supposed to look after him. You were supposed to keep him emotionally stable through all this, now you are trying to blame me for how hes feeling. How hes feeling? If hes feeling unhappy, its because you failed him. You did this to him, he hates you I know he does. He fucking hates you! [crying] Right brain, look, Im sorry. No youre not… Look, maybe theres something that we could do together. Together? Take the best parts of both of us. And put them together. Im listening… It would let you let your feelings out, it would let me analyse. So you could man the themes, Ill man the form. Its something that George Carlin did, Its something that Steve Martin did, Its something special that we could both perform. Do you know what it is? Juggling? We could juggle, and juggle our cares away! It was comedy. We could do comedy together. [Robotic voice] Initiate reassembly. Alright, right brain, we are going to do comedy together. Altight left brain, Ill do comedy with you. Look, we can fix him like this. Make him happy again. I promise. Left brain… Left brain I love you! I know. [Robotic voice] Experimentation complete. Thank you very much. [applause] At this part of the show Id like to talk about how deep I am. [laughter] [piano music] Im pretty fucking deep… deep… deep… So deep… That I called this song… Hash-tag deep. Have you ever stopped to watch a bluebird drop from a tree and take to the air? Me neither. Have you ever took time out to finish a rhyme but the right words just werent there? Meat cleaver. The people in my life, are like grains of sand. Cos they stick together. Often near my butthole. If life is an ocean, I am a deep and handsome fish. A fish thats drowning. If the artistic process is a birth canal then I am a freshly jellied kid, come witness my crowning. These thoughts of mine, must be a sign that Im, hash-tag deep. If Jesus can walk on water, can he swim on land? Have you ever accidentally peed on the toilet seat instead of on your girlfriends face. Me neither. Me neither! Have you ever wrote a song note for note, and not a single note was out of place. [out of tune playing] The people in my life, are like blades of grass. How? Cos theyre all so grounded, But at least grass stays away from my BUTTHOLE! Art is a harlot, and I am her sassy urban friend. Oooh… Thats why youre being so selfish. If mamma is right, and the world is my oyster, then I must have an allergy to shell… You dont know, how could you know? If life makes you wish you were dead. Just put on a good movie then promptly put a bullet in your head. Spend forever asleep. Cos life pales in comparison to living the dream. Hash-tag deep. [music ends] Thank you. [applause] [happy music starts playing] [music stops] [sad music] Dont you hate it when that happens? Yeah. Thank you, Thats called: Beating off in A minor. Yes… Yes… A-minor, the key, not the felony. So… I believe… [laughs] I believe theres nothing more manly one can do then take a shower with 5 other guys. Its true. Its early caveman, Cro-Magnon, wandering though the fog. You know scrubbing 5 other sapiens, no homo. [laughter] Id like to do… erm… do some poems right now. Erm… if thats OK? Were at this point at the show. These poems are actually… Im releasing this special for free so Im going to plug my poetry book. These are my new poems from my poetry book called Egghead. That will be out by the time this is airing. But not by the time you guys are seated here right now. They are pretty serious, and its all just sort of… This is usually the lull of the show. Usually. So i like at this point to sort of take the pressure of the audience. And just read some poems, and then well go back to the giggles. So… This is a poem by a dog: Roses are gray. Violets are a different shade of gray. Lets go chase cars. [Applause] + [Chimes] Me. With my strange choice of adjectives. You with your muscular teeth and your clockwise vagina. [Chimes] I put a chameleon on a red dildo. Well… He blushed! There we go. [Chimes] This is a poem about beauty, about self image, and about the ability to transform. Martha was ugly, like a shaven baboon. So she wrapped her self up in a curtain cocoon. And after a week she finally emerged. She smelled like shit! What a psycho. [Chimes] + [Laughter] Youre incomparable. Like a …  [Chimes] + [Laughter] + [Applause] I want to beat you to death with a blunt object! I want to grab one of those high end fashion manikins by the ankles and bash your rib cage in! I want to sharpen 15 pencils bind them with a rubber band stick the lead in your mouth and punch the erasers! I want to strap you to a bed of nails then strap that bed of nails to the hood of my car so I can watch you suffer as we drive over speed bumps in a mall parking lot during an earthquake! I want you to somehow survive a terrible car crash and then somehow not survive a small fender bender on the way back from a hospital. [Chimes] + [Laughter] Thank you thats called Dad. [Laughter] + [Applause] This is a poem… Its really a story thats meant primarily for children. But I think its got a lesson we could all learn. The squares lived happily. In their square houses. In their square yard. In their square town. But then one day, a family of circles moved in from the west Get out of here roundies! Shouted one of the squares. Why? Said one of the circles Cos this is a metaphor for racism [Chimes] + [Laughter] + [Applause] When I walk into a party youd think I was one of those long straight Tetris pieces cos everyones just like: Oh yeah. This guys here Finally weve been waiting for him to show up Like you wait… in the game… Forget it. [Laughter] No. You had your chance. If I had a million dollars Id pay your mother to have sex with me afterwards Id probably invest the remaining $999.990 Ten dollars for sex with your mother. Comedy! I smell comedy. Well, it was comedy giving off that scent. And finally: Mid October, with leaves spilled like colored pencil shavings. The streets dicing our town into neat, unfair portions. And me. Eating that pussy baby! [Laughter] + [Applause] Thank you so much. Um… Theres things that I dont want to come across in my show, that I worry often come across, about me, cos people dont realize its an act up here. I dont want you to ever think that I think that Im better then people. or that i think I know better then people. Um… anyway, sorry. OK. This is a song from the perspective of God. [Laughter] + [Applause] + [Piano music] Books you think I wrote are way to thick. Who needs a thousand metaphos to figure out you shouldnt be a dick. And I dont watch you when you sleep Surprisingly I dont use my omnipotence to be a fucking creep. Youre not going to heaven. Why the fuck would you think Id ever kick it with you? None of you are going to heaven. Theres a trillion aliens cooler then you. You shouldnt abstain from rape just cos you think that I want you to. You shouldnt rape cos rape is a fucked up thing to do. Pretty obvious, just dont fucking rape people. Didnt think I needed to write that one down for you. I dont think masturbation is obscene. Its absolutely natural and the weirdest fucking thing Ive ever seen. You make my job a living hell. I send gays to fix overpopulation. Boy did that go well. Youre not going to heaven. Eat a thousand crackers, sing a million hymns. None of you are going to heaven. Youre not my children, you are a bad game of sim. You shouldnt abstain from pork just cos you think that I want you to. You can eat pork cos why the fuck would I give a shit? I created the universe, you think Im drawing the line at the fucking deli isle? [Laughter] + [applause] You argue and you bicker and you fight. Atheists and Catholics, Jews and Hindus argue day and night. Over what they think is true. But no one entertains the thought, that maybe God does not Believe in you. You pray so badly for heaven. Knowing any day might be the day that you die. But maybe life on earth could be heaven? Doesnt just the thought of it make it worth a try? My loves the type of thing that you have to earn. And when you earn it you wont need it. My loves the type of thing that you have to earn. And when you earn it you wont need it. Im not gonna give you love just cos I know that you want me to. If you want love then the love has gotta come from you. [Music ends] + [Applause] [Rock music] Walking between the micorphones is really awkward. Tell me about it. Um… Women are stupid! Yeah I fucking said it. They are the weaker, dumber sex. I can prove it to you. I like to practice safe sex. Why? Cos Im a guy. And Im smarter. What do women say, every time? Every time i put on a condom, what do they say? Why are you wearing a condom? Im fucking you with a strap-on. To be safe bitch! Women right, theyre the dumb ones. Its time for a story. Lets do a story. [Happy music] Its time for a story. Its time for a story. A very special story Especially for you. Its time for a story. Its time for a story! Sit down and listen now. Dont be a Jew. This story is called… Its a glitch! You can be Jewish. This story… This story is called: Andy the frog. Featuring long and convoluted similes. And Ill warn you when one of those long and convoluted similes rears its old, head. So here we go: Once upon a time, there was a frog name Andy. [Frog noise] Andy lived at the patent park pond. And he never hopped anywhere else in his entire frog life. He had three best friends: Milly, who never left her lily pad. [Laughs] Billy, who was always hopping mad. And Roger, who was arrested for possession of tadpole porn. [Laughter] So one day… One day… Andy saw something hop across the grass on the other side of the pond. Milly, Billy, Roger, look! -Said Andy. Across the pond stood The most beautiful frog Andy had ever seen. Shes gorgeous! -Said Milly. Shes beautiful! -Said Billy. A bit old for my taste! -Said Roger. Classic Roger! And then she was gone. I need to go find her! -Said Andy. I need to follow my little frog heart. So Andy followed the beautiful frogs footsteps into the forest. He then came across a turtle. You cant pass! -Said the turtle. Please? -Said Andy. No! -Said the turtle. And this is the first long convoluted simile: Then there was a rustling in the bushes. And, like a man who had been shot in the chest with a rifle, the turtle was shot in the chest with a rifle. [Laughter] + [Applause] Andy kept moving, but at this point, like the doctor of the Kenyan track team his patience ran thin. Andy kept moving. [Laughter] He then came across a giant crocodile. And the crocodile began to chant: I woke up this morning, And I sat on a log. I opened up the menu, the menu said FROG! [Laughs] Andy said: No! No! Please let go of me! I can feel my self dying! Youre ripping out my insides! Im never going to find her, am i? Theres no God, Is there? Fuck! FUCK!!!! The end. The end! So, thats the end of that story. [Applause] + [Laughter] If you are curious, the moral of that story is irrelevant, cos we are humans. Why would it apply to us? Um… You know my father is so hard to get along with. Cos hes such a mans man. You know? He believes, like, for example: You should always fight fire with fire. Which is a horrible way to live your life. Especially for him, because hes a firefighter so… He was fired… That was as stupid as we get. But lets get a little stupider, ha? Theres a creepy old man fishing in a park. and the only problem is he tied a candy bar to the end of his line. Hes trying to catch a kid. You know that stuff… Trying to get a little more mainstream. [Laughs] Um… People complain about the way I act on stage very often, you know. They say, like, I repeat jokes. Or they also say that They say… They dont get again, that this is an act, on stage. They think on stage I act too arrogant, too self-obsessed, solipsistic, self-contained, synonyms. And they want me to be… They want me to be a comic of the people. You know. Relate to the people with the overarching glue of comedy. So I want to do a little bit of relatable comedy for you guys. Im like you guys, you know. Once a week I like to slip into a deep existential depression where I loose all my sense of oneness and self worth. Ha-ha! And what I like to do in order to assure my self that I am unique, and not just one of many small white indistinguishable perfectly cylindric checker pieces in Jesus and Satans backgammon game. Is, I will… Ill say a group a words that I think no one has ever said. in that order. So that… when I say it, I feel like: look at me! Participating in this new moment that no ones ever been a part of. So Ill say something random like like: Peanut-butter tribadism. Or: Im your father and I loved your comedy show. Or: At first I wasnt comfortable leaving him alone with my children but then I saw his mustache. Phew… Or um… Or: Yo! Check out this Amish website! Or um… Or: I work at a toll booth and I dont want to kill my self. Or… Thats… too… Too real. Or: Yo man! Lifes about three things man, Three things! Gettin money! Gettin pussy! And the Dewey Decimal System! Or… Um… Or: Hey! Can you hold my fanny pack Im gonna go fuck a woman. [Laughter] + [Applause] Um… If i could break… I want to tank you all for being here because I… Im so grateful that youd all come here and spend an hour of your time with me. And if you are watching at home or whatever. On a computer or something. If you have made it this far, That you very much for watching. Genuinely… I… This is my favorite thing to do. And Im so grateful for people watching it and enjoying it. Um… OK. I will now recede back into my stage persona [Scoffs] [Piano music] I just blacked out for 20 seconds. Thank you for coming. Love songs used to be so beautiful. You know: Let us go then, you and I. When the evening is spread out against the sky like a patient etherised upon a table -T. S. Eliot. Beautiful. Love songs now a days Just as beautiful, guys! Usher, Justin Bieber, 1D. You know them. But these new artists theyve done something very strange to the format of the love song theyve changed it a bit. And I try to… capture how theyve changed the format of the love song with this love song. I hope you enjoy it and mark the differences. Jason Derulo. I love your hair, I love your name, I love the way you say it. I love your heart and youre so smart cos you gave away it. I love your sis, I love your dad, And I love your mom. But more then all of that I love the fact that you are dumb enough, to not realise everything Ive said has been said before in a thousand ways in a thousand songs sung with the same four chords. But youll still love it and let me finger you. YEAAA! FINGER YOU!! FINGER YOU!!! Oh girl, i hope you dont think that Im rude, when I tell you that I love you boo. I also hope that see through this cleverly constructed ruse, designed by a marketing team cashing in on puberty and low self esteem and girls desperate need to feel loved. America says we love a chorus, but dont get complicated and bore us. Though meaning might be missin We need to know the words after just one listen so repeat stuff… .repeat stuff.. ..repeat stuff. repeat stuff… .repeat stuff.. ..repeat stuff. repeat stuff… .repeat stuff.. ..repeat stuff. …repeat stuff. Yeah. Oh you know it? I love my baby and you know I could not live without her. But now I need to make every girl think this songs about her. Just to make sure that they spread it like the plague. So I describe my dream girl as really really vague, like: I love your hands cos your fingerprints are like no other. I love your eyes and their blueish-brownish-greenish color. I love it when you smile that you smile wide. And I love how your torso has a arm on either side. If youre my agent, you might be thinking: Oh no! Sound the alarm! Youre not appealing to little girls who dont have arms. But they cant use iTunes, so… FUCK them! Who needs them? Oh girl I ho… Oh! Hello Satan! [Lewd noises] Satan you taste so good! repeat stuff… .repeat stuff.. ..repeat stuff. repeat stuff… .repeat stuff.. Everybody! [Audience] repeat stuff… [Audience] .repeat stuff.. [Audience] ..repeat stuff. [Audience] repeat stuff… Cmon, louder. I cant hear you. [Audience] repeat stuff… [Audience] .repeat stuff. [Audience] ..repeat stuff. [Audience] repeat stuff… [Laughter] + [Applause] Young ones, listen up! Im in magazines, full of model teens so far above you. So read them and hate your self. And pay me to tell you I love you. [Gasps: I love you] And your parents will always come along. Because their little girl is in love! And how can love be wrong? How can love be wrong? When you repeat stuff… .repeat stuff.. ..repeat stuff. repeat stuff… .rep… [Garbled voice] …I am a vessel… ….666… [Garbled voice] …Illuminati… We know its not right. We know its not funny. But well stop beating this dead horse when it stops spiting out money. But until then… We will repeat stuff. [Music end] + [Applause] Thank you so much, you guys have been… Um… you guys have been absolutely amazing. Youve been absolutely amazing. Thats the end of the show. I probably should have ended it on a sort of higher note there. But yeah, thats the end of what. I hope you liked it… [Girl voice] Bo! [Girl voice] Oh my god! [Girl voice] How are you? [Girl voice] I have not seen you [Girl voice] since like freshman year. [Girl voice] Oh my god! [Girl voice] You were so like skinny [Girl voice] And weird back then. [Girl voice] But now youre… Um… [Girl voice] Anyway… Um… [Girl voice] You should totally come [Girl voice] to this party Im having tonight [Girl voice] with some of my college friends. [Girl voice] Its gonna be off the chain hook! [Girl voice] Its gonna be so good. [Girl voice] You can play some songs for us, [Girl voice] or something. [Girl voice] Ive been telling everybody [Girl voice] how good a friends we were [Girl voice] Back in the day. [Girl voice] I know we never talked [Girl voice] or hung out ever, but… Um… [Girl voice] I think thats what made [Girl voice] our friendship so special, you know. [Girl voice] Anyway, text me. OK. Bye. [Guy voice] Mr. Burnham? [Guy voice] How you doing? [Guy voice] Good? Good. [Guy voice] Im a… Im a agent [Guy voice] from out Los Angeles. [Guy voice] Really dig your stuff man. [Guy voice] Its out there. You know. [Guy voice] I totally get it. [Guy voice] And the best part about it man, [Guy voice] you got all these young fans. [Guy voice] And… Which is great [Guy voice] Because young people, [Guy voice] theyre… theyre very passionate, [Guy voice] theyre very… Um… reliable consumers. [Guy voice] But what you gotta do [Guy voice] in order to take your career [Guy voice] to the next level, [Guy voice] you gotta cater more heavily to them. [Guy voice] Alright, weve done studies, [Guy voice] young people do not respond [Guy voice] to this, you know, introspective material [Guy voice] these challenges to the form, you know. [Guy voice] Young people want jokes [Guy voice] they can relate to. OK? [Guy voice] So… Write a… [Guy voice] Write a silly song about Facebook [Guy voice] you know, write some jokes [Guy voice] about Twitter, [Guy voice] or sugary cereal, [Guy voice] or razor scooters. [Guy voice] Relate to them. [Guy voice] You know, also [Guy voice] you gotta reestablish your presence [Guy voice] on the internet buddy. Alright? [Guy voice] Its not important weather [Guy voice] the material is good or not. [Guy voice] Whats important is [Guy voice] that you keep the Bo Burnham brand [Guy voice] Alive and well. [Guy voice] You get it? Cool. [Guy voice] Well discuss more later [Guy voice] I know its a lot. [Guy voice] My number is 310… 555… [Bro voice] Fag! [Bro voice] What up dude! [Bro voice] Whats up? How are you man? [Bro voice] Youve changed bro. [Bro voice] Youve changed. [Bro voice] I never knew you. [Bro voice] But my friends old room mates friend [Bro voice] said he knew you in highschool [Bro voice] and that you became a real asshole [Bro voice] once all this comedy stuff started happening. [Bro voice] What is it man? [Bro voice] You think you are better then us? [Bro voice] You think you are better then us [Bro voice] just because you are tall? [Bro voice] Woah, congrats man, you are tall. [Bro voice] Wow! Thats incredible. [Bro voice] Woah! You want a trophy [Bro voice] for being tall? [Bro voice] You wonna… We should just give [Bro voice] trophies to tall things [Bro voice] and every tree, and building [Bro voice] will have a trophy. [Bro voice] Does that make sense? [Bro voice] Yo? Why are you acting [Bro voice] all quiet and weird right now? [Bro voice] Yo I know why you are. [Bro voice] Its cos you are an arrogant prick, [Bro voice] thats why. An arrogant fucking prick! [Bro voice] I once herd that you [Bro voice] actually act quiet because [Bro voice] you are shy and introverted in real life, [Bro voice] and that people should not expect [Bro voice] you to act the same way [Bro voice] off stage as you do on stage. [Bro voice] Ha ha! Yeah, yeah… [Bro voice] That makes no sense. [Bro voice] Anyway, you wanna buy some weed? [Girl voice] Bo! Oh my god! [Girl voice] Bo! Oh my god! Bo! Bo! Bo! Bo! Bo! Bo! Bo! Bo! Bo! Oh my god! [Guy voice] Mr. Burnham. Bo! Bo! [Bro voice] Fag! Bo! Oh my god! Mr. Burnham. Bo! Bo! Fag! Bo! Oh my god! Mr. Burnham. [This keeps going…] [Applause] I am Satan, lord of darkness! [Crickets] [Punching noises] [Girl voice] What the hell? [Punching noises] [Girl voice] Youre not gonna hit the girl? [Girl voice] Thats sexist! [Bro voice] We think youve changed, bro. [Guy voice] We know best. [Girl voice] You suck! We think youve changed, bro. We know best. You suck! We think We know You We think We know You We think We know You We think We know You We think We know You We think We know You We think We know You We think We know You [Starts playing music over voices]

ANTHONY JESELNIK@CALIGULA@2013@Anthony Jeselnik. -MAN: Anthony. -WOMAN: Anthony. -MAN: Anthony. -WOMAN: Jeselnik. Jeselnik! Anthony Jeselnik. WOMEN: Anthony Jeselnik! WOMAN: Anthony Jeselnik. -Anthony Jeselnik. -MAN: Anthony Jeselnik. Anthony Jeselnik. Anthony Jeselnik! [ Cheers and applause ] I know, right? [ Laughter ] Thank you, guys. So great to be here in Chicago. I love this city. I like Chicago. Like, I respect Chicago. You know what I mean? Like, if I smoke a cigarette here in Chicago, Im very polite, and Ill put it out in an ashtray or a garbage can. If I was back in L.A., I would do what I would normally do and just… [ Laughter ] …flick it at a kid. [ Laughter ] I really do love this town. I actually once went on a date with a girl from Chicago. Now, this was like 10 years ago, back before I was even a comedian yet. Back then I was just a regular old piece of shit like you guys. [ Laughter ] But Ill never forget this date, you know? We meet up at a bar. We start drinking, we start talking. Were laughing together, were connecting. It was great. But then we leave the bar, we go back to her place. And as soon as we walk in the front door, she passes out cold on her couch. Now, I went to college. [ Laughter ] I knew I had a million options. [ Laughter ] But Im a gentleman, so I did the smart thing. I just got a blanket, I tucked her in, and I left her a note that said, You got raped. [ Laughter ] Thank you. [ Laughter ] I feel like its very important, very important to open up my show with a rape joke. [ Laughter ] Just to see what kind of crowd Im dealing with here. You guys are gonna be great. [ Laughter ] But if you were upset or you were offended in any way, please dont worry. Ive only got two more rape jokes… [ Laughter ] …and Ill wait about 15 minutes. But dont think Im a bad person for making that joke. Dont think Im a bad guy for saying that. Im a good guy. Like, I would never hit a woman, you know? I would never hit a woman, even if she had a knife or… a stutter. [ Laughter ] Its not how I do business. In fact, I might be one of the greatest guys of all time. Like, Ive got a kid in Africa. Yeah, Ive got a kid in Africa that I feed, that I clothe, that I school, that I inoculate for 75 cents a day. Which is practically nothing, you know, compared to what it cost to send him there. [ Laughter ] [ Applause ] You guys are — You guys are doing great so far. I love performing in Chicago. The only weird thing about performing in Chicago, for me, is that, after all my shows, everybody just wants to do drugs with me. [ Laughter ] Like, Anthony, that was hilarious. I got a joint on me. Lets go smoke it. Hey, Jeselnik, amazing job, as usual. [ Laughter ] Ive got mushrooms in my backpack. Lets eat em. And Ive got to keep telling them the same thing Im gonna tell you guys right now. Hey, assholes… …Im fucking famous. [ Laughter ] Give it to me. [ Laughter ] [ Applause ] I think my friend Jeff is gay. I dont know. Im so bad with names. [ Laughter ] Its tough. Smart crowd. When I was a kid, my friends and I got arrested for vandalizing a graveyard. $10,000 in damages. But we had a great lawyer who knocked it down to criminal trespassing and necrophilia. [ Laughter ] I make a lot of jokes about death. I think its hilarious. [ Laughter ] My whole familys like that, actually, you know? [ Siren wails ] This is how hard Im fucking killing. [ Laughter ] [ Applause ] My whole familys like that, kind of, you know? In fact, well before I was even born, my great-grandmother threw herself in front of a bus. Police tried to say she was committing suicide, but the family knew that she was just trying to stop civil rights. [ Laughter and applause ] Yesterday I accidentally hit a little kid with my car. It wasnt serious, you know? Nobody saw me. [ Laughter ] My little sister had a baby recently. A little newborn. Kid is so cute. But she wont let me hold him. She refuses. Says, No way, Anthony. Im afraid youre gonna drop him. Like Im some kind of idiot. Like I dont have a million other ways to hurt that baby. [ Laughter ] I will get it done. [ Laughter ] And people get weird when kids die. [ Laughter ] No, thats a fact. Thats a fact. Like, about a month ago, some kids in my neighborhood were playing hide-and-go-seek, and one of them ended up in an abandoned refrigerator. Its all anybody talked about for weeks. I said, Who cares? How many kids you know get to die a winner? [ Laughter and applause ] I assume you guys all knew who you were coming to see tonight. But if you didnt, you sure as shit know now. [ Laughter ] Like, one thing Ive never understood is, like, the foot fetish. Like, are you guys together right here? Yeah? How long you guys been together? -WOMAN: Five years. -Five years. Wow. Do you ever suck on her feet? No? Would you if you had a different girlfriend? [ Laughter ] Or are you, like, across-the-board no feet? -I dont really mind it. -You dont really mind it? You just dont do it to her because you have mistresses. I get it. Cause Im across-the-board no feet. I once went on a date with a girl where we went hiking. Her idea. And while were hiking, she gets bit by a snake in between two toes. And I had to suck out the poison. So shes dead. -Whats your name? -Bridget. -Where are you from, Bridget? -The suburbs. -The suburbs? -Yes, thats right. That sure narrows it down. [ Laughter ] -What — What do you do? -WOMAN: What? What do you do when youre not being so fucking boring? [ Laughter ] Take your time. Im really funny. [ Laughter ] Im a full-time student. Youre a full-time student. Okay, what do you study? -WOMAN: Psychology. -Psychology. -Where do you go to school? -Rockford College. Rockford College? So youre not gonna be a good psychologist. Last question, darling. Have you ever been on a blind date before? -You ever do that? -No. No? Youre lucky. I went on a blind date once, just once, and I will never do it again. It was the biggest disaster of all time. She ended up being a burn victim… [ Laughter ] …by the end of the night. I mean, it was, like, the worst… -[ Laughter ] -It was brutal. Ive spent the past two years looking for my ex-girlfriends killer. But no one will do it. [ Laughter ] My ex-girlfriend owned a parakeet. Did you guys hear what I just said? [ Laughter ] She owned a parakeet. Oh, my God. That fucking thing never shut up. But the bird was cool. [ Laughter and applause ] My ex-girlfriend had a lot of, like, really annoying habits. I think the worst was that she loved to read womens magazines, like Cosmo or, uh… or things like Cosmo. And she would flip straight to the relationship quiz. And not only would she present that to me as if it was, like, a fun activity for us to do together — even though every question is designed to fuck my entire world up. But even worse is she would get mad at my answers and make me change them so wed get the best score. Like, Ill never forget the last time we played that game. She was like, Anthony, if you could have lunch with anyone in the world, living or dead, who would it be? And I said, I dont know. Caligula. [ Laughter ] And she goes, Really? Caligula? Thats your answer? Thats what youre gonna say to me, your girlfriend? Are you sure? I said, Oh, Im sorry, baby. Let me change that. Id have lunch with you. And youd be dead. [ Laughter ] Yeah, were not together anymore. Shes got a new boyfriend now. They just moved in together. And Ive heard rumors that hes abusive, which makes me want to go over there with a baseball bat and then blame it on her boyfriend. [ Laughter ] But I dont want to sound like a misogynist up here. My ex-girlfriend wasnt, like, a bad person, really. She wasnt a bad girl at all. But she was terrible in bed. Terrible in bed. I mean, she would just lie there, screaming, No! [ Laughter ] That was rape joke number two, baby doll. [ Laughter ] [ Cheers and applause ] Yeah, clap it up. My girlfriend now is great. My girlfriend now is almost perfect. And she hates that I tell rape jokes. Hates it. Says, Anthony, how can you make light of something as terrible as rape after I told you that I got raped in high school? And I said, Baby, because I dont believe you. [ Laughter ] The point is, my girlfriend is very sensitive, all right? Like, the other day, she got her hair cut. Two inches trimmed off of her hair. Then she came home and cried about that for two hours. Over a haircut. I couldnt believe it. Finally, I went to her. I said, Baby, what are you so upset about? Its just a haircut. Im the one thats got to find a new girlfriend. [ Laughter ] Yeah, she got mad. She got really mad at me. She got really mad at me a couple months ago because she had e-mailed me a naked picture of herself, you know, which is a nice thing to do. But then I screwed up and I accidentally forwarded that e-mail to everyone. [ Laughter ] Now, my girlfriend is furious, mortified, disgusted with me over this. But now I dont even care about her anymore. Cause now Ive got to call up my mother on the phone and say, Mom, I am so sorry about that. That picture, that e-mail… was just for Dad. [ Laughter ] My girlfriend and I argue a lot. Its mostly her arguing with me kind of thing. Like, I should just keep my mouth shut. Every fight we get into is my fault. I should just keep my mouth shut, but I cant because Im so fucking funny. [ Laughter ] Like, a couple of nights ago, we go to a party, all right? We get trashed, completely wasted. We wake up in bed the next morning completely hung over. And I know I should just keep my mouth shut, but instead, I roll over, and I say, Listen, baby, dont get mad, but I think your mom tried to have sex with me last night. And she hit the roof. She goes, Anthony, thats impossible. And I said, Oh. Well, in that case, you should always wear makeup. [ Laughter ] [ Applause ] I love that joke so much. Heres why. Did you guys hear, like, the sounds you made? Like that was the worst thing Ive said tonight? Ive told three rape jokes. [ Laughter ] I like to play pranks on my girlfriend, you know, keep things fresh for me, make me laugh, you know? She hates it. But, like, the other night, I put Saran wrap over the toilet seat, you know, which doesnt sound that original, but shes bulimic. [ Laughter and applause ] I like that you laugh until I look at you, and then you stop laughing. Cause you dont want to give me the satisfaction. [ Laughter ] Thats great. You seem like a cool girl in a completely different environment. [ Laughter ] But wed make it work, you know? Like, how long have you guys been together right here? -MAN: Three years. -Three years, okay. What would you say is, like, the secret to a good, long relationship? Communication. Communication. Wrong. [ Laughter ] The secret is trying new things together, especially in the bedroom. The other night, my girlfriend and I are in bed together. She says, Anthony, I want you to pee on me. Now, I have never thought about peeing on a woman in my entire life. Never even imagined it before. But then I got the green light. And, apparently, its my thing. [ Laughter ] Like, I just jumped up right away, you know? But as soon as that begins, she starts screaming at me. Like its my fault she talks in her sleep. [ Laughter ] [ Applause ] No big deal for me. My girlfriend yells at me all the time. She yells at me all the time. And, again, Im a gentleman. I never think its okay to yell back at a woman, no matter what. I mean, you saw how I handled that shit right? [ Laughter ] I never think its okay to yell back at a woman. But the other night, she yelled at me for so long and so loud that the cops came to the door, which is embarrassing, because now Ive got to answer my own door and say, Officers, Im so sorry. There is no reason for you to be here tonight. I already tased her. Ive got this friend named Kevin. I call him a friend. More of an acquaintance, really. One of those people who think theyre way better friends with you than they actually are. Like, the other day, Kevin says to me, Hey, man, you know what I like to do when Im all by myself and no ones around? And before I can say, Hey, were not really friends… [ Laughter ] …he says, I like to take peanut butter and smear it all over myself and then let my dog lick it off. I said, Dude, you have got to get yourself a girlfriend. Ill trade you mine for that dog. [ Laughter ] You guys are fantastic. Its great. Relax. [ Laughter ] I really love performing at this place. And, you know, its a great place to perform. And I would know. I perform all over the world. Clubs, theaters, colleges, festivals. Colleges are great cause its just me talking to, like, 18- to 22-year-olds, you know, which is ideal. [ Laughter ] And they teach me things all the time, you know. Like, I was at a college recently, and they taught me the term — Have you guys ever heard the term but-her-face before? You ever heard that? Yeah. Its been around for a long time. If you havent heard the term, but-her-face is like a girl whos got a really hot body but her face, you know? But her face is all fucked up. [ Laughter ] Now, when I heard that, I thought that was pretty mean, you know. Ive never dated a but-her-face before. But I did once date a monkeyface. [ Laughter ] Have you guys ever heard of that? Its different. A monkeyface is like a girl whos got, like, a face like a total monkey. [ Laughter ] But the rest of her isnt that hot. [ Laughter ] Yeah, she was one in a million. I would give anything to go back and pee on her. [ Laughter ] I like telling that joke a lot cause people think Im about to be racist with it. Like, Oh, Anthony, you are racist. Well, fuck you. Im not racist at all. Some of my best friends are black for Halloween. [ Laughter ] Clubs are great. Colleges are great. Festivals, though — festivals are where its at. Festivals — its like musicians and comedians hanging out all week. You never get to do that. I got to go to South by Southwest in Austin, Texas, last year, which is a great festival. But I didnt realize how popular it gets. I drive into town. Im like, Hey, wheres my hotel room this weekend? WOMAN: Yeah. Thank you. [ Laughter ] Thank you for backing me up there. I dont know. I dont know what story you think we share, but you are wrong. [ Laughter and applause ] Yeah, Im on the same page as this famous fucking guy who travels around the world. Were cool. Were good. So, I… So, I get into town. I say, Hey, wheres my hotel room this weekend? And they said, Well, where did you book your hotel room this weekend? I said, I didnt. And they said, Yeah? Your hotel room is in your car, you fucking idiot. [ Laughter ] Its 2:00 in the morning. Im trying to fall asleep in the back of my car. And I get a phone call from the festival. They say, Anthony, good news. Theres a hotel about three miles away. They have one room that just became available. If you get there right now, right away, they will take care of you. So I drive as fast as I can. I get there first. Guy behind the front desk says, Yes, Mr. Jeselnik, we do have one room available. But, by law, I have to tell you that earlier this afternoon, two prostitutes overdosed in that bed. And I said, Well, how much more is that? [ Laughter ] Are you still on board at this point? [ Applause ] But I dont want to sound like Im complaining to you guys. I dont want to sound bitter. Being a comedian is the greatest job in the world, like, greatest job in the world. Once you get to my level. [ Laughter ] The only thing I dont like is all the travel. Im always flying somewhere. Im always in an airport. Even flying into Chicago a couple days ago, two-and-a-half-hour flight delay. Im stuck in an airport bar talking to some random asshole. And I got nowhere to go. So Im like, Hey, man, what do you do? And he says, and I quote, Oh, nothing right now. But I used to be a priest. As in, Oh shit, right? But I got nowhere to go. So we keep talking, we keep drinking. Finally, two hours goes by. Guy gets up. Hes like, Hey, man, I got to catch my flight. But I dont want to lie to you. I used to be a priest. I got kicked out cause I molested a kid. Now, heres the thing. After talking to this guy and getting to know this guy for two hours, I have to admit, he was actually a really cool guy, if you could forget about, you know… …all that Jesus bullshit. [ Laughter and applause ] Yeah, thats a favorite. Im probably gonna tell it again later. But its not all bad news with me, you know? My grandfather turns 100 years old next month. [ Applause ] Maybe. [ Laughter ] Im… Im really skeptical. I dont think I ever got over my grandmothers death when I was a kid. My grandmother died from a heart attack during my 9th birthday party. Literally while she was eating cake. And I guess that must have screwed me up a little bit, you know? I mean, I still have birthday parties. But now Im just careful what I wish for. [ Laughter and applause ] My dads been having a hard time lately. Keeps on losing his keys. Cant hang on to a set of keys to save his life. And he has tried everything, too. Little hook next to the door. Little bowl next to his bed. One of those keychains that makes a noise when you whistle, you know. Nothing worked. So, finally, this year for his birthday, the whole family chipped in and we put him in a home. [ Laughter ] And that was not easy. Not an easy decision to make at all. My dad was an amazing man, you guys. My dad was an amazing — My dad raised five boys all by himself… …without the rest of us knowing. [ Laughter ] And, sure, my dad had his problems, you know? He had his issues. My dad was a big-time alcoholic, major-league alcoholic, black-out-every-night kind of alcoholic. But, to his credit, my dad never once laid a finger on either me or my mom, not once. And I dont know if it was just because he loved us so much or if he just hated my sisters. -But either way… -[ Laughter ] Either way, he was a great dad. I remember a tough time for me. I was like 10 years old. My parents call me into their bedroom. They say, Anthony, we want to get a divorce. You have to decide which one of us you want to live with. I was a 10-year-old kid. I didnt know any better. I just said, Dad, Dad. I want to live with Dad. It was heartbreaking. My mom just looked at the floor and said, Well, whatever you want, Anthony. And my dad just said, I dont want a divorce anymore. [ Laughter ] That was tough. And maybe the most uncomfortable moment of my life was when my dad gave me the sex talk. Oh, God. The old man was into some really crazy shit. [ Laughter ] But then maybe the greatest moment of my life ever — I think this is, like, a universal things for guys — Im 12 years old, Im sneaking around my house, and I found my dads porn in the back of the attic. That was a great day. That was a game changer for me. But then the worst day of my life was the day I found my moms porn… …in the back of that video store. [ Laughter ] I told that joke recently on Conan — thats right, Conan… [ Laughter ] …and immediately afterwards, my mom called me on the phone. And she said, Anthony, what the fuck? [ Laughter ] Do you really have to make up a joke that makes me sound like I work in pornography and then say it on Conan? Thats my least favorite joke that you have. And I just said, Well, Mom, thats only because you havent heard the other jokes I tell about you that they are not allowed to let me say on Conan.' -Per example… -[ Laughter ] My mom is crazy. People always like to joke, Oh, my moms crazy. My mom is ca-razy. Her entire house is filled with nothing but pictures of Princess Diana. And theyre all from right after the accident. [ Laughter ] And most of them she drew. Like, its really fucked up, you guys. [ Laughter ] My mom had one of those tiny, little dogs, those little Pomeranians. And she loved it more than any of her kids. To the point that when it finally died last year, she had it stuffed… with another Pomeranian. [ Laughter ] [ Sighs ] And my moms been having a hard time lately. She just found out she has to have both of her breasts removed… if shes ever gonna be good at golf. [ Laughter ] Yeah. That cannot be easy to hear. So I went home to visit — Im from Pittsburgh, originally — and just hang out with my mom for a little bit, you know? -[ Scattered applause ] -Yeah. Congrats. [ Laughter ] Wanted to go home and hang out with her for a little bit, you know, help her out, cheer her up. But all my mom cares about now is the lottery and me running errands for her. Like, every day. Every day, its, Anthony, go play my numbers. Go play my numbers, please. I dont want to miss out today. Finally, after a week of this, I had to say to her, Mom, are you out of your goddamn mind? Dont you know youve got a better chance of getting struck by lightning than me doing you a favor? [ Laughter ] Now, one thing Ive learned in all my years of doing stand-up comedy is that people get really upset. Audiences get really upset if I ever try to tell a joke about suicide. So, because of that, here are four jokes about suicide. [ Laughter ] MAN: Ow! [ Chuckles ] Thats appropriate. [ Laughter ] Ive got a long history of suicide in my family. The good news is, it skips a generation. So if Im lucky, my kids will do it. [ Laughter ] Ill never forget my sister Ashley tried to kill herself last year by throwing herself off a cliff, which is awful. Im actually the one who found her and had to drive her to the cliff. [ Laughter ] Like I dont have better shit to do. When I was a kid, my Uncle Tom killed himself. I remember that because the family actually tried to cover it up, make it look like he accidentally shot himself playing regular roulette. [ Laughter ] No one — No was fooled. Just didnt work. But I think the worst for me was probably my cousin Ty, who killed himself a couple years ago. That was hard cause he was just, like, a little bit older than me. I would always go to him for advice. And he was great with it, too, whether I was asking about school or girls, just life in general, you know? He always said the same thing to me. Hed say, Anthony, kill yourself. [ Laughter ] I miss that guy. No, you guys have been a great crowd tonight. Youve gone with me everywhere Ive wanted you to go. But if youve just been sitting there this whole time, thinking, Anthony, this is all well and good, but where are your offensive jokes? [ Laughter ] Where are your showstoppers, if you will? Well, guys, I save those for the end. Im gonna tell you all a series of jokes right now that are going to get increasingly more offensive. [ Cheers and applause ] I like that enthusiasm. Lets see how far it carries. [ Laughter ] They say its easy — They say its easy to make fun of retarded people. But let me tell you guys something — It is not. You have really got to explain it to them. [ Laughter ] That was the first one. Every night, my girlfriend comes home from work, and she brings with her a houseplant. Shes like, Anthony, I had to pick this up. We need a houseplant in our apartment. And every night, I make her return it. I say, No way, baby. You cant take care of a houseplant. You couldnt even keep your baby alive. [ Laughter ] Right? Two for two, huh? [ Laughter and applause ] We just, uh — We just found out my little brother has a peanut allergy. A peanut allergy, which is very serious, I know. But, still, I feel like my parents are totally overreacting. They caught me eating a tiny little bag of airline peanuts, and they kicked me out of his funeral. [ Laughter ] I feel like some of you guys might be too nice to laugh at some of these jokes. And thats okay. Not everybody has a great sense of humor. [ Laughter ] You guys would probably love my little nephew. Hes like 6 years old. So cute. I talk to him every day on the phone. Hes unbelievable. Hes got, like, the greatest imagination ever. Hes either gonna be an incredible artist someday or he really did get molested. [ Laughter ] [ Cheers and applause ] I wasnt even laughing about that one. I was thinking about whats coming. [ Laughter ] I feel like I need to say, like, I really believe this, that being a mother seems like one of the toughest jobs in the world. Like, literally, right below comedian. [ Laughter ] So, to me, if a mother does her best, then, in my book, shes a good mom, all right? Now, my mom did her very best. Unfortunately, she was also a terrible person. Like, my mom, for most of her life — and this is true — my mom, for most of her life, was a Holocaust denier. Does everybody know what that means? [ Laughter ] It means she couldnt believe the Holocaust happened. Its, like, the worst thing you can be. And it was terrible for the entire family to have to deal with until, finally, a couple years ago, we had an intervention. And we had a rabbi come into the home, had him walk her through the history of the Jewish people, and then he made her watch Schindlers List. And after that, my mom did a complete 180. Now she cant believe it only happened once. [ Laughter ] Im glad you guys enjoyed that one. [ Laughter ] Because my mom was also really racist, too. Like, when I was a kid, my mom thought it was smart parenting, she thought it was a good idea to try to convince me that Santa Claus was black. Because then that way, when I eventually found out he didnt exist, it wouldnt be that big a letdown. [ Laughter ] Three more. [ Laughter ] Im not a religious person. I would call myself an atheist. I dont have a good story behind it. Im just reasonable. [ Laughter ] But my girlfriend [Chuckles] My girlfriend has got, like, the greatest story behind why shes not religious anymore. She said, when she was a kid, like 12 years old, her parents nailed a 25-pound crucifix to the wall right above her bed. And about two weeks later, in the middle of the night, the crucifix falls off the wall and leaves a two-inch gash in the back of her dads head. [ Laughter ] Yeah. Like, whether you laughed or not, you got to admit, thats a fucking great story. [ Laughter ] Now, one thing that drives me crazy with my girlfriend now is that shes got, like, a million shoes. Like, a million shoes. And she doesnt even like to wear them. I swear she just likes stealing from the Holocaust Museum. [ Laughter ] Now, that joke, youre either laughing or youve simply never been to the Holocaust Museum. [ Laughter ] You got to believe me. Its like a Nike factory in there. [ Laughter ] But if you havent been, you should go. Its important. [ Laughter ] Now, people who fly a lot the way that I do, people who fly all the time, they all say the same thing to me. They say, Anthony, theres nothing worse than a baby on an airplane. Nothing worse than a baby on an airplane. But I disagree. I can give you guys four examples of when having a baby on an airplane was awesome. Although they were all on 9/11. [ Laughter ] [ Applause ] Now, this is the ideal time to tell you guys that I love to meet fans after the show. I like when people come up and say, Anthony, youre a genius. Anthony, best show Ive ever seen. And thats it. I dont ever want to hear anything else. If youve got a bone to pick with me over something Ive said tonight, instead, you should just shut the fuck up. [ Laughter ] Because, seriously, I know more about comedy than you do, and you came to see me. [ Man shouts indistinctly ] Like I said, shut the fuck up. [ Laughter ] [ Cheers and applause ] But, still, even after Ive just said all that, you still feel like you need to come up and bitch, well, then, I will be as polite as I can possibly be. However, it is ill-advised. Because you will end up as a joke in my act… [ Laughter ] …much like the blind guy who came up and complained to me in Seattle after a show. He walked up and said, Anthony, Anthony. [ Laughter ] Why didnt you tell any blind jokes tonight? I came here to hear blind jokes tonight. And I said, Well, heres a blind joke. [ Laughter ] Another good one for me was the lesbian in Portland who ran up after a show. And I know she was a lesbian because she ran up and yelled out, Anthony, Im a lesbian! And I thought you were really funny tonight, but youre just lucky you didnt make any lesbian jokes up there. Cause I would have gotten really mad if you had made fun of any lesbians tonight. And I wanted to say to her, Hey, do you realize that that makes you a terrible person and that you have no sense of humor? Plus, youre an idiot if you felt okay laughing at all the other messed-up things I joked about but youd have gotten really upset if Id made fun of you or something you care about. And I was gonna say all that, but then I remembered, Anthony, shes a lesbian. She knows. [ Laughter ] My second-favorite post-show interaction of all time had to be — I was in Boston a couple years ago, and a very drunk girl — theyre always very drunk — ran up to me. And she screams out, You should never make fun of the Holocaust! And I said, Why? You know, just to be a dick. [ Laughter ] And she says, Because I lost family in the Holocaust. And I said, Well, you dont look Jewish. And she said, Listen, asshole. There are certain lines youre not supposed to cross, certain boundaries youre never supposed to push. And I said, Hey, hey, hey. I just gave you a compliment. [ Laughter ] But my favorite — the best, most unbeatable, never-gonna-happen-again post-show interaction of all time had to be just — just about a year ago. I was performing in Orlando, Florida, home of Casey Anthony. And this is right after the trial, like immediately after the trial. And I said, Listen, everybody, I dont understand what the big deal is here. Of course Casey Anthony is innocent. If shes guilty of anything, its killing her baby. [ Laughter ] Now, after the show, Im taking pictures, signing tits — You know how it is. [ Laughter ] And a guy walks up to me, totally sober, looking very upset. And he says, You need to do me a favor, which is a terrible way to start. He says, You need to never tell another Casey Anthony joke ever again. And I said, Why? You know, just to be a dick. [ Laughter ] And he says — Ill never forget this. He says, Because her daughter, Caylee Anthony, is my niece. And I said, Bullshit. At which point he takes out his phone, sadly hits a couple buttons, and he shows me a picture of him holding little Caylee Anthony, in happier times, of course. [ Laughter ] And he says, See? See, you son of a bitch? And I said, No, man, I believe you. I just mean she was your niece. Thank you very much, everybody. Have a great night. Thank you so much. -Thank you. -[ Cheers and applause ] WOMAN: Hey, everybody, I am your Anthony Jeselnik fluffer, as it were. Just gonna do a few minutes before we bring him up. I had $10,000. No, I would be happy. [ Laughs ] And then I go to London, my first day there… [ Laughter ] You walk into the house. You have a jacket, hat, and bag. Yeah, but, yeah. But very good-looking. And that is a great combination, right? And then make this very non-guilty face. [ Laughter ] Its like, Ive never seen… Amazing. You guys have been awesome. Enjoy Anthony Jeselnik. Its gonna be an amazing night. Thank you! [ Cheers and applause ] [ Applause ] MAN: All right, you guys, put your hands together. Please welcome Anthony Jeselnik! [ Cheers and applause ]

LOUIS C.K.@OH MY GOD@2013@Intro Fade the music out. Lets roll. Hold there. Lights. Do the lights. Thank you. Thank you very much. I appreciate that. I dont necessarily agree with you, but I appreciate very much. Well, this is a nice place. This is easily the nicest place For many miles in every direction. Thats how you compliment a building And shit on a town with one sentence. It is odd around here, as I was driving here. There doesnt seem to be any difference Between the sidewalk and the street for pedestrians here. People just kind of walk in the middle of the road. I love traveling And seeing all the different parts of the country. I live in New York. I live in a– Theres no value to your doing that at all. The Old Lady And The Dog I live– I live in New York. I always– Like, theres this old lady in my neighborhood, And shes always walking her dog. Shes always just– shes very old. She just stands there just being old, And the dog just fights gravity every day, just– The two of them, its really– The dogs got a cloudy eye, and shes got a cloudy eye, And they just stand there looking at the street In two dimensions together, and– And shes always wearing, like, this old sweater dress. I guess it was a sweater when she was, like, 510, But now its just, like, this sweater And her legs are– her legs are a nightmare. Theyre just white with green streaks and bones sticking out. Her legs are awful. I saw a guy with no legs wheeling by, And he was like, yecch, no thank you. I do not want those. Id rather just have air down here like I have Than to look down at that shit. I see these two all the time, and I always look at them, And I always think, god, I hope she dies first. I do. I hope she dies first, for her sake, Because I dont want her to lose the dog. I dont think shell be able to handle it. If she dies– If the old lady dies first, Im not worried about the dog Because the dog doesnt even know about the old lady. This dog is aware of three inches around his head. Hes living in two-second increments. The second hes in and the one he just left Is all he knows about, But if he dies, this lady, shes gonna be destroyed Because this dog is all she has, And I know hes all she has because she has him. Theres no– If she had one person in her life, She would not keep this piece of shit little dog. Even if just some young woman in her building one morning Were to say, good morning, gladys, Shed be like, good, And just flush him down the toilet, just– Poom! Poom! The dog just keeps bumping on the drain. Poom!  she gives up. Ends up just shitting on her dog for the rest of her life. P-p-p! Poom! My Daughter Likes Fish You ever flush a pet down the toilet? I had to flush my daughters fish down the toilet. I came home, the fish was dead. She wasnt home from school yet, so I just flushed the fish, And thats a weird moment, too, cause fish live in water. So you put it in the toilet, floats to the bottom, Like, yeah, hes dead, And then you flush, and it looks like he goes, wait a second! Aw, shit! I was taking a nap! Jesus! you gotta be in constant motion To get any respect in this house. And then my daughter comes home. why did he die, da– Come on. What am I gonna say? Why did he die? Because who gives a shit? Thats the reason. Thats the actual reason, is because didnt matter That he was alive. Thats why hes dead. He didnt know his name, and he didnt love you back. These are the facts about that fishs life. My daughter likes fish. We took her to the aquarium. I took both my kids to the aquarium in boston, And we were looking at this seal, or sea lion. I dont know which one. I dont care. I dont think they need to be separate things. I really dont. They dont care, and we dont care. Theres, like, three scientists Who give a shit what we call all those things. The scientists could go on TV tomorrow And say, ok, everybody. from now on, seals and sea lions and walruses, And–you know what?–Penguins are all seals now, And we would all be like, yeah, all right. Fine. Yes. Whatever, man. Anyway, so were looking at this seal/sea lion thing, And hes looking back at us through the plexiglas, And hes going– Theyre really disgusting in person. Most animals are when you really see them. You ever go to a farm? You think youre gonna see little, white sheep Going, baa, but theyre all fat and shit-colored, And theyre like– Jesus. That thing is awful. Anyway, seals dont go– They go– My daughters like, what is he saying? I dont know! Im a slave! Kill me! The Food Chain Must be awful to be other kinds of stuff, You know? Im glad Im this. This is a pretty good deal when you consider the alternatives. Anything else, any other kind of thing, youre in the food chain. Youre in the food– we are out of the food chain. I dont know if we fully appreciate the fact That we got out of the food chain. That is a massive upgrade Because for every other living thing, Life ends by being eaten. Thats how all life ends, is– Every single life except human life, Every life ends like this. Aah! Aah! Aah! Were the only ones that get to just die old in a bed, Just I love you. Bye. I mean, imagine if we were still in the food chain On top of everything else. Imagine if we were in the food chain. It would just be another thing you gotta deal with. Youre already having a bad day. You wake in up in the morning. Youre making breakfast. You burn your toast, and its too late to try again, And your kid comes in and says, beh, and youre like, fine, And its just, why? You get a thing in the mail That says that your phones different, And your mortgage is another company now. What? I dont get it! Then youre walking to work like, why do I even bother? shit! Goddamn it! theres always fucking cheetahs at the train station! Stop it! You think that sharks– Do you think that sharks would be embarrassed If they knew that we could all see their fins Sticking out the top of the water? I think theyd be bummed cause I dont think sharks are aware of that at all. I think sharks think theyre slick. They swim around like, hey, nobody has any idea whats down here, And were all up here like, theres totally a shark right there. It wouldnt be fun being a predator, either. If youre a predator, imagine if every time youre hungry, You gotta chase a guy Whos running for his life. You gotta– come on, dude! Shit, get over here! And just hold him down and bite his neck Till he shuts the fuck up for a minute So you can just sit there and eat his stomach Before you go to work. That would really suck. Thats why animals just– They go, lets do this together, man. you chase the parents away. I am gonna eat the kid, and you circle back. Thats why they do it like that. fuck it. Im eating babies. This is bullshit. grownups aint worth the meat. Whoops, all right. All right. shit. Goddamn it. Idiot. This isnt a gay voice, by the way. Its not. Shut up. yeah. Courtyard Confrontation I live in New York city, and its OK there. I live in a nice building. I never lived in a nice place before. When I was growing up, I had no money. I mean, my mom didnt. Didnt matter. I was a child. But Im not used to it cause its nice. Theres, like, a pretty courtyard With flowers and a fountain with little marble boys pissing. I dont know. What is it with fountains? Like, all fountain sculptors are pedophiles, basically. You cant get a fountain made without– can you make me a fountain? yes, Ill get started right away! Yes! Yes! Its finished! And its just little boys pissing on the face Of a Greek god that looks like him a lot. just piss on me forever! Anyway, theres one of those in the courtyard of my building, And my first week in the building about a year ago, I went down to the courtyard for the first time, And I didnt look too good, you know? It was a Sunday morning. Thats my least presentable hour. Theres a lot of, you know, just stains, Just like, you know, food and me and whatever… And so Im sitting there. So? Shut up. Ha ha ha! Anyway, but so there I was. Im sitting on the stone bench of this courtyard And feeling a little out of place. You know, theres these fancy doormen and stuff, And then theres this guy looking at me. I notice hes looking at me from across the courtyard, And hes all spiffy-looking. Hes got brown shoes, and hes looking at me like,  I can tell he was thinking I dont live in the building. He thinks I just wandered in off the streets And sat in the courtyard. I can tell hes thinking of coming over And dealing with me on his own, and Im sitting there thinking, Like, please do that. Yes. Please, come on, come on. Come on, come on, come on, And Im trying to look even more gross, And Im, like, pulling up my shirt,  And then I see him go, no. Thats not gonna do at all, And he comes over to me,  and Im like, Num num num! Im so excited to have this thing, a confrontation Where Im not wrong at all and he thinks I am. rrgh! So he comes over, says, excuse me, do you live in this building? And I said, no, cause why not start there? I said, no. He goes, well then, what are you doing here? And I said, I just need to rest. Im having a hard time. He says, this is private property, And I said, well, I dont really believe in that. You know, just the worst things I could say from his point of view is basically all the things I was saying, And he goes, well, if you dont leave, Im gonna talk to the doorman. I was like, can I just stay, like, five more hours? So hes–no, and he goes over to the doorman and I see him talking about me to the doorman like this, and then I see the doorman going, no. That guy lives here. Its OK, And the look on his face– mwah mwah! Num num!– It was just so– It was this beautiful cocktail of anger and confusion. Its like I had invented a new way to hurt somebodys feelings. Thats how excited I was. Getting What Old Is Im 45 now, So Im either halfway through a healthy life or almost done with a not-so-healthy life. I dont know which one. I wont know till its over where this was. I dont know how long Im gonna live. I dont know. Nobody knows, I guess. I think human life expectancy is pretty good. We get a good run, you know? Some people die early, you know? If I die now, people will be like, thats too bad. If I die five years from now, theyll be like, well, all right, like its not even– Its– Like, as soon as youre 50, youre a candidate. You know, theres no candlelight vigils for 50-year-old guys that die, and you start pushing– You know, some people get to be like, 80s, 90s. You know, there are people that get to, like, 114, and then theyre in the news, and its always some old guy, I met Napoleon. No, you didnt, you liar, You oldest liar in the world. But 45, you know, youre not old yet, But you start having moments Where you kind of start getting what old is, Especially if you didnt take care of yourself, you know? I have moments where Im like, wow, this seems early for this. Like, this is something that happens to me a lot. Ill be sitting watching TV or doing nothing, And all of a sudden, Ill realize, I need to wipe my ass right now. I mean, nothing happened, But I really gotta wipe my ass right now. Right now. Gotta make trips to the bathroom just to wipe my ass. How does this happen already? Im 45. Already, my assholes just like, Just–  My asshole– My assholes like the waistband on old pajama bottoms, Just kinda… Loose and ineffectual. My assholes like a bag of leaves that nobody tied up. Its just sitting on the lawn, full and open, Puking leaves onto the grass with every wisp of wind. Some kid kicks it over on his way home From a tough day at middle school. rats. Thats a pretty accurate description of my asshole. Heres another thing about my age right now. If Im– OK. Say Im sitting down. If Im sitting anywhere, which–ha ha ha!– I love sitting so much– I would take sitting and doing nothing To standing and fucking any day. This is way better than coming. This is way better. This is what– At my age, if Im sitting down and somebody tells me I need to get up and go to another room, I need to be told all the information why first. You gotta explain all that shit to me. what? Why do I– no. Why, though? Your car is being towed right now! Well, thats what happens to me, then. Thats– I accept that. cause getting up is a whole thing. It means first, I have to decide, do I really want to be alive anymore? Like, lets start with that, And then I gotta,  start kind of rocking to get momentum,  like Im trying to get an old Honda out of a snow bank. shit. Putting On Socks The worst part of my day, worst part of every day of my life, is when I have to put on my socks. Putting on my socks is the worst part of every day, and it always will be. Even if I have a terrible day in the future Where my grandmother is murdered by my other grandmother, If that ever happened to me, the worst part of that day Will be when I put on my socks because– Putting on my socks, that means I have to– Heres what I have to do. I have to get my hands past my pointed toe. I dont even know how I do it. Im sitting here. I dont know how I do that. Its cause you have to– Its like folding a bowling ball in half. Soon as I start, I can feel– Im pushing all the fat up into my vital organs, And I just feel all the systems failing. beep, beep, beep! And I have to, like, lay on my back like an eight-year-old And go like this, and I start passing out. And I know other peoples lives are hard. Ha ha ha! I know. I saw an interview on TV with Michael J. Fox, And he has Parkinsons, and he was describing brushing his teeth, and he said It takes him two hours a day, and he said its agony, And I saw this and I thought, OK. Thats hard. That is hard, And so is putting on my socks. Sorry, Michael. Doesnt make it easier to know about your thing. Tell you what. Ill help you brush your teeth, you help me with the socks. If Youre Older Youre Smarter I dont know. I like getting older, though. Life is an education, and if youre older, youre smarter. I just believe that. If youre in an argument with somebody And theyre older than you, you should listen to them. It doesnt mean theyre right. It means that even if theyre wrong, Their wrongness is rooted in more information than you have. Theyve been there longer. If youre older, youre smarter. How many people here, by applause, are 45 or older? 45 or older, applaud. OK. Thats about 60 people out of 2,400. Heres the interesting thing. Theres way more. I can see you. Theres so many more. This is Arizona. There are way more people in that demographic, But they didnt clap. Why? cause theyre smart. Theyre sitting in the dark going, I dont have to clap. I dont have to do anything. Theyre not doing it, and theyre right. You know why? cause never identify yourself. Never. Are you crazy? You dont know why Im asking. How do you know what– OK. Burn them all. Burn everybody over 45. How do you know Im not gonna do that? How many people here, by applause, are 40 or younger? 40 or younger, applaud. Thats every time. Whoo! Whoo! every time. That is a weird thing to celebrate in a room where youre not the only people here. Thats like going to a cancer ward– not me! Whoo! I dont have it! I dont have it! If youre older, youre smarter. A 55-year-old garbage man is a million times smarter than a 28-year-old with three ph.D.S, Especially smarter than him, cause this idiot Has been thinking about three things for, like, 15 years. Hes worthless. The garbage man is 55. Hes had some experience. Things have happened to him. He went to cape cod one summer. He saw a dead guy floating in the motel pool. He took a bus to Montreal. He got a hand job at a fair… From a miner. I mean a miner. Not a minor, a miner. You understand? A miner. A grown man who works in a mine With dirty hands jacked him off at a county fair. Thats what Im saying happened to the 55-year-old. You see? Hes had some experience. He knows more. More has happened to him. Hes seen more. Hes seen history. Hes witnessed history, Even if its not ancient history. He saw Nixon resign on live television. Me and those few people that clapped, We saw the president of America cry And then quit being the president. That shit was crazy cause none of us knew what was gonna happen next. Today people are like, the presidents kind of disappointing. Really? Our president wept like an insane person And then got on a helicopter and flew away… And the whole nation just watched him go. Getting Older Makes My Life Better I like getting older, though, because for me, The kind of guy I am, getting older Makes my life better, you know, Like, my sex life, way better at 45, Look, cause this situation is OK at 45. This is not a fun kind of a 17-year-old to be. And some people, their life is better when theyre younger. You know, young dudes, young, skinny dudes, Best life in the world is being a young, skinny dude. They dont have to do anything. They just show up With a big adams apple and a smelly t-shirt. hey, Im here for the easy pussy for the rest of my life. so where do I– everywhere? OK. Cool. But for guys like me, this is not a fun youth. It gets better. Id like to make one of those it gets better ads For just dumpy, young guys. We could use a little help, a little encouragement, Just somebody on TV, listen, man. I know its tough right now. Youre vaguely heavy with no face. You have zero value on the sexual marketplace. You feel invisible to the girls in school because you are, but it gets better because youll all grow up, and you pretty much look just like this your whole life, and they dont. Their options start running out really fast, and youre gonna be there. As long as you stay relatively employed and washed, youre gonna be amazing in your 40s. Youre gonna be– youre gonna be the branch that she can grab before she hits the ground. Its gonna be so great. It just takes time for her circumstances to match your looks, but its gonna happen. Its gonna happen. When real shit matters, youre gonna be the sexiest motherfucker in the world. Its just time. Thats all it takes. Theres a formula to this. Its pussy plus time over income squared. Everybody Has Their Time Everybody has their time. Everybody has their time. I mean, not everybody. There are people out there who theres just nobody for them. Yep. People like to say things like, theres someone for everyone. Nope! Not at all true, and stop saying it cause its mean to people who never find anybody. There are millions of people out there who weve all unanimously decided, they are light speed ugly and nobody kisses them on the lips, even. Nobody touches their genitals their entire life. They just wash it, and then they die. Thats all that happens, aww, and if youre feeling bad for them, you can go find one and fuck one tomorrow, you can just solve the problem right there with all that kindness in your heart. Aww. Well, go fuck one. Nah. I didnt think so. Thats the one way were all mean. Nobody does that. Nobody fucks down, nobody. People fuck up or across. Some women fuck down because a guy talked them into that it was up. Some guy, yeah. No. You should. Im totally up. Yeah. Dating Takes Courage Its a weird selection process that we have. Dating really is– Its how we evolve, is dating. Its how we choose each other, And dating is a real drag for a lot of people, But I always think its a nice thing. You know, when I see a date, Im always happy when I see a couple on a date cause it means people are still trying, you know? You see a couple on a date, It means theres still courage out there. That takes courage, to go on a date, for both sides, Two very different kinds of courage. The male courage, traditionally speaking, is that he decided to ask. He went up to a random woman who he has no idea If shes gonna like him or not and he walked up to her terrified. Everything in your body is telling you, just go the fuck home and jerk off. Dont do this! But he walked up and said, hi. Yes, And shes like,  no, no, no. A second. Give me a second, And you try to get through this membrane of, you know– And then, if it works And you say, you wanna go out sometime? Sometimes shell say yes, and if she says yes, thats her courage, and the courage it takes for a woman to say yes is beyond anything I can imagine. A woman saying yes to a date with a man is literally insane and ill-advised, and the whole species existence counts on them doing it, and I dont know how they– How do women still go out with guys when you consider the fact that there is no greater threat to women than men? Were the number-one threat to women. Globally and historically, were the number-one cause of injury and mayhem to women. Were the worst thing that ever happens to them. Thats true. You know what our number-one threat is? Heart disease. Thats the whole thing. Thats it, just our own heart going, dude, I cant– you cant keep doing this. I told you three strokes ago that this is not smart, But women still– yeah. Ill go out with you alone at night. What are you, nuts? Ill get in your car with you with my little shoulders. Hi. Where are we going? To your death, statistically. How do they still do it? If youre a guy, try to imagine that you could only date a half-bear, half-lion, And youre like, I hope this ones nice. I hope he doesnt do what hes going to do. First Date I always– I love when I see a date. You know, when you see a date, you can tell its the first date cause of the way theyre walking together And shes looking up at his face trying to figure him out, And hes just a mess. A guy on a first date just has no actual personality. Hes just a mishmash of different kinds of dudes for a couple of seconds each, just anything, no cohesive– Just like a ransom note cut out of a lot of magazines, just, you know, well… ha ha! well, yes. I think so, too. Ha ha! Rrgh… Whatever, just like a blind dick in space just thrusting in infinite directions Hoping to find pay dirt at someplace, And then sometimes you see a date thats later down the line and something has happened. Theres something that happens in a date that I never get to witness cause women do this. They get to do it inside. They get to just decide quietly, Im gonna let him fuck me. They just get to decide. Something he says, and shes like, that was good. Hes gonna fuck me later, And he has no idea. Hes still, like, trying all this shit. He still has no idea hes already in there. Tits Guys are– We love women a lot– all men do– And we just look at you. Thats what I do. I just look at women. I just– Like theyre, you know, cakes in windows. I just– I was walking in New York once, and theres these two very cute women walking behind me, and I was trying to walk slowly so I could hear what they were saying to each other, you know, cause they were cute, so I wanted to hear them, like thats gonna help me in any way, to hear their– dont you wish the guy walking in front of us would squeeze our tits for, like, one second? OK. Here. Here I go. Thank you. Its really a flaw in men that we would all do that. If youre a woman, you could ask any guy on planet earth, could you squeeze my tit for one second? And 100% of us will go, yes, of course. That doesnt matter. I could be doing open heart surgery. yeah. Ok. Beep! dont worry. Hes not your tits. Dont worry about it. I dont know why we love tits so much. Some people say its because we breastfeed, but so do women, Or, you know, baby women. Not grown-up women, dont usually– You dont see, like, a 68-year-old woman, Like, a stately look– You know, like Sigourney weaver, Like, sucking milk out of a young womans tit. thank you, Deborah. Ill see you tomorrow at 2:00. Its not usually the thing, Is the elderly breastfeeding from the young, Except for at the end of the grapes of wrath, Which I dont mean to ruin that book for you, But you should have read it by now. I dont know if you read the grapes of wrath, But thats how it ends, with an old, dying man Sucking milk out of a young girls tits, And then the book is over, and youre like, Jesus! What happened at the end there? Thats crazy. Theres no other book in that genre. Theres no dense, historic classic That ends with a weird, porny paragraph at the very– and then Anna Karenina shat on his chest. holy moly with that! the end. my god! that is a violent shift in tone at the end of that book. Ive been reading this book for three months. But we do, we love tits, And you always know a tit. You always know a tit. You know, like you ever been in a crowded place– Like a subway or like, you know, a sports stadium– And youre smooshed in with other people And your elbow touches a tit behind you, youre like, thats a tit. I just touched it. I know that was a tit. I know it! Because the sensitivity of the male elbow To tit flesh specifically is unbelievable, just to tits, cause you could drive a tack in there, Im not gonna feel it, But a tit– Through a shirt and a sweater and a jacket And her jacket, sweater, shirt and bra, somehow… its a tit! I touched a tit! I touched a tit! I touched one tit. One tit. Thats rare, to touch one tit. Its like a four-leaf clover. Usually, you touch two. The only time you touch one tit is when it was an accident Or you didnt have permission, But otherwise… When tit access is granted, Its usually good for two tits at a time. Its, once youre on one– You really have to screw up really badly and quickly To lose tit access between tits one and two. You must have said something really dumb on the first tit That you didnt get the second one. yeah, its like your moms dirty whore tit. why? What? I said I liked it. thats what I meant, is that I like it. I like your moms dirty whore tit, And I like yours, And if its up to the guy, were gonna touch both tits. No guy touches a tit and then goes, you know what? Im good with the one. Thats fine for me. Everything in moderation. Were gonna touch both, Even if something terrible happens in the middle of– yeah– theres a bomb! shit! Come on, lets get– come on! Lets get your tits out of here! Divorce Ive seen a few tits. Ive seen–I dont know– 48 maybe. I dont know. I had my history in my life, you know? Ive been divorced for five years, And its been the best part of my life, being divorced, Easily my favorite part of my life. I love being divorced. Every year has been better than the last. That is the only time I can say that about, and by the way, Im not saying dont get married. If you meet somebody, fall in love and get married, And then get divorced because thats the best part. Its the best part. Marriage is just like a larva stage for true happiness, Which is divorce, Because you just let go and everythings fine now. Divorce is forever. It really actually is. Marriage is for how long you can hack it, But divorce just gets stronger like a piece of oak. Nobody ever says,  my divorce is falling apart. Its over. I cant take it. And again, if youre in a good marriage, stay in it. If youre in the best marriage ever, stay in it. Im just saying, if you got out, it would be better. Thats just a fact. Im sorry. Im sorry, but its true. Everythings better. My ex-wife and I, This is the best part of our knowing each other. Were good co-parents because we live apart and were friends. Our kids go to her half the week, They come to me half the week, and Im a good father. Im an attentive, focused, and responsible father. Do you know why? Cause I get to say good-bye to these kids every week. Are you shitting me? Its like every parents fantasy. Who cant be a good father for half of every week? No matter how bad it gets, every Wednesday, I get to go, good-bye, girls. Daddys gonna go upstairs and pour whiskey all over his naked body right now. Im gonna lay in my own filth until two seconds before you come back here. Thats why Im such a good dad. Videoing Your Kids My daughter was having a dance thing at her school. They had this big dance. Anyway, we all went, all the parents, And everybodys there, and everybodys got their phone, Every single parent. It was an amazing thing to watch cause kids are dancing And every parent is standing there like this. Every single person was blocking their vision Of their actual child with their phone, and the kids– I went over by the stage and the kids– Theres people holding iPads in front of their faces. It looked like were all in the witness protection program. Like, the kids cant see their parents, And everybodys watching a shitty movie Of something thats happening ten feet– Like, look at your fucking kid. The resolution on the kid is unbelievable if you just look. Its totally HD. Why are you taping this? Youre never gonna watch it. In a million years, youre not gonna watch videos Of your kids doing shit you missed The first time it happened. You dont watch it. You just put it on Facebook. here, you watch it. I wanna take a nap now. And then you get to read all the comments. my god! its so cute! Ngaah! And guess what? Theyre not watching it, either. Theyre not watching the video. These kids are dancing for no one. Nobody watches the videos on your Facebook. They see the first frame of a kid and they go, thats very nice. OK. Back to this. Nobodys watching your kids videos on Facebook, I promise you. Ill prove it to you. Next time you tape your kids dance, Tape one second of it and then add 20 minutes of just your own asshole. Just go in the bathroom and just record your own anus opening and closing for 20 minutes. Tack it onto your kid dancing for a second. Put that on Facebook. Everybody will write the same thing. Thats adorable! I think I see a future star! Life Is A Good Deal Dont tape shit on your– Life is short. Life is very short. I like life. I like it. I feel like even if it ends up being short, I got lucky to have it cause life is an amazing gift When you think about what you get with a basic life, Not even a particularly lucky life or a healthy life. If you have a life, thats an ama– Heres your boilerplate deal with life. This is basic cable, what you get when you get life. You get to be on earth. First of all–my god– what a location. This is earth, and for trillions of miles in every direction, It fucking sucks so bad. Its so shitty that your eyes bolt out of your head cause it sucks so bad. You get to be on earth and look at shit, As long as youre not blind or whatever it is. You get to be here. You get to eat food. You get to put bacon in your mouth. I mean, when you have bacon in your mouth, It doesnt matter whos president or anything, You just– Every time Im eating bacon, I think, I could die right now, and I mean it! Thats how good life is. You get to– you get to fuck. Thats free if youre smart. That comes with. Thats part of the deal. Where else are you gonna get that deal? You get to put your dick in there and go in and out, Pretty good, And if youre a woman, you get to just lay back And just have a dick just shoving in and out of you awkwardly Anytime you want, anytime you want. If youre a gay man, you get to just fill your boyfriends ass with your dick, just fill it all the way to the balls, And its nice and warm and tight in there, And hes your buddy. If youre a lesbian, You get to do all the stuff theyre doing, and… Its a great deal. You get to eat. You get to fuck. You get to read to kill a mockingbird. Its a great life. So, you know, Im not worried about it ending. Behind The Wheel Its pretty good, and Ive wasted a lot of time Just being angry at people I dont know. You know, its amazing how nasty we can get as people, Depending on the situation. Like, most people are OK as long as theyre OK, But if you put people in certain contexts, they just change. Like, when Im in my car, I have a different set of values. I am the worst person I can be when Im behind the wheel, which is when Im at my most dangerous. When youre driving, Thats when you need to be the most compassionate And responsible of any other time in your life cause you are fucking driving a weapon amongst weapons, and yet its the worst people get, and I am the worst. One time, I was driving, and there was a guy ahead of me, And he kind of–I dont know– sorta drifted into my lane for a second, and this came out of my mouth. I said, worthless piece of shit. I mean, what an indictment. What kind of a way is that to feel about another human being? Worthless piece of shit? Thats somebodys son. And things Ive said to other people. I was once driving, and some guy in a pickup truck did– I dont remember, even– And I yelled out my window, I said, hey, fuck you! Where outside of a car is that even nearly OK? If you were in an elevator And you were, like, right next to a persons body And, whatever, like, he leaned into you a little bit, Would you ever turn right to their face and go, hey, fuck you!? worthless piece of shit! No. Literally zero people would ever do that, but put a couple of pieces of glass and some road between you, theres nothing you would not say to them. I hope you die! I said that to a person. I hope you die! Why? cause you made me go like this for half a second of my life. You tested my reflexes, and it worked out fine! So now I hope your kids grow up motherless! I mean, what am I capable of? Id like to think that Im a nice person, But I dont know, man. If Murder Was Legal A lot of it is context. Theres a lot of things I wonder if the world was different. Like, if murder was legal, I might have killed a few people. I dont know. Id love to think, I would never do that, But we really need the law against murder For one simple reason. The law against murder Is the number-one thing preventing murder. Wed like to think its cause, Like, I would never do that. No. Its cause it really sucks getting caught murdering, a lot. If murder was legal, or just a misdemeanor– Like you get a thing in the mail– shit, they had a camera there. Well. If murder was legal, there would be so much murder. Regular people would murder. Murderers would murder even more, And then really nice, sweet people Would murder a few people, But nobody would murder no people. You wouldnt trust somebody who didnt murder If murder was legal. You wouldnt like them. I never killed anybody. OK. Nice meeting you. Yecch, what a creep. I mean, not even a hooker? Live a life. whats wrong with that guy? Hes like a Mormon or some shit. I hate those guys. I think hes nice. shut up, Janet. They would just– If murder was legal, there would be a lot of murder. Children would behave very differently Because mostly parents would be murdering their own kids, Thats mostly what would happen if murder was legal. You know, youd go to a mall, thered be, Like eight, different moms in the mall just– I told you to stop it! You didnt listen to me! Just–pbbt! Thered be just– Youd be stepping over dead kids. Thered be, like, a new problem. you have to clean up your kids when you kill them cause its gross. its bad for the environment. if you murder your child in a public place, please use one of the red bags that are in the dispensers every three feet of America. put your murdered child in the red bag with a logo of a murdered kid on it next to the other logo that tells you not to let your alive kid play with the plastic bag because they might suffocate, In which case you could just leave them in the bag. That is a whole bunch of horrible thoughts Right in a row, right in a row. That is a compressed area of bad thought. Of Course, But Maybe You know, you have your bad thoughts. Hopefully you do good things. Everybody has a competition in their brain of good thoughts and bad thoughts. Hopefully, the good thoughts win. For me, I always have both. I have, like, the thing I believe, the good thing– Thats the thing I believe– and then theres this thing, and I dont believe it, but it is there. Its always this thing and then this thing. Its become a category in my brain That I call, of course… But maybe… Ill give you an example, OK? Like, of course children who have nut allergies need to be protected, of course. We have to segregate their food from nuts, Have their medication available at all times, and anybody who manufactures or serves food needs to be aware of deadly nut allergies, of course, but maybe… Maybe if touching a nut kills you, youre supposed to die. Of course not. Of course not. Of course not. Jesus. I have a nephew who has that. Id be devastated if something happened to him, but maybe… maybe if we all just do this for one year, were done with nut allergies forever. No. Of course not. Of course, if youre fighting for your country and you get shot or hurt, its a terrible tragedy, of course, of course… But maybe… Maybe if you pick up a gun and go to another country and you get shot, its not that weird. Maybe if you get shot by the dude you were just shooting at, Its a tiny bit your fault. Of course, of course slavery is the worst thing that ever happened. Listen, listen. You all clapped for dead kids with the nuts. For kids dying from nuts, you applauded, So youre in this with me now. Do you understand? You dont get to cherry-pick. Those kids did nothing to you. Of course, of course slavery is the worst thing that ever happened. Of course it is, every time its happened– Black people in America, Jews in Egypt. Every time a whole race of people has been enslaved, its a terrible, horrible thing, of course… But maybe… Maybe every incredible human achievement in history was done with slaves. Every single thing where you go, how did they build those pyramids? They just threw human death and suffering at them until they were finished. How did we traverse the nation with the railroad so quickly? We just threw Chinese people in caves and blew em up and didnt give a shit what happened to them. Theres no end to what you can do when you dont give a fuck about particular people. You can do anything. Thats where human greatness comes from, is that were shitty people, that we fuck others over. Even today, how do we have this amazing microtechnology? Because the factory where theyre making these, They jump off the fucking roof cause its a nightmare in there. You really have a choice. You can have candles and horses and be a little kinder to each other or let someone suffer immeasurably far away Just so you can leave a mean comment on YouTube while youre taking a shit. Thanks a lot, folks. You guys were great. Thank you very, very much. Thank you.

RALPHIE MAY@FILTHY ANIMAL TOUR@2014@(cheering and applause) Whats happening, baby? Yeah! Whats happening, you filthy animals? Sit down, God damn it. We got shit to do. Cant have you standing around, like, look at all these white people, looks like an anti-Obama rally or some shit, I dont know. Its great to be here in Portland. I thank you for having us. I– I love coming to a town where the weather is always partly suicidal. Its awesome. I love wearing fur. People go, thats so crazy, a big fucking fat guy wearing fur. Im like, yeah. Top of the food chain, bitch. I got thumbs. Ive got thumbs. Go fuck yourself. It does, it looks like I finger banged a sasquatch. Big feet, tight giner. Thats all Im saying. Tight, tight giner. If you can get it, get it, thats why theyre so God damn mysterious, tight giners in this day and age. Cant find em. Cant find a squeaky monkey hardly at all. Am I lying or am I dying? Come on, creeps, you know what Im talking about. Fuck yeah, squeaky giner. Rare. Have to finger bang a midget to find something like that, man. A papercut. See, some of yall are already groaning at me, okay? You need to understand, okay? Me and my friends, were kinda like a finger in your ass, okay? Uncomfortable at first. But… But not so bad, not so bad. Just a knuckle, nothing gay. Easy, sleazy, one knuckle deep. A little how-you-doing. Trick or treat, come on with you. Holler. We are in Portland, home of stinky white people, all right? They are fucking– Let me give you the downtown Portland greeting. Hey, man, can I get $2? Can I get $2? Can I get $2? How about $1.89? $1.76? What you got? What you got? I can take that. Dirty ass white people. Oh, God, its so fucking disgusting. Okay, you dont have– I cant find a job! Try pissing on the outside of your pants. You know what Im saying? Fucking– That makes you amazingly more employable. Youd be surprised. When you dont reek of piss and squish when you walk, uh, you… Thats what those tight jeans are for. Thats why theyre so tight. They piss in em and it fucking shrinks em up. What the fuck is with that, okay? Tight pants, skinny jean dudes. Okay, listen up. Youre not supposed to know a dude has got camel toe from the back. Thats all Im saying, man. You know? Its like, hey, hey, player, hey. Hey. Get some loose pants or enjoy your yeast infection, you pick, okay? Then they do that dumb shit with their ears? That big, dumb fucking hoop shit where they put, like, a– a coaster in their fucking dumb ears? Thats the stupidest shit Ive ever seen in my life. It is so dumb. Its not like its gonna come back. Its not like an earring where you take it out and it just seals up. Youve got loops in your ears forever, bro. You cant ride a motorcycle, you put the helmet on, your little… Ears are flapping. What cracks me up is that its only white people that are doing that shit and Mexicans that think theyre white. Thats it. And– But every time I say that after the show, some white guy with these dumb fucking hoop earrings with a Frisbee in his ear comes up and hes like, you know, dude, this started in Africa, it started in Africa. Yeah. But you dont see black guys doing that shit right now, do you? Fuck no. Cause every black persons been told by their great grandparents and their great parents– parents before them and their great, great, great-grandparents before them that thats how white people caught black people. Right, player? Theres some black guys in the back. Right, money? Fuck yeah. They got yall on yalls jug handle. You ever had your grandmamma get you by the fucking ear? Thats what they did, they got em by their jug handle. You cant go nowhere when you got somebody in your earlobe like that. Youre like, oh, shit, oh, shit! Thats what happened. Now, I know some of yall are shocked and youre like Ralphie May, youre telling us that the reason black people got caught and put into slavery is cause white people grabbed them by their jug handle earlobes. Yes, that is what Im saying. Okay, thats my hypothesis. Yours would be that there was a bunch of white people faster than black people. Now– Come on, what– What, come on? Which is more believable, your theory or mine? Mine. Mine make a hell of a lot more sense. Oh, man. Stinky, dirty white people. Old white people, oh, enough with them, too. Enough. Old white people in Washington, they fucking hate our president. Im old school, like, look– I dont maybe not like the man but God damn it, I love the office, you know what Im saying, I respect the president, maybe thats just me, you know? I wasnt one of these comedians making fun of George W. Bush when he said nuke-ular. I dont know, I didnt invent it. That might be how you pronounce it. I dont know, I wasnt there. Nuke-ular might be the shit, that might be it. What if Albert Einstein had a speech impediment? Nuke-ular. You dont know. You werent there. I just gave him the benefit of the doubt. I didnt like him because he traded Sammy Sosa, but thats just me, you know. Thats how I vote. Did you ever run a baseball team and trade Sammy Sosa for some bullshit pitchers? I cant vote for you, son, you cant have the button. Im sorry. But Barack never traded anybody. I like Barack Obama, I do. But every time these white guys in Washington say Barack Obama, its like the word n i g g e r is right below the surface. Yall notice that? Yall notice that, playboy? You know what Im talking about, right, money? Every time, every time, they got so much hate, they cant even hide it. Its like a n i g g e r shark swimming right below the surface, you know what Im saying? Its like– That Barack Obama, ooh, hes a… Woo! Who wants to give healthcare to people? Ahh! N… Ahh! Its like theyre all Yosemite Sam, you know? Theyre turning into Yosemite Sam. Ooh! I hate that Barack Obama. Hes the n i g g erest nig that ever n i g g ed a n i g g e r. Racist motherfuckers. Sick of that shit. People have a problem with the black part of him, cause hes half and half. If he was white, they wouldnt have no problem with him at all. I gotta say, thats the part I got a problem with, is the white part. I want that black part to show up every now and then. Just, like– Just a TV, just come up. Uh, breaking news. The president is about to address the country. Yo! Whats up? I want everybody to hear this shit from me. So you didnt hear it on the streets, you know what Im saying? Ten minutes ago, I called that cocksucker over in Syria, who be using chemical weapons and shit and killing babies? I dont play that. I dont play that. Aint nobody killing babies and shit on my watch, son, you know what Im saying? Chemical weapons my ass, pussy. Get in there and do it yourself. Cant fucking roach bomb a fucking country. I told that– I say, hey, hey! Yo, yo! Motherfucker! Look out your window! Bam! I wanna take his dick and hit the button with his dick. (imitating explosion) Yeah, that was my dick, son. Be bombing you later. Whats up? You dropped a bomb on me. I love it, man. Cracks me up. People are uptight, man. You know, they– What the fuck? They want to ban gay marriage like thats an issue. Okay, is that a problem? Does anybody have any problem with gays getting married? If you do, have you been married? Have you fucking been married? It aint no God damn walk in the park, Ill tell you that shit for real. Its a God damn job. Its hard work, Jack. Hard work. Youre doing it right, it aint easy, okay? It aint like its fun all the time. Look, homos, you wanna get married? Jump in the boat and start rolling with the rest of us, I dont give a fat babys dick. I dont care. I dont care. But I am gonna tell you, all weddings should be gay. All weddings should be gay. All weddings should be gay. I went to a straight wedding this year, okay? It was a friend of my wifes, okay? And– Thats right, Im married. Sorry, bitches, pack up your pussy and hit the bricks. Thats right. Sorry, girls, none of this sweet dick for you, baby. No. No sweet dick for you. Okay, just the tip, but thats just a little bit. Um… I went to a straight wedding, she was a friend of my wifes that she hadnt seen in 20 years, okay? And then shes acting like theyre all friends. Oh, my God, girl, you remember when we gave handjobs to those two lacrosse guys? And Im like, what the fuck? What the fuck is this handjob lacrosse shit? What the– Oh, nothing, it was crazy. I dont even remember doing it. Only saving grace is Ive had her handjobs for, like, 15 years, I know how shitty they are, so I was like… That guy probably got a broke dick, ha ha, ha ha. She was worse then. So… We went to this wedding, okay, and… Oh, my God. It was so horrible. This fat bitch took forever to walk down the aisle. You didnt even recognize the wedding march. Walk, fat bitch, walk! Get your big ass up there. Maybe if you didnt have a 300-pound dress on, youd walk a little faster, God damn it. She gets up there and she– They light at candle. Some other fat bitch gets up and sing, they light another candle, the guy does some poetry, which is never a good idea. Like every night has its dawn, every rose has its thorn. And Im like, is that Poison? Is that motherfucker doing Poison? Bret Michaels, Poison! Ahh! So funny. Oh, my God. Hilarious, I cracked up at that shit. I was like, well, this sucked, but the wedding receptions got to be better, right? Its got to be better. It wasnt. Cash bar. Fuck you, man. If youve got a cash bar, youre an asshole. Just have the wedding at your mamas house, get a couple of keggers, man, get that barbecue out, fuck catering, make Lipton burgers, I dont give a shit, but dont have a cash bar, man. Youre just a dick. Right? Fuck yeah. Cash bar my ass. And then the food was shit. It was– Fucking shit chicken and green beans, not even mashed potatoes, and Im a fat guy and I flipped the fuck out. You dont know, I flipped the fuck out, Jack. I was like, mashed– Wheres some fucking mashed potatoes? Shit chicken and green beans with no mashed potatoes? You fat bitch, I bet you got mashed potatoes! You had the God damn nerve to register at William Sonoma, I bought you a $600 vitamix God damn blender and your fat ass aint never made a fucking smoothie in your life. You fat bitch! Thats when my wife made me leave, man, my wife made me leave. Oh, God. We went to a gay wedding, though, two weeks later, okay? Fucking awesome. Thats all I can say. It was fucking awesome, all right? Every wedding should be gay. This was one so much fun. The worst part about it is when you first get there, youre like… Where do we sit? Where do we fucking sit? Technically, theyre both the groom. All right, I got it. Well sit on the aisle, and if were on the wrong side, well just yell Red Rover, Red Rover, send some of yalls faggots over. It was awesome. During the ceremony, they had some entertainment. They had a six-foot-four black male transvestite singing Cher. It was fucking great. If I could turn back time… (singing gibberish) Oh if I could turn back time… I guess he really got into it. He popped a boner and lost his duct tape and so half his cock came out. Had to re-duct tape his dick back down. I guess thats bad form in the transvestite world. Have your dick pop out during a Cher ceremony or something. It was great. The vows were quick. The vows were quick, Jack. Do you agree to be a top and a bottom? Yes, yes. Done. Were out. The reception was fucking epic, man. And not epic in the fagster way they say it, you know, the hipster– The hipster little shit. Its gonna be epic. Go fuck yourself. Its a poetry reading in a coffee house, its not gonna be epic. But what happened… They had– Okay. Okay, open bar, fuck yes. Open bar. Youre God damn right. Cause trust me, people are fucking drinking at a gay wedding. I saw a guy get a big pint glass, like, for beer, and told him to– told the bartender to fill it up with vodka and limes, thats it. That was all that was in that. He drank three of em in eight minutes in front of me. Almost a whole bottle of Belvedere. Said five words to me the whole time. Yep. Thats my son. Im trying to bond with him even though I like– I like the guys who are gay. Im like, yeah, wanted a football player, got a cheerleader, huh, man? Thats how it goes. Thats how it goes, man. You roll the dice. Roll the dice. I blame the God damn mama letting him run around in her fucking high heel shoes and shit, thats what happened. Just angry. So funny. Oh, God damn it. They had a whole buffet, okay? It was fantastic food. They had a shrimp tower, they had an ice sculpture of a dude with a massive cock and people could get shots of vodka right off his cock. It was great. But on the– On the dance floor, DJ, man, youre good, B, youre really good, but this DJ was off the fucking charts, man. Gay DJ? What? First of all, all of his clothes lit up in glitter, okay? All his shit lit up in glitter and then he had lasers and smoke and shit. You aint got no lasers, okay? This shit would be on HBO if we got lasers. Am I lying or am I dying, right? If we had fucking lasers? Fuck yeah. Get us some lasers. He had four– Okay, there was four huge pedestals on each corner of the dance floor and up there was a– Each one had a Puerto-Rican male exotic dancer, okay? All right, just super skinny, tanned, oiled up, wearing a sequined G-string, shaking his cock and balls and wearing angel wings, just… And one was right there by the shrimp tower. And I wanted some fucking shrimp, but I didnt want a dick on my head, you know what I mean? I didnt want to get teabagged, okay, at 7:30 at this gay wedding and think, like, oh, thats cool, okay? Cause I mean– If you start off with a dick on your head, I mean, whats further down the line, you know what I mean? So sent my wife over there. All right, get em, but duck, okay? If he swing that dick, duck. Youre shorter than me, give me some shrimp. Every now and then, those gay angels would fly. I didnt know they were wired and they would fly from pedestal to pedestal, just sprinkling fairy dust over everybody, just… Fairy dust, hee hee hee. Sorry. Thats a twofer joke right there. If you get it, you get it. There was three pills on our plate, three pills, okay? And everybody had em. And thats when one of the gay angels took the microphone. He was like, okay, party people! Lets do this shit, okay? Okay? All right, party people! I cant fucking hear you! Thats right, motherfuckers! Were gonna do this shit. Were all about to go down to wonderland. Were gonna fall down the rabbit hole. Everybodys got pills on their plate, okay? And one is gonna make you small and ones gonna make you tall and then theres a Goldilocks pill, baby, thats just right. Yeah. Were gonna do this shit. My nipples are so fucking hard. Were gonna do this shit, my nipples are so fucking hard. Oh, my God. Okay, party people. All right, party people? Are you ready to do this, party people? I cant hear you, party people! Fuck yes! On three! One, two, three! And he did the pills, right? And my wife looks at me, shes like, should we– should we do these pills? Im like, fuck yes, we should! Are you shitting me? These are gay drugs. These are the best drugs they fucking make, man. Took those gay drugs. There wasnt nobody sitting beside me here, I took their gay drugs. Fuck it. You gonna dance with the devil, you might as well lead, you know what Im saying? God damn right, man. I– 30 minutes later, I had my shirt off. I was fucking dancing, poured water over myself, redoing Footloose. Im a maniac… Holding my balls, listening to Ke$ha. It was a fucking party, man. Thats why all weddings should be gay. Its a party. We all got somebody gay in our family, okay? I dont know why they have problems with gay folks. If you dont have nobody gay in your family, you might have two or three, okay? Trust me. Trust me, okay? If it aint one, its two or three, all right? For me, its my Aunt Sandra. My Aunt Sandra been lesbian since jump, okay? And growing up, my– My mama and my grandmamma, in the early 80s, late 70s, they– Thats where I was living, in my grandmammas house, but they didnt know that my Aunt Sandra was a lesbian, even though she brought her roommate to Thanksgiving like 19 years in a row. I mean, come on, get with it, right? I knew she was a lesbian at six. We was outside playing football and she about broke my God damn hand. Pow! Oh, shit! I dont wanna play no more. Aunt Sandra got some pepper on that ball, that hurts. Oh, fuck! Lesbians got strong hands from years of finger banging, okay? Dont believe that. Thats from years of good fingerblasting. Bitches got strong hands. You also need to know, Ive been mean my whole life, okay? Ive been mean my whole life. Im dirty, Im irreverent, Im honest. Im– Im kind of a dick sometimes. Im a wiseass. I dont have any tact. Ive been mean my whole life. Im not my mamas favorite child. Im not. I wasnt liked in school by the teachers, they hated my guts. They tested me to see if I was a retard. Swear to God, at 15, what the fuck? At 15, youre gonna test me, see if Im a tard? Ive been at this school for ten God damn years and youre just now getting around to finding out if Im a retard or not? You bunch of assholes. And you bunch of assholes are like, well, whatd they find out, Ralphie? Whatd they find out? Dicks. Hey, if Im a retard, you paid a shitload of money to see a retard, okay? Fuck off. So funny. So this happened the Thanksgiving after– of 1980, okay? It was the Sunday after Thanksgiving, okay? And Im wearing my long Johns, okay, Im watching the new TV up on top of the old TV. And Im eating some good-ass leftover peach cobbler, okay? Out of a Cool Whip bowl stained with chili or spaghetti sauce. Yeah, baby, yeah. And I hear my mama say to my grandmamma, I dont know why Sandra cant find a good man. And Im like, cause she likes eating pussy meat, mama, thats why. Yeah, that wise ass remark got me ten minutes with yellow Dial soap in my mouth. Aint nothing worse than yellow Dial. Yellow Dial is the nastiest God damn soap they ever created. Yellow Dial soap, oh, Lord. Id rather have 20 minutes with Dove than ten minutes with yellow Dial. Oh, shit. And my wiseass mouth got me another five minutes added on to it, Im like, mama, why yall putting soap in my mouth, its Aunt Sandra thats eating all that pussy meat, yall put something in her mouth. Theres another five minutes. You can imagine how traumatizing it was. That was the family soap. It wasnt like a new bar, you know what Im saying? So its like all my family in my mouth, just nasty. My brother jerking off, my mama and her old titties and shit, my grandmammas ass up in my mouth. Woo! Woo! Thank God it didnt get the dirt and filth out of my mouth forever, I wouldnt have a God damned career. Thats my part of the show, folks. Are you ready to do this shit? Ladies and gentlemen, I brought together a collection of my favorite dirty fucking comedians from around the country. Cause were bringing back the filth. Everybodys gone clean. Fuck yourself, Seinfeld. Go fuck yourself. Your clean jokes. We aint clean. We dont want clean. We want the filth. We want to bring the heat. I got a little something for everybody. If youre familiar with my comedy, you know that one of my best good friends is my pal Billy Wayne. He was there when I was smoking weed with Jesus. He was there when I did lots of drugs and shit. We filmed it together, I helped him get a big girl one time, okay? It was his first time he ever fucked a big girl, changed his life. Changed his life, I told him. Man, a big girl will suck you dick and make a sandwich at the same time. Thatll change your life, God damn it, thatll change your life. All the way from Crossville, Tennessee, home of Dicky Justice Motors, give it up for my pal, Mr. Billy Wayne Davis! Guys, keep it going for Ralphie May one more time. Keep it going for that vest one more time. Did you guys see that vest? That was the genocide of a species. He ordered a jacket, but they ran out of stuff. I like Portland. I like your motto. Keep Portland weird. Seems redundant. Its like the post office advertising. Its like, yeah, we know. I quit drinking about seven months ago. Oh, you guys knew me before? You should applaud. Good. I used to drink so much, I thought itd be pretty handy to put a bottle opener on my keychain. Thats not handy at all. Cause every time you really need it, you have to pull the car over, take the keys out… Thats how I got caught. It is. He didnt even ask me for my license and registration, I just rolled down the window, he was like, Jesus Christ! Would you like to step out and do a field sobriety test? I was like, no, I would not like to do that. Thats not on the list of shit I like to do. I know where were going, yeah. I just want a buzz when we get there. Jail. Were in the booking process, I get that question Ive been dreading. Hes like, whats your occupation, Mr. Davis? I was like, God damn it. Im a standup comedian. He immediately covered his nametag. This other state patrolman walked by and he said, did you say you were a comedian? I was like, yes, sir. He was like, oh, shit, dude, show him your name. Ive been waiting on this motherfucking day. Im not making this up, this is a matter of public record. The Washington state patrolman that arrested me, a standup comedian, moved his hand to reveal his last name was Bacon. Thats destiny, you guys. I believe in fate now. You still have to go to jail, though. Theres no weird clause where, like, isnt that funny? Get the fuck out of here. You have to check in jail, too. I was married at the time, the lady was like, would you like for us to call your wife? I was like, thats cool. That reminds me, how long can I stay here? Will you guys keep me safe? Ill join a gang, I dont give a shit. Then you have to take off all your drunk clothes and they give you sober clothes. I mean everything. Im standing there naked in front of a new dude I just met in a uniform. Hes getting impatient. Hes like, lets go, hurry up. I was like, no. You can give me a minute. Up here, up here, youre a professional. What are you gonna do? Take me to jail? He did. The next morning, you have to wake up and go directly to court in your sober clothes then they put shackles on your feet to remind you of all the good decisions youve been making. I learned through the shackle process I have giant man ankles, cause deputy mouth-breather that was putting em on kept going, God damn, man, you got big old man ankles. I cant fit these sumbitches around, I gotta– Derr… Derr… Derr… Im like, its bleeding, that means its on. And then they chain you to two dudes that were much more serious about being a criminal than I was. The dude I was chained to directly got arrested for armed robbery. He stabbed a dude and took $7. The dude he was chained to got arrested for breaking his parole for a homicide conviction by shooting another dude in the face, and I was the caboose. I was the bar car on that train. As we were walking in to the courtroom, my shackles fell off. You guys know what happens in a courtroom when your shackles fall off? Everyone that has a gun puts their hand on it. Then you pee a little bit. Not a lot, just a little. Like… If youre me, you start talking for no God damn reason whatsoever. I was like, no, no, no, no– Im drinky-drinky. Thats stabby, thats shooty, I aint going anywhere. You took my car. Im pretty sure my ankles are broken. Why dont you put your bullet back in your pocket, Barney? Im here to stay– You know what, mouth-breather? I got it this time, Ill just– just take care of this. Been traveling a bunch. Recently got to go to Wichita, Kansas. Yeah, cause my career is taking the fuck off. Look at it go. Why is it stopping in Kansas? I dont know if youre– I didnt know this. Evidently, Wichita, Kansas is where dumb goes to breed. Im serious. You hit the city limits, there are dumb people behind a fence, just going, like, yeah, lets make some of us! Yeah! Derr! Derr! Derr! I like it when their eyes are far apart. Derr! Be fruitful, go multiply. They sell knives at the airport in Wichita. Ill say that again a different way. I dont think everyone understood what I just said. They sell knives at the place you cant have motherfucking knives. Then it hit me. Thats a brilliant business plan in Wichita. Cause they get the dumb people walking in every day, like, fuck, I do need a knife. Here you go. Then they get to security, like, fuck! Here you go. They got me again, Darlene. Every god damn time we come here. Wheres my shoes? Then the knife guy goes to the security guy at the end of the day, hes like, give me those knives back. I only bought six of them. I keep reselling them. Im making a God damn fortune here. Its pretty easy. You pick the ones, their eyes far apart? Bam, fish in a barrel right there. Just dont stand right in front of em, they cant see you, they cant– You startle them, theyll breed you, you dont want that. I got a brand-new car Ive been driving around. I got a 2008 Scion XB. Thank you, one person, thats never fucking happened. Thats weird. Its usually some douchebag in the back, like, youre gay! Which is weird, cause when I was test-driving that car and the dealer asked How do you feel? I was like, I feel like I want to suck a dick. I never felt this way before. I think this car makes me gay. 35 a gallon? Fuck it, Ill take it. A guy I travel with a lot, he weighs like 400 pounds. Wears a fur vest. Getting him in that car is kind of like putting biscuits back in the can. Everywhere I push, something else comes out, dude, I dont know. Some people get mad about that joke, like, thats fucked up! Hes your friend! Im like, he fucking wrote it. He did. First time he got in the car, hes like, God damn, man, its like putting biscuits back in the can. I was like, thank you very much, motherfucker. Im Billy Wayne Davis, you guys are fantastic, man, thank you guys so much. * * * Hey, guys, were back here at the Ralphie May Filthy Animals show taping right now with some of the black folks I was talking about just to prove that there are black people here in Portland. Fuck, yeah. Fuck, yeah. But this soft brothers wearing a sweater. Hello, Huxtable. Okay, all right. No, no, I just wanted yall to show– I love when stereotypes just fucking happen, like, yall wouldnt have been in the back of the room if yall had gotten here on time. I know, I know, you were late because you had to leave tip money, okay? Ahh! Come on! Stop. It must have been cause you was getting pretty or something like that or you had to change sweaters cause the Coogi sweater wasnt working no more, all right. No? All right. Well, I love you guys, you cant do nothing about it, baby. Im so happy youre here. And man– Baby girl, you like– You like funny women? You like, fucking wanna hear– You wanna hear some women? God damn right, I do, too. You guys want to hear one of the funniest women in America? Youre God damn right you do. Just to prove I dont have the best tits on the stage tonight, give it up, ladies and gentlemen, for Miss Danielle Stewart! Oh, my God, you guys. Im so sorry, I had to take my boyfriends car here tonight. What is up, Portland? I am so excited to be here. This is one of the best drinking cities in the country. Yeah! Unfortunately, I cant drink anymore. I actually found out that Im allergic to alcohol. Every time I drink, my throat closes up around a penis, so. (ringing bell) Im not married. Im afraid of getting married, thats the truth. Im– I have so much respect for people who are married, God bless you, I am terrified. I am so afraid that if I get married, Im not gonna be able to, like, have sex with other people, you know what I mean? And its interesting to me cause I never wanted to get married, even when I was a little girl, you know, my other friends would play with dolls and be like, oh, theyd tell me all about their wedding. Its gonna be pink and purple. Im gonna marry Kevin Bacon, you know. And I was like– I was way into Barbie dolls. I loved Barbie, cause I thought Barbie knew what was up, you know? She wasnt married with children. She was single, she had a hot boyfriend, a house in Malibu and a bald pussy. I mean, thats fucking– Thats what I want in life. Even her boyfriend Ken had a bald pussy, which was weird, Ill give you that. That was weird. Ken and Barbie– Ken and Barbie had Brazilian waxes. And good ones, too, not a follicle in sight. And for those of you who dont know, by the way, what a Brazilian wax is, its when a woman pays, like, I dont know, $50 to have an Asian lady accost her with a hot popsicle stick dripping in molten lava. I dont know how many ladies have gotten the Brazilian, but its quite an experience. I was really nervous the first time, you know, cause I had never had my genitals mutilated before. Ill tell you something. Like, the place that does it calls itself a spa? Like, youre supposed to come in, relax, its a spa. It is not a fucking spa, okay? It is a turn em and burn em business. And I dont know whats going on, but they are pissed in there. Like, I went in and I was like, hi, I have an appointment. Shes like, go to door four, take off your pants. Like, Jesus, this is like high school all over again. Its horrible. And I go into this, like, tiny procedure room where they do it, its like a doctors office, kind of, like, and I– Im wearing, like, a button down shirt and a vest and then just a vagina, like. And they have a full-length mirror there so you can look at the whole thing, you know, like, I can see this circus. Im like, theres nothing grosser, by the way, than a vagina and a vest. Im like, I look like Donald Duck. This is awful. And Im feeling very self conscious, I dont know what to do, I dont know how Im supposed to act when she comes in there, you know what I mean, like a pro, like Im just like, Wassap! You know what I mean? Or, like, being, like, all demure, like, I never do this. Like, I just– And Im, like, spinning in my head about it and all of a sudden, this four-foot-eleven Korean woman like fucking busts in the door like she waxed a thousand pussies that day. And she had no time for my nervous bullshit. She was like– She didnt ask my name or how I was, she just had, like, pubic hairs dripping from her brow and crazy eyes. She just started yelling at me. Shes like, get up on the table, spread your legs! I was like, Jesus Christ. Like, Im terrified. Like, there is nothing more vulnerable than being in a tiny room with an angry Asian woman and no pants on or rape whistle. Like, Im like, I am in this. Like, the train has left the station. Like, whatever is happening, Im working out in therapy. Im here. I laid out on the table, she slaps this burning hot wax on me, rips if off and as I am dying on the inside, she fucking shows me the strip. Like she was gonna read my pubic fortune or something. Instead, she mocked me. She goes… Oh… This is what your boyfriend see. Like, thats so fucked up. I dont have a boyfriend. This is… I was, like, traumatized. Im like, what part of this procedure was invented by a Brazilian? Like, is there some Brazilian female prisoner of war? Who after months and months of being tortured by way of hot wax to the labia is one day, like, holy crap. This is actually lasting me like three fucking weeks. I mean, what the fuck? So I get off the table to leave, cause I think its over, right? Im like, getting up the table to leave, she goes, No, no, no, turn over, we do your butt. Oh, Im sorry. It sounded like you said We do your butt. Shes like We do your butt! I was like, listen, Yoko, okay? There seems to be some sort of a miscommunication here. See, Im a woman, okay? I dont have hair in my butt. My nipples, maybe, but not my fucking butt. Thats disgusting. But… Before I could get out of there, she was, like, all up in my business. She, like, slapped that wax on me, ripped it off, showed it to me… It was like a small furry animal. It was like– It was like anal road kill, like… I was so confused. Like, all of a sudden, my maternal instincts kicked in. Like, I didnt know whether to vomit or fucking adopt it, you know what I mean? Cause, like, I walked around most of my life thinking, like, Im kind of a sexy lady. Turned out, I had a tail. Im Danielle Stewart, you guys have been amazing, thank you so much! * * * Come on! What did I tell you, baby? Did I tell you? Shes hilarious. Her last Brazilian wax is where I got my jacket. It is soft, I aint mad at it, its soft. Man. God damn, shes so funny. Man, fellas, how hot was that? Come on. Yeah, no shit. Usually, you think chick comic, you think me with a wig on. You know what I mean? Youre welcome, gentlemen. Her pants were as blue as my balls, trust me on that, Im married. Im married. I want to tell you about this next comic coming up. Hes gonna rock the mic for you. Ive known him literally for 15 years. And hes a dear, dear friend of mine, one of the funniest motherfuckers and I dont know why TV hasnt picked him up to put him on a sitcom or in movies, Im telling you, this guy is on the cusp. Ladies and gentlemen, give it up for my friend and soon to be yours, Mr. Chuck Roy! How are you? Hello, Portland, Oregon, how are you? You sound beautiful, some of you look– Im gonna high-five you, sir. You look terrified as hell. And then the little girl. Let me high-five, you, too. You look like a bear just walked out here. You got real nervous, like, is he gonna– I wanna high-five you for just one– I want to high-five the one fucking black guy. Oh, not you, dude, ugh. This is the one black guy in Portland, good to see you, my friend– Fucking-A. They had to fly you in, right? Come on, Im not wrong. This is the whitest city ever. Four people clapping and the rest of you are going, like, is he talking about us? Yeah. Im in a silly mood, I hope you are too. Ill tell you how my day started. I live in Denver, Colorado and every day when I gotta fly and go do a gig like this, I like to hit my favorite little spot. Theres a little creek called the Cherry Creek, runs about a mile from my house and I like to wake up early and this morning, I woke up and when I got to the creek, all right, I just– Checking on the water and then I look down and I see a duck and then a duck and then a goose. Yeah. So I ran. I didnt know what else to do. I didnt know what else to do. Ever since Ive been this tall, that is the rule. When you see a duck followed by a duck and then a goose, it is go time. There was a bike path and I was hauling up it and a lady coming at me, I tried to warn her, Im like, lady, you cant go that way. Theres a duck and a duck and a goose. She wanted nothing to do with my warning. Yeah. All day, like, the whole plane flight here, Ive been like, what the fuck with that lady? Right? Like, I just tried to warn her. Thats all, you know– And then I figured it out. Shes coming the other way, so what she saw was goose, duck, duck. And that aint shit. That aint shit. She had every right to look at me like I was a weird fucking bear. I should take back all things Ive thought at her. Soon. One day, I might, Im gonna consider that. Its fun to be here in Portland, Oregon. A very fun year for this bear. Ive done a lot of this, traveling and joke-telling. They call that tour and Ill tell you how that works. Every year, before I go to bed for hibernation, which is right– Yeah, right after Christmas and well before New Years, I call some friends and I say, hey, when I wake up this March, Im gonna need some gigs. And this year, all the gigs have been in the south. Yeah. Augusta, Georgia and Savannah, Georgia and for a while Ive been like, what the fuck did I do wrong? Like, did I fuck up? What happened? Why are all the gigs in the south? Savannah, Georgia was beautiful and I think my friends bring me to places like that cause I do things like google, like, where are we gonna have lunch in Savannah, Georgia? And if you do that, one quick google will yield a restaurants named Lady and Sons. Yeah, terrific restaurant, owned by a woman named Paula Deen, who– Yeah, googles rather differently today than she did at the start of the year. I guess shes a bit of a racist is– Thats– Which, I guess I should have known, like, after having had food at her restaurant, there were some signs. The tablecloths and napkins all had eyeholes cut in them. The salt and pepper was on separate tables and I thought, that could be a mistake, right? That could be a mistake, that could be something– You ever, like, set up at work and do it wrong, right? But there was an auction for our waiter, and– Right? Who pays for the meal at the start? Im sorry. Again, Portland, Oregon, youre very cute and I love how offended youre getting, but possibly– Get some black friends and then Ill believe you on that. All the whitest people in the world going like, whoa! Are we allowed to talk about this? I am, I dont know what your world is like. I dont– Is your human resources officer here? I dont know. That is not my world. I am my human resources officer and I said I can talk about Paula Deen being a bit of a racist, okay? Id probably go back to her restaurant and eat again. I actually would. I have black friends who want to go with me. It is an all-you-can-eat buffet where everything is made in butter. Yes. That is God damn delicious, the first item in the buffet was butter wrapped in bacon and simmered in a butter cream sauce. Like, if you dipped that into hot butter, oh, my God, that was so delicious! There was butter in the salad bar. Thats how much butter was in the restaurant. Like, right next to the croutons, I was making my salad and then there were little pats of butter, and I was like, that is fucking going on my salad. Ah. Butter on a salad is delicious. Like, theres a moment where you gotta decide, like, am I gonna spit out this wrapper or am I gonna swallow? Right? Those napkins let anything go through. So I swallowed. Yeah, which is weird for this bear. Cause, like, it was noon and I hadnt had whiskey. Right? Thanks for one-clapping that one. Obviously, thats how hard I work to just get one applause once. No– Uh-uh. No, no. I am no pander bear. You just react the way you damn well want to. Fucking-A, Portland, I aint trying to impress you that much. All right? Get over yourselves, its– In the end, this is still Portland and Ill be leaving. Im sorry, too true? Could you turn down the truth in this mic? Im sorry. The sound is terrific, but Im telling Portland the truth. Right after Savannah, we went to Jacksonville, Florida, very fun and Im saying that to be polite. Right, right? Like, we all know Florida, right? Thats the dick of our country. Hangs right off there, theres Georgia. Theres Florida, Castro and Fidel, the Cubans are right down here, sometimes we hang a little flaccid on them, right? Like, hello, Fidel. Fuck you, Castro, right? Fuck them, theyre communists. Right, but on our map, Jacksonville is up here where the pubic hair meets the shaft. But it smells like the balls. Yeah, oh… But good fishing. Yeah, I love to do that, I love to go fishing and joke-telling, like Friday night joke-telling, Saturday morning, wake up, do some fishing, and in Jacksonville, terrific fishing. I have a friend there with a home right where the ocean meets the river. Caught two sharks. No big deal, one was like a one-foot sand shark, the other was a claims attorney. Good fella, loves my waiter. See, there you coming around. Now were somewhere. Now were somewhere. Were gonna get there, Portland! Fun fishing. And like I said, a beautiful dock, right where the ocean meets the river, you gotta cross a half-mile of marsh. Thats a fancy home, you know, the big old dock and a homeowners association, with rules, like, if youre gonna fish off of one of their docks, you gotta use a pole. Yeah, that jacked this bear up, you know? Im pretty used to just swatting the fish out of the river with my paw. Im like, Bear, you gotta use a pole, yeah. So a young fella helped us out with baiting our hook. We were using shrimp for bait and I had never done that before and so this young fellas just snapped the shrimp in half and then he goes, Bear. Top or bottom? Yeah. Yeah. I was like, top. And right away, he goes, bear, top gets the head. Yeah! Yeah, I was like, that has been the rule ever since. Ive been a top. Are you stuck? Those are some of the gayest fishing jokes anybody has written this year. How the fuck are you not laughing at that? Rich enough to be in the balcony but not smart enough to get a fucking joke. Thats adorable. Get a pole, get a pole and catch my jokes. Ill say hello to the other poor people in that balcony. All right, well, try to afford better seats. Okay. I like fishing and joke-telling. We played Charlotte, North Carolina. Theyre real rich there, did you know that? Theyre investment bankers. Theres a beautiful lake named Lake Norman. If youve ever heard of it, its cause Michael Jordan owns a home there. We fished right off of his dock and caught nothing but a glimpse at a lifestyle. They are real rich. It is, investment bankers living right next to people like Michael Jordan on the lake. And then theres investment bankers and then NASCAR drivers. Yeah, its people living in an English Tudor next to people who need an English tutor. That is a tremendous juxtaposition of souls. Fun to be home– Ill be home soon. This is the last night of a bit of a tour. Ill get home and then Tuesday is date night. I think thats cute. A lot of you seem to be on date night tonight, I see some of you coupled up and holding hands and comedy shows make for a good date night. Me, I work a separate schedule than the person Im in a relationship with, and if any of you, thats your life if you know– You know how important date night is then, like, if you work separate schedules, you gotta plan, you gotta be like, Tuesday, dont plan shit. It is date night. We are going out. The only good date night Ive been able to plan this year is I went to see that movie Les Miserables with my boyfriend. Yeah, turns out, thats the only way you can say that sentence. Did you get that one? That kinda bear. I try to keep things romantic, you know. Before I left for this road trip and before I leave for every road trip, I leave my boyfriend the only kind of flowers you can give a man. Hops and barley. Yeah, Im not wrong, right? Ladies, do you hear that? Thats joy coming from the people youre with, the men in your life. They actually can reach joy. You bring home whiskey, they might be happy with you. Try bringing home those kinda flowers, whiskey or beer or– Bring home some weed, ladies, do that. Yeah. Maybe life with you wouldnt be so fucking miserable. Oh! Im sorry, Im sorry, I shouldnt– That truth, it sounded perfect. I dig my boyfriend, he does well. Hell pay for date night on Tuesday. Its his idea, he made reservations. Its cause hes got his first real job, paying his first real salary, you know, and now hes paying his first real taxes and now I know another gay Republican. Aw, come on. Shut up, Portland. Are you all upset about the gay Republicans? Are they– Are we fucking with your political agenda, Portland? All 26 of us? Is our vote really jacking up your politics? Ill call them off, Ill call them off. Im on the phone list. Two of them work off, fuckin Morse code. I will– Hey, guys. Portlands really jacked up, theyre mad about all 26 of us ruining their fucking day. Fucking liberals, man, thats just how you are. Youre all like, open-minded, until someone thinks differently than you. So I happened to be off last night and its a Saturday night. We– My boyfriend and I took in my favorite show. It comes– Its not on TV, its not on the Internet or anything. Its just live there in Denver, right there on Tenth Street, we got a little show called Saturday Night Meathead Fights. Some of you know what Im talking about. It goes on in almost any city in the world, right near where they got nightclubs, right, ladies? We all know what nightclubs are, right? They play that dance music and a lot of ladies love dance music. In fact, it makes your pussy wet, right? And its known many men love pussies when theyre wet. And so a lot of guys will pay for anything. Like, they will buy all the drinks they possibly can and they will go to those nightclubs, like, you know, they just put up a DJ Fuck-knocker on the ones and twos and charge a lot of money for vodka and energy drinks. And they, you know, the fellas go there all night and they try to– They meet you girls, they buy you drinks, and girls, whats that trick you do, right? Right before last call, youre like, We should go before we have to fuck anybody! Right? And then youre like, fuck it, were outta here! Yeah, thats a fun move. Smart, real clever. It just leaves the guys like a little fucking, like, what the fuck happened? I was gonna get laid! And the fellas, they leave the nightclubs, like, well after you do. Theyre jacked up on vodka and energy drinks, they did drugs and they got no pussy to fuck. So thats when they get into fights with each other. This last Saturday was possibly the best meathead fight Ive ever heard in my life. It was Chad versus Chad. Oh, God, Chad was so mad at Chad, thats– It just– I had my window open and all the sudden, out on the street, we heard, Are you calling me a liar? I love you like a brother and youre calling me a liar? And to the window I go. Cause that is a meathead audio goal. And there on the street lit by a streetlamp is a Francis Ford Coppola. Hes shooting a film adaptation of an S.E. Hinton novel called Saturday Night Meathead Fights. Its Chad and he is very mad at Chad. The only way you can tell the difference is one had a little fauxhawk. And that was the one who was screaming. Five times he yelled at his buddy, five times, hes like, If Im lying to you, then you can suck my dick! Five times. That is a lot to yell. You yell that the second time if you think no one heard you. But when you yell it the fifth time, I think youre saying, like, you can suck my dick… I… Thats where men are at in this country now. The fellas, they go to the gym, they work out, they have all those muscles and nobodys sucking anybodys dick. Which, I dont know if youve been to a fraternity party, but those guys will blow anybody, right? They all have that hair gel. I play my favorite game. Just, whos my porcupine? Whos my porcupine? Oh, you are, Chad! And now youre not mad. Do you like parades? Hey, enjoy the rest of the show, thanks for coming out, everybody! Ladies and gentlemen. What do you bring up last? Whats always last? The best. Well, thats what weve got for you tonight. They are a set of twins from the Inland Empire, we call them the Smash Brothers! You guys doing good? – Holy shit, man. So far, we like Portland. It just looks so different on the show Cops, thats all. – Theres more white people in real life, I can tell you that much. – Yeah. Were gonna set some fucking rules right from jump here during our set, folks, cause when you mix up a bunch of races, you gotta have fucking rules. Otherwise the white people fuck something up in that situation. Jailhouse rules apply tonight, folks. Hes been in jail, he knows what the fucks about to happen. – And hes white, good for you. – Yeah. – Gods white. – Yeah. – Good for you. – So if anything happens tonight, since jailhouse rules, if anything happens, a big fight, Pandemonium, melee, anything like that, pick a race, pick a wall and lets fucking do this shit, thats how it works. – Youre gonna know who the mixed races are, cause theyre gonna be in the middle of the theater looking for their fucking wall. – Hit those motherfuckers first. – We dont make the rules, Jesus does. – Amen. – And if youve seen prison movies, you know, when theres a big fight, Mexicans and the whites, we team up, blacks, you get the Asians. Thats just how it goes. – Sorry. – Wheres all the parents at? You got a bunch of parents in here? See, heres the problem with you parents. Yeah. Heres the problem with you motherfuckers, man. See, before 1985, if your kid talked back or looked like a fruit cup like your kids. – Right. – You could knock em the fuck out. – Fuck yeah– Thats the thing. Theres parents in this room right fucking now that are so fucking guilty of buying their fat little son skinny jeans. – Fat. – You have a fat fucking kid fucking walking around like a double scoop of fucking ice cream with shit blowing out. – And hes probably white, named Skylar or some shit. – Yeah, yeah. – And if you named your kid Skylar, whether youre male or female, punch yourself in the pussy, – cause thats what you got. – Fucking-A. – Cause your sons a bitch and so are you, fuck you. – Yeah. – My names Skylar. – Oh, my kids sensitive, oh, hes sensitive. No, your sons a bitch, bitch, thats what the fucks going on. – See, whether youre in this room and youre 65 or youre 35, before 1985, if you ever talked back, youd get knocked the fuck out. – Thats it. – And we had respect. See, but the problem is, these kids today dont respect you parents, cause youre giving them too much. Youre giving your eight-year-old a cell phone, so if you do hit em, now they can call the cops on your dumb ass. – If we dared to call the fucking cops in the 80s, first of all, if you were successful on calling the fucking police, when they showed up, they would kick your fucking ass for wasting their fucking time. Thats just how it went. We didnt have pagers. Fuck, we didnt have cell phones. We had pay phones, but that shit cost change and who has change? – Right. – We didnt have change. We had one phone and it was in the kitchen and it was a rotary phone. – Yeah. – And it took ten goddamn minutes to call anywhere. – Yeah. – Lets say you got hit. Your moms in there making Kraft Macaroni & Cheese – with a wooden spoon. – Yeah. – And she heard you call your brother a cocksucker. Shed take that out of the hot, boiling cheese and crack you across the face with it– And you would say, Thank you, maam, I appreciate that. – Yep. And youd better hope to God she didnt break that on your ass, cause shes grabbing a metal one next and you better watch the fuck out then, Jack. – Now, listen, some of you guys aint laughing, youre under 25 and youre wearing skinny jeans like a bitch, – you know what Im saying? – Yeah, yeah, you are. – And after the show, were gonna take pictures and if I see a grown man wearing fucking jeans tighter than his girlfriend, Im gonna kick you in your pussy right the fuck out of this theater. – Bitch. – Yep. Yep, keep letting your kids stretch their ears out, parents. Thats fucking hilarious. Fucking funny. That way when your kid goes to jail, he can fit two more dicks in his ears, so thatll be good. – See, you 25-year-old bitches dont know what it was like to grow up in the fucking 80s or before. Our Saturday mornings were the coolest fucking thing in the – whole God damn world. – Fucking-A. – You guys remember Saturday? – Oh. The 80s were great. First of all, you got up early. Real fucking early, 5:30, 6:00 a.m. You cleaned your fucking room, you made your bed and you had to be very, very fucking quiet. – Quiet. – If you had a friend over and he was getting squirrelly, jumping around, youre like, calm the fuck down, man! What the fucks wrong with you? Dont think my dad wont come in here and fuck you up, too. He doesnt give a fuck. It was like, man, why do we always have to be quiet at your house all the time? Its like, dude, my parents were up all night playing Uno doing cocaine last night, okay? – And everybody in the 80s played Uno and did cocaine. – Right. I mean, it was in the rules under Milton Bradley. If you did a reverse card, you got a bump. – I swear to God. – Thats just how it works. – Swear to God. So wed make our bed, wed go out in the living room, Saturday morning, about 6:00 a.m., you turn on the TV and if you were lucky, it was the coolest show of all coolest shows and it was called Fraggle Rock. – Fucking-A. – Wait. Look at Skylar and Bryce. What the fuck is Fraggle Rock? Serious, it sounds gay. – Whats Fraggle Rock? – I dont know. – Its only the coolest show ever, motherfucker. – Yeah– Oh, that show was great. You know, there was all kinds of fucking badass shows in the 80s, you know, youre flipping through the channels, youre like, oh, fuck, Bullwinkles on, this is great. – Fuck yeah. – You know, Bugs Bunny. There was cool shit. Little Rascals, things like that. Say you got a little baby boner that morning, youre like, what the fuck is that little bitch Punky Brewster doing right now? What is she doing? I loved that little black bitch Cherie. – Where is she at, man? – Yeah, whats she doing? So then you turned on the TV, you turned it low. You and your friend tiptoed into the kitchen, you made your favorite cereal. – Mm-hmm. – For us, it was Honey Smacks. – Right. – Fuck yeah. Now, our dad was a coke head. We didnt have the good shit with the frog on the box. – Fuck no, no, no. – We had the fake shit with a bear wearing a blue sweater – on the box. – Fuck yeah. – And his name was Sugar Bear, motherfucker. – Yep, and they must have sprinkled cocaine on that cereal, cause Id mow the yard, throw rocks, Id do anything after eating that shit. – Fuck yeah. I heard if you crush up a bowl, you can do fucking yardwork – all day. – Thats what I heard. – All day. Now, you ate your cereal, you turned off the TV and you got – the fuck outside. – Yep. And we stayed outside all goddamned day, and if you were thirsty, you didnt have Capri Suns. You didnt have soda pop. – No. – You had one option and that was the hose, motherfuckers. – Thats it. Try giving your fat little kid the hose and see what the fuck he does. Oh, my God, are we broke? Whats going on? – Serious, theres ants and dog shit on this. – Oh, God! – Our gardener drinks out of this hose. This is bullshit. Listen up, you fruitcups, you 25-year-old bitches. We had to drink out of the hose, man. And drinking out of the hose was a motherfucker. We had to turn it on and wait three minutes for the spiders, roly-polys and pincher bugs. – Yeah. – And it could be winter at midnight and that water – was hot as fuck. – Yeah. – Oh, and youd pinch off the hose, there was all kinds of fun games. You let your brother or sister get a drink and then blow their God damn mouth wide open. Boom! – That shit was fun. – So then you drink out of the hose. You got on your– We had old-school scooters, not the ones with the little fucking wheels like that, we had big-ass wheels and wed just be kicking it down the – fucking street… – Jumping off curbs and shit. – …just kicking that shit. – Oh, that– – Fuck– – Fuck yeah. – Ooh, yeah. – Fucking doing tricks and shit. – Fuck yeah. – Fuck yeah. – Say you crashed that fucking thing and you got a wound or something, blood, you were like, fuck youd grab some mud, youd sling that shit right on there. Not your fucking kids. They got Neosporin on their fucking keychain for Christs sake. Bunch of fucking pussies. And see, thats the thing folks, you stayed out all day. You stayed out all fucking day and you only came home when the street lights came on or the fucking black kids were chasing – you and thats it. – Thats it. Because we wanted to be outside, we wanted to be outside and do shit. Not your fucking pussy kids. Your kids are at home right now on the Internet playing Farmville with a 45-year-old man with his sweats around his ankles. – Yep, right now. – Yeah. – Yeah. – Check your Internet options, motherfuckers, go to cookies, youre gonna be disgusted. – Fucking-A. – Oh, and theres parents in this room. – I dont like to hit my kids, you know, I was hit and thats not right, I dont like to hit my kids. Well, thats fine, folks. Thats what pepper spray is for. Your kid wants to act like a fucking little animal? You fucking spray him down. Then you hand him a cell phone and go, go ahead and call the cops, you little fuck, call em right now. The cops show up, youre like, hes telling the cops, oh, he sprayed me with mace, youre like, Officer, first of all, no I didnt, he has allergies, thats whats wrong. – Skylars sensitive, officer, hes sensitive. – Yeah. – Hes sensitive, him and his boyfriend Bryce are sensitive. – Right. Hes obviously ready to go to jail, Officer, hes been in his room dancing around with his boxers on backwards to Gangnam Style. Take his ass in. And heres the deal, parents, if you dont want to hit your kids, thats cool. We babysit for two bucks an hour and well beat the fuck out of your kid. – Cause Im tired of repeating my order at Subway cause your kids a fucking retard. – Right. God damn right. – Now listen, folks, the last 30 minutes were crazy and if you didnt laugh at any of this, you didnt understand anything we said, youre probably under 25, named Skylar and you wear skinny jeans and youre a fucking cunt, so fuck yourself. – Were the Smash Brothers! – Thank you! – Thank you! * * * The Smash Brothers, ladies and gentlemen. Well, what do you think? What do you think? Oh, my God. What a fucking night of filthy, dirty comedy. We were so happy to come here and bring it to you, Portland. Yeah, I finally got something to work that Im high and so I feel pretty good about it. No, but it is welcome to Portland, heres a joint. I– I love it. I– I would be remiss in not bringing these men and women out for the ovation that they deserve and I think you appreciated em all, cause we sure as fuck did, we love em. Lets bring it up for my best friend, Mr. Billy Wayne Davis, ladies and gentlemen. How about Miss Danielle Stewart, ladies and gentlemen? Come on, give it to Danielle. Where you at, you smoking hottie. Jesus Christ. My main man Chuck Roy! Yeah! Uncle Chuck. Uncle Chuck. Fuck yeah, baby. And loud, the guys Im on tour with right now, the Smash Brothers! Love you boys. Hey, we are the Filthy Animals we love you the most. Thank you so much for coming out tonight! (cheering and applause)

CHELSEA PERETTI@ONE OF THE GREATS@2014@[Peretti opens the show with a bit of pre-taped tomfoolery. Lowering her voice to a dramatic, Christian-Bale-as-Batman-esque growl, Peretti monologues over shots of her riding a motorcycle through San Francisco, à la Uma Thurman in Kill Bill. She then proceeds to trace her history up to this point, which includes clips from her previous (and fictional) specials with titles like Its Go Time! (a riff on Eddie Murphys brash 80s specials), Im Still Tired and Why Am I Still Talking] [motorcycle engine revs] [instrumental rock music plays] [Chelsea] So many trials and tribulations brought me to this point. All the crazy years of my life stacked on top of one another in a pile of mistaken identities. I did countless hour specials where I looked like a damn fool, trying to be something I wasnt. Ladies, whos a whore? We all are. We just need to own it. Were whores. Im ugly but Im a whore. [giggles] Im a ugly whore. I dont care. Sometimes I feel like everybody tripping but me. Its go time! [cheers and applause] Go time! Im still tired, and I got 12 hours sleep last night. Im still tired. Whos tired? Whos tired? Whos sleepy? I am. I know I am. [chuckles] In all seriousness though, who cares about anything? [sighs] Well all be dead soon. But it was time to put everything else behind me and start fresh. I trained with the best impression coach in the world. De Niro. Did you fuck my wife? Killed it, but I still had to go down Lombard Street. At last, I made it to the venue… San Francisco… My hometown Bay Area, the iconic Palace of Fine Arts. An icon within an already-iconic city, so its like a double whammy of iconography. I was still so far from showtime. First, I had to go through a rigorous calibration of the lighting environment on stage. This is interesting. This is interesting. I dont know the terminology you guys use. Its a little harsh. Its hitting my eye a little… like, ow. Pure fire. But that wasnt all. I also had to do a sound check. Ladies! I mean, its pretty good. I just want to make sure it can take the volume that I get to… like, what! [heartbeat] ?? All that was left was for me to hit my knees and pray to God to thank Him for all the humility He bestowed upon me… and the supreme gift He blessed me with. I guess you could say Im a direct vessel of God. It was time to hit the slats with nothing but the clothes on my back. Im like a loaded weapon, and my brain is the bullet. [audience clapping rhythmically] They were already clapping for me. [chuckles] Me! Imagine that. Okay, were at places! Stand by, lighting cue. Spot 2, adjust your beams. Youre just off soft. Spot 1, match spot 2. We want more of a soft glow around the talent! Spot 1 and 2, follow me out to my car. [male announcer] Ladies and gentlemen, the shows about to begin. Please silence your cell phones. No photos, no videos, and do not approach the stage with gifts. [gasps] [security guard] Lets go. [announcer] And now, Chelsea Peretti! [audience cheers and applauds] ?? Thank you so much for coming out. Im just like you guys. Im also a huge fan of my work, and… just really excited to see what Im gonna do up here… uh, tonight. I am one of the greats. [audience laughs] [giggles] [audience cheers and applauds] One of the top comedians touring the country right now, so it should be a great show. [softly] Youre a clown. Youre a clown. Youre a clown. I like to always get into a stand-up… like, a stand-up stance, you know? Just… I always put my arm here so you guys will be like, Uh-oh. [chuckles] Looks like this comedians probably gonna be telling it like it is. I like to get you in the right zone. Oh, no, I just wish I was someone else. Honestly, I do, all the time. I wish I was a guy. You know what I mean? I just want to feel what it feels like to have male confidence, like, just that feeling, like, it just seems like it must be so amazing, like… My fantasy of what its like to be a guy is you wake up in the morning, and your eyes open, and youre like, Im awesome! [chuckles] People probably want to hear what I have to say! Does that sound accurate? Im probably gonna do something great today. Im always doubting myself. Im like, gah-ah-ah, you know? Male comedians get to have so much fun. They get to do stuff where they talk about having sex with a girl. Theyll do a joke, Oh, I was having sex with this girl… Theyll act it out on the stool. Be like… [grunts] I was having sex with this girl. I was fucking this girl. I was like… [exaggerated sexual noises] Theyre like… theyll always use the mic as their dick. Theyre like… Im always just so blown away by their creativity. I want in, you know? So, Ive been kind of working on my own version of this classic bit… where I just passively take it from the stool. So, in my version, um, you know, I would be like, So, I was fucking this guy… [sighs] Then things got a little crazy. [audience laughs] [chuckles] Thats my take on a classic. Thats it. Thats my take. Thank you. Thanks. [audience cheers and applauds] Thank you, San Francisco. I hate small talk. I really do. I hate, like, getting to know people. I hate all the little questions you have to ask to get to know someone. If Im making a new friend, I just want to already be best friends. Or dating, I just want to already be deeply in love. I dont want to have to trot through all the getting-to-know-you questions. Oh, whereabouts do ya hail from? Where do ya hail from? I need answers! Ugh, you know? [shrilly] Where? [normal voice] And then its like, Oh, okay, yeah, Ive never been to that town, but Ive been to a nearby town, so I can kind of imagine. [screams] I would like small talk if it were socially acceptable to make those sounds during it. [audience laughs] Youre just like, Oh, your favorite colors purple? [screams] Then I would love it. I just hate that feeling when you dont know someone, and any little thing they say, you have to stretch it out, turn it into something. Theyll be like, Yeah, we had cats growing up. We were a cat family. And Ill be like, You guys were a cat family? We were a dog family. Uh-oh, uh-oh! Controversy! Then you find out youre not that compatible as friends, but you still run into that random person all over town at the local smoothie shop, you know, and you have to be, like, Oh, my God! You still exist! Theyll always be, like, We should do lunch! The thing that people who hate each other do. We should do lunch! I always push it a little bit just to call their bluff. Im, like, We should rent a car and drive up the coast. Lets buy some lumber and learn how to build. I just want to get to know you through task-based projects. Everyones different, and when you dont know each other well, you cant read each other as well. Right? like, some people are big casual huggers. They love to hug. They come at you at a party… Hey! Its annoying cause theres no… I dont really like hugging that much. like, someone Im not that into… like, Ill hug my lover while hes inside me, you know? For the duration, but Im not a big stranger hugger. I dont really want your sweaty armpits on top of my shoulder tops. But theres no polite way to turn it down. like if someones coming in… you cant just be like, Oh, no, thank you. Ive already hugged someone today. Thank you. But I kind of figured out a way that you can thwart an unwanted hug. When someone runs at you like this, you just grab their hands and you go, Yay! I also have some little party tricks sometimes Ill bust out, you know, to lighten the mood at a party. Ill go up to someone, Hey, let me show you a party trick. Do you want to see a party trick? Relax your arms. Relax your arms. And then Ill just grab their neck as hard as I can, and squeeze it, make lots of eye contact. Just like, I fucking hate parties. I do, though. They seem like theyre gonna be so fun, parties, and then theyre just so stressful. like dinner parties, they seem… oh, dinner, food, friends. But then you get there, and its so much pressure to have a conversation, and everyones gotta pull their weight. And ba-ba, ba-ba, ba-ba. Da-da, da-da, oh, da-da. Da-da, da-da, da-da. Buh-ba, buh-ba. Is that too reductive? Then theres always that moment where everyone runs out of shit to say, and everyones like… [sighs deeply] I will just panic and be like, How much money does everyone make? [audience laughs] Whos adopted? You know. Whos ad… lets find your parents. Sometimes people will tell you, like, If youre… if you have social anxiety, just try to imagine people naked. And its like… that sucks. Thats horrible advice. Watch this, Ill do it. [scared scream] See? Its too distracting. I read this womans magazine, and it said, If you feel nervous at parties, here are some conversation starters. One of the things was wear a funky necklace. Wear a funky necklace, and thatll help break the ice. And Im just like, Why not go big? Why not just walk into a party just dragging a dead dog? [feigns crying] You just kick the door open at a house party. Boom! [crying continues] That will get lips a-flappin. People will be, like, Who is that girl? Howd she get in here? Howd the dog die? Why is she wearing a cape? [trills tongue] [audience laughs] I just got a dog. I got a rescue. – [applause] – [chuckles] Thank you. Thank you. Im not that into the rescuer identity, you know. I feel like people who rescue dogs are very mouthy about it. Theyre like, Hes a rescue! Hes a rescue! My dog is a rescue. He would have been dead in a ditch. Then I came along… You know? Im his savior. I saved him. I feel like youre kinda taking advantage of the fact that your pet cant talk. Just be like, All right, chill out though a little bit. I wish I could text my dog. That is so irritating to me, that I could text everybody in my life that I love except my dog. And he would be the perfect person to text cause hes always home. Okay? He would always be available. I could be uncomfortable at a dinner party, and just shoot him a text, like, [high pitched] Hey, what are you doing? What are you doing, little cutie? And then, hed write back just like, Nothing… As per uzhe. What about you? Id just write back, I feel awkward at this party. I dont know what to do, and hed just be like, Sniff peoples butts. Id be like, Dude, thats more your thing. Thats not something I do. And hed be like, Oh, sorry, I cant read your mind at all times. Im just trying to help out, Im sorry. I mean… [sighs] Why dont you just lick your own butt and then try to lick them right here, like right inside their lip… right… right there. Im like, Dude, once again… youre looking at my life through the prism of your own experience. Its, like, fucked up. Hes like, All right, what about try to go outside? Its so fucking cool out there. Even if you can just look out a window for a second, I promise you there is shit you can see that no one else can see, Chelsea. Im like, Dude, fuck you. Click. Then people are like, Are you all right? Im like, Yeah, I just got in a fight with this guy. Hes a dog. Hes well trained, though. We trained him to always sit, but on the 15th command. I think hes able to count it out in his head. Hes very cute. Hes very friendly. Hes not a super-aggressive dog. Sometimes hell try to act tough. If a big dogs coming at him, hell be like… [barks] Then hell get on his hind legs and look at me in the eyes, like, Pick me up. Pick me up. Pick me up. Yes, its everything Ive ever wanted. But you learn a lot about people from how they are with their dogs. Therell be some big huge dogs staring at my dog from a block away, like his whole body locks up, and then hes walking all stiff toward my dog like this. And then, the owners, like, Hes friendly. Hes friendly. Hes friendly. Im like, Bitch, no, hes not. Please reconsider all your friendships. Thats not what friendly looks like. I hate that when someones just overconfident, and its in direct conflict with reality. Hes friendly, hes friendly… cause Im so insecure I will start to just accept whatever they say. I just hate that confidence. I one time was driving on the freeway, and I saw an old man driving on the shoulder of the road, but he was going 80 miles an hour and driving so confidently that I was just like, Thats a lane, I guess. I guess its a lane. Sometimes when I get really intimidated by someones confidence, I have this little thing Ill do. When theyre talking to me, Ill interrupt them and be like, Have you been crying? Really works. No matter where their head is at, it really brings them right back down to earth. I feel like when girls are super-confident, walking around with confidence, most of the time its cause they think theyre hot. Most of time… Im hot. This is my world. And I dont relate to that because thats just never been my full identity. When I was a kid, for example, the girls that Im talking about, they were princesses for Halloween every year. They were like, Im a princess. Im Pocahontas. Im a rainbow, you know? I realized the other day that one year as a child for Halloween, I was an old man. Okay? I had some stringy gray hair, and my dads old suit. I was like, Lets do this! I am the shit! Everyone was like, Youre weird. I was a tarantula one year, okay? Just painting the scene, okay? And then me and these girls, we go off in different directions our whole lives, out into orbit, you know? And then, when your lives intersect later, it can be very strange because super-hot girls dont understand regular girls lives, so theyll give you very shitty dating advice, for example. Theyll be like, [mimicking] Okay, hes playing you hot and cold. Okay, all right. Let me think. Okay, Chelsea. All right, I know what you can do. Okay, just ignore him. Just ignore him for a little bit. Trust me, okay? Just ignore him, Chelsea, for a little bit. [normal voice] Its like, All right, I havent heard from him in five months. Thanks for the hot tip. Im not saying Im ugly. I hate when female comedians are like, Im ugly. Im garbage. Im just saying that, like, when I get super-dolled-up, the best I can hope for is someone like, Maybe shes a philanthropist. [echoing] Chelsea. You dont have to do this. You dont have to turn yourself into a punch line. You dont have to turn all your feelings into jokes. And I dont want to shit on hot girls either. Whatever, thats cool. Youre beautiful, great. And theres actually amazing things that theyre doing right now online. A lot of super-beautiful girls, theyll… Theyll put a picture of their face online, but theyll scrunch up their face and stick their tongue out, like… You know? And Im always so floored by their realness. So inspiring to be so vulnerable with society. Theres also a very powerful movement going on right now on the Internet that, you know, women are kind of, coalition building in a very cool way. Im talking about the hashtag no makeup. Um… You can search it if you dont believe me, but some brave women are mustering up all their courage, and they will post a photo onto the Internet in which they are wearing no makeup whatsoever. Im serious. But when they post the photos, theyll always make a big announcement. In the caption, theyll be like, [mimicking] In the following photograph, I, Cassandra… am not wearing any makeup! Then the whole Internet is like… [British accent] Ooh-hoo-hoo! Oh, good lady, your bravery is unparalleled. Ooh-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo! We thank you, Cassandra. Please check your DMs. It just annoys me too because in the no-makeup photos, they never fully look shitty. Like theyre always still in the splits, in a bikini or something like, No makeup! Its like, partial credit. And then the guys fall for it every time. Its a thirst trap, its a trick. And theres always some guy riding into the comments on a horse like hes the Lone Ranger, hes like… [imitates Western film music] He tips his leather hat. Hes, like, Dear Cassandra, I actually think you look better without makeup. [imitates grunting] Cassandra is like, [mimicking] Thank you, thank you. Mission accomplished. Thank you. If you really want to piss off a really hot girl, like a model-hot girl, go onto her social media, find a photo where she looks smoking hot, and youre just a regular girl. Go onto her comments and just be like, People say I look just like you. [audience cheers and applauds] Shell be like, No! Do you know that women Botox their armpits? This is an actual thing. Its not to make them look youthful, you know. Hi, everyone, same old me. Its actually to stop them from sweating, because why would you, you know, as a human? But the reason I know about it is I met a girl who did it, and she was like, It worked. I did stop sweating out of my armpits, but I started sweating out of my butthole. So, Im… uh… Is that a good trade? like, kind of a deal with the devil. Then Im imagining the guy that sees her out somewhere and is just like… Oh, ho, ho, ho. Hes like… [constricted laughter] Hes like, [surfer voice] She is so fucking hot. Her armpits are bone-fucking-dry… just like I always dreamed of. Then hes like, Whoa, whoa, whoa! Thats him slipping on her butt sweat. Whoa, whoa, whoa! Hes like, Im so drawn to you, but I cant get near you! This is a whole new kind of juicy booty. [audience cheers and applauds] Hes a surfer. Thats his profession. Why just because you go onto the ocean on a thingy… do you have a dialect? Why just cause you have an athletic skill set, do you laugh like… [constricted laughter] Its like, Just stop making such a tight circle with your mouth… and then more laugh sounds could get out. Youre my favorite female comedian, Chelsea! Thank you. Women lie about their age. Thats very complicated, actually, if you think about it. Lying about your age, its like you have to remember a different birthday, which would already be impossible for me. You have to remember the music that was popular at a time just before or after you were listening to it, I dont even know the direction. I would always mess it up like, I love to sock hop, I mean Tyler, The Creator. I dont know, Im old. Just give up. Again, I feel like if youre gonna create this whole alternate reality, do something cool with it, like walk into a cafe by your house and just be like… Huh. [chuckles] My God. I havent been here in 128 years. Aint nothing changed. My God. Your friends are like, What? How fucking old are you? And then you get to be like… [smug chuckling] Uh-uh-uh… Do you guys think its worse to wear a Fedora or kill 15 people? Be honest. Sometimes masculinity is so silly. Just the idea that because youre born a guy, you have to be like, Im tough. Im tough. Im putting my foot down. Im tough. When you guys stomp, do your balls wiggle? Are you like, I said no! [trills] Itd take some of the intimidation out of it. And its like girls have reputations for being into the dumbest stuff, like purses, shoes, or whatever. What are guys into? Also stupid stuff, like architecture, literature, politics. Motorcycles. Motorcycles are very silly to me. I feel like, why not just unzip your pants, and pull your balls out, and then just walk around town banging pots and pans, just like… like thats a DIY motorcycle. Everyones like, Oh, okay, hes a guy. Men love Daniel Day-Lewis. Thats a real obsession. They love him, right? Its like, I dont fully… Ive sat beside multiple guys in Daniel Day-Lewis movies where theyre just crying silently the whole movie, and Im like, like, to me its like Im watching a poem for men. I dont understand it fully. To me, every movie hes in hes just like, You are my son! Like, that was a dead-on impression. I feel like men, they connect with it cause its like a male fantasy. Theyre like, What if I was that masculine? What if I had greasy black hair, and I was incoherent? You know? Its like the Marlboro Man. Its the same reason that men love Breaking Bad. They love that show because its a fantasy. Youre like, Oh, if I got cancer, I could probably rule the ghetto. Its like, No, youd probably just die of cancer. Similar. [giggles] I just wish that we didnt always have to live out our fantasies through TV and movies. I wish we could have a little more of our real feelings and fantasies in our day-to-day life, and we didnt always have to be like, How are you? Im good, thank you. Like… I always want to just go to one of my friends houses when I know theyre home, and just throw a brick through the window. Hear me out. Just for that moment where theres that shattered glass hole, to see my friends head pop into it. like this. And then Im on the other side like, JK! Just kidding. Just, like, shake it up a little bit. Or when people are standing outside of a movie theater, and after the movie, kinda talking or whatever, I always wanna go up to them and be like, [shrill voice] Guys, we do need to keep this area clear, okay? [normal voice] Cause I feel like theyd be like, All right. Thats that awful voice we listen to. I hate that. How does that voice count as polite? [shrill voice] Okay, guys! We do need… Its like you have so much hatred in your voice. Just cause youre smiling, that shouldnt count as polite. You should have to use the word bitches in every sentence if you have that much hate in your voice. Just like, Okay, bitches, we do need to keep this area clear. Thank you, bitches. [audience laughs] Its cool to do a show in San Francisco. Weve been traveling all over on this tour leading up to this, and… [cheers and applause] I can safely say that San Francisco audiences are the best audiences in the country. [cheers and applause] [vacuum cleaner roaring] Does that have to happen right now? Or could you turn it off? Thank you. Thank you so much. It is funny though, like traveling… Im a pretty good traveler. I did get sick once. I try to avoid getting sick, and by that I mean throwing up. I hate throwing up so much. I come from a shit family, like… You know theres two kinds of families. Theres vomit families and theres shit families. And the way you can tell which one youre from is when you were a little kid and you felt sick, did your parents tell you to shit or to vomit? Thats how you can tell. We were a shit family. So, I hate vomiting. But this particular early morning flight, I drank this green smoothie at the airport that they had prepackaged, and it tasted… [audience gasping] Oh, my God. That is the most fucking Bay Area response imaginable. Youre like, No! Fuck that. Make em fresh, blend em up. [cheers and applause] Organic only. Yes, I know, but that was what was available, Im sorry. I had to do it. So, I got this pre-made green smoothie, and it tasted garlicky, and I was like, Thats weird, you know. But it was 5:00 in the morning, so I drank half of it, and then I was like, Im not drinking this. Then I get on the flight. Its a short flight, and during the descent, I start feeling like… [groaning violently] But Im just sitting still, but thats the feeling. Im like, Oh, fuck, oh, fuck, oh, fuck. I start feeling that lip sweat. Im like… [groaning weakly] Oh, no. Oh, no. And I know I seem like a rule breaker and a rebel, but the little fasten seatbelt light was on, so I was like, I cant get up. Teacher will be mad. So Im just sitting there, and Im like… and everyone around me is acting like nothing is happening cause theyre all guys, so theyre like, This would involve feelings. So, Im like, Ugh. Im looking for the flight attendant. Shes already strapped in in the back of the aircraft, just like a little hateful dot in the distance, just emanating beams of hatred as they do, and Im like… [groaning] to no avail. So, I pull the seat pocket open, looking for the little vomit bag thats on every flight except this one. In this case, it was not on this flight. So, while I did have the seat pocket open, I just went ahead and… [imitates vomiting] Im sorry to my family! And of course, the guy next to me is just like, Theres my light, okay, okay, there it is. It works, it goes on and off, thats great. So the flight lands, and Im like, I have to tell her. I cant just walk off, cause it was going to another location after that. And Im a good person, which I like to tell people. And so, I walk back and Im like, Hey, girl. Uh… Hey, beautiful. There is a pile of vomit with my DNA in it, and your name written all over it. And as Im talking to her, I have that awful taste in my mouth, so Im like… [imitates spitting] I spit in the sink, and shes like, Why would you do that? And Im like, Oh, Im sorry. I just… I was… Im disoriented. If you could just have some compassion… And she was like, If you only knew. Im one of the most compassionate people. I was like, When do you bust that out? Id love to interact with that. I was on another flight that had an emergency landing. That was terrifying. Heres how that goes down, if youve never lived through it. Theres a little PA announcement, theyre like… [imitates ding] Are there any doctors on the flight? Are there any doctors on the flight? Please come to the front of the aircraft. And then you see a few people start walking down the aisle, and youre like, Oh, they must be doctors. Then you hear, Were good on nurses. Thats borderline disrespectful… to the entire nursing industry. Pretty soon theyre just like, Anybody want to see a dead body? Anyway, its cool. It sucks that we cant just walk everywhere. I wish we could walk everywhere. Were so dependent on so many technologies, you know what I mean? Look… [chuckles] case in point. [giggles shrilly] Are you guys silly? [audience laughs] [Chelsea giggles] Im, like… at this point, Im so addicted to so many different websites, and apps, and things. Im honestly thankful when Im in the shower. You know what I mean? Just the relief of not refreshing anything for… You know, aside from the obvious nooks and crannies. [audience laughs] Cricks and cracks. But there is some really cool stuff that we get to experience in this day and age that our grandparents never got to experience… like that feeling you get when one of your friends leaves their phone or their laptop unattended, and they do not have a password on it, like a dummy. My friend did this recently, and I saw his phone, and I was like… [gasps] I was filled with adrenaline. Its what I imagine hunting and gathering felt like. I was just like… [gasps] But this could sustain my spirit for two weeks! I went onto his phone. I was just like… went onto Twitter. Im like, My dick hurts. Then I was just like… [humming triumphant tune] I went onto Facebook. I was like, My dick hurts. [chuckles] Cause I wanted it to be cross-platform, you know? I didnt know if they were linked. And then I got to sit there and watch the comments roll in… People just like, Dude, whats up with your dick? Were worried about you. Our grandparents never got to do that. Do you guys think that comments… Internet comments are a good thing, pushing society in an even better and greater direction? Its a leading question. Its just weird that any news story that goes online, its like any shithead can just write [grunts] Heres my thoughts. I wonder how is that gonna affect our society? How is it gonna shape things? I think about a young comedian starting now, anything they do is gonna go online, and its gonna be a million people at every stage of their development, giving them instant feedback. Hows that gonna affect their artistic journey? Imagine if some of the great minds of the past had been around during comment culture. If Einstein had been a young scientist, you know, maybe he would have posted a little theorem up on some science website, you know, just like, E equals… Im not sure yet. You know. And then the first comment would have been like, Whats up, Jew-fro?! You Jew-ass bitch! Jew, Jew, Jew, bitch, Jew, bitch, Jew. Einstein would have just been like, Oh, Im not gonna do science anymore. Its too hurtful. Just pack up his little beakers and hit the road. Maybe get a job at Kiehls. [giggles] Did he use beakers? I dont know. like, what did he do? He invented wing sauce? Its weird theres so much interactivity now. I was on Twitter, and someone tweeted to me, and theyre, like, Get your thyroid checked. And it threw my entire day into a complete ball of chaos. Im like, What? Why? Thats not even someone being hateful. Thats someone whos concerned for you. So, Im Googling symptoms. Its like, Bug eyes. Im like, Aah! Aah! And sometimes youre just gonna see shitty stuff online… like my friends in… who are also entertainers, theyll be like, Dont search yourself. Its all shitty stuff. Thats just what the Internet is, and blah-blah-blah. But sometimes I have to do it. Sometimes I just… cause its my version of cutting. Like I just… I need to feel something sometimes. And one time I did, and I found this caricature that someone had drawn of me, and I dont know if you can imagine what feature they may have exaggerated, but it wasnt my big heart. Im looking at it and Im just like, You know what? And I got in the comments. I was just like, Hey, I hope you and everyone who liked this dies. And, uh, the artist got back to me really quickly, and he was like, [French accent] I dont understand. How could you say such a thing? like he wasnt French, but that was his energy. Im like, All right, take it down a notch. Youre definitely at a state fair right now. Not to be a dick, but Im just saying, is that really art? Can you call it art if someone can guess what youre gonna do every single time you set pen to paper? like, no ones going, Oh, whats he gonna do with this girl with the buck teeth? Its a real wait-and-see. Being a caricature artist, thats basically like, Did you hear about the school bully? Yeah, hes an artist now. Yeah, hes turned a new leaf, kind of. And the guy was like, Youre not that nice, either. You said you hope we all die. Im like, All right, fair point. I hope you live forever as a caricature artist. [chuckles] That is my wish. – Do you guys text and drive? – [audience whoops] [sighs] Its really hard not to. Thats another thing. Its like, we have this technology. Its so hard not to use it, right? If youre driving to brunch to meet your friend, its a 40-minute drive, you get a text from that friend, you see it, youre not gonna be like, Ill just wait till I get there to see if brunch is canceled. Its like… its hard not to. And then you have those texting and driving PSAs that are fucking terrifying, right? Theyre like, This is the last thing Johnny ever texted before he crashed and died, you know. And then its like, Sup?! And its like, Was it worth it? Its like, Oh, my God, no. No, it wasnt. Nothing we ever text is worth dying over. Unless, I mean… Im just thinking there is some scenario like, imagine your friends being stalked, and the murderer… you know what he looks like. Youre driving by her house like 40 miles an hour. You see that guy running like this. Hes running up her steps like… [trills] And you dont have time to stop, so youre like, Dude, the guy thats trying to kill you is running up your steps… Then its like, I dont know. Now weve got a dialogue. [chuckles] Now we can reopen that file. Well all die of it. But I just wish… I just wish they would have a little… Just a titch more levity with that whole ad campaign. like, if just one out of a hundred of these PSAs, the last thing the guy texted was a dick pic? So, its like, This is the last thing Patrick ever texted before he died. Then its just a dick. And then its like, Was it worth it?! And then his ghost is just like, Yes! It was worth it. He high-fives the camera. Uh! I needed her to see it! Felt strongly about it. Anytime I see a dick pic and receive one from all across this great nation… what I think about is what brought the guy to that point. like I just think about the whole process, you know? Not thinking about just the result, Im thinking about him taking down his pleated khakis… Something got him riled up, the pleats are popping, you know? I see him unzipping, and then Im imagining hes not just taking one photo, and then hes done, you know? Im imagining its gonna be a series of photos, so hes getting different angles and whatever. Pretty soon, hes got a phone full of dicks. Then Im imagining him scrolling through a bunch of dicks, going like, [imitating Evil Queen] Ooh, come to me, my pretty. Who is the fairest dick in the land? And then, I dont know, theres something kind of gay about it. I just feel like its kind of gay. I just feel like, even if youre a guy, liking a girl is kind of gay, you know what I mean? Like, we wear pink, and we like to smell like flowers. Its like, Suck a dick! [woman] Whoo! I am in love. [giggles] No, its nice. Its nice. Its, um… [sighs] I dont like to talk about who Im seeing because hes also in entertainment, but like, first name, Denzel, and hes… Hes really cool, you know? Hes good to me. I dont know. Im just glad… Im glad Im not on the market anymore. I love it cause I remember talking to people, and just like… this one guy would be like getting to know me, and hes like, Do you consider yourself to be a positive or a negative person? Im like, Oh, you stumped me, you know? Im gonna go negative because I hate the question so much. And then, there are just so many little things that will turn me off with someone, just the littlest thing. I remember that guy smiling at one point, and I could hear his smile. like he smiled, it was like… [tinks] [laughs] I was like, Ah! like, Drink water! Please drink a beverage! That shouldnt be happening. Thats a medical problem. I shouldnt be able to hear it when you smile. I definitely shouldnt be able to have my back to you and be like, Whoa… What are you smiling about, ya silly Billy? Or someone just rolling a paint roller… in a tray that has about one to two drops of paint in it. Which is it? Yeah, theres a lot of weird kinds of guys now, like theres new genres of guys, I feel like. Im not sure Im into the sensitive guy thing thats happening, you know, the kind of guys that are wearing these exact pants. You know, like they walk into your coffee shop… and theyre wearing a ratty cardigan and tortoiseshell spectacles, and youre just like, Oh, good afternoon, Professor 20-year-old. You know? Im not sure Im into that. I feel like for me to see a guy be super-sensitive and find that attractive… like to see a guy cry and find it hot, the way hed have to cry is just like… He cant even put his arms down cause hes so jacked. And the way he cries is just like… [goofy crying] like hes almost confused by what feelings are. Whats happening to my face? Whyd I kill so many bears? Thats the kind of stuff hes up to. Like Channing Tatum, you know? Ronnie from Jersey Shore, Channing Tatum, thats my… [sighs] Like Magic Mike… Did you guys see that? – [audience whooping] – Yes! One of the best American films of our century. I did love it, though. It was such a pièce de résistance performance. Um… And Im extremely religious, and extremely politically conservative, but I saw that movie, Im like, I want to fuck Channing Tatum on camera in front of his wife and my boyfriend, our families. He just brings out that kind of openness and vulnerability. I never had that much luck with Jewish guys. I dont know, I just feel like, you know… Some of you are gonna disagree, some are gonna agree… Its kind of a stereotype but it is one of those ones thats true. They definitely do really want to fuck their moms really hard. Dont get uncomfortable. Just be like, Oh, yeah, thats true. You know what I mean? It is true, and we just have to accept it. And I think that that tension of that taboo is honestly what causes all the earthquakes in California. Im serious. I feel like if… Why dont we just make a day where it doesnt count, okay? Hear me out. We just make one day where were like, Were not looking, go, go, go. No ones gonna judge you. No ones gonna wag their finger. Just do it. Its not gonna count. And I actually think that would make a great movie, like Hall Pass or something, you know? And I want to pitch it to a Hollywood executive, and just feel that out, but I feel pretty sure that that executive would be like, Um, Chelsea, were not gonna make this movie, but I am gonna fuck my mom. That sounds incredible. Do you guys know that its illegal to make jokes about the Holocaust in Germany? Isnt that funny? Like, to me, thats such a fascist approach to anti-Semitism. Its like, You guys have learned nothing. What are you doing? Hit the books. I always wanted to be… Tolerance books. I always wanted to be in one of those Holocaust movies where its like theres the beautiful Jewess who can pass for German. And I want to play her. So, its just me with my exact face, but in a blonde wig. And Im just walking around, hanging out with Hitler and his friends, and like, I see a Jew. Im like, Shh! [giggles] Theyre like, What? Everyone watching the movie is like, This is miscast. Im furious. Shh. I was talking to my friend, and he was like, Hitler was a good speaker. Im like, What are you doing right now? Like, do you think Hitlers ghost is sad somewhere like, [whiny voice] Did I do anything right? Wah… I feel like a failure. Youre throwing him a bone like, Here you go, Hitsy. You know? Its like, of course he was a good speaker. Thats part of being a dictator and creating a genocide environment. You cant just walk out like… [constricted laughter] [surfer voice] All right, you guys. What were gonna do, depending on the vibe… is grab a gypsy if you feel like it. Blue-sky thinking, but maybe kill all Jews. I dont know. Feel it out. Everyone would be leaving… Just like, Mmm, Hitler, you suck. Just tearing off their armband like its a shitty music festival. Why are old maps always burnt? Have you ever noticed that like every map you see from the olden times is always burnt all around the edges and in the middle? Where did they used to store their maps at? Theyre like, This is our cooking pit slash map storage unit. [baby voice] You guys know what Im talking about, – dont you? – [barks] Dont you know? Dont you know? So, yeah, Im in love. Im in love. Just trying to keep leading you guys back to being okay with that, cause when I said it the first time, youre like… Were really not here for love. Um… were here to laugh at your pain. [audience laughs] [Chelsea laughs] Anyway, I dont know. I wanna like… Now Im in love, so its like I gotta figure out, Okay, now what? Right? The whole rest of our lives stretch ahead. Do we get [shrill voice] married? Married? [normal voice] I feel like marriage needs re-branding. Do you know what I mean? Its like, [shrill voice] Were married. This is a marriage. Im his wife, and he is my husband. Wife, husband, marriage. [normal voice] I just feel like… I like the idea of soul mates, like being together forever, or like Bonnie and Clyde, like, kill people and die, you know? But I dont know about marriage. The only really cool example I have is my grandparents. They were married 50 years, okay? They had this beautiful marriage. They worked their way up from nothing, they built their dream house, they had a garden together. She grew roses, he grew vegetables. Its a beautiful marriage. And then I always tried to ask her questions about it to get some insight, like how can I have that kind of longevity and that compatibility, you know. And my grandmother will tell this story where shes just like, Well, the day we got married… Grandpa was driving away from the church, and I remember looking at his hand on the wheel, and thinking, I dont know this man.' Im like, what? Thats the story youre passing down to the next generation? What am I supposed to do with that? Just marry a stranger? Also thats a pretty shitty story. It has no beginning, middle, or end. Its just, you were looking at an arm. But shes told it to me like 25 times. I dont know this man. Im like, What is happening? And they had this great marriage, and then its like, okay… then he passed away. So now, even though they had this long, great marriage, now she kind of wanders around her house… shes like, Well, guess I better go turn that light off. Then Ill go round back and turn that light off. I dont know how all the lights got on! [chuckles] We got her a dog. Were like, Here, take this. She named it Buffy after the Vampire Slayer, which is cute. – [applause] – Yeah! All my Buffy heads. But its weird cause she projects all her own nonsense onto the dog. The dogs just like, Yay, Im a puppy! And shes like, Buffy dont want to go outside. Buffys tired. Buffys like, Lets go, come on! Lets go, Im a dog! Shes like, Buffy dont want to play. Buffys feeling morose today. Buffys been off her meds for months. Were like, Uh, Grandma, we still talking about Buffy? My dad, hes at the opposite end of the spectrum. Hes on his third wife now, so… [sighs] Yeah, cool. Um… I dont know if youve ever attended a third wedding, but there is kind of a different feel to it… maybe a titch less whimsy. You kind of walk in, youre like, All right, hey, everyone! Same seats, or… we gonna switch it up? Just eating cake like, Dad, dare I say, this cake is even better than all them other cakes. My dads Italian and my moms Jewish, then he was married to a black woman from when I was one until I left home. Now hes married to an Indian woman for his golden years, so its really been just a whirlwind of scents, and spices, and silks, and colors. Its been like some sort of a strange foreign exchange program that just kind of revolves around my fathers penis. My black stepmother, which is what we used to call her… She used to do my hair when I was a little girl, and she would always call me tender-headed. Shed be like, Chelsea, stop moving! You are so tender-headed! Id be like, Well, Im really just more of a white person. We kind of have a two-barrette maximum… on what were up to with barrettes. Please stop sending me to school looking like Katt Williams. Id like to do an impression of my dad, but I dont have a newspaper and five hours to spare. I was so excited when this show was put in The Chronicle, cause I was like, He will have to acknowledge my existence. Dont feel sad. Dont be sad. Um… Im always looking for just examples of happily married people… You know, just to see someone like, Oh, that looks awesome. like, looking for clues in society all the time, and how do people make it work and be fun. like, Ill watch the housewives reality shows, um… just looking for a morsel of inspiration. I remember when those shows first started airing, like 18 years ago, I remember being like, Oh, my God. I forgot being a housewife was still an option for women. I was like, Fuck, I should have done that! I took a wrong turn. That is so awesome. Someone else works and then you do not work? Like, why did women ever stop doing that on any level? Why did we phase that out? Just out of dignity? Im not trying to be rude. If any of you guys are housewives, Im sure its a lot of work, but… [audience cheers and applauds] You should be paid a wage. No, but sometimes I look at… friends of friends on Facebook, and just kind of observe their lives to see… Do I want any of that? Is there anything I can cherry-pick out of those lives, toss it into my life and make it a better life? A friend of a friend just posted like 500 engagement photos on Facebook. It was a photoset of 500 photos. Im not exaggerating. Its like that wedding portraiture, where its just like, two assholes back to back in the woods, just like… [laughing shrilly] To the future! Im just obsessed with the entire photoset. Im just like, Next, next, next, next, more, more, more, more. Every photo, they were just like… [giggles shrilly] Uh-oh, its us again. [trills] This same girl on Facebook, all her posts and all her updates are about her husband. Thats all she seems to write or think about, but she doesnt call him her husband, which would be awesome, and she doesnt call him by his name, which would also be great. She calls him by a word that I really feel is one of the more disgusting words in the English language. She calls him her hubby, which, to me is on par with the N word. Like lets… Lets eradicate both. All her updates, shes just like, My hubby made breakfast. My hubby fixed the door. My hubby is sleeping. He breathed in, he breathed out. He breathed in, he breathed out. I just keep waiting for the day where she is like, My hubby shot himself in the face! His letter said he missed his name… which I just found out is Steven. Missing my hub like a mug. You have to be so patient to be a parent, you know? My friend, her kid… We were in the park hanging out, and her kid tangled up his kite string, and shes sitting there with it for 40 minutes like, Okay, baby, I got it. Over and under. Its okay, baby. I got it. And hes just watching, like… And Im watching this whole operation, and thinking if that was me, Id be like, Oh, my God, we have to throw away your kite! Oh, you loved it. Aw… [chuckles] [nasally voice] That is awful. I feel so bad. [normal voice] I just want a life that has passion. I dont know. [sighs] I just want excitement. I want to be a good person. I want to be a good adult, have a solid life, but I also want passion and unpredictability. Not like Jodi Arias level, but like something. Are you guys following that… The Jodi Arias? [scattered applause] Cool. [giggles] Me too. Me too. How crazy, we have that in common. Um, no… its an interesting one, right? First of all, its like, you know, shes a woman, and murder is mostly a mans game, so its like she kind of broke a glass ceiling in a way. Its like… I dont know. Feminism is so complicated. But its an interesting case because… [sighs] allegedly, she stabbed him a bunch… Its her ex-boyfriend… She stabbed him a bunch of times, then slit his throat from ear to ear, then she shot him. Its like, Mmm, pick a thing, you know. In that regard, she really was like a typical girl, where shes like, [mimicking] I cant decide. Ill have all the desserts. Well, congratulations, guys, on you all just coming out of your houses tonight. Thats so hard to do, isnt it? [applause] So hard. I hate leaving my house. Im always amazed when people do it. Im the happiest when Im just on my couch, under my blankets, just all cozied up with just my laptop, and my iPhone, and my iPad, and my pee jars everywhere. Just playing bongos on my pee jars. Happy as a clam in my little kingdom. Do you ever do one chore, and then celebrate that for ten years? Or you have a pile of dirty dishes in the sink in the next room, and you hear water, one drop drop into it, just like, Bloop. And youre like, I know! Thats my kind of household, but I love it. Sometimes I feel like if these walls could talk, theyd be like, Bitch, youre back in bed again? Id be like, Shut up, walls! Youre boring, too. [chuckling] I do hate it. I hate leaving my house cause I have to pee constantly, and I hate asking people… I hate asking people, [nasally] May I use your restroom? I hate that, like, [shrilly] Please, may I? [normal voice] Its just so humiliating to ask a business to use their restroom. And I pee all the time. I told my friend that. Im like, I pee all the time, and hes like, Youre a frequent urinator? Im like, Um, dont put a medical flair to it. I pee a lot, okay? And hes like, Is it sticky pee? like, is it like syrup? Im like, No, motherfucker. How crazy would I have to be that I have sticky pee, and Im just walking the earth… like Im just like, Uh-huh. Yeah, I do, I have sticky pee. Why, whats up? Whats up? Whats up? What is it? Whats on your mind? Whats the deal? My pee… yeah, its like molasses, why? Why do you ask? Just wondering why you ask. You know. Its like… if I had molten pee, like, I would be in an ambulance right now. I dont like peeing in public. I hate that feeling of like, someone being so close to you. I dont know if you guys do this, but I will actually tilt and try to pee on the side of the toilet bowl cause it flattens it and then its seamlessly injected into the toilet water, completely silently. And then no one can ever know how forceful my pee stream is. Thats too much intel for a stranger. Theyre like, Chelsea pees like a horse. Its like, no. Putting my foot down. I just panic… like, what if I let go, and its that kind of lawn-sprinkler pee, you know, that pulsating… Where its like… [makes whooshing sounds] Then all of a sudden, you gotta make a joke to your stallmate. Youre like… [forced laughter] Club music! I cant take this stress. like, Id rather just hold it. I dont even like eating in front of people. That stresses me out, to be honest with you. I hate the feeling… I dont want to eat on a business lunch, and I dont want to eat on a first date. Its an animal thing… I cant chew confidently, like… [imitates chewing] You know? My instinct as an animal, when I see meat on a plate, I just want to pick it up and then just drag it off down into a dark hole somewhere, just… [makes gnawing sounds] Thats how I think restaurants should be, just jet black with dirt holes around the perimeter. Just like throw a pan in there. My ideal eating situation is just me in a ditch with a buffet in it. Okay? With no one around for miles, just the wind and the treetops. Im just naked. Im just like, Mmm. Shrimp, shrimp, shrimp, cake, cake, cake. Shrimp cake, why not? [grunts] And Im not saying this in a Cathy cartoon way. Im saying this in a River Monsters way, okay? A Game of Thrones feast. Thats how I want to eat. Just like Sizzler right when the apocalypse hits. That would be my absolute dream. I dont like eating bananas in public. That is so stressful if youre a girl. Its so annoying cause its such a portable, good snack, but if youre a girl and you want to eat a banana on the bus or wherever you may be, all of a sudden youre in the position of like, how do I de-dick this delicious treat, so that I may enjoy it without people imagining me blowing them, you know? So, I have a system again, and I think a lot of us do this. What you do is you peel it, right? Then you break a piece off, right? Then you mash it up in your palm into a paste, and you push it up between your fingers and eat it like… [trills] [laughs] [trills] Right, ladies? Cause you dont want it to look sexual. Thats a no-no in society. I actually just got some bad news. I just found out Im allergic to gluten-free food, so its a nightmare. Its gonna be hard to eat in this century. Do you guys know… Speaking of pigging out, do you know that a female pigs orgasm lasts supposedly for 30 minutes? Ask your mom. Thats a great spirit in here. Honestly, sometimes, I look out at the audience, and Im just like, Fuck, I wish I was you. You know? Just sitting there totally just like, Whats next? You know, just totally relaxed, just watching a genius, you know. Just seems like a fun time. Do you guys ever fantasize about having a job other than your own shitty job? like, for me, I do it all the time. For me, what my fantasy job is… is to be a florist. I really feel in my heart of hearts, if I was a florist, I would be happy all the time. It would just be 24/7 nirvana, and I would always have my hair just kind of loosely piled on my head, you know, with just some chopsticks through it, and just long skirts and bangle bracelets, just like… [imitates clinking] And then I would talk to all my customers just really soothing, like, [quietly] Let me put some extra babys breath in there for you. [giggles] It actually calms me just to pretend to be a florist. Okay, these will look really nice. Thatll fill that in really nicely for you. There you go. And Ill put a little ribbon on it. [indistinct] I think that would be really nice. It makes me feel so good, I should do this every night. All right, there you go. And then I feel like, in my fantasy, all my customers would be really handsome male architects cause thats like the perfect guy job, and when I was done making the bouquet, theyd take it and turn it around and be like, Its actually for you. You know, thats my fantasy of what its like to work in the floral industry. Im sure Im idealizing it. If I actually got into that field, Im sure someone would just be like, Thats not a daffodil, you cunt. You know. [audience laughs] Itd be a rude awakening. Thats my fantasy. Its weird being on TV now because then its like stand-up… When you do stand-up, its all about being relatable. You want to go, Okay, heres what my day was, heres whats going on, and people are like, Oh, Ive done that, too. Then you get on TV and weird stuff starts happening in your life. You start going, Is this relatable? You know, like… [sighs] For example, nothing really feels like it costs anything anymore. Is that relatable? [audience laughs and applauds] [Chelsea giggles] No, I do love stand-up. I think its just cool that you get to say your feelings, and its this completely unmoderated experience. like any song youve heard, thats the same thing. Thats just that songwriters point of view on what was happening. I always have that Michael Bolton song stuck in my head, where its like… ? How can we be lovers If we cant be friends? ? ? How can we start over When the fight never ends? ? ? Oh, baby, how can we? ? Anyway, yes, yes, its a great song. We all love it. [chuckles] I think we can agree. But thats just maybe Michael Boltons take on whatever was going on in that relationship with that girl that he was singing about. Maybe that wasnt her issue with Michael Bolton at that time at all. like, maybe her song to him would have just been like… ? Your hair kind of hit me In the face when we fucked ? ? I just didnt like it That was more my issue ? [audience laughs] Thats so funny how you know every word to a song, and then, its like, maybe ten years in, you realize what its actually about. You realize the lyrics, what theyre actually meaning, youre like, Oh! You know? I was thinking about that Dr. Dre song from the 90s, where its like… ? Bitches aint shit But hoes and tricks ? Im like, If you actually look within the lyrics… that song is actually not that complimentary to females. [laughs hysterically] You guys have been really cool. You know, uh… have you? I dont know. Um… [chuckles] Sometimes when I do interviews, which is constantly, people will ask me, you know, Youre a woman and you do comedy. Question mark. like, thats the whole question. And I never know what to give them, what they want. I dont know how to describe what its like. The best I can do is like, youre up on stage, and youre telling jokes, and the whole time, in between your legs, you have a pussy. Sometimes the jokes are going great, you still have one. Other times theyre going… ugh… you still have that same set of genitals. Its like its haunting your every move… no matter what ideas you might be expressing. Its creepy. like, watch… [grunts] still there. So scary. It is weird being a female comedian cause you do hear people talking shit all the time. like, Fucking female comedians, dude, they fucking suck. All they do is talk about their fucking period, man. Fuck that shit. I have discerning taste. I like fart jokes mostly. [chuckles] Or whatever their taste may be. But it just annoys me cause I have never… just because of that, Ive never talked about my period the whole time Ive done stand-up cause I dont want to give anyone the satisfaction. But what annoys me is just on principle, because I guarantee you, if guys got their period, all right? Just make that jump. If guys got their period, theres no way a male comedian would be standing on stage right now bleeding out of his dick, okay? Just like bleeding, and hes just like, Im not gonna talk about it. Im not gonna do it. It would be déclassé. I dont want to disrespect comedy like that. I said no. You know? If guys got their period, 90% of stand-up comedy would just be people running around like, I was bleeding out of my dick! What the fuck?! Drip, drop, drip, drop, drip, drop, drip, drop! Thank you guys very much. [man coughs] [snores] [soft music plays] [instrumental rock music plays] I found a caricature that someone had drawn of my face and I dont a-know… And I dont a-know… [laughs] I dont a-know. Show the audience youre having a soda. [imitates soda can opening] [burps] Men love Daniel Day-Lewis, you know? [audience whoops] Hoisting my pants. Should I say that again? Or should I just keep all this in? [grunts] [man] This isnt funny. Can I have my money back, please? Its not funny? You want your money back? All right. – [click] – [whirring] – There you go, toots. – Great, thanks. – Are you guys awake? – [audience laughs] Just checking in. This will be my life dream. Uh… just making sure you are with me here, as I do perform my jokes for you tonight. Thanks for checking in. I will go off-book. As you can see, I will go ahead and personally attack each and every one of you. [laughs]

SEBASTIAN MANISCALCO@ARENT YOU EMBARRASSED?@2014@Good, good. It feels good to be home in Chicago in the center of the city. Huh? Oh, good. I grew up, uh, 25 miles away from here in Arlington Heights. So… And when we picked this beautiful theater for this, uh, special, I told my father, you know, Im gonna do this special in Chicago. Im gonna do it downtown. He didnt say, you know, Im proud of you. Congratulations. He said, Where are these people gonna park? Its good to be home. I-I love this city. There are certain cities I do not like going to. Im not a Vegas guy. I know a lot of people love to go to Vegas for a weekend. I dont… I dont… You could see a good, uh, portion of the population that descends on Las Vegas over a year, and Im here to tell you were in trouble, okay? Were in trouble as a nation if you look at Las Vegas. I dont know, is anybody embarrassed anymore? Is there any embarrassment? Huh? Is there any shame? Im checking into a two billion dollar property, right? Beautiful. Italian marble. Five-star restaurant. Chihuly art hanging from the ceiling. And I looked to my left at the check-in thing, and theres a group checking in with an Igloo cooler. All right, not even a new one. Duct tape on the ha… on the handle. Ten cases of Schlitz. George Foreman Grill? What are you gonna do, grill chicken in the room? Arent you embarrassed? Come on! The place reeks of cash. Sammy Davis, Frank Sinatra, used to come. Tuxedo, cuff links. And you brought chicken thighs? So Im like, You know what, let me go relax at the pool. Go to the pool area. Now, I dont know how you people do the pool, but when I go to, like, a public pool, hotel pool, I go away from the people. I dont go near people. I dont chitchat, all right? I know a lot of people like to go in the midst of people. Oh, hi! Oh, we love the weather. We come once a year. I dont do this shit. Okay? I go away from it. I set up in my own little corner. I got three towels. I start making the thing, okay? Like a fitted sheet, everything… is tucked in. Neat. I brought a book. I see people doing this on vacation. They bring a book to the pool. You ever see these people? I watch and I go, How are they reading here? 118 degrees, theyre reading a full-blown book. So Im like, You know what? Let me try this. Let me bring a book to the pool. So I sit down, I open up my book. Now, my biggest problem, I cant mind my own business. Im halfway through the first page, and I start looking around like, What the fuck are they doing? What is this? Why are they doing that? Theres a group of guys came down loud. Im not into loud people. I heard them before I saw them. Its this group, the high-five group. You ever get this group that comes down? What? Youre 42 years old. Why are you high-fiving? Youre at the pool. You didnt score a touchdown. What are you high-fiving people for at the pool? And they sit right next to me. Im like a magnet for these types, right? They sit right next to me. Now Im honed in on this group. Guy took his shoe off, four Band-Aids on his foot. How does it get the four Band-Aids? How does this happen? After one Band-Aid, isnt that a hospital visit? What are you trying to fix… at your home with four Band-Aids? One box of Band-Aids should last your entire life. This is a one-time purchase. When you die, you should have leftover Band-Aids for generations to come. And Im thinking if this guy gets into the pool with his Band-Aids on, theyre gonna have to drain the pool and refill it. Im not getting into the pool with Band-Aid juice floating on top of the pool. All right? I dont know whats underneath the Band-Aids. Theres always a Band-Aid; theres always a loose Band-Aid in the pool. It will find you. Youll be talking, hanging out, right? The damn thing will just come in. Youre like, Oh, God! Its a Band-Aid! Get it away from me! Get it away from me. Youre wearing Band-Aids, you should be disallowed in the pool area. Okay? But this is the country, people. This is what were living in. We are in trouble. Igloo coolers and Band-Aids, okay? No wonder the Chinese are winning. All right? Somethings going on in the country. Its got to be the Internet. Its got to be the Internet. Internets bringing out people we never even knew existed. 30 years ago, these people never left the house. They were in their basement, talking to themselves. They didnt leave. They had no outlet. Now you give them the Internet? They have an outlet to the rest of the world. Now theyre in chat rooms and… Where are people getting the time to do half of the stuff theyre doing online? People are living on the computer. Writing reviews on restaurants that they go to? You got nothing going on with your life? I dont know, me and my wife, we go out to dinner. Ill tell her right there, salmon sucked. Lets get the fuck out of here. Thats it. We dont run home and tattletale on the restaurant. Whos got this time to write an 18-page essay on asparagus? Whos doing this? This Internet, theres something for everybody. Right? You got some weird fetish, some weird thing you do… Look at how weird it just got in here, huh? Some of you are into this type of behavior. But if you like something weird… You like to, if youre an adult, you like to dress up as a baby, theres a Web site for you. 30 years ago, if you liked to dress up as a baby, nobody knew that. You did that in the privacy of your own home. If you ever came out of your house with a diaper on, your neighbor would go, Look at this shit. Call the FBI. Get this shit out of the neighborhood. Right? It was handled. But today, just throw it up in the Google. I like to dress up as a baby. Next thing you know, theyre at the Hilton on a Saturday with 863 people that like to do this shit. Somethings wrong in the country. Okay? Where do people get the time? Look around you. Everybodys just walking around. Taking a photo of yourself? They call it a selfie. I cant even say the word without sweating. I cant stand the word. I call it taking a lonely. Do you know how alone you got to be… …that you cant find anybody to take a photo? That you got 838 photos of yourself in your bathroom? What are you doing? What are you doing? Nobodys working. Nobodys working. We got people in this country hanging outside movie theaters for four days for a movie to come out. Fridays the release date. Theyre there Tuesday. They g a tent theyre setting up, a little picnic area, generator, sleeping bag. And theyre dressed as the character in the movie. Whos doing this? My family, my friends, nobody does this. Nobody does this. Okay? Ive never called my buddy. Frankie, what are you doing? Eh, nothing, Im dressed as Batman. Ive been sleeping in a tent. I got the cape on eBay for 18 grand. I live in Los Angeles; I see it on the day-to-day. Celebrity goes on trial, downtown at the courtroom, you got people outside the courtroom, marching around with signs. All right? Justice for Lindsay! Justice for Lindsay! No job? You got nowhere to be on a Monday at 8:30 in the morning? I never made a sign. Have you? Ive never wrote on a cardboard box my feelings… stapled it to a stick, drove the stick somewhere… and marched around in a circle for 12 h… Justice for…! Some of you are laughing at this. Some of you are not. Listen, if youre laughing, youre on board; if youre not, youre the fucking problem, Im sorry. Okay? Im looking at some of you. Youre like, I dont know why this is funny. I dress up as Batman and I have an Igloo cooler. I dont know whats so funny about this. The world doesnt match my upbringing, okay? Im here to tell you that. I grew up with an immigrant family. My fathers Sicilian, my mothers Italian. I gotta, I gotta clarify that, all right? Half Sicilian, half Italian. But if you talk to my father, Youre Sicilian. Youre Sicilian! Okay, Dad, relax. They instilled work ethic into me at a young age. Young. If you come from immigrants, they dont play around with the work. Okay? Ive been working since Ive been eight. Eight years old, these people put me to work. I didnt know what was going on. I was watching cartoons on a Saturday, my-my father walked in the living room. He was like, Hey. Go start a business. What? Now? Right? They never bought us anything. I come from middle-class upbringing. They never bought us a damn thing. They told us who had what we wanted in the neighborhood. Im like, Dad, could we get a dog? Dog, yeah. Two houses down, they got a dog. You want to pet an animal? You walk two houses down, you pet their dog and then you come back here and cut my lawn. What? What lawn… why…? What does the lawn have to do with a puppy? What are you talking about? There was no napping, growing up. Once you… once you were up, you were up, okay? Not like today, where the kids are, Im gonna go take a nap! The mothers like, Thats okay, Justin. Go take a nap. Youve been up for two hours now. Youre probably exhausted. So go upstairs, lay down, refresh, and come back down when youre good and ready to operate your day. Not my family, okay? Father been living up my ass my entire life. Constantly on me, questioning me. I was an altar boy; he questioned that. Right? He was like, Do they pay you for this shit at the church? You makin any scratch? I had to ask the priest for a raise. I said, Listen, we know whats going on here. Youre collecting a lot of cash during the Mass, and nobodys getting a cut. We need something, okay? The priest says, We dont pay for Mass. We pay for funerals. I said, Then put me on the funeral circuit. Ill start working funerals, okay? Thats what I was doing. I was working three, four funerals a week, during my lunch hour. During my lunch hour, I would have to wolf down my lunch… which was impossible to do, cause I had the Italian lunch, okay? My lunch had to be refrigerated in the teachers lounge, all right? Or it would spoil. I had to… fill out a special form… …that the school wasnt responsible if the veal piccata spoiled in the refrigerator. All right? I had real silverware. Nobody wanted to trade at lunch. Everybody had, like, American… you know, Ho Ho, Twinkies. I-I said, Anybody want some S cookies? I got S cookies. Stella Doro? Nobody wants this? And my mother would say, Make sure you dip those in coffee. Coffee? Ma, they dont serve coffee in the lunch room. Im in third grade. Well, Ill pack you some coffee, then! So I would eat the lunch, run over to the church, work a full funeral. All the other kids having a ball, meeting friends for life, and here I am, eight years old, over a corpse, with incense. The guy never pays full price for anything. My father, constantly looking for a deal, went to the dentist. Sitting down at the dentist, the dentist told him, Listen, you need a crown. Its gonna be about $800. My father was like, C-Crown? I could get the crown. I got a crown guy. Crown guy? Yeah, Ill bring in the part and Ill pay you for the labor. Ill pay cash. What? Its not a body shop! Beautiful garden growing up, though; beautiful. We never went to the grocery store. We grew it. Right in the backyard. Beautiful. Tomato… string bean… All right? Little zucchini… You want some fruit? You picked it off the tree! But at night, we found out something was going on in our garden. There was a little raccoon… …something. Something was nibbling… on my fathers tomatoes, okay? It was a big deal. We had a family meeting about it. Most American families, theyll call up Orkin. Well just call Orkin. Theyll come set up some traps. Then theyll release the animal back into the wild so it can reunite with its family. My fathers like, Listen, were gonna murder this motherfucker. All right? Were gonna put antifreeze on bologna. What? Why, Papa? Why? Cause it eats the intestines, thats why! Now go get the antifreeze in the garage. Were gonna make a sandwich for our friends tonight. Woke up in the morning, birds, squirrels, raccoons murdered all over the property. Neighbors coming by, Have you seen our cat? Nah, we havent seen shit. Does it like bologna? We sent the message. Okay? Trap dont send the message. Antifreeze makes it clear: we aint playing around with our zucchinis. Okay? Old World upbringing. Superstitious… God, my familys superstitious. I remember, once I got my first car… It was a 1984 S… uh, Celica. Toyota Celica GT, shit brown. All right? Soon as I got it, my father hung a red horn from the rearview mirror of the car, right? Just a red horn, dangling. I go, What are you doing? This looks like… Hes like, Its for the malocchio, the eye. So nobody gives you the eye. I go, What eye? The fucking eye! Italians, Sicilians, they believe if somebody looks at you they could literally give you bad luck, just on a look. All right? So now we have to have defense mechanisms. Okay? I dated girls who werent even Italian. Theyd get into the car. Theyre like, Why do you have a red pepper hanging from your rearview mirror? What is this all about? And Id have to explain, Nah, its for the demons, you know? Its so nobody looks at you and cripples your soul. You dont have that in your family? No? It was all Old World. No real medication at the house. I didnt know what was going on. I got a fever, my mother started cutting potatoes. Right? She would put slices of potatoes with a rag… I go, Dont we have any Tylenol? Why are potatoes on my head? I just… I grew up, I was covered in Vicks. We had vats of Vicks, they would just… rub… just rub me. They would boil water, they would drop the Vicks in the water. Then I would have to hover over the water. Right? 183 degrees. Breathing. Then a beach towel would come over my head. Im like, I cant breathe! I cant breathe, get it off! And they would just hold me there. Stay! Stay! I cant… I cant breathe. Dont we have Halls? We need Halls. But as odd as this upbringing mightve… mightve been, they taught me passion. They taught me, whatever you do in life, you do it 138%. You give it your all. Yeah. Pride. Pride in work. You look around now, nobodys working. The people that are working, they dont want to be there. Huh? Go to the airport. The people that work at the airport? Upset that we even showed up to fly. Ive never seen an angrier group of people in my life. Soon as you walk into the terminal, theyre tapping each other, Look at the, look at… They brought bags. They got bags! I cant take the airport, especially now, with these families. Especially now, summertime, the families, theyre coming out like ants. Ants! With these little kids… Enough with these little kids on an airplane, okay? One week old, with placenta on it, going to Hawaii. For why? And what happened to fathers in this country? Their balls have been detached and thrown in a purse somewhere. What is going on with the fathers? Im looking at this family check in. The wife is doing everything. Shes lifting the heavy bags. Shes doing the ticketing, the boarding passes, and the fathers off to the side, like a dunce, sitting there with his son hanging off his chest in some type of kangaroo sack. Honey, do you…? Oh, Im sorry. I didnt mean to speak. Ill just sit here like an idiot. Id breast-feed if I could. You know that. Its even happening with my own friends. I call my buddy, I go, Whatd you do today? Well, I went to the parent-teacher conference. Parent-teacher conference?! My father didnt even know where the school was. Hed often ask me, What grade are you in? Where are you at? Now the buddys got a man-cave he cant stop talking about. Oh-ho, you got to come by. Got my man-cave. Go down there, watch the game on Sunday. Got my beer in my little koozie. Man-cave? Youre bragging about a man-cave? My father had a man-cave, it was the house. There was never, Change the channel, Dad! We didnt do that. We watched whatever he was watching. We sat there, watched it, all right? Five years old, Im watching 60 Minutes, going, This is terrible whats going on in Lebanon, huh, Dad? It was time for me to check in, right? Now, the check-in process at the airport, they dont want to look at you. Head down, right? No smile, nothing. I feel like Im working, right? I feel like I work at United. Hi! How ya doing? Right? The only time they get happy is when the bag goes over the weight allowance. They love telling you, Youre gonna owe extra on this bag. And you know its heavy. When youre packing it at home, you tell your wife, Were never gonna make it with the… Its okay. Okay, Ill pack it, huh? So heavy, right? You put it up there. And you know its heavy, so you kind of try and release it… You do that, like, kind of soft release. Like thats gonna take… take weight off the bag. And her mood changes, shes like, Ooh… Im sorry. Your bag is two pounds over. Youre gonna have to take two pounds out of your bag. Now, like an idiot, Ive got to open up my bag in front of 187 people. I dont know what two pounds is. Im taking out a boot, a sock, toothpaste… Is this two pounds? Does anybody know what two pounds is? Theyre gonna charge me an extra $8,000. You think the boots a half a pound? I mean, I go, Where do you want me to put this? Shes like, Put that in your carry-on. I said, Its still going on the plane! Wha… What does it matter… if its on top or underneath? They guy behind mes 500 pounds. That doesnt matter? Whats…? My sock is gonna take the plane into the Pacific, but you prepared for this type of weight? Its a scam. Every part of that airport bothers me. The TSA… the security checkpoint. This is whats guarding our country? Have you seen whats in the blue shirts at OHare? Do you feel safe with this type of security? Ive been all over the world… Egypt, Lebanon, Beirut… Ive been all over. The security in their airports… unbelievable. All military, neat, hats, machine guns… Have you seen our first line of defense? Y-You see the first guy they send out… Take out your laptop! Your liquids, your creams, your gels… And can we leave the shoes on? Have you seen peoples… Have you seen peoples feet…? Guy took his shoe off, looked like he had a machete hanging off his toe. I swear to God. Like he could cut… provolone… just a thin… slice… of provolone. How does your toenail get to this point? Dont you glance down and go, Shit, I got to cut this before it starts coming through my shoes? These are basic skill sets. But I got a fear of flying. My biggest fear… Im gonna die in a crash, right? What, this Malaysia things freaked me out. Two months ago, this thing went down. Nobody could see it, right? Nobody could find it. Where is this damn thing? They tell me before I fly, Your seat could be used as a floatation device. Where are these seats? They cant find 283 seats floating in the ocean? Where did the seats go? What do you do, though? Youre on a plane, it loses control, and you start heading for the ocean, right? Youre on the plane. Oxygen comes down. People start breathing. Me? Im hanging myself. Gone! You think Im hitting the water at 6,000 miles per hour? What does that feel like? Ill take the hanging, okay? Ill take the hanging. But knowing my luck, Id hang myself, the pilot would regain control. And Id be the only idiot hanging for seven hours on the way to Beijing. With people ringing the call button, Do you want to get him down? He keeps swinging into my area. Im trying to eat my cashews and watch Frozen. Could you unwind him? He keeps hitting my tray. So, I got this upbringing, I got this weird way of looking at the world, right? Finally found someone who could deal with me. I got married last year, and Im happier than shit. I gotta tell ya. My wife is an angel, okay? A complete angel. T-The total opposite of me, okay? Loves people. Loves people, shes from the South. Shes always smiling. Shes like a dog, she likes to play. She likes to come out and play. Im like a cat, I love to hide, right? Her friends come over, theyre, like, comfortable. Right? I like people at the house, but, like, her friends stay long. Like, my friends… uh, you know, my friends, after the game, theyre gone. Hers? Theyre like, Oh-oh, Ill just sleep here. No. No, youre not. Her friends, like, open the refrigerator. Im sorry, I didnt grow up that way. You dont open anybody elses refrigerator. Right? The refrigerator and the master bedroom… you dont, you dont look at. You ever get a tour of somebodys house? This is the master. And youre like, Oh, okay. You dont go in there and go, Oh, do… this where you fuck? You fuck here? Right here? No! You just skip it, and you move on to the babys room. No, a friend came over the other night. She comes right in. She goes in there. She starts shopping… like its Jewel, right? Took out a bowl of cherries. Beautiful cherries… I just bought them, right? I didnt even get to taste them. What I like to do is, I like to take out the cherries, put them in a separate bowl, give them a nice wash, and slip those in the refrigerator, right? This one takes out the cherries. Shes eating the cherries, and were, shes talking to me and my wife. Now, its all over my face. I cant hide it, all right? Im sitting there, I go, I-I got to go to the bathroom. Now I go hide. I go… Like a cat, I go somewhere else. And my wife has to come get me. Shes like, Wha…? Would you come out here? I go, Shes eating the cherries. How does she know Im not making a cherry pie with that? But thats why I fell in love with my wife. Totally different. Ill come home, and the pizza delivery guy will be in the house, while my wife goes to our secret stash… and pays him. I go, Why is the delivery guy in our kitchen? I didnt grow up with delivery people. I was the delivery person. My father would order a pizza in January, right? 38 below outside. And he would tell me, Uh, go get the pizza. Its gonna be ready in 30 minutes. I just ordered the pizza. I go, They got delivery. Why dont you just…? Im gonna pay delivery when I got you? Go get the pizza… But the customer service, right? I-I run into it a lot, the customer service, cause I handle, in my house, all the hook-ups… Internet, whatever we need. Gas, I do all that. Got on the phone with the cable people, right? I dont know if you ever try to hook up cable over the phone with these people? Theres a pre-recorded message that says, Were gonna monitor the call for quality assurance. Right? So, as soon as I get a live operator, I tell them, Just so you know, Im recording the call on my end, too, okay? You got me, I got you. Behave. Behave. So the next morning, I come down for breakfast, I got a guy in my yard already. Cable guys in the yard already. My wife is like, What is he doing? I go, I dont know. Now, I handle that. Thats another thing you handle as a husband. You got a guy in your yard, you take care of that. You dont send your wife. Go… go see. Go out there. As a husband, you have to handle stuff. You make reservations to a restaurant, as the man, you check in. You go right up to the… I got a two Maniscalco tonight, you got that? You dont send your wife. I see it all the time. Wives go up… Hi, were here. Two for, uh, Johnson. Its ready? Honey? You want to… Its ready, honey! You want to come up here?! Handle it. So, I handle the cable guy. I come outside in the yard. I go, Hey, whats going on? What are you doing? Oh, nah, I cant do it! I cant do it! I cant get at the… the cable, I cant get it. What?! You dont come to the door, introduce yourself… Howd you get back here? I cant do it. I gotta take a break. Break? You didnt do nothing. Hes telling me he cant hook the cable up because the cables in my neighbors yard. I gotta ask my neighbor if its okay for him to go get the cable. I go, Julio, you broke into my yard… …cant you just break into his? Its your cable. Go get the damn thing. I cant do it. So me and Julio go over to my neighbor. I just moved into the neighborhood. I dont even know the guy. I knock on the door, the guy came to the door, had a full medical mask on. If you have a medical mask on, and you answer the door, thats gotta be the first thing out of your mouth, okay? Why you got this damn thing on. I come to my door, with a medical mask, I take it down: Listen, doing some painting in the garage, gets into my lungs, thats why I got the mask. This guy, nothing on the mask. Started talking through the mask. Hes, like, Whats going on? I go, No, no, no… whats going on in here? I just bought the joint next door. Do I gotta put it up for sale? Why the hell do you got a medical mask on, on a Monday morning, okay? Lets get into that. Im gonna send Julio in your yard. Is he gonna come out with no head? What are you doing with the mask? I live in the negative. Live in the negative. My wife is in the positive, okay? Came back to our house, I said, Put the for sale sign up. Theres a guy with a medical mask living next door. Shes, like, Maybe he has a respiratory problem and thats why he has the mask. I go, Or maybe hes got 16 bodies in drums, in formaldehyde, in his basement. Put the sign up, were moving. You cant get any customer service with the cable. Here, I went to Chipotle couple weeks ago. Love Chipotle… they make a really nice burrito over there. Its so terrific, the employees cant stop eating it. The employees are never working. Theyre always in the dining room eating. Ever walk in there? Im, like, Where are the workers? The only guy behind there is the guy cutting chicken, just looking at you. Right? Hes not trained on burrito building. And Im watching the people order… I mean, theres a sneeze glass there, right? But people always hook the arm over the glass: Ill have corn; Ill have more corn… Just say, corn. Its not soundproof. It goes right over the glass. Get your claw out of the salsa. And nobody talks to the Chipotle people. Theres no conversation that happens. They listen to the same shit eight hours a day, right? Just, steak… beans… cheese… gone! I never seen anything like this. Its like youre not even… Its like a robot. Chicken… peppers… lettuce… And the employees… All… day… long. And God forbid if you ask for guacamole… oh, my God… the whole store goes into a panic attack. They dont even know how to tell you its extra money, right? Youre, like, Put some guac on that…? Uh… Its $1.80 extra. Is that o… is that okay? Yeah… its okay. Most stressful job at Chipotle has to be wrapping these damn things, right? By the time the wrapper gets it, his employees have populated the burrito with so much ingredients, the guy cant even find the tortilla. He starts sweating. Hes, like, How am I gonna wrap this damn thing? Right? Its a workout. Hes gotta get down, gotta use some quads, a little core, start… tucking and fold… tuck and fold. It took me 23 minutes to get a burrito out of this place, huh? I felt, at the end of this, Chipotle owed me something. So I asked for a water; I filled it up with Coca-Cola. Huh? Least I could do. 23 minutes in line, I go to the Coca-Cola machine, and I stare at them while I fill, like this. Coca-Cola in the see-through glass… what are you gonna do? What are you gonna do about it? Its everywhere you go. Went to Best Buy looking for a TV. Salesman came out. He had one these eyeballs, one of these fucked-up eyeballs, looking into the kitchen area. Listen, if you got a fucked-up eyeball, and youre in sales, you gotta tell me that right off the bat, okay? You have to open with that: Listen, I know my eyeballs looking into DVDs right now. And I could say, Okay, what eyeball can I trust? Where do I need to be? What eyeball do you think is gonna start looking at the Samsung? Tell me; Im confused. I need an eyeball. But thats why I got my wife. My wife chills me out, all right? Shes from the South, shes Spanish, shes Jewish… who knew these people even existed, man? Spanish Jew from the South. I didnt even think the Jews went down there. But Italians and Jews… very similar, you know? People say same corporation, different division, all right? We get along… theres an obvious, you know, thing with the religion. I went to my first Passover dinner. Shes, like, My mothers gonna have Passover. Okay, well go to the dinner. 7:30, we sit down at her mothers house. Im starving, right? Starving. They start passing out pamphlets, like, reading material… Im, like, Whats going on? What are we doing here? Whats with the…? Shes, like, No, we read for two hours. Two hours?! I said, Listen, Im Italian. As soon as I sit at a table, I gotta have bread within 15 seconds of sitting down, all right? I need something to do with my right hand, I need a… Is there some oil coming out? We got oil? I need oil. Now. Hungry. And the food they start bringing out? Oh, God… terrible, terrible food. Jews have no idea what the hell theyre doing in the kitchen. These people have no cuisine. Celery, crackers, jam? Im, like, what is…? Were losing… people are leaving. We need food. After breakfast, they fall apart, the Jews. After a bagel, cream cheese, lox… where they going? They got nothin. The have nothing. Has anybody ever said to you, We went to this Jewish restaurant last night… The gefilte… amazing! I respect the Jews, but lets just have the Italians cater the Passover meal, all right? Come on! I could read for a couple of hours with some meatballs on the table. When I first met my wife, I had some secrets. Right? I couldnt share em. Everybodys got a secret in the room. Everybody… everybody here has a secret. Especially that lady. My secret? I couldnt digest dairy, okay? Something you cant share, first month of dating. You cant be out to dinner and go, Listen, I cant have any dessert, or Im gonna shit the bed tonight, all right? No, you just eat the dessert and you deal with the consequences later on. All right? Went back to her place, started to watch a movie. Halfway through the movie, the dairy starts dancing, right? I had to ask her, real cool… this is in the beginning, where you have to be cool with everything… Youre, like, Listen, you got a bathroom or something like that? I dont know why… you got a bathroom or something like that, or something? Something I could u… something I could use? Hoping she would say, Yeah, its down the hall to the right, and then you go outside. Shes, like, No, its just around the corner. You want me to pause the movie? I said, No, actually, could you, could you turn it up a little bit? I want to… Turn it up. I want to hear the acoustics in the bathroom. So I would lock the door, I would put the water on in the bathroom. Get some noise going. I later told her, right? I said, Yeah, I got a dairy problem. Shes, like, Dairy? I thought you had OCD. I thought you were constantly washing your hands. Washing my hands? I was farting into your towels. Anything to muffle the sound, just… Oh, God, I hope she doesnt wash her face with that. God, I cant go back out there. Its rancid. Its so rancid. But its fun. Its fun being married, sharing my life with a beautiful woman. All my friends got married when they were real, real young. In their early 20s, they all started families, start popping out kids. I was the last guy to get married, all right? So they were excited for the bachelor party. You know, married guys with kids, theyre looking for a prison break, right? The phone started ringing off the hook. We gotta plan your bachelor party. My buddies say, We gotta plan your bachelor party, or Im gonna fake my own death soon, all right? Im six weeks away… from starting a fruit stand in Nicaragua. I gotta… I gotta get out. So my buddies, they plan a Miami weekend. Go to Miami for the weekend. It happened to be urban weekend. It was Black Weekend in Miami. So we looked like four mozzarella sticks at the pool. My friends still think theyre in their 20s. My buddys like, Lets go to the pool. Lets start talking to some chicks. Im like, Steve? You have tits. Its over, Steven. You have a C-cup with a beautiful areola. No ones looking for that, Steven. But when youre in your 40s and you… go on a vacation, a lot different than when youre 20. When youre 20, you dont even carry a toiletry bag. Everythings loose. Just gel, hair spray, cologne. Just lives with your clothes. When youre 40, the toiletry bag becomes the focus of the trip. Its so big, when you unpack, you got to hang it. You hang it on the back of the door. You unzip it and it just unfolds. No more hair spray. Theres no more gel. Nobodys got hair. Its Propecia. Antidepressants. Stool softener. A therapy rubber band. My buddy had a bad shoulder. He brought his therapy rubber bands. He had to hook them up to the door. And he had to work out his shoulder before we went out. But we talked a lot on our trip. My buddys, uh, ex-military. Do we have any, uh, active-active military here? Any military people? Yeah? Where at? Front? U-Up top? Marine? Yeah? All right, give it up. Give it up for the, for the United States military. Love the military. My buddys got me into so many military-type shows. I cant stop watching this stuff. Its all I do. I go home after my shows. I watch SEALs, Special Ops, Rangers, documentaries. The bin Laden thing fascinated me. I wish I was on the hit. I wish I was there for that. Just on a SEALs back. Just like, Where we go? We found him? You got to be kidding me! Just how they conducted that raid with night goggles… vision… helicopters right over the house… 3:00 a.m., Pakistan. One of the, uh, one of the helicopters fell out of the sky. Guys were still in the air. They looked at it, said, Fuck it. Well still do it. Were here, right? They start coming out of the helicop… They surround the house. Bin Ladens people didnt know what was going on. They hadnt had company in 13 years. Now you got United States military all over the property. One guy came out of his bedroom in his underwear, eating some hummus. What is go…? They find bin Laden in his bedroom. Three girlfriends, a couple of wives. How does that happen? How… Whats the upside on being married to bin Laden? Where do you meet him? This guy didnt have a table at a nightclub in Pakistan. Right? Girls, they walk in. Oh, my… Binny, Binnys here! Hi, Binny! Hi… My buddy… being ex-military, hes ready for the end of the world, this guy. This guy has got a lot of weapons at the house. Got a compound bow and arrow. Now, if you dont know anything about a compound bow? The arrow travels at about 300 yards per second. Can take out a giraffe, no problem. Hes got this thing in the house. I go, John, what the hell you got this in the… in the house for? Hes like, You kidding me? Its for home invasion. Home invasion? Could you imagine the poor bastard that breaks into my buddys house? As a burglar, you cant even prepare for something like that. The burglar thinks nobodys home. He comes through a kitchen window. My buddy hears him. He gets out his bow and arrow. The burglars in the living room. He suspects nothing. Hes stealing valuables. Then out of nowhere… Do you know the mindfuck on this? The burglar has to process… I got an arrow hanging out of my chest right now. Did I break into an Apaches home? Are there Indians here? Is this a casino? You guys are great. Thank you so much for coming out. God bless you. Thank you. Thank you. So nice.

DAVE ATTELL@ROAD WORK@2014@[Cheers and applause] – you guys ready to meet your headline act? Let me hear you. [Cheers and applause] – holy. – Come on, people, a little noise here. [Cheers and applause] your headliner, ladies and gentlemen, is one of the best comics in the entire business. Please give me a warm, loud round of applause for the one and only Dave Attell, everybody. [Cheers and applause] clap your hands, everybody, for Dave Attell. Here he comes, everybody, Dave Attell, everybody. Come on, people. Clap it up for Dave Attell. Clap your hands. Dave Attell, everybody. Dave Attell. [Cheers and applause] – Thank you very much. Vinnie Brand, everybody. Give him a hand. Thank you so much. Its great to be here at the stress factory in New Jersey. Nice. And, uh, I need a cameraman, cause Im broke. So whos gonna help me out here? Miss, do you wanna do the camerawork? – Sure. – Okay, there you go. All right, I love it. And how about you, dude, everything good? There we go. Not that we dont trust you. We have another guy taping you. All right, this is like— this is like North Korea, I love it. Whats your story? We should know a little bit about the people behind the scenes here. What do you do? – I was a hairdresser. – Oh, here we go, all right. [Laughter] Oh, look, youre already doing your own sex tape. Can you wait? A camera goes on, she gets wet. Is that what it is here? I mean— here, here, here. Whoa. Wow. I was doing a show one time at this club, okay, right up front, a 12-year-old boy. Now what kind of parents—Cuban— bring a kid like that to see this filthy humor? Ridiculous. Good kid. Now hes playing for the Mets. Anyway—what? I give it to you guys. Its hard to watch me do my old shitty act in front of the worlds last phone or something. I mean, its not my fault Thomas Edison is from this town, and we all have to worship his magical device. Isnt it amazing how phones used to be this big? Look at that, right? Everythings smaller now: phones, dogs, dicks. Theyve all gotten tinier, but they do more. These jokes arent gonna be all this clean, all right? Its gonna be a filthy dirty mess of a show. It really is. [Cheers and applause] I know, some of you are into it, some of you arent. My dad used to beat me when I was a kid. And hed always go, Dave, I really dont wanna hit you, but this is the only thing that gets me hard. And you know what? Hey. Come on, its a joke. You know I dont know who my dad is. I have no idea. I was raised in a carnival. Keep it up here, all right? Just on the punch lines, just—yeah, like— heres something you rarely get to see, a gangbanger eating some strawberry shortcake. This is, like— is this a comedy club or a Dennys in two hours? Whats going on here? I love a filthy pedophile joke with a little piece of strawberry shortcake. All right, cause I am evil. [Laughter] you wanna switch? See, look, theres not much room on the stage here. This is great. This is like an MMA fight between two nerds. This is great. Ever do a bunch of mushrooms, think youre having a pillow fight, but it turns out to be a live baby? Has that ever happened to anybody? All right. Just feeling the crowd out. Seeing whos who here. Hello? Oh. Sorry. My career called, its dead. Um, sorry. Lets go back to the women here. Theres a lot of hot women here. All right, yeah. Where are the single women? None, theres no single women anymore. I dont blame em. I like when a womans on top. Cause when a womans on top, you know what your job is? Not to die. Thats all you have to do, just lay there. And you get a chance to weigh her. Yeah. Fuck all of you, thats funny. Now—Im not gonna wait for you guys anymore. I like when a womans on top. They call it cowgirl style. Yeah, some girls wear a cowboy hat as theyre doing that. Thats a little too much. A cowgirl hat during cowgirl sex is like a turban on a plane. It is totally— [chuckles] its legal, but Im not sleeping on that flight. Im not. I got one eye on you, zero dark thirty. Yeah. [Chuckles] how about reverse cowgirl? Thats when theyre facing away. Have you—yeah, I dont know who invented that, but they were ugly. Yeah, like, hey, Ill bang ya, I just dont wanna look at ya. I mean— you gotta believe in yourself as a dude, when your woman does that. Because, you know, it does look like shes getting up to leave. It really does look like, hey. If youre gonna go, bring back something to eat. So— [laughter] I watch all these reality shows. I guess my favorite would be this one called, uh, the pit boss. Its about a little guy. His name is shorty. And, uh, hes— you know, hes a midget. [Under breath] all right, hes a midget. All right. Dont worry, theres no midgets here, all right? It doesnt smell like cinnamon and, you know, confetti or nothing magical. Its just—you know. Its cool, all right? Anyway, he goes to jail for, like, ten years. Hes a little guy, okay. I dont know what that is in midget years. I guess maybe, like, 150,000 million years. I dont know. I was homeschooled. Gets out of jail, and now he rescues pit bulls. Which I think he thinks are horses. Im not exactly sure. Bang. Thats a joke, yeah. Hard-core. Thank you. [Laughter] I have never, ever seen a midget mail a letter. Have you guys— have you ever seen that? No. Evidently, the tall man does not want the little man communicating his recipes and spells and potions through the magical blue box. Let him mail a letter, huh. I dont even think they should have to use stamps, which they call paintings, cause, you know— they should be able to kiss the envelope, and it just gets wherever it needs to go. Santa. [Laughter] you guys are cool, youre laughing at that. Ive done that joke with a little person in the room. Theyre not that cool about it. Mostly, you know, cause I was drunk and I was doing this over his head. So, you know, god couldnt hear his prayers. And, um— they dont like the word midget. They dont like little people. What do they wanna be called? People, thats what they want. People, okay. If theyre people, then that bumps the rest of us up into being gods. And thats a lot of work. [Clears throat] they should worship us, or Ill make it light and dark in here with this magical cloud switch. Its a light switch, for those of you who have no idea what Im doing here. A light switch. [Laughter] to sum up, would I blow a midget? You know I would. Cause I know his dick tastes like toys. So, there you have it. Well be right back. [Chuckles] [drumming] – and now, ladies and gentlemen, put your hands together for mr. Dave attell. [Cheers and applause] – keep it going for em, everyone. The legends of polynesia. Come on, chicopee, mass, you can do it. Excellent work. Now thats the way to start a show. Am I right? Yeah. Now prepare to be bored to death for the next hour. Thank you, guys. All right, take it easy. – Thank you. – All right. Can you guys— really, get back in the shack, all right? Just get back in that shack. And the dude— put a bra on, all right? Really, got— its a family show here. Keep it going. Come on, guys. You remember that show lost. Give em a hand. [Cheers and applause] oh, Im not drinking my fantastical drink. Mmm. Mm. This is like, I dont know, getting a rim job from a unicorn. I cant even— – you have some on your chin. – I do? – Yeah, just a little. – Well, I hope he calls me tomorrow. [Laughter] that deserves just a little one. [Faint rimshot] just a little— a little something. [Laughs] I divide my life up into two parts, before honey boo boo and after honey boo boo. Now, for those of you who dont know who she is, I dont even know who she is. Where did she come from? I dont know. Did her mom deep throat a corn dog on a ferris wheel, and she popped out? Shes cute. But three years from now when shes a mother, its gonna be a lot— hello? Wow. Excuse me, Im just gonna step into a vietnam flashback for a minute. Ill be right back. [Chuckles] its a hot l.z. I need to get pulled out! [Chuckles] too family-oriented in here. I dont like it, I dont like it. I expected, like, drunk dudes, you know, just fuckin coming here cause they cant afford to go to a strip club. I mean, you know. – Take it off! – I went to a strip club. And you can always tell how good it is by the name. This one was called the double chin. Now that was not good. 10 Bucks to get in, 20 to get out. It was horrible. I went to one, it was a vegan strip club. Can you believe this? Vegans, yeah. I walk in, the girls are so weak, they cant even climb the pole. Theyre hanging on like koala bears. They were licking the pole for iron. It was so sad. [Laughter] one of the vegans says to me, you should go down on a vegan, we taste better. Oh, really? I can speak for every guy in here. As long as it doesnt taste like balls, its all right, really. Cause balls are disgusting, arent they? Wow. And they stink. Yeah, they do. All right, Ill speak for my balls. On my best day, my balls might smell like a foot, on my best day. And the sack, ugh. The sack, growing all the time. My sack looks like a tent no one knows how to fold up. Its just all over the place. [Laughter] and the penis is ugly, huh? Ew. Thats what they shouldve called it, ew. Have you ever seen a penis before and after sex? What happened? Before, its hard, full of jager and lies. Its got a plan. Its on a mission. [Laughter and cheering] it goes in, right? Three minutes, two if youre married, it comes popping out. Its all twisted, covered in goo, blinking or twitching. What is it doing down there? It looks like all the odd number rocky movies. Yeah, just defeated. [Laughter] thank you. My cameraman, dude. [Laughter] what the fuck? – Oh, my god! – Dude, youre my camera guy. – Get that phone down! – If this was cnn, we wouldve missed the whole arab spring, dude. Oh, now youre overdoing it. Oh, look at me, Im really trying now. Too late! Back to the sex jokes. Sex toys. Say what you want about em, but theres never been a recall. So wherever they make em, theyre making em pretty good. I think they make em in china, yeah. Little kids are making our sex toys. And I know its sick, but it does make it a little more erotic, knowing their little hands are all over em. Mmm. [Chuckles] [laughter] they got a double-headed dil— they got the double-headed dildo. What kind of phone is this? Back to work! Whats your favorite sex toy? Can I talk— can you get this, dude? Okay, good. Okay, so just for continuity, Im just gonna bring this tree with me, so— [laughter] miss, what— [exhales] whats your favorite sex toy? What do you like? – The celebrator. – The celebrator? Is he in town? Wow. [Chuckles] the celebrator— what is that? – It looks like a toothbrush. – I think youre being fooled. Thats an oral-b that youre putting in your hooch. [Laughter] you know what guys have now? The anywhere vagina. Have you ever seen this? – Pocket pussy? – A pocket pussy? Whoa. Is that the technical term? Okay. I call it living in my moms basement way too long. [All cheering] back me up on this. Its a vagina with a sticky on the back. And you lick it, and then you put it on the wall, and then you fuck it. Okay, its idiot-proof. What I like to do is buy a bunch, and leave em on hotel walls all over the country. Kind of a johnny appleseed of filth. [Laughs, coughs] sorry, guys. Thats what smokers call breathing. Oh, what happened? Oh, no. Scott, you knocked over my drink. Get a picture of that. Somewhere a clown fell down. You can tell, cause anytime you spill a daiquiri— [chuckles] look at that, wow. Careful, scott. Youre gonna knock over the fake palm tree. So, since you guys love filth, I think youre gonna appreciate this. Do you know what anal beads are? [Hushed laughter] excuse me, out front did it say, magic show? No, it didnt. It said, polynesians and filthy guy. Thats what it said. Anal beads, whats— what do you think is worse: more beads coming out than went in, or the missing bead? No man left behind. Thats how I was taught. It looks like a job for the rescue gerbil. Yes. That joke was— did everybody eat? I shouldve said that before that joke. Did everybody? Okay, good. – Minneapolis, acme comedy club. [Cheers and applause] yep. Wow, this is good. All right, Im doing this on a budget, so Im gonna need someone to help me be my cameraman. Who wants to do it? You wanna do it? – Sure. – There ya go. This guy looks great. Whats your name, sir? – Justin. – Whats it? – Justin. – Are you a fan of comedy? – Absolutely. – All right, Im gonna change that right now. All right. Thanks for coming down, guys. Its great to be here in minneapolis. You guys, this is the whitest town Ive ever seen in my life. Yes. If christian mingle was a place, it would be here, right here. But youre good people. You are the healthiest, nicest people. Youre, like, almost canadian. I really think— oh, it got a little ugly there, didnt it, huh? Everybody here is on a bicycle. Hmm, yeah. That is queer. I mean, everybody— I saw a guy today my age on a bike. That is just weird. You see a guy, an old man, on a bike like that, youre like, that dude has a dui. That guy is just a drunk. Hes a drunk. Look at him. I like booze. Im a booze guy. Justin, do you like booze? Yeah, there you go. I can tell. – Just a little bit. – Just a little bit? Theres nothing wrong with it. Whiskey is a great drink. Now whiskeys very classy and adult, till you shit your pants. But other than that, it is great. Now you think of whiskey, you think of, like, a sad old white man. Like, a guy like me in the rain, screaming the word, whore, at a house he used to own. Hey, whore. Are you enjoying that home, you whore? I built that deck! [Laughter] women drink whiskey now too, right? Whiskey drinkers, there you go. Women drink whiskey and they always class it up with a little diet coke. Why diet coke? Youre drinking whiskey, the wildest drink known to man. Are you really counting calories while youre drinking whiskey? Well, I dont know wanna look flabby two hours from now when Im tag-teaming truckers on a pool table. [Laughter] I dont wanna look all puffy as Im screaming the n-word at an eclipse. All right, sorry. That one wouldve killed in idaho. So— I like to hold the door open for a woman, cause I think thats very gentlemanly, yeah. But I only hold it open about this much. Yeah. And if you cant squeeze through, I will make pig noises till you do. Get in there. Get in there, hog, come on. Theres cheese in there. [Laughter] [clears throat] I guess what Im trying to say is I wanna have a family. Kids are great. Dogs are way better than kids, am I right? Yeah, wow. Cause you can shake a dog, and not go to jail. I think thats really good. Justin, youre good? You can move the camera around a little bit. Its all right. This isnt babys first steps or anything like that. I want it— I want it nasty, motherfucker. [Laughter] this is a progressive state. You guys just legalized gay marriage. You did it, yeah. Give yourselves a hand, yes. [Cheers and applause] I am for gay marriage, okay? Yeah, as long as theyre both the same race, I dont see anything wrong with it. [Laughter] no, cause every guys done something gay. Weve all had a gay moment. I know this, cause Im from the future. I know it. Whether its an uncle teaching you how to make a tie while youre both not wearing pants, huh? Hey. Or just wearing a scarf. Have you ever worn a scarf? Its a little fruity. Its a little fruity. Well, I gotta keep my throat warm, just in case theres a cock-sucking competition on balls-on-my-chin avenue. Oops. You good? That was excellent. That was like ice capades, synchronized. [Laughter] I do magazines. Anybody else? Yeah, magazines. Cause Im old, but I still masturbate. But I take an aspirin first. Anyway—for my heart. Did you guys know— theres young guys here. Did you know that porn was originally in magazine form, and before that it was puppets, and then it was just homeless guys who needed food. We just had em act out. Magazines are cool, because as youre masturbating, you also get to do this. Whoa. Im, like, a sophisticated pervert. [Chuckles] justin, what do you think, huh? Look at that, thumbs up from justin. I found a butt plug on a city bus one time. Can you believe that? Yeah. How do I know? Cause it fit perfectly. Come on, guys. Easy joke. Wow. [Laughter] anal bleaching— what do you guys think? No, as a baby name. Do you like it or no? Bang, bang, bang. This is great. We got some young guys here, right? Some warriors? Okay. If a girl says, put it in my ass, shes a dude. All right. A little something I learned in the scouts. Well be right back. – Whats up, philadelphia? Hows it going? Lets hear it, come on. Philadelphia. [Cheers and applause] look at you guys. Wow. I really need some help. Can somebody be my cameraman tonight? Who would— who would like to do it? Its gotta be somebody in the front row. You wanna do it? Okay, cool. Could you look more out of work, sir? I mean, really? Look at this guy. Here you go. Thank you so much. Whats your name? – Ill see ya. – Whoa! First time in eight shows, I love it. Whats your name, dude? – Paul. – I dont know why I gave the camera to paul. I shouldve given it to this sad-looking mumford & son guy over here. Worlds worst seat. Wheres your chick? You have no—no chick? – Waiting for the escort. – Yeah, youre waiting on an escort? Finally, the other guy Ive been meeting online. All right, dude. This is what my comedys about. Dont let this weird banner from game of thrones frighten you, okay? What are you drinking? – A yuengling. – A yueng— all right, philly, got it. All right, I got it. And then youre gonna go home and cry to boyz ii men? What are you gonna do? I mean, you dont have to philly it up all the time. Philadelphia. Lets look at the background here. This is definitely not philly, cause look at all that parking. And, um, theres no one running after me for my iphone, wearing a wig, so I dont see— you guys are very protective of your town. I dont blame you one bit. I dont blame you one bit. We need to legalize stuff here. Pot should be legal. I think everybody in this crowd— paul, right, pot? – Yes. – Are you a pot guy or no? – No. – Exactly, youre, like, at that age where, like, if I cant afford coke, Ill do nothing. Pot should be legal. Have you ever seen a pothead get arrested? Its a sad arrest, okay. They handcuff him. He has no idea whats going on. He thinks hes being shown a magic trick. He has nothing— no idea. What are the cops so afraid of? The guy is smoking pot, a silly, harmless drug. Its a vitamin in Baltimore. I dont even know— oh, watch out, hes smoking pot. He might have a long story with no ending on him. This guys a pothead. [Laughter and applause] Philly is a great town, but lets get right to it, okay? That cheesesteak is out of control. Im kind of a big guy myself, so I figure I can handle it. But as I get older, I realize I gotta plan the cheesesteak. Like, I can eat one, fine. But the next day, its anyones game. I dont know when its gonna come out, how its gonna come out, where its gonna come out. That is a hard dump, the cheesesteak dump. I mean, its not so much the steak, its that bukkake of whiz in there, okay? Just that, like, bang. [Chuckles] I mean, thats a bad dump. Its more of a hate crime than it is a dump. Its the kind of dump where you gotta flush, spray, and paint, okay? Its that kind of— hello? I got more. Its the kind of dump— its the kind of dump where if your dog walks in, hell back out like a cat. Thats the kind of dump. Yes. [Laughter] this is disgusting. This is inappropriate, I apologize. Lets pull it back a bit. Fisting. All right, fisting. Do we have people from other countries here? Im always curious to what— what they call fisting. Au bon pain, or the other— fencing without swords? What do you guys call it? I can speak for every woman in here. There is no romantic way to fist someone. Even if you were on a cruise ship, the sun is setting, you just had a delicious buffet, and now its vicious fisting. And as your man pulls out, in his dirty filthy palm, you notice an engagement ring. Youd be like— [laughter and applause] youd be like, why didnt you put it in my salad? Well, I kinda did. And then youd wink. You would wink. I know what it is, its incredibly hot. Let me—let me get this kmart fan on everybody. Is that what it is? Its a little hot down here. So, let me get this kmart— or as we call it up north, black macys. Let me get this fan on everybody. Could you get some? Paul, are you getting some? Is it blowing back the laughter? Is that what its doing? It does feel good, doesnt it? Oh, my god. You know what we should do tomorrow, early? – What? – Balloon rides, lets go. Has anyone been in a hot air balloon? That has gotta be the coolest, cause youre not really in the— pick a side, dude, I mean, really. [Chuckles] why do I pay him in red bulls and meth? I dont know what I was thinking. Scott. I am killing down here. Dude, high-five me on that one. Thank you. Are you having fun? [Laughter] I like how you guys laugh, but you look at me like theres an amber alert waiting to happen. So its, like, Im sorry, I apologize. Some of you are laughing, cause you see it as a joke and not a plan. So I think thats great. But theres always the one guy after the show who takes it a little too far. Like, oh, thats not cool, man. I was molested by a priest. Thats awkward, right? What am I supposed to say? Well, this is what I did say: you are a good-looking kid. I mean, you know— [laughter] you shouldve held out for a bishop. What can I tell ya? I mean, they come at ya diagonally. Anybody, chess? [Laughter] I give that joke three sanduskys. Im tellin ya— hey, come on! Its time. It is time. Paul, are you getting this? This is crazy action. How about you, the lord of no energy? Are you enjoying this? No? What jerry sandusky did was wrong. But I do wanna know one thing: were those kids playing better? Now, i— hear me out! I used to play a little ball in school. I know that wouldve put some of the hustle in me, if I knew my coach was gonna fuck me in the shower. Yes. Hey, attell, rub-a-dub-dub. Oh, shit. Huddle up, guys. [Laughter] relax. Theres no huddle in tennis. Now— youre laughing. Now I know its funny. [Laughter] – lets throw one out for the ladies. Now, is size important, ladies? – Yes. – Exactly. That was a little too quick. All right. But theres such a thing as too big, am I right? I mean, like, if its big enough— no? Who is this girl? [Laughs] who is this girl and how is she able to sit down? Thats what I wanna know. Like, lets say his dick was snow, and it was so big it could close a school. Would that be— [laughter] I did that one for the south jersey people. No? All right. Women are amazing, okay. Going down on a woman— does any guy know how to do this good? – No. – Who said that? Miss, how come youre not sitting up front, and this wall of hate is up here? [Laughter and applause] I dont know what Im doing down there. This is what I do, okay? Are you with me? This is what I do. I pretend Im in a bank robbery, yeah. I get low, I shake, and I just wait for instructions. Im like, mm-hmm. Mmm. [Laughter and applause] thank you. Youve been to a bank. You would have to go to a bank to understand that. [Cheers and applause] I assume women like when a guy does that, right? Heres a fun thing to do next time. Okay, next time your guy goes in that area. Do this, okay? Itll blow his mind. Come eventually. I mean, itll just— yeah, yeah. As a goof, just as a goof. Move around, blink, twitch, do something. I mean, really, I dont think a sex act should be longer than a civil war reenactment, but that one is. If you even yawn, Ill high-five your foot. Its over, were done. Were watching tv. Nice. [Laughter] but to be fair to women, cause this isnt pakistan, I gotta tell ya… [Laughter] you ladies are so smart. You figured out a way to a blow a guy without even blowing him. Look how quiet it got, cause you know Im right. No, theres a lot of licking going on and a lot of tugging, but very little sucking. Yeah, youve been there, right? Oh, look, daddy, Im licking it like an ice cream. What do you think? I think youre taking a break, thats what I think. Yeah, cause youre talking. Youre talking. Youre talking and thats, like, 90% of a blow job, is you cant talk. Youre just taking a break. If this was the blow job factory, youd be leaning on a broom, telling a story, while everybody else would be busy making blow jobs. We all know what a blow job looks like— back of the throat, cant breathe, cant talk, mascara dripping down your cheeks, like you just saw a clown hit by a truck. Thats a blow job. [Laughter and applause] [coughs] shit. Dont worry, its not airborne, whatever that was. All right. [Chuckles] I did a show one time— are you ready? Okay, youre a good crowd. I did a show one time for these special needs kids. Okay, yeah. It was a benefit, okay. I did a benefit for the special needs kids. And they were heckling me, okay? No, and it hurt. Cause unlike them, you know, I feel. And Ill tell ya— yeah, no. I know. I know they feel hot and cold, but Im talking the whole rainbow of feelings. All right? They were heckling me. Not like you guys, special heckles. And that— yeah, that is weird. The biggest one, right? I assume he was the leader, cause hes wearing all these medals, right? Like I said, this is not— not an appropriate joke. All right, the biggest one, he stands up and he starts pointing at me. And hes like, youre not candy. We want candy. Youre not candy. Hours later I talk to their handler, right? Im like, what? What is up with this candy, youre not candy thing? And shes like, well, either youre sweet and delicious, or youre not. And Im like, oh, youre one of em. So, once again, not for everybody. Okay. Hours later, or as they say this manys, were at—stay— just stay with me. Were at the aquarium, or as they call it, the sea zoo, you know, where— where the wet animals live. Were at— [laughter] Im so sorry. Were at the aquarium, and the specials are riding dolphins, okay? They got em in helmets. Theyre just throwing em in the dolphin tank, just throwing em in. Throwing em in like the dolphins gonna swim the special out of em. Just throwing em in. The dolphin isnt liking it. The specials arent liking it. Theyre all making— theyre all making the same noise. Theyre like, aah, aah, aah. Which means youre not candy in dolphin. Now, some of you are not laughing cause you have a soul. Others— others are like, what a waste of dolphin! Throw him in a baby pool with a wet dog, and tell em its a dolphin. The poor mans dolphin ride. You all right? There you go, its over. Wow, look at all that energy. [Cheers and applause] I knew a good old-fashioned special needs joke would get you guys going. – Lets get to the reason why were all here. Please welcome mr. Dave attell. [Cheers and applause] – all right, were here at one eyed jacks new orleans. All fun stuff was invented in new orleans. Jazz, huh? All: yeah! – Poker, craps, looting. You guys know what youre doing here. There you go. This one drunk. He knows what Im talking about. This member of the duck dynasty, coming and out of the— coming in and out of the bayous, trading ducks and gator skins for clean needles and baby wipes. I dont know what they do. I dont know whats going on here. [Laughter] oh, good, a switch. Now—this is tough. I watch a lot of porn. You guys watch porn, dont you? [Cheers and applause] girl-on-girl, do you know this type of genre of porn, this niche, girl-on-girl? Yeah, its when one girl has a drug problem and the other one needs to pay rent. And they just scissor until they break their dads heart. Its a— this porn star I know goes, you know, they dont come when they do that. Im like, well, I do, all right? So keep doing it. Won em back. [Laughter] the real hero in that joke is lubricant. Do you guys use lube? Probably not. You just rub a little jambalaya down on your holes and let it happen. What am I talking about lube in this town? Everythings fuckin lube here. – Whoo! – I think women enjoy lube, right? Ladies, huh? Your chick? Mr. Uncomfortable and his woman over here, right? [Laughter] I dont know what groupon deal you did to do this fuckin show, dude. You do not— all right, lube. When you pull out lube in a relationship, women are into it. Pull out, like, a two, three-gallon jug of lube, right? She gets that— get that look in her eyes. Wow, if he can afford lubricant, he probably can afford breakfast. This guy is great. I better put my teeth in, whoa. All: ohh! – Oh, fuckin just pull back your mullet and take it. Geez. Whats going on here? In the commercial for lube, they always show the fun pre-lubing, never that post, awkward lube clean-up, you know? Its just a total mess. Youre wearing a hazmat suit, your girls slipping on it, your dogs licking it, theres a thumbprint on the alarm clock. Oh. [Laughter] wow, the crowds rolling. Its rolling. Were on. Are you having a good time? Yeah, this is good, right? How about the—the row of guys who kinda look like me? You guys? Its like the three—the mount rushmore of fuckin lonely. Here we are, just bald. Theres something about flip flops in this town that I dont know if its either courageous or stupid. – Awesome! – How many puddles of vomit and urine and just discharge do you have to jump? Can I get a kahlua and cream and just a pot to boil my toes. Can I just—gonna go over to the voodoo shop and put some liniment on that now. Make yourself at home, man. Wow. Hes the first guy weve been taping ever. Hes the first guy who really made it his own. Did you get a lot of practice on that show cheaters? Theyre sending their security in now, man. [Crowd groaning] uh-oh. The crowd is going—somethings happening here. – You ruined everything! – Its a hostage situation. Well, hold his hand, help him down like a lady. Help down like a lady! What happened to the southern hospitality? [Mumbling] isnt that the saddest thing? Thats the most exciting fucking thing thats happened so far? Fuck. Dont drink and drive. Thats what Im saying, guys. Take a pedicab. Theyre out there right now. Thats the way to see a town. Slow, hot, with just a hint of slavery. I love it. When I get out, I dont tip em, I free them. Im like, keep running! Keep running till you hit maryland! Keep pedaling and pumping. This joke needs more cord! Help me out! Thank you. Fuck. Sounds like an episode of deadliest catch. Ugh. People want you to smoke the e-cigarette. Have you seen it? Yeah. I was smoking one of these things, people dont like that. I was smoking it, a woman walks in front of me, she starts coughing and waving her hand in front of her face. Why? Oh, she doesnt wanna get any science in her? Is that what it is? Oh, oh, secondhand new ideas. Oh! My hair smells like steven hawkings ball sack. – Oh! – Im just covering a fart. Go ahead. – Get louder! You gotta talk louder. – I—you cant hear me? Wow, way to kill a boner with that voice. Holy shit. The anti-viagra. [Drawls] hey, you comin in or what? This pussy isnt gonna eat itself. [Woman hollers] how about a hand for the guy thats gotta fuck that? How about that now? [Applause] you wanted a hard motherfucker, Im a hard motherfucker in this room! I was dating a girl with a lazy eye for a while. Mostly cause she was good at finding parking. But Ill tell ya— [laughter] Im the w— Im the worst comic. I am just horrible. – Handicapped! – Oh, youve never driven around with a cockeyed bitch? Well, this whore— this half-lizard, she could find a spot two clicks back. She was that good. But I never could pull a facial on her. No, she could see it coming two days ahead of time. Facials. Not many women are into it, but if god didnt want you to do it, why did he give you eyelids? All right? Scripture says! Women are into it, but then at the last second their dignity kicks in, now they turn away. Well, theres no pause on a dick. Now youre gonna catch one in the back of the head or as they call it up north a lincoln. Ill tell ya— [laughter] some girls—some girls use their teddy bear as a secret service agent to block the shot. No. You cant come on a teddy bear. Thats cajun bad luck. Jizz has no sound. Thats why guys add their own rough commentary to let the woman know that something that is not ice cream is about to hit her in the face. Its called being a gentleman all right? [Laughter] its always rough, dirty talk. Like, take it, you whore! Youre lovin this shit! Im dropping bombs. Im dropping bombs! Flappity flippity! Aw—youre adopted. Now. They dont mean that at all. But these guys—these guys are pornstars. They got multiple loads. Im an old man. My load looks like a homeless guy blowing his nose on the street. Its just— theres no glory to it. Its just a load, dribble, dribble, dribble, steam. Thats all it is. [Cheers and applause] we did it! Heres to you, man. Excellent work, scott. Thank you very much. I love you, new orleans. You guys are great. Thank you. [Cheers and applause]

WHITNEY CUMMINGS@I LOVE YOU@2014@Ladies and gentlemen, from the Barclay Theatre in Irvine, California, please welcome to the stage, Whitney Cummings. Love you. All bitches, come on! Thank you, guys, so much for coming out tonight, man. Its so good to be doing standup again. I took like a couple of years off. I was making a television show… You didnt fuckin watch it! You did not watch it, no you didnt. Cause if you had watched it, I wouldnt fucking be here right now. No. I would be here. This is my favorite thing to do in the world. It is so good to be back doing standup. The last couple years were kind of… interesting. I think the most intense thing that happened to me was I went through a really painful breakup, but Im glad it happened because actually I learned a lot. I feel like, you know what, I figured out why couples breakup. I think its this… I think couples break up because were all operating under different definitions of the word love. If you think about it, we say this word to each other, and I think it just makes us raise expectations. You know, I feel like if we were all to just agree on a universal definition of the word love, wed stop disappointing each other so much, you know? So to me, my definition of love is being willing to die for someone… that you yourself want to kill. Which is kind of confusing… like if someone were to break into my house and hold up a gun to the person I love, I would jump in front of the gun. Id go, Wait, no, stop! Let me do it! Dude, I am begging you! I also think in this culture we express love in a very twisted way. In this culture we show love by giving each other presents… jewelry and trips and stuff… and to me, thats not what loves about. Thats too easy, you know. For me love is about the way you treat a person on a daily basis when no one else is around. Little things, you know? Like if you love me, for example, the second sex is over, if I was on top, dont push me off you… as quickly as possible… If you love me, you will let me dismount with a little fucking dignity. You will let me dismount like the swan that I am. Thank you, sir. Or, if you were on top, by some fucking miracle… dont use my body as a pushing off point. When you get off, dont push off my face… to go check your phone. Its about respect. Love to me is about respect. Little things, you know. If you love me and were taking a shower together, dont pee. Why is that so confusing? Dont-dont make me stand in your piss… like a fucking asshole. Use your head. You know, if you love me, youll think ahead. Little things like if you love me and you buy me lingerie as a gift, dont buy me a small top and a medium bottom. Okay? If you love me, you will buy me a large top and a small bottom, and Ill exchange that shit on my own time. Love is just like dont be stupid. You know, little things. Like if you love me, let me wake up before you start having sex with me. Can I get some gum? Can you just give me a sec… This isnt prison. Im going to say yes. Have a little faith in yourself, you know? I also think that phrase I love you is tricky because I think when youre in a relationship for a long time, it starts to lose its value, you know. It starts to deteriorate. Like when you first say I love you, its such a big deal. You know, youre like I love you, but after awhile, youre just like Love you! Then after that, youre just like, You, too, and finally youre just like Fuck you! Love is dangerous, you know. Its a very dangerous thing we do. We give someone else the ability to hurt us. At any moment you could just get your heart broken, have your life ruined just like that, and I think that makes us all a little tense. I think were all a little on edge, you know. Love is so insane that when you hear about someone whos in love who does a terrible thing, you side with them. Like when I hear about a woman who killed her husband, the first thing I think Im like, well, what the fuck did he do? That poor woman! Love makes you think about things you never thought youd do before, you know? Like getting married. This last relationship I thought I was going to get married. For me, I never thought I was going to get married because I have all this divorce in my family, you know, but I also think that when you get older as a woman, marriage just becomes a little more appealing because marriage is set up for girls as an offer that you just cannot refuse, you know? If someone came up to me on the street randomly and marriage as an institution did not exist, and someone was just like, Excuse me maam. Hi, um, would you be interested in a beautiful diamond ring and a bunch of parties where your friends will buy you whatever the fuck you want? And then you get to move into somebody elses house and get on their health insurance plan… And then if they cheat on you, you get half their shit, no questions asked. Would you be interested in that? Yeah, man, yeah, yeah. How do I get all that shit? Well, you just have to have sex with the same man for the rest of your life. Ohhh. You know, fuck it. I have Tylenol PM. Lets do this shit. Where do I sign up? Its not that we love you. We just want shit, okay? Its the same thing with sex. Like we dont always have sex with you guys because we like want that dick. No! No! Okay? Half the time I have sex with a guy, its because it burns calories. Im like oh, God. I had that lasagna today… I dont have time to go to the gym, so… I should probably just fuck this guy. But I really go for it, you know. I wear a terrycloth headband and ankle weights. I get in there and… In this last relationship, I was going so insane that I started doing research to try to figure out what goes on chemically in your brain when youre in love. And I read this book called The Female Brain. Has anyone read this book? Ooh! One… dude? All right, what you got going on over here considering the fact that youre with a dude? Why would you need that book? I respect that. You just wanted to get a head start, just kind of figure it out. So youre just here alone? I respect that. Youre not going home alone… thats for sure. That books amazing, right? This book is all about the way womens brains are wired, and essentially it said that we have like millions of more emotions and hormones and like synapses that connect… basically, its a miracle that were not crying all the fucking time… which is a bummer because I feel like guys hate that, you know? You know, I feel like guys hate that women are so emotional and sensitive, right? You guys think women are crazy, right? Yes? Okay. All right. You think this is fun for me? You think I would ever choose this for myself? You think I enjoy crying every time Adele is on the radio? Thats embarrassing, okay. You think I enjoy Googling your ex-girlfriend three hours a day? You think I have that kind of time? You think I enjoy trying to guess every one of your security question answers? Oh, shit! What street did he grow up on? Its weird because thats all I hear from guys is that women are crazy. Women are so crazy. But I have tons of girlfriends, and I hang out with my girlfriends alone all the time, and when guys arent around, women are super cool, rational, logical, but then they start dating some dude, and they lose their mind. Women are not crazy… you guys fucking make us that way. Okay? Im just sayin, take your passwords off your fucking phones. Its just weird because I feel like being crazy and sensitive… like that doesnt have to be a negative thing. I think thats kind of an asset, you know? I think girls should be paranoid and hypervigilant and emotional because were responsible for raising helpless babies. Okay? We cant think like you guys. We cant be fucking sociopaths… or else babies would just die… all the time and our species would be extinct. Like if we felt like you guys, we would give birth to a baby, you know, take it home from the hospital if we even went to the hospital… because I dont need a doctor. Then we would like put it in the sink for a month. Just throw Doritos on it, every now and then spray it with Axe Body Spray… And when we were done with it, we would just like put it on Craigs List, like, ah, I can get a few bucks for that. I feel like you guys think that we like choose to be crazy, you know? Its an act of choice. Like I feel like you guys think that we wake up on any given morning and just decide were going to have a terrible day. I feel like you guys think we wake up and were like oh my God, Im going to have such a good day today. Im going to hang out with my boyfriend, were going to go hang out, see a movie… you know what? No. I have a better idea. Im going to wake up, feel fat for two hours… then get mad at my boyfriend because he said good morning in a weird tone… then Im going to break up with him in my head… Im not going to tell him we broke up. Its none of his fucking business whether were together or not. Then Im going to go spend $200 on jeans that dont fit… then Im going to go eat cucumbers with barbecue sauce on them… then Im going to get mad at him again because he suggested we see a Scarlett Johansson movie… what the fuck is that? Then Im going to go spend two hours online looking at wedding dresses. Not a great day for us, either, you know? I think its funny that guys are never called crazy because I feel like guys do things that are like, crazy, you know? But guys are never called crazy. Like, for a guy to get called crazy, hes got to be like… hes got to be like naked in an alley jerking off on a dead pigeon… singing bible hymns like Over the River… But even then were like, oh my God, that guy is homeless. That is so sad. Do you have a dollar? Give him a dollar. But for a girl to get called crazy, we just have to send you two text messages in a row. Shes fucking crazy, man. Shes fucking stalking me, bro. Shes obsessed with me, man. Im like I dont know, Im not crazy. Im just locked out of the house. Can you let me in the house? Im not stalking you. I live here. My house. We live together. Im not obsessed with you. I hate you, so… Guys are never called crazy, but I feel like guys do things that are actually crazy. Like things that would put you in an insane asylum. Like you guys will talk to athletes in the TV. You think they can fucking hear you. Thats literal schizophrenia. That is a mental illness. Like I was watching some of my guy friends a couple of months ago. They were watching a Giants game and they were talking to Eli Manning. They were having a conversation with this person. They were like, Eli, listen to me. Eli, listen to me. We have been through this, bro. Im like, bitch, youve not been through shit with him, man. He cannot hear you, and even if he could hear you, why would he take advice from you? You cant even get your Heinekens in the fucking garbage can. I feel like you guys watching sports should give you a little more sympathy for us because now you know what its like to yell at a man and have him completely ignore you. Every day is Sunday for us. You guys say the meanest things to these athletes, the meanest things. Like they were watching Tom Brady and they were like Tom Brady, you suck. Tom Brady sucks. I dont know that much about football, but Im pretty sure Tom Brady doesnt suck at football. Im pretty sure you suck. Im pretty sure all you suck at football. I just wish these athletes would stand up for themselves, you know, against these horrible things you say. I wish just one time Tom Brady would look directly into the camera and be like, Hey man, fuck you, I got this… I make 20 million dollars a year and you cant even do a fucking sit-up… Get off my dick, man. Thats where you guys get delusional about sports. Like I feel if we get delusional about like relationship stuff, but sports is where you guys kind of lose your mind. Like I have this guy friend who… he carries a football around in his car… like bitch, youre 50. No one wants to play football with you. Like to him its like… like its not over yet, you know. Like in his mind hes going to get a call… Like any minute hes getting a phone call. If the coach of the Giants doesnt call him like, Hey, man. Elis hurt… You still got that football in your car? Im trying to kind of take responsibility for my part in being crazy, you know? Im trying to be more mature in relationships, and I dont think that its just women who are biologically fixed to be crazy… I dont think thats it. I think theres a lot of socialization that messes us up, too. Like I realize I have incredibly high expectations for romance, and I dont even know where they come from. Like I realized recently when I get off a plane, I fully expect the guy that Im dating to be waiting for me at the airport, surprising me. What shitty movie did we see… You know what? I actually… I think it was Crocodile Dundee… I swear to God. Remember in the 90s all those guys were like just rushing to the airport? Because as an adult, today, I will fully get off a plane. I will go on the escalator and I will be like… Fucking asshole. Which is so unfair to you guys, you know? Because if you guys were to actually do that, it would be a complete disaster. If the guy I was dating showed up at the airport when I got off the plane, all tired and sticky and shit, Id be like, dude, what the fuck are you doing? Hed be like oh, I just, you know, wanted to come surprise you at the airport. Id be like, you drove to the airport? I drove to the airport. Now we have two cars at the fucking airport! What lot are you in? Youre in lot B? We have to take a bus to your lot? Oh, you piece of shit! Thats crazy, you know, but I think there are a lot of things that contribute to us being a little irritable, you know? I think that part of girls being crazy is the fact that being a female is just so frustrating. Like theres so much work we have to do, theres so much maintenance that goes into it, and most of what we do is to make you guys think were attractive, so were resentful, you know. I feel like by 9 AM we already hate you. Okay? Because of all this shit we have to do from 8 to 9 AM to make you think were fuckin pretty. Like do you know the kind of shit that goes on in your bathroom, sir? You dont know. Youre wearing shorts. And what are those… are those Crocs? Oh my God, white people are so embarrassing. Unbelievable! And she… you dont understand the kind of stuff that goes on in the bathroom. Shes working hard and youre wearing… your pajamas. This is unbelievable. Do you realize the things that we do? We spray aerosol. We inhale aerosol every day. Okay? Then we put on makeup which is just chemicals and poison… then we put on perfume which is pure alcohol. Its not that we bitchy… were just high… most of the time. Bitches are just lit up everywhere. Have you ever seen a girl put on perfume. Shes like eh, eh, eh… Ah-h-h. Okay, lets go. Where we going? The torture we put ourselves through… its just annoying, you know? Like do you know what eyeliner is, sir? Do you have any idea? A little bit. A little bit, little bit, little bit. Sorry, I cant stop looking at your scrotum. Unbelievable! Eyeliner… no idea. Just based on the word eye…liner. Zero? Nothing. Zip. Guys dont even know. Do you have any idea, sir? – I can take a hint. – You can take a hint. Okay, lets see. You apply it to your eye. See, this is… hes my worst nightmare. This is my worst nightmare. This is literal guy. This is the guy who in a fight, he just sticks to the facts. To win… hes the guy whos like, No, no, no I didnt say you were a bitch. I said you were being a bitch. And youre like, okay, I got to go regroup… Ill be right back. Does any guy know how eyeliner is applied? This amazes me. The guy has no idea. With a brush. With a brush… no! Thats another masochistic thing we do. Thats eye shadow… its applied with a brush. The point of eye shadow is to make us look like we have black eyes, so why dont you take a good hard look at yourself and why you think thats attractive, sickos. I cant do eye shadow myself. Its actually difficult to do. I just have to be like baby, can you punch me in the face? Im going to work. Eyeliner… nothing. This is amazing to me. Eyeliner. Whats that? Do you know how? With a pen? No! What else, whats close to pen? – A pencil. – Pencil! Doesnt that sound a little fucking dangerous to anybody else? Were putting pencils in our eyeballs. Like I think the first thing you learn as a child is do not get a pencil near your eye… until you become an adult woman… in which case we want you to put it inside your eyeball every morning. We know youre probably going to do it while youre driving. We dont care… only way to get a man to like you. I was worried that it was taking some kind of toll on our eyesight, like collectively as women, you know. I feel like putting ink and pencils and dye… this has got to be bad for our vision. You know, sometimes women see shit thats just not fucking there. I think theres a correlation. I used to always accuse my ex of checking out hot chicks in front of me. Hed be like what chicks… I dont see any chicks. Id be like I dont know, motherfucker. I dont have any peripheral vision anymore, from all this eyeliner. I see hot chicks everywhere. So much suffering. Theres so much pain involved in being a girl, you know? I dont think women are weak. I think women are too strong because we just endure it. We just take it and dont complain about it, but I do think that it manifests in other ways. Like next time youre talking to a girl and you think shes acting like shitty or unreasonable, just remember that shes got a polyester string in her asshole. Yeah, shes probably a little stressed out, okay? Were all a little on edge, and I think thats probably why. A guy will be like whats up your ass? Im like uh-h-h. I can tell you right now, its a polyester string I paid $35 for. That I cant even put in the fucking dryer. Do you have a question? I cant do a lot of it, you know. I cant do high heels. I cannot do high heels because I feel like it makes me shitty. I get in a bad mood when Im wearing high heels, you know. Its just so weird to me. Some of you guys are here with girls tonight whose feet are bleeding. But youre not doing anything about it. Its not even weird… youre not getting them a Band-Aid, nothing. Its just accepted that we like limp around, you know. I also dont like it because I feel like when I do, the guy that Im with will get mad at me for wearing heels, you know? Hell go why are you wearing those high-heeled shoes? Its going to ruin our whole night because youre going to be complaining the entire time about your feet hurting and Im going to have to go get the car and pull the car around. Like um, hey bro, Im wearing heels so that you want to fuck me. Because if I dont, youre going to leave me for someone who does. Ive seen porn, and none of those bitches are wearing Aerosoles. Just go get the car. Like Im always trying to look good for guys and its always backfiring on me, you know? Like when Im taking too long in the bathroom… youre taking forever in the bathroom. Were going to miss our reservation. Im like Im sorry… Im just in here trying to make you think Im pretty. Im not in a huge rush to get to the restaurant. Its not like I can eat anything once we get there anyway. Im fucking starving to death. I havent had bread since 95, so just be cool, man. Then we get in trouble for that. Why are you always on a diet? Youre always on a diet. Im on a diet because Im trying to get the body of the women you jerk off to after I fall asleep. Its not just that I love lettuce. Okay? I dont love lettuce. What is the confusion. Its always something, man. Why are you always cold? Why are you always cold? Youre always cold. Im cold because I lasered my entire body… so that you would think Im soft, you fucking pedophile. Unbelievable! Actually, theres a lot of stuff you guys dont know. You know theres a lot of stuff you guys dont know and I feel like if you knew about it, youd be a little less frustrated with us, you know? Like theres so much stuff you guys dont know. Like you guys dont know about the voices. No one told you about that shit, huh? You think its bad when our mouths are moving… no, thats the best case scenario. Its when our mouths are shut that you need to be concerned. Because that means were fucking thinking. Thats when all the problems start. Because I feel like in this culture girls are taught to be so self-critical. You know, we compare ourselves to such an impossible physical ideal that were always judging ourselves. You know, Im so insecure at this point I just have this constant inner monologue saying the meanest shit to me all the time. Its just like, Hey, Whitney, your thighs are touching… You probably shouldnt have had that cheese last night, you fuckin pig. You havent gone to the gym yet today… thats an interesting choice. I guess youre just going to die alone. Even if a man does marry you, youre so loud hes going to leave you for an Asian girl. Just the meanest stuff, constantly. But I feel like guys dont have that same insecurity, you know? Obviously. I dont think guys are self-critical like that. I feel like guys doing a monologue is totally different. I feel like guys doing a monologue are like, Whats up, bro? Looking awesome! Really killing it today, per usual. Dude, I dont think you need to shave today… that weird black hair growing out of your back looks cool. Dude, do not shave your face. Fuck your girlfriend and her bloody chin. Fuck her! Dude, Im thinking you should wear those awesome cargo shorts again today. With socks and sandals. Must be nice. Must be nice to like yourselves. I feel like I spend so much time trying to figure out what guys are thinking about, you know? Thats like our favorite thing to do as girls, right… ask guys what theyre thinking, you know? Hey babe, what are you thinking about…  its always the same shit, right? Nothin. Like we got to stop doing that. That has never gone well for any girl. Like no girl in the history of time was ever like Hey babe, what are you thinking about… And the guy was like, Well… …Im glad you asked. I was just thinking about how young you look and how much I love monogamy. Can we talk about it? No, its always the same shit, right? Nothin. But, you know what… Ive finally come to terms with the fact that I think guys really do think about fuckin nothing. Like I feel like guys drive down the street and this is pretty much what goes on in your mind. Driving down the street just in your car… Tree. Tree. Damn, shes got big tits. But then thats pretty much it. Right? If theres no emotion, its just like thing, thing, stuff, thing, thing, stuff, thing. But for me to drive down that same street, nightmare. Stress. Memories, emotions, triggering. So much drama. For me to drive down that same street, its like, Oh my God, look at that tree. My ex-boyfriend had a tree in his yard. Oh my God! I miss him so much. Oh, look at that tree. That trees thinner than me. What the fuck… I hate trees. Well, whos this bitch with the big tits? And thats just to get to Rite-Aid. Its just a saga. You know, I was explaining this to a guy friend of mine. I was explaining this to a guy friend of mine and I was just telling him, you know, that I think that being a girl is just more of a challenge sometimes because we have more to think about, you know. We have to worry about all this superficial stuff… our, you know, nails getting done, our hair, our clothes and matching and purses and stuff. Hes like Yeah, yeah, but thats not our fault. Thats not our fault because women dont dress for men. Women dress for other women. Does anyone fuck… I will fight you right now… All of you. Women do not dress for other women. Thats such a ridiculous philosophy. Look, Ive never been getting ready putting on a miniskirt like yeah, my waitress tonight is going to love this. Like, no, women do not dress for other women and I know this because I have girls nights in my house. And when girls are alone and no guys are around, we look like sea creatures. Okay? It looks like a pirate ship crashed into my house. Okay? We all got dreadlocks, were wearing slankets around, pajama jeans, all our leg hairs just in corn rows. We have our dicks hanging out. If a girl comes over with makeup on, Im like, Bitch, go wash your face. Whose team are you on? I do think this idea, though, is kind of at the root of the philosophy that people think that women dont like other women. I think that happens because when were super dressed up to impress a guy and we see each other, we avoid each other because were so embarrassed of all the pathetic, desperate shit were doing to impress a dude. You know, like when Im super dressed up in a push-up bra and a mini dress and heels and I see a group of girls, Im not like, Whats up, bitches? I dont think youre ready for this jelly. No! When I see a group of girls, Im so humiliated at all the dumb, slutty shit Im doing, Im like, Oh God, hi. Um… I know this is bad. Its just that hes really shallow and um, Im in my 30s now, so Ive got to make a move, you know what I mean… and hes got a 401k… you get it. I dont like that idea that women dont like other women. I dont think thats true. I just think that women support other women when it really counts. You know, we come in and have each others back when it really counts… like when we go to the bathroom together. You want to know whats going on in there? Theres one girl having a bad night, a bunch of bitches who have never met each other in their lives are like soldiers at war, nursing each others wounds. One girl is on the floor… Im like, all right, pull those Spanx up. Somebody get a Band-Aid for that blister. Someone… her eyebrow just melted off… gotta get a Sharpie to draw that shit back on. All right, someone get some Super Glue for those eye lashes. Her hair extensions just fell out… someone get a stapler to staple that horsehair back on her head. Now, bitch, you wipe the tears off your tits and you listen to me right now. Youre going to go back out there, put a smile on your face and pretend hes interesting. Go! Thank you! I dont like that at all. I think when women are nasty with other women, its much more subtle, like its much more insidious, you know. Like I have this girlfriend, every time I see her, shed be like, Hey, hooker. s up, slut? Which thats never going to feel good, you know? But to me its just a reminder that I think we need to stop using the word hooker as a pejorative term. I have a lot of respect for hookers. I think they work very hard and they do a lot of the jobs that we dont want to fucking do. They are cleaning up a lot of messes out there. They are American heroes. I also think hookers look at us like were the idiots, you know? They look at us and theyre like, Those bitches are having sex for free? What a bunch of fuckin whores. So silly. I dont know, man. I feel like when I was trying to figure out what guys were thinking about, I came across some stuff that was just too discouraging, you know. Like I came across an article that said that guys think about sex at least every five minutes. Was that like disturbing, right? Like you guys are responsible for like really important shit like wars and bombs, and you guys cant focus for five fucking minutes… Like important men are thinking about sex every five minutes which is like Barack Obama thinks about sex every five minutes which probably explains why hes always stuttering during his fucking speeches. Its like, dude, get your shit together, man, you know? But youll see it happen. Youll see him giving a speech and youll see that five-minute mark hit. Youll see sex enter his mind. Hell be like, Were going to go into Afghanistan and were going to discuss the… um, were going to, ah, were going to get on the, uh, Dude, I just saw that, man. You were just thinking about titties… Afghan titties. I saw it happen. Its just concerning to me. I feel like there are a lot of jobs where you guys probably need to focus, right? Like heart surgeons think about sex every five minutes and heart surgeries are like five hours long, so thats like 60 times. Like you know heart surgeons are just sitting there looking at an open heart like yeah, Id put my dick in that. I said it. Its kind of weird, though, that guys think about sex. Like weve accepted it so much as a society now. You know, its so institutionalized. Weve embraced it, you know. Like theres just a restaurant called Hooters… thats just a restaurant. Whereas there would never be a restaurant like that for women, you know, called like Dongs. Where all the waiters were like in Speedos and shit because that would be a disgusting fucking restaurant. Nobody would ever eat there. We do not want to see your flaccid dicks in spandex… I gotta be honest. It looks like a hamster stuck in a water balloon. No. No. So its like some weird shitake mushroom coming out… Its always going up like a snorkel. Like why is it up? Get it down there! Its always like on one side, all mis… why is it so misallocated? Disgusting. Like if there was going to be a restaurant like that for women where the waiters were dressed up to arouse the women eating there, they would not be in Speedos, okay? Theyd be wearing suits, carrying briefcases, holding up their perfect credit reports. Like I feel like girls dont need like sex while were doing our jobs, you know. Right? Like you would never turn on the Cooking Channel and see like a bunch of shirtless dudes like yeah, girl, ooh, yeah, yeah. Just put that butter on the pan, girl. Just get it in the roast. I just realized I dont know anything about cooking. Did you see the wheels just turning there? Like it wasnt even clo… Roast? No one does a roast anymore. Im going to work on that. You guys just need sex all the time. Like in completely nonsexual situations, guys need sex, you know. Like sports, perfect example. Football. You guys are watching football and youve got these amazing athletes on the field doing amazing things, incredible. Theyre flying, theyre doing phenomenal things. Not enough for you. You still need whores around the perimeter… of the field. God forbid thered be two seconds without a tit in the background of something youre watching. Cheerleaders crack me up, man. So funny to me because thats so obviously a guys idea, you know. Like a guy obviously thought of that because the cheerleaders still cheer even when their team is fucking losing… they cheer. No real women would ever act like that. If her man was out on the field for five hours on a Sunday bombing, she wouldnt be like go, baby, go, go. Shed be like Jason, were leaving. First of all, youre embarrassing me, okay? Second of all, Im freezing cold, I have to pee, and Target closes in 20 minutes. Wrap it up. I think I figured out why guys like sex more. I think its biological. I think its because sex is so much better for guys. You know, its so much easier. Like for a guy… sex is better for guys because its so much easier for you guys to have an orgasm. You know, like for a guy to have an orgasm, its just like… its like you just… Pretty much all that has to happen is you just have to kind of walk into something or… There has to be like a drizzle out, you know. Which, by the way, I have narrowed down mens orgasms to three basic categories. Like theres three basic ones… The first one is like you just got shot in the back with an arrow… The second one is like youre puking… And the third one is a rare one, but its for the guys that are like secretly psychos and they hate women and itll come out like right at the finish line, you know, like out of nowhere. Theyll be like yeah, I love you, I need you, yeah. Shut up, you dumb whore! Im like, oh no! I thought we were in love. You know for a woman to have an orgasm it is so hard… it is so hard to have an orgasm. Its… I cannot wait to have one. I hear theyre great. I mean seriously, for a girl to have an orgasm, youve got to be like… youve got to be like focused. You have to be like emotionally connected. Youve got to be relaxed. Youve got to be in great shape, and it makes it even harder because you guys watch porn and you think that the porn stars are having orgasms, but theyre all faking it and they make it look so fucking easy. Like porn stars will be just like Ooh, Im coming, Im coming, Im coming. Thats nothing. Thats shes coming down from a meth binge. Nothings happening to her. I cant compete with that, you know. Like if your girl is having an orgasm, shes not going ooh, Im coming, Im coming. If your girl is having an orgasm, shes going Do not fucking move! I swear to God, I will fucking kill you. Bastard! Slower. Tell me you love me… you better fucking mean it this time! Kiss me on the mouth, goddamnit! Pull my hair, not the extensions! Shut up, you dumb whore! Seriously, for me to have an orgasm, like my right leg has to be behind my left shoulder… Like youve got a charleyhorse in your ass, you know. You got those crazy bloodshot eyes going, veins in our foreheads. Our foreheads look like your dicks… just veins… I know its not easy for you guys, either. Now you guys have to like do so much work. You guys have to hit the same spot like 500 times, you know. Thats why I like to be helpful during sex, you know. Thats why I treat sex like the game Operation. If the guy misses, Im just like… I used to be very against porn, you know. I thought it was bad for women and like degrading and shit, but now I kind of like it. Uh, because you know why… because I watched it, and when I watched it, I learned so much stuff that I had to be kind of grateful for it. I learned watching porn that the girls in porn theyll request to the man where they want him to finish which I didnt know that was an option. See, nobody told me that we had a vote in that. Ive just been taking whatever shots have been coming at me… since 1998… I dont know. I feel like Ive been storming the shores of Normandy… Thats a history joke. I dont know. Now that I know thats an option… to request where youd want the man to finish… Im Im ready. Now Ive got some ideas. Maybe like, yeah, I really want you to come… In the bathroom? You just want to time that out… whatever youve got to do to just… In the sink! I like the big one, though. The big one in porn is the coming on the face. Thats the big one, right? Yeah. Lets talk about it. Like I really think that as a society we kind of need to discuss why we like this so much, you know, and why you guys think that we like love it. Like who told you that we like need it? No, nobody ever wants this to happen to them. If a girl asks you to come on her face, its because she thinks youre going to breakup with her. Always buys you at least another month or so. My problem with it is like the second its over. You know, I try to be fun. You know while its happening I can get into it, you know, because while its happening you can be like yeah, yeah, yeah, ooh, yeah. Look at us. Yeah, hit me, hit me. Yeah, ooh, yeah. We are so crazy. We are wild and crazy… Can I get like a towel or something? Or maybe like a baby wipe or some… or maybe like a pick ax because now its turned to stone. I cant open my fucking eyes. Hes not going to help you. Hes too busy taking photos to send his friends. You guys are animals. But I get why guys watch porn. I get it now because its so obvious. Its just that naked women are hot. All naked women are hot. You know, theres so much to look at, yeah. Its disgusting of you. Youre with a date, man. Thats going to be a fight. But, right? All boobs and butts… they all look amazing, you know? Thats why you guys watch porn. Girls dont watch porn as much because naked guys… uck! Such a bummer, you know. Its just such a… this whole Wes Craven situation you got going on… its just disgusting, you know. Its a lot… its a lot to take. Because like when a dick comes on the screen, were not like yeah, Look at that dick. Yeah, I want that dick. No. When a dick comes on the screen, were like, Oh, theres a dick. Whats it doing? Whats the dick doing? Does it see me? Does the dick see me? Like theres just nothing attractive about it, you know. Like dicks are so ugly… that the second you guys are born, someone has to cut some of it off. To make it even somewhat presentable to society. You guys love your dicks though, man, you love them. Youre going yeah! Dicks! You guys walk around, you lead with it. Lead with it, just walking around, just letting it go. Yeah, just loving my dick. You know when you guys are alone, youre just like… You guys walk around so proud of it. You guys walk around like you got a first place trophy in-between your legs. I got news for you… it doesnt look like a first place trophy. Looks like an old yam. Have you seen it? Have you… you know what… no, you havent seen it because your hand is always on it. Youve never actually seen it before. Always touchin it. Always touchin it, touchin it, touchin it. What do you… what are you do… Are you cleaning it off, like are you trying to get three wishes out of it? Leave it alone. Just let it just dry off. You know what that means, right? Youre always touching your dicks. You know what that means… you got dick on your hands… all of you. You have dick, dick, dick, dick, dicking hands. All of you. You see guys know that. Guys are in on it. Thats why guys are always giving each other the fist pump. They know, you know. Did you ever see two guys walk towards each other? Like hey man, whats up, man? Yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah, yeah. Ive been touching my dick today, too, man. Yeah, we both got dicks. We got dicks. Like thats like your whole day. Just like eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, eh. Thats the trick. That is the trick of dating is that when you get back out there, youve got to see all these new dicks, you know? I know, its a lot. Like when you live with someone for a while or youre married, you get used to their dick, you know? Its like it grows on you. Its like a basset hound… like its ugly but its yours. You know. Itll come over and like hey, what are you doing? Youre like hi, dick, whats u-up? Do you want to hang out? No, not really. But when youre single, man, youve got to see all these new dicks. You know, youve got to, youve got to really get in there, you know. But the problem is when you see a new dick because every new dick is a whole new set of WebMD searches. You know. Youve got to inspect the new ones. Youve got to make sure everythings legit. Youve got to make sure everythings, you know, safe. You know, but the problem is when you get that close to a dick, youre that close to a dick. You know what happens when youre that close to a dick. Yeah. Youve got to put that thing in your mouth. And its not because we want to… its because something happens when a womans face is within like a foot of a mans dick where a hand will come down… And you cant get out… it moves with you. Oh shit! Fine! That is so rude! Man, I dont mean to be mean about it… I just feel like you guys dont see it from our perspective, you know. You dont see what we see. You know, weve got to see this super weird transformation happen that is so creepy, you know. Heres the thing… anything that changes in shape, size, and color without your permission is a little fucking weird. You know. Like from our point of view, it is terrifying. Like this is what it looks like from our point of view, just so you guys know. Okay, itll start out just hanging, chilling. Youre touchin it, touchin it. Then youre like… itll hear like a noise or… Um? Would you like to play? I love you guys. Thank you so much for coming down for the show, everybody. Thank you. I just want to say I really appreciate you guys coming out. Standup is my favorite thing to do in the world and I do it for you guys. So, thank you so much for supporting me. I love you very much. Bye, everybody.

PAUL MOONEY@A PIECE OF MY MIND - GODBLESS AMERICA@2014@Let me see if I could go down some of these credits cause well be here for two days if I do them all. Lets see. Of course, hes a writer for the great Richard Pryor, the Saturday Night Live. Also, he wrote for Red Fox, Sanford and Son, Good Times, Which Way Is Up, Bustin Moves, Hollywood Shuffles. He played Sam Cooke in the Buddy Holly Story. He also wrote for Foxs In Living Color, created the character Homie Da Clown. Okay, lets move on over to Chapelle Show. I told you wed be here for two days. The Godfather of Comedy, Paul Mooney, hanging out with us in the studios. Hes been in here before, so he knows how it goes down. Hes performing at the Cobb Energy Performing Arts Center. Mr. Mooney, its always an honor to see you. We appreciate you stopping by. – Arent you going to tell them what time, and where to get the tickets? Yeah, well get to that. We got time. – Are you sure? So this is of course, the Godfather of Comedy, for sure, for sure, Paul Mooney. So this is going to be a historic event. – Hey, yall! My name is Chucky Jenkins, and were on the red carpet at the Paul Mooney, Godfather of Comedy taping. Godfather of comedy, man. Thats the man behind a lot of the Gs. Come on, why not go and study one of the greats, man? – We got the Kings of Comedy, but we about to watch the Godfather. Paul Mooney, man. Hes definitely the greatest. Hes a legend in comedy, I mean. I just came down to show my support. Definitely a blessing and a pleasure to be here and be apart of this event, man. Paul Mooney, is big. I love having him on the radio show, and I support him 110 percent. So tell us what brought you out to the Paul Mooney Show? Well you know, Ive always been a fan of Paul Mooney. I think hes hilarious. – We were driving by and we saw, Hey, Paul Mooneys going to be here! We said were going to have a little date, tonight. Im honored to be here to see this brother do his thing and throw down. Hes a master, and I just love him. Ladies and gentlemen, show your love, give it up for the Godfather of comedy, Paul Mooney! Thats yours. Its you big man. You yeah, cause youre the only one that got that head big enough to wear it, like mine. No, Im just giving that to you, so you keep that. Itll be worth something, and Im serious. Cause I done been there. I done seen them all die. Itll be worth something. Hold on to it. I want to get right to it because… White folks, yall have went crazy. Do you believe the things that come out of white peoples mouth? Its like this exorcism, like theyre possessed. Saying wild shit. Is it Beck? Whats the white mans name at the White House? He doesnt want us to have Martin Luther King. You dont own Martin Luther King. Did you hear him? We didnt own Abraham Lincoln. We know you didnt own him because he was black. We owned him. We know our own people. Thats why they put him on that penny. They didnt think he was worth a god damn. The Indians said it best. You cannot hide your blood from your people. Dont want us to have nothing! We dont try to take nothin. White folks, we dont try to take nothing of yours. Why do they try to take our stuff? We dont try to take nothin! We didnt try to take Elvis. We didnt try to take Joan of Arc. We didnt try to take Helen of Troy. We dont mess with their shit! We do not fuck with they shit. Do we fuck with they shit? Come on, be real! We dont try to take they shit! They always trying to take our shit and recycle it, and say its theirs. American Idol, its so English. Its so brilliant, American Idol. American Idol is the Apollo with white judges. Keep this shit real! But always trying to take our stuff. Aint that a trip? We just loved us some Tina Turner, remember? They took her. Remember Lionel Richie? We loved him! They took him! They take our shit! I aint bullshittin! If Im lying, correct me. They took James Brown. Oh, they gave him back. They took O.J. They gave him back! Anything we like, they take! Remember the Cookie man? They took them god damn cookies! Remember Essence? White folks own it. See? The Apollo, white folks own it. BET, almost black television, white folks own it. All weve go left is Jet. And, Im worried about em. White folks, Im just being open with you. Dont look crazy. Im being open! Im the best black friend you can have. Im telling you the god damn truth. Stop taking our shit! Cant we have something? They dont want us to have a headache. Take these aspirin! You cant have no god damn headache! Im just bringing it real! Im putting it on the table. How come white folks, you got to explain this to me. How come whats on us is ugly, but when its on you, its cute? Look at this black woman, beautiful, big, full, yours too, full, black, lips, look full on you. You bangy bitch. On the white lady, Ethnic, the look, full, sexy. Aint that deep? Look at your black skin. Beautiful, black skin. On you, Oh, black thing. On the white lady, Your tan is gorgeous. Your cornrows on you. You little pickaninny. On Bo Derek, A 10. Aint this shit some shit? I aint making it up. Ugly on us and cute on them. Your big, full, bangy, butt. Your big, african ass. Ol big ol af… You bangy bitch! White girls, sexy, full. That a bitch? What if weve been killed on the freeway and white folks come by, Ill take those lips. Its a damn shame. Weve got to fight back. Weve got to stick with our shit. Weve got to stick with our beauty. They cant tell us whats pretty. We know what pretty is! Everybody then went crazy. They taking all our folks to jail. They taking them all to jail. I say to you black people that been in jail, or going to jail, dont be shamed. Dont be shamed. Thats where they took Jesus. They took him straight to jail. Thats where they took Martin Luther King. They took him straight to jail. Malcom X, they took him. Youve got good company. You get in jail, be proud! Just me and Jesus! Taking everything from us! Im telling yall black folks, we got to get back. Weve got to pray cause they taking everything. You know prayer is strong. Weve got to pray! Got to pray cause they taking shit! Whos that little, skinny, white girl with big lips? She live with Brad Pitt. Angelina! Salt. That bitch is getting ready to play Salt and Pepper. I cant make it up! They have just picked her to play Cleopatra. She is the third white woman. First, it was Claudette Colbert. Then, it was Elizabeth Taylor. Now, its her. The third white woman. White folks, yall ought to be ashamed of yourself telling that lie. Cleopatra was black. She was black as Cicely. She was black as Cicely Tyson! She was black! Cleopatra V, she was black. Egyptian. Thats in Africa. Thats not some small village in Sweden. Here daddy was nubian. You keep telling that Greek lie. She was half Greek. Thats a lie. She married a Greek for power. She killed him. She never even fucked him. She was a bad, black, bitch, bad. An arrogant. Her daddy was nubian and proud. She only screwed two men. Cesar and Marc Anthony. If she done screwed anybody else, we wouldve known it cause they wouldve been talking about it. She was black. Aw, that old black bitch fucked him. You know how they talk. She went to Egypt. Here entrance into Rome, the gold all that shit them white folks are still talking about it today. She wore them out, and she was arrogant. Cesar, she had children by Cesar. She seduced him and Marc Anthony. Cesar tried to give her a gift, and she wouldnt accept it. When a bitch wont accept a gift thats a bad bitch! She said, A gift? What could you possibly give me? I am the queen of Egypt. That Egypt has not already given me. Now, thats some bad shit. You cant give her a gift? God damn. But they want a white woman to play her. But I got one better than that. Im getting ready to drive you all crazy. I got one better than that. Whos this white woman they say, Shes the greatest actress ever to step on American stage. Meryl somebody. Whats her name? – Meryl Streep. – Meryl Streep. Guess who she getting ready to play? Who? – Harriet Tubman. I cant wait for the reviews! I cant wait. The white reviews. She was absolutely brilliant! The makeup was phenomenal! Some of my best friends are black. I felt as if she was my best friend. When she freed the first slaves, I got naked in the theatre. See, you laughing cause you know Im bullshitting you, but that Hollywood so god damn crazy, it might be true. I saw an old re-run of Bananza. Horse ordered a mail-order bride. Chinese, of course. Then when she got there, guess who she was? Marlo Thomas, I cant make up no shit like that. Whats that little, big lip, white actress, got big lips? She was in some movie that I hated because the movie was so offensive. The Blind Side. I was so offended by that movie. I went there, and I thought it was a Stevie Wonder story. It pissed me off. I used to hate her, then I started liking her when I found out she hid that little, black baby. She had a black baby. She hid it from the white world, and then she hid it from her husband. When a white woman can hide a black baby from her husband, thats a hiding bitch. I say, when they getting ready to repossess my cadillac, Im going to let that bitch hide it. They wont find it. Cause she could hide some shit! Thats a sneaky, white bitch. Sandra, what you doing with that extra piece of chicken? Nothing, nothing. Sandra, you cant eat those 12 watermelons. Oh, god. Guess who she getting ready to play? Guess who she getting ready to play? Who? That black woman who invented the hot comb. Whats her name? Madam Walker. And, her little, black baby going to co-star. Heres a comb, Mama. Mama, here the comb. Its hot baby. Its hot blow on it. Im telling you, these white folks they went crazy. My generation, and I see its a bunch of you. You know, we go way back. Its a bunch of us. Our generation, back in the day, we couldve been signed with Motown. We were some singing folks, werent we? We loved to sing! Aint going to let nobody, turn me round, turn me round. Keep on walking, keep on talking. You remember! Come on, yall! Talking bout freedom now. Motown! We shall overcome. We shall… We were some singing! And passive. You slapped us, wed turn the other cheek. Youd put your dogs on us and we were scared. We were scared to go to jail. We were scared to die, but we could sing. And, white folks loved us cause we sang. And, said anything to us. We sang! And, anybody that loved us, they hated. Thats why they hate Obama so much cause we got Kunta Kinte up in that motherfucker. We dont have Toby, and thats the problem. What goes around, comes around. I love it. I love every minute of it. I love my black president. I love him. I love my black president! I love my black president that can walk like a pimp! I love my black president that can play basketball! I love my black president that can GQ his ass off. I like my black president that can wear their sunglasses, got that black wife, with that big, bangy, black ass, and them pretty ass black kids. I love my black president! Hes perfect for America! Perfect! He got them big, white man ears. He looks like Malcom X. He talks like Martin Luther King. Oprah loves him, and he shits apple pie! I love him! I dont know where you guys where when he won, but I was in Harlem. Thats where I live, with the white folks. And, we went crazy! We ran up and down them streets all night. Obama, beat yo mama! Obama beat yo mama! I went stone crazy. I went to the first public bus, and I told them white folks, Get in the back where you fucking belong! Obama is president! Then, I went to the first soulfood restaraunt cause I knew the price of chicken was going way down. I said, Get me 100 wings for 10 cents bitch! Obama is president! You better get my black president. My black president cant do no wrong with me. Hed been in there a year. Hes been Aunt Jemima and god damn Uncle Ben. Cleaning up this shit. This bullshit. He should bring the troops home. Bush should bring em home, he sent them. Just blaming him for every god damn thing, every move. God, he got class. He got dignity. Hes smart. I couldnt. If I was… Im serious! If I was in that White House, the way they talk about him, if that was me, Id walk out on that lawn at the White House early one morning, Id pull my pants and Id take an old-fashion country shit. Id shit right on the lawn. Put this on YouTube! For all the news, The president took a dump this morning. The dog went crazy. Hillary can say, Im a woman. Im running for president. That whore in Alaska can say, Im running for vice president. Obama cant say he black cause if he does, it starts trouble. His blackness will get him in trouble if he says it by association. He cant go and talk to Farrakhan. Bush could talk to however he want to talk. His whiteness protects him. Hes still the President Bush. Hes still got that white skin. Hes got that color. Hes got the complexion for the protection, for the collection. Look at that little actress. That little, crazy, drug-addict, little white girl with the big lips. They let her out. Whats her name? Lindsay. Let her out! The jails are overcrowded. Look at this young black girl. Your little black ass wouldnt be getting out. Were overcrowded. Oh, really? Tie that black bitch to a tree. She aint going nowhere. Aint no room, make some room. The storage place is 19.99 a month. Lock that bitch in one of them rooms. They filled up. Bring her to my house. Ive got a double garage. I got one car in there. Nickname that bitch cadillac. Put her in there! You aint going nowhere. Aint no room. Fire the cook, then make the bitch cook. She going to work. She aint going nowhere. Black bitch going to cook. She aint going to do nothin. She going to be right here. The lying ass, drug-addict. Somebody stole my passport. You lying bitch. If she had stole the truth, I snorted my passport. Then Id believe it. Make more sense. She went to school with my daughter. She went to school with my daughter, Lindsay. Did you know she was an honor student? Did you know that? Yes, your honor. No, your honor. If that had been Lil Kim, she wouldve went straight to jail the first god damn day. Lil Kim lied. Perjury. What the white people say? What the judge say, Dont lie to us black bitch. You going to jail. That was the message. Black bitch, dont lie to us. Two years. Whats the man in the O.J. trial? Mark Fuhrman, the policeman, he perjurized. He should have got five years. What he get? A book deal and fame. That skin. Complexion, for the protection, for the collection. Ive known O.J. since he was 18. I knew O.J. when he had his black wife. I knew when the little black child drowned, all that. I met Nicole when she was 18. Cute… but a drug addict and a hoe. Keep it real, and O.J. was taking care of all of them, okay. That shit was about drugs and sex. Thats what that was fucking about, okay. Thats for real. Thats what it was about. A bunch of folks went to jail. and a bunch of folks got killed that night. They didnt tell you about. Trust me, and Mark Fuhrman… This is just my opinion, Mark Fuhrman was fucking her. Im sure of it. Drug-addict hoe, okay. Whats the little, white boy thats got them a little mistake with glasses? Still talk about his family wants to sue. – Kato? Goldman? – Goldman, yeah. He aint brought no god damn glasses. It was about drugs. You know she made him suck that pussy. You know that. When they got up there in heaven, they was up in heaven, the both of them, you know what she told him, you know. I told you this juice would kill ya. Mean, mean, but funny. And, you black people stop getting this Chris Brown bullshit twisted, and this is not a joke. Stop getting it twisted! That girl beat the shit out that boy. She damn near killed him. Hes lucky to be alive. Them girls from the islands, theyre cute, but they violent and theyre jealous. She beat the shit out that boy. She almost killed him! Thats why that boy bitter. He was scared! Youll bite when youre scared. Mike Tyson, scared. He bit. Somebody whooping your ass, youll bite. Thats what you do when youre scared. Bite this motherfucker. You bite when youre scared. You dont beat no womans ass. Thats after kill. Beat her up, then now Im a bit you. No. You bite when youre getting your ass whoop. Thats when you bite! When youre scared! The girl damn near killed that boy. Hes lucky to be alive. Hes lucky to be here. He lucky she didnt use that umbrella. You know that bitch got an umbrella! Hed be singing with Stevie Wonder, now. Shed done put his eyes out. She tried to kill him! She called her girlfriend up. She called Naomi up. She called her. Get over her, Naomi. Bring your cellphone. We whoopin some ass tonight. Hurry up, its a party! Hurry up, baby! Naomi says, Im busy, I cant come. Im busy. Im whooping the chauffeurs ass. I cant come! Says, Im busy, I cant come. Im busy shining up my blood diamond. She damn near killed him. Listen to her new song. Listen to her lyrics, listen to it. She tells on herself. I had everything til I had to beat your ass. Listen to his lyrics. He tells. The boy got brain damage, listen to him. He thinks hes a transformer. Shes slick, shes shroud, and the white folks love them little island girls. Theyre light-skin, cute, and they have that Eartha Kitt shit going. They have an accent. They love em! But they some shroud bitches. She got a big, big forehead. Youve seen her forehead. She was forehead beating him. They dont leave scars. Its a damn shame. Black folks, stop getting it confused. If that girl got in the ring with Muhammad Alis daughter, shed beat her ass! Now, lets talk about the embarrassment. The embarrassment. Tiger Woods. Embarrassing! He has embarrassed every black man on the planet. He has no game. No pimp game, no street game, no black man game. He is such a little punk. Thats a cry baby. Man up! Man up! Such a little white boy.  Im not the only one. Get the fuck up out of here with that bullshit! Cabacolasian. He know what he is now. Them Asians hurried up and gave him back to us. His daddy must be turning over in his grave. His daddy was black. His daddy married a black woman before he met that Filipino woman. Tiger Woods got black brothers and sisters he dont even talk about. Keep this shit real. Man up! You see the press conference? Family and friends. And hes the only black thing standing there. Embarrassing! A little punk! He sound like that old singer. That old, Im sorry. Brenda Lee, he sound like that old bitch. So sorry. I apologize cause I didnt know. Little sissy! All them white women that he fucked, they should get some dildos and fuck him. Hes a little punk. Man up! Kissin that ass. You see him kissing that white mans ass? At the press conference. Boy, youve got billions and trillions of dollars! You dont have to kiss nobodys ass! You got money, man up! Man the fuck up! Give me a billion dollars, and press conference me tomorrow morning. Yeah, them white women sucked my dick, and you can suck my dick too! Fuck you! End of press conference! Them white folks will shut that shit down like rats ran in the room. The only thing wrong he did was screwing all them white women. He left them alive. All that money, he could get off on murder. He can get off! A dream team, a dream team. I could hear the dream team, now. If the rubber dont fit, you must acquit. Now, they got him in a sex rehabilitation hospital. What the fuck does that mean? Theyre going to cure him? Well, they better get rid of them white nurses cause hell fuck em. If they want to cure him, they better hire some black nurses. Better hire some black nurses, cause he says he only fucks black women the month of February and June 10th. But he married Becky. He married Becky. He married Becky. Becky, nanny, model, slash, hoe. The bitch was a hoe. Hoes like hoes. Thats why he got busted. You cant trick a hoe. A hoe cant trick another hoe! Bring your bitch ass home, hoe. I know what youre up to. Bring your ass home. He pissed Becky off. Becky is getting 750 million, okay. More money than ever, ever! If your black ass wouldve been married to Elvis and asked for that kind of money, them white folks wouldve arrested you. Arrest that bitch! Put her and her kids in jail. The bitch is trying to steal from Elvis. Give the bitch $7.50. Get that bitch out of here. Food stamps and a bus pass, give it to her. Bitch aint getting no 750 million. Is this bitch on drugs? Beckys getting 750 million, and if he brings any of them whores around the kids and aint married to one of them, Becky says she can fine him 10 million. I cant make this up. She getting palimony, alimony. She getting all that shit, and she fining him. Becky, you dont want to piss Becky off. Cause that boy, lets keep this shit real. Lets not be scared. He got a Becky ass whoopin. That white woman whooped his ass. Hes running around there hitting them white balls with the golf club. That bitch said, Give me that club. Im getting ready to hit some black balls. You know all that shit happened that night. She beat his ass. That white woman beat the black out that boy. Thats why he ran into that tree. All was left was the Asian. Michael Jackson just had a god damn birthday. Okay, Michael Jackson, and you guys get it out of your head. Look, you tell a lie enough it becomes the truth. These white folks was lying on Michael. Michael was not no god damn pedophile. Thats a god damn lie! He wasnt no fucking pedophile! All that shit was about money. That first boy admitted it. His parents made him tell that lie. He want no pedophile. Now, he was x-files. Every time I saw him I went, Scully, Scully! Made that boy take his pants off, and look at his penis and all that bullshit. Thats what killed that boy. Thats what started it. Disgracing that boy like that. Its a damn shame. That was the start of it. That fucking Hollywood, them bastards! I try to keep up, what they say. What they do, and what they try to make us fucking believe. Wait a minute. This what I want to know. So I know Im not going crazy. Who is this black woman that owns Popeyes Chicken? Where does she come from? All of a sudden, Oh my Popeyes Chicken. You buy them,. You going to love my biscuits! Oh, Popeye! Where the hell does she come from? Has she been in the basement all this time? Fry bitch, fry! Now I see she owns it. Have you seen it? Is she the Pine Sol ladys sister? Who is she? Is she Uncle Bens daughter? Where she come from? Is she Aunt Jemimas niece? Where she come from? Is she Mrs. Buttermilks granddaughter? Well, who is she? Popeyes Chicken! Oh my chicken! Where this bitch come from? And Aunt Jemima looks like Tyra Banks. They have changed Aunt Jemimas image. She looks like the next top fucking model! She got a perm. Have you seen her? You wouldnt think she knew anything about pancakes. I was on an airplane, going to Europe, in first class with some rich, rich white woman. Cause you know when a white woman get rich, they start talking for reals. They some funny bitches when they get drunk. We was talking about Aunt Jemima. She says, I dont give a damn what that bitch got on. She better get in that kitchen and cook them pancakes. I dont care what she got on. Ill buy that bitch a Gucci bag. Cook me some pancakes! Popeyes chicken! Thank you, you got to help me. I think I be seeing things. Now, youve got to help. Guess who I saw selling furniture on television? That god damn, Magic Johnson. What is up with Magic? Selling furniture! Then I said, he owns Staples, Check Cashing Money Loan Tax, Fat Burger, the theater, those restaurants. Im serious! God damn! He used to be the poster-child for AIDS. Now, hes just got his hands in all the business. What kind of AIDS did he have? Financial aids? I WANT IT! I sat down at a big benefit in Hollywood, and white man on crutches hobbled up to that stage, he was pissed. He said, Im HIV positive. I was so offended. I said, fuck you! You trouble maker. You didnt call me when you were getting AIDS, dont call me when you got it. Everybody going to die, you just know when. Get the fuck up on out of here. Im not being cold! Everybody in here going to die. All of you going to kick the bucket. You going to die, just wait. Death is coming. But you into that money. You into that illusion of inclusion. You have money. Worshipping that god damn money which it aint about shit! Your wealth and your health is in your brain and in your health. The rich man will give you all his money for your health and your sanity. Thats where your wealth is. The ones that are clapping you know. You other fools, you actually think that moneys something. Its an illusion. You will never see a Brinks truck following a hearse. You wont be seeing that. They bury people. They dont bury money. Merv Griffin had all the money. All of it! Didnt keep any of it. He gone. That big, titty, white lady had all the money. Shes gone. Christina Onassis had more money than all of them. Gone! You cannot take it with you. But you must give the Egyptians an A for effort. They tried to take that shit with them. My grandkids, my kids, they aint like us. They aint like us. They aint scared to die. They aint scared of no god damn dogs. White folks, tell them they cant ride on the bus. Go tell them. You a bad motherfucker? Go tell them. Those little hip-hoppers. The ones that wear their pants… Go tell them they cant ride on the bus. Go on tell them. Aint going to be no bus. Everybody going to walk to school! They will tear that god damn, shoot, kill everybody on the bus. Theyll burn that motherfucker up. Everybody have to walk. Aint going to be no god damn bus. No singing, they dont give a damn! White folks, go tell them they cant drink in the white drinking fountain. Go tell them that. You cant drink here. Then, bring your ass up there to drink. Thereve been some bad, little motherfuckers. Those care nothing about jail. Dont care about going to jail. Thats a plus, not a minus. They dont care about no god damn jail. And bring your little German Shepherds, bring em. They got pitbulls! Theyll chase you and your German Shepherd! These two little, young white bitches, you should see your faces, theyre like this. You know Im telling you the god damn truth. You got them little black friends. You know how crazy they are. They crazy! Care about no god damn German Shepherds. Im from that old school. Them white folks love them dogs. They love them dogs. They used to sick them German Shepherds on you. Just trying to get us. Im a human being. Nobody protested that. They just back there hiding. Sick em. Get em. I remember them dogs, I dont give a damn about a dog! Ill choke the shit out of a dog! I remember them dogs. Ill give a dog to a Chinese family. Give a damn about no puppy. Ill run a puppy over. Back up, make sure its dead. Cause white folks will take a baby and leave it in a garbage can in front of the fire department. Give a damn about no baby. Fuck that baby. I didnt want that baby. But not a puppy! They just did it the other day. The man hit and ran, and hit people and ran. Hit em and ran! They wont hit a puppy. They know they going to hell if they hit a puppy. Theyll leave the dog, theyll leave the cat, all the money. Fuck the grandkids, theyll leave the cat millions of motherfucking dollars! They taking everybody to jail. Whats the little rappers name? Little somebody, whats his name? Lil Wayne! They took Lil Waynes ass to jail! Lil Wayne! Locked him up! Heavy security, trying to keep him from big Wayne. They are just on that television. These white folks, the things that come out these white folks mouth. Its too much. That brother that went crazy. That brother that went crazy on his child cause they kept calling him the N word. That boy, and his little white girlfriend. She told, Leroy, come home please. Theyre just so racial, they so racial. He got tired of that shit. Called his mom and told, he wish he could kill some more white folks. Wont be calling him that no more. He went crazy. He went postal. But the only good thing about it, its just horrible, I dont want nobody killing nobody. Thats horrible, but the good thing them two or three black folks that work with him, they could do whatever they want. Come late, they can do it. Aint going to be no problem. Go on, take your Christmas and your New Year, take all your vacation. Your job is still here. Come back when you want to. Your job is here. You could get killed. Your job is still there. Oh my god, brother. They are trying to pick somebody to play Elizabeth Taylor. They can forget it. Aint nobody pretty enough. Whos pretty enough to play Elizabeth Taylor? They going to show that bitches old movie. None of them white bitches in Hollywood, with all that fake shit, they cant play Liz. Liz wasnt fake. That was a pretty ass white woman, and big ass titties, real titties. That we never saw, just cleavage and diamonds, and rubies. That bitch worked them big titties. We never saw em. Now, them hundred men she married, they saw them big ol titties! Liz is too pretty. They cant find nobody. Im sorry, brother. There aint nobody that comes god damn close. She too pretty. Theyll have to show her old movies. She was a freak of nature cause she was English. You know the English are not attractive. Starting with that ugly ass queen. Thats an ugly bitch. Come on, be real. That bitch look like sheep shit in shallow ass water. She ugly, her mama was ugly, her daddy was ugly, her son is ugly, his new wife look like Dane Edna. These some ugly motherfuckers. Keep it real! Ugly! If shes the queen, what the fuck does the witch look like? Ugly bitch! Aint going to get me to say that bitch is cute. Cause she white, you want me to, shes a… No, ugly ass, stank, look like a billy goat. She looks like Chelseas mama. Ooh, my ass! Thats another ugly white bitch. She ugly. Shes ugly by white standards. Here own race say she ugly, but dont be made at me. She ugly! I saw the wedding veils, of so many god damn veils, she dont want no helicopters at the wedding. No cameras, bitch! Thats dont want to do, now. Yall are scared. Youre scared! Master, Paul goin get us in trouble, Master. That bitch is ugly! You be scared! I aint scared! I aint scared. White folks love you when youre scared. Theres only two kinds of black people in America, today. You either running free, or you running scared. How you running? Im not dumb. Race has nothing to do with color. I aint stupid. Cause theres a bunch of you black-anglo-saxons. Their skin is black, but that brain is white. When I get mad at you guess what I call you? You graham cracker motherfucker. Dr. Laura going to make me like Mel Gibson. And, you know hes crazy as cat shit. Another one that pisses me off, that god damn prostitute over there in Alaska. That hoe ass bitch! That tramp ass bitch! Hoe, hoe! Im from the streets. I was raised with pimps. I know a hoe when I see one. Hoe, slut, tramp, no respect! Dont have no respect for Obama. Up there talking about God and all that perpetrating, little devil worshiping bitch. She dont fool me. A hoe. Talking about she can see Russia from her window. No, bitch. You can see em in your bedroom. Youre fucking them motherfuckers! You tramp ass bitch! A hoe, tramp, slut, hoe. Suck a dick, bitch, and do Playboy. She dont have no respect for my black president, and I dont have a god damn respect for her whorish ass. The apple dont fall far from the tree. The daughters a hoe too, another hoe. That white boy wasnt going to marry that tramp. He just wanted the pussy. He was playing that bitch. Now, that old white woman aint had none of them babies. That young girl had all them babies. Thats why one of thems illy formed. Keep the shit real. Keep this shit real! Im taking you back. You know illy formed. You know what Im talking about. Its dark up there nine months out the year. Thats all they do is fuck up there. Aint nothing up there but hoes and vampires. I see some of your black faces. Oh, master. Pauls goin get us in trouble, master. Master. Is we sick, master? This oil. This oil. I didnt know oil scared white folks. I wouldve spilt some oil along time ago. Always messing up shit and want somebody to help. That white mans so good at tearing up shit, ruining shit, the atmosphere and everything. Just fucks up everything, then wants you to hold hands and sing, and help him, and green, and saving the polar bears, theres only two and help. If I see a polar bear, it aint going to be but one, Ill kill it. Helping that white man. I didnt help you fuck this up. I aint helping you cleaning up shit. When I leave my house, I turn all the water on. Hope there aint no water when I get back home. I drive all day up and down that freeway, just throwing shit out. Pick this up, pick this up. All that shit you see out there on the freeway, Im the one throwing that shit out. He want you to hold hands, and sing, and green. Im not into all that. Fuck that. He loves to tear shit up, and then sing about he wants you to help him. Cause white folks like it when it was white, thats when theyre the most happy. Thats when theyre at their most happiest. You got to study their body language, when they were running this shit back in the day. Go back. Go back to Miss America, remember? Remember Bert Parks, remember? White people were in white heaven. Oh, there… The body language. There she is Miss America! Sing it, Bert! Oh, there she is… And she was blond, they were white white. Miss… They were so happy. They tickled just tickled pink. Miss America. Sing it, Bert! Get it, Bert! Oh, there… And, I told you God always has to intervene. God got involved in that, and made Miss America black five years, straight in a row, remember? You remember. You remember. White folks fired Bert Parks. They got mad. Theres going to be no more singing. Get your ass out! We dont need you! Bert Parks got fired. It became verbal, and it was mean. There she is. Oh, black thing. There she is. Officer, there she is, officer. They were not into that. But God always gets involved. Whos that Miss USA? The little white drug-addict, remember her? I loved her! Wasnt she your favorite? That was my favorite Miss whatever it was. Hun, whats your talent? My favorite, my favorite. See that little white girl. That little big lip, white girl. She was in Miss what was it? Miss something. Just recently, and she lost cause they asked her a question about Arizona, and she said, Yeah, states should have its rights. They voted against her. They got pissed off. She lost. She was cute. The little foreign girl won, but that little white girl was cute. She could have won. I wish she let me write for her. She wouldve won. All she had to say is, my Indian friend said they hope everybody goes home. She would have won! The press wouldve ate it up! Brilliant, diplomatic, but she had to be a stupid bitch. States should have their rights. States do not dominate human rights. It dont work that way. Just read history. It dont work. I want to tell you this, Im not dumb. I do race, and I talk about… It has nothing to do with me. Im reacting to my environment that Im in, all of it. Its not a clean up. I understand it, but Im not stupid. I know that we are all in this together, black, white, fat, skinny, whatever it is. Because trust me, we are either going to hang together or we going to hang separately. But guess what kids. Were going to hang! Because these motherfuckers up in that politics, are crazy! They dont give a damn about nobody. We should have a revolution every four years. We should go up in that White House and chop off heads. Theyd act right then. Every four years, we go in and chop some heads off. Hurry, hurry! Put the money back! Theyre coming! Put the money back! Cause they thing they can just say and do whatever they want to, that we dont count. Look at history. No outside country attacked Russia. Russia fell what? Internally. Because the way they were treating their people. This race shit is going to be our downfall. If we dont get this shit together, we at war right now. We at war. Those people are fish bowling us. We at war! We talking democracy and freedom, and they watching our every fucking move. This racial shit, we better put it on hold. We could get back to it after the war, but we better put this shit on hold. Cause I travel all over the world, all over the god damn United States, and I remember when going to the airport and all that was fun. Now, I get sick, stomach ache, cramps. I get fucked up when I got to go to the god damn airport. When I used to leave the county back in the day, before 9-11, I leave the country, I get into another country, Id be there five minutes and Ill have an accent. Be there in France and England, I come back with an accent in five minutes. Well, the shit has changed. Now, I leave with an accent. No English. No English. Did you get your census papers? Its against the law if you dont mail it back. Did you know that? What they ask you? Whats the first thing they ask you? Any Indians in the house? These white folks are still looking for Indians. I got on the phone. I called them. I said, I thought you killed them all! Cause remember when we was kids? One little, two little, three little… Remember, we was killing them motherfuckers. There aint none now, remember? One little, two little, three… Remember? Now, you have to go. If you put down, yeah there are three Indians in my house, that next morning. Yes. Weve come for the Indians. Them motherfuckers want some Indians. I tried to figure it out. I said, how come these white folks hate Indians so much. I figured it out. You cannot make an Indian a slave thats why. Indians go catatonic on your ass. There not going to move until you open up that casino. Trump and the boys did not want those Indians to have casinos. They had propaganda. They had commercials. They did not want… It was okay for the white folks to have them. They didnt want those Indians to have them. I dont know if they came here, but in California and New York, they were on TV every 10 minutes. I cant make this shit up. I aint this good. The Indians. They made over 80 million dollars this year. Theyre not paying taxes. I didnt vote for that. White folks showed that. I said, how come they cant let the Indians make their commercial. The white man stole our land. Theyre not paying rent. I didnt vote for that. How bout that? How bout that? Indians were no joke! Indians were not punks. They rode horses bareback. Thats some macho, tough, bad motherfucker. Im talking about, they rode them four or five years. You think youre bad and macho. Go ride a horse bareback right now. Do it for 15 minutes. You will be in the hospital for two years, all your shit will be fucked up. Youll have to get skin graphs, new balls. Go on! 15 minutes! You tough! Go ahead, bareback! They were no joke, and the bow and arrows were no joke either. If they had guns, wed all be sitting here with a piece of pipe and feathers. Bow and arrows were no joke. Them white folks be on them stage coach. Havent seen my family in eight months. I cant wait to get home. Dont you black people think you the first person the white man put out there to pick cotton. You werent the first. There was a huge audition for that. They put the white folks out there. They bitched, they complained about the sun. They wanted their lawyers. Im not going to sing and pick cotton. Youre not fucking my wife. This is bullshit! They complained and complained, and they got rid of them. Chinese ran off. Mexicans kept picking oranges. No, cotton! Amigo, cotton! Here we come, picking em and singing. My god! Theyre singing. They must like it. God knows what Hes doing. Look at the full picture. God picked us to be the slaves because we could handle it. Thats why, we could handle it. We the baddest race on the planet. If the white folks wouldve been slaves, the shit wouldve ended in 20 minutes. Chains, and its not gold! Call my lawyer! Get your things, Susan. Were out of here. You know, I am the very first person to say that Clinton, President Clinton, was a black person. I did it on the Apollo. I have it on film. I did. Everybody sound bited it, and recycled, and hopped on that shit, and pretended it came from them. That was me. I had a whole list to why I thought he was black. Ive changed it since then. Hes a pimp. He makes pimp moves. The government, everybody trying to get them Asian girls, remember? They would not give them up. He went over like a pimp. Give me my bitches, and they gave em up. You know, his M.O. It was some dick sucking on that plane. You know he told them Asian girls. Lets make this a happy ending. I love me some Madonna! I went to Vegas. I love some Madonna. That old bitch. I love Madonna. I love her cause she stole that black baby from Africa. When over there, vogue, vogue, vogue. Africans were fascinated with her moves. Vogue! They looked up, and that black baby was gone. You seen her with that black baby! It looks scared! Like its looking for its real parents. I love Madonna cause shes real, and shell change up on your ass. She was over there in England faking it for 10 years, married to an English man. Yes, of course. Its England, and tea time. Then reality set in. Madonna said, Wait a minute. Let me divorce this motherfucker. This tea aint for me. She said, Im going home. I want some dick. I want some big dick, thick dick. Im going home. She got that ballplayer. Whats his name? Yeah! She fucking him like a virgin. Get him, Madonna. It was funny up until she was fucking that brother. Yall got real quiet. Where in the hell are these diseases coming from? Now they got some new shit on TV. Where these diseases coming from? The flu, the swine, the this, the lyme. Where this shit come from? All of sudden, all these god damn diseases. Where was these diseases when we couldve used them? In slavery. Master, Is a slave? I got alzheimers. Master, I forgot. Where was this shit when we could use it? Whats that shit, you just say shit? Tourette? What is it called? Yeah. Whatever that shits called. Whats it called? – Tourette. – Fuck you, Master! Fuck you! Where is this shit when we couldve used it? Whats the stuff you get with your hands? What is it called? Yeah! Master, I cant. I got carpal tunnel. I cant pick cotton, master. Master, I got Michael Jackson disease. You know white folks dont pick cotton. Where is this shit when we couldve used it? You know the one thing. You know the one thing… You aint going to even guess why. You know the one thing about white people that really pisses me off about white people? And really insults me. Their cooking shows. These motherfuckers can cook! Have you seen their shows? They cook their ass off! But back in slavery, they act like they couldnt boil water. I cant boil water. Let Aunt Jemima do it. Shes sick. Well, get Uncle Ben to do it. I cant do this. They mustve been in the bedroom making so much fun about us while we down there cooking. You motherfuckers think we cant cook. Aint that a bitch. They can cook they ass off. All that time, tricking us. Some dirty motherfuckers. Watch the shows! Every fucking channel. Am I wrong? Cooking this, cooking that. I said, look at this shit! These motherfuckers can cook! Its dumb. Always trying to keep people fucking dumb. Why they all… This racial profiling, why they all acting shock like this is new? Shooting in the back, all this bullshit. Why is this new? When have you ever read where an off duty, black cop, has shot a white cop in the back? – Never! – Never! – It dont happen. It doesnt happen, but it sure happens the other way around. And, who hates who? White folks are safe in our neighborhood. They could walk around at night naked. We aint safe in theirs. Keep it real. Who hates who? Do you live here? That racial profiling shit. Do you live in the area? Do you? What is where I live have to do with this red light? Heres my license, my registration, my insurance, what is all this other shit? What does it matter where I work? Where are you going? Im driving til I run out of gas. I dont have to tell you where Im going. No, sir. Were just curious. If I tell you where Im going, Im going to get in trouble. Why is that, sir? Cause Im on my way to your house, bitch. Every minority in here, you all have got stories. You know the police, and what they talk, and the way they act, and the shit theyve said, and the dis-refucking-respect, and the craziness. I cannot make this up. Im not this good. Ive been in the car with a car full of white folks. Im riding shotgun. They pull us over. The police ask me for my license. Im not even driving this motherfucker! Then asking the white folks, are you safe? Are they safe? I could be in a car full of white folks, help, help! Police will come by, Shut up! You mustve did something! Im in the car, two seater, Mercedes, Hollywood. The Mercedes cost 150 thousand, them bad motherfuckers. My drunk, rich, white friend, and Im glad the police pulled us over, this motherfuckers drunk. They take me to jail. I said, Hes drunk! You influenced him. Come with us! Then, you got to be double-jointed, and in the circus to pass that driving test. That drunk thing, you know. Put your leg up, touch your, go backwards, bend over, stretch over, say your ABCs in German, French, and African. Then, you get out, and the drunk test they scare you to death. WALK A STRAIGHT LINE! I ran. Dont give me no head start. Its dark too. They still standing there. I guess he wasnt drunk. Its hard being black. Ive been black for a long time. Im tired, Im exhausted. I could go to the emergency hospital right now and just drop dead. What happened? He was tired of being black. Its hard! Got to go through all kind of bullshit every fucking day of your god damn life! Im going on an interview. You know I cant make this up. I got a shirt and tie, you know how we do, when we trying to get something. Im dressed up, and I got my car parked to a white woman. She dressed. This white woman sees me. I cant make this up! Turns around and runs! I chased that bitch for 15 blocks. She took her shoes off running! If shed have been in the Olympics, she wouldve won all the god damn gold. We go in the store. We start a parade. They start talking in tongue, we pass by shit. Im in New York, Im coming to do somebodys show at a five star hotel, and Im getting… Its seven in the morning, and Im getting on the elevator. A woman, shes about 36, latin, shes getting off, and she says to me, Can I help you? I said, can you help me? Who in the fuck are you? Im the maid on the 5th floor. I said, well bitch go make up a bed, and get the fuck out my face. She was telling me, Im not where Im suppose to be. Bitch! It doesnt have to be white people. It can be black people. Im in first class up at the god damn airport. The bitch going to tell me, Do you know what line youre in? I said, bitch do I look like Stevie Wonder? I know what line Im in, and you cant wait on me. Get your fucking manager! I dont like your attitude, the way you talk. Listen, when I get a god damn first class ticket that fucking machine they all know everything. They know it before I get up there. They know. Ask me no god damn, silly ass question. I get in first class and the stewardess going to come up to me and say, Can I see your first class ticket? I said, yes. But I aint pulling it out my pocket, but Im saying, yes. Can I see it? I go, yes. Well, give it to me. I said, I will when you ask everybody else on here to see theirs. She came back muted. Cause white folks are slick with words, theyll get you. This what theyll say to you, When is the first time you had syphillis? They wont ask you, have you ever had it? Thats a different question. I was like, I think 16, maybe not 17, and a psychiatrist was talking to me. The psychiatrist got to talking about sex and all this other stuff, right. So, I thought he was playing the dozen because he said, Well have you ever seen your mama naked? Now, you know you dont talk about my mama. I said, well motherfucker, have you ever seen your mamas sloppy ass pussy? I started playing the dozen with this motherfucker. I said, your mamas stinky, motherfuckin ass. When I left the office, I told them, theres a freak up in that motherfucker! My mama! You know I went off! White folks cant ask me, youve seen me on that tube, you cant ask me too much. You better stay away from me when you get to asking questions. Ask somebody else cause Im getting ready to off! I was on some show, The Talk Room, some shit, and white boy got in my face. Well, what is it you want from me, Paul? I said, I want your mama, bitch! Thats what I want. If youre going to declare war, declare it. I was on CNN. CNN goes all over the world. Pigmies watch CNN. Its about the N word. The white woman went all up in my face. Now, Paul. When someone white says the N word… No, it doesnt bother me. She got mad. She wanted to hear some other shit. She kept coming, I said to myself, Im going to get this bitch. Well, Paul. It doesnt bother you, why? And, she was close enough to kiss me. I said, why. Cause I like a little salt on my cracker. I called that bitch a cracker, and she dropped the mic, and all the lights went off. It was 20 cameras and 90 lights while they was saying the N word. Minute I called that bitch a cracker, everything shut down. Then they asked me about BET. Well, why do you go on BET, Paul? What do you think? Like, they used to own us. Thanks, Paul. White folks are slick. Then they said this. White folks are slick. Now, Paul. We know theres a racial problem. What if you can handle it, you can control it, how would you handle it? Now its a clean up time. Its cooning time. Im suppose to coon now. The coon door opened. I said, how? Kill every white person on this planet. They said to end racism. Thats the only way. Well, Paul. You couldnt mean that? Your mother could be white. Id have to kill that bitch too. Well, Paul. Cant we be friends? Yeah, when I get even. Im going to wear the tight shoe, and you aint no better than me, you going to wear the tight shoe too. Cause human beings are a trip. He could be my best friend. I could go to him and say, my brothers fucking my wife, and hell go, Thats the most horrible and saddest thing Ive heard this year. But if I go to him and tell him, my brothers fucking your wife. Hell go, Im going to kill that motherfucker! See the difference? See the difference? Race means everything in America. When you have the complexion for the protection, for the collection, that white skin will protect you. Thats why when I see homeless white people I just start crying. What a waste of white skin. Everybody talks crazy when it comes to race. You black people talk real crazy. My Indian grandmother… Fuck you and your Indian grandmother. Always leaving Africa out the picture cause thats a negative to you. Well, it should be the positive, but its the negative. We got to re-brainwash ourselves. We have to re-brainwash ourselves. Race. Hawaiians, were Samoans. Yeah, some more black people. The Filipinos, negritos. And you black people from the islands, I dont care if you right up here. You think that youre better than us cause they dropped you off first. Dont let the Asians fool you. Rice didnt come from them. Rice came from Africa. We introduced rice too white folks to in slavery. We threw the rice at the Asians. They were terrified. Dont touch it. Pick it up with sticks. The rest is history. Race is a trip. Mexicans was thinking they was white folks. They forgotten about the Alamo. The burrito can stay. You have to go motherfucker. Vámanos, ándale, pronto! Race is deep. All my Puerto Rican friends, Im Spanish. Oh, a tall Mexican. No, I mean Im Spanish. I thought that was a language. What am I speaking? – English. – Couldnt I talk crazy? – Im English, really I am. I speak it. I rest my case. Everybody gets it twisted. If you take an African zebra to Canada, it does not make it a Canadian zebra. It makes it an African zebra living in Canada. Dont get it twisted. Dont get it twisted. Salsa is an African love dance. Its not up for discussion. Its what the fuck it is. Keep it real. Keep it fucking real. Puerto Ricans, Dominicans, Cubans, aint nothing but black folks that can swim. Africans, I cant stand Africans. I dont like Africans cause they have attitude. They have attitude towards us, and they act like they mad at us. You got it twisted. We are mad at you. We waited, and nobody came for us! You punk motherfuckers! Any other race wouldve declared war on America, and asked for their people back. Africans wrote us off like a bad check. Then they going to show up 400 years later with a briefcase full of watches. I dont need no god damn watch. I KNOW WHAT TIME IT IS! I dont know if it was NBC or CBS, one of them white shows, networks, they had it on there about kids and race. Everybody went into shock. Just recycling and coping that black woman and young black girl that did the doll test. Our little black kids, theyre brainwashed. Weve got work to do, black folks. They think black is evil, and ugly, and bad. I saw that shit. They just asked the wrong questions. I wish I couldve been there. Wheres the little serial killer doll? The white one. Wheres the little doll that tell lies? The white one. Wheres the little doll that steals all the money? The white one. Theyd a told me to get the hell out the room. You leave! We dont have enough white dolls! Get out of here! Wheres the little rich doll that does drugs and goes to jail? The white one. Wheres the little doll that fucks the president? The white one. The children, the children! Listen to them. Theyre trying to talk to us. Listen to the children. Theyre speaking. The children are speaking. Theyre speaking. The children are speaking. A six-year-old girl walked into her mothers bedroom, and mama was giving daddy head like Linda Lovelace. She was with her seven-year-old friend. She went into shock, said, Would you believe that bitch beat my ass for sucking my thumb? The children, listen to them. A 12-year-old girl, sit down and write a letter with her mother, to God. She wanted a bicycle, said, Dear, God. I want a motherfucking bike. Her mother was in shock. Are you a gang member? Where did you learn to talk like that? Were catholic, were christians. You go to mass, you confess and you come back. The little girl went to mass, she confessed. Youve been up in there. She saw those statues of Jesus and Mary, she stole them both. She went home. She said, Im going to write a letter to God. Dear, God. I got your son, his mama, and I want my motherfucking bike. The children, listen to them. A 12-year-old boy walks into his daddys bedroom. Daddys giving mama, pumping her, not missing a beat, tearing it up. Little boys in shock. Its his mother. Daddy looks over at his son. He dont care. He just laughs. Keeps stroking her and winks. 12 weeks later, he goes into the little boys bedroom. Little boys got grandma spread eagle tearing it up. Daddys like you, in shock. Little boy looks at his daddy said, Aint so funny when its your mama, huh? Thank you, thank you. Thank you, thank you, thank you. – Awesome! It was wonderful. – It was incredible. I mean, Paul Mooney, hes classic. Enlightening, absolutely enlightening. – Paul Mooney is the best, man. He keeps it real. Thats what I like about the brother. He keeps it real, and hes a legend. Paul, what Ive loved about you so much is that you really are just an incredible political satirist. Lets talk about our president. – Who? Bush? – Barack Obama. They killed him the same night he won. – What do you mean? Is that a fake Barack Obama out there. – That is an android. – A who? Hit the music! Thats a robot. You havent seen them white folks movies? The governments on their way, right now. – The show was off the chain. Paul Mooneys a legend. My stomach hurts from laughter. Im tired. He wore us out. Were clowning in the backstage area of the legendary Paul Mooney. Thats right, legendary writer, also a legendary comedian himself. He had a lot of funny stuff. I know he had the one about if black people could fly, theyd all look like crows. – We love Paul Mooney! We love Paul Mooney!

BILL MAHER@LIVE FROM D.C.@2014@ * Thank you. Thank you. Ay, ay, ay. That was a… [Cheering and applause] Thank you very much. There was an old lady and a Boy Scout in the middle of the street. I had to run 3 blocks at breakneck speed. Oh, thank God Im white. [Laughter] Oh, but thank you. Heh! Thank you for hanging out here. [Cheering and applause] Now its your turn. Are you all Washingtonians, are you excited about whats going on in this town? AUDIENCE: No! Really? Cause whats going on in this town? Nothing. Now, in the country, theres elections coming up. Are you going to vote in the midterm elections? [Cheering and applause] Really? Wow. See, the problem… [Person yells] Whats that? The problem is that the liberal base, You know, doesnt show up for the midterms. Well, maybe you do. [Laughter] But mostly they dont, you know. Each party has their base. You know this. Liberals have women, minorities, younger people. Conservatives have, uh… [Person yells] Uh… [Laughter] People who make sighing noises when they get up. Thats who they have. People buying gold from Glenn Beck. Thats… Heh heh! The Rascal scooter crowd. Heres a sad fact about America. Do you know that most people who have Rascal scooters do not need them? They just hit 60 and went, Fuck it, Im done walking. Its true. Heh! And, of course, the other reason why its going to be tough for the Democrats is cause, as usual, The Democrats are running away from something good that they did. [Person yells] Now… let me finish. [Laughter and applause] I ran 3 blocks. Let me do it. [Cheering and applause] [Bill chuckles] No, they gave people health care, which is a good thing. They should own it. [Cheering and applause] But Democrats always get so intimidated whenever Republicans act like drama queens, which, of course, is always. Everything is always the end of the universe. Theyre always shitting in their overalls that… President Blackenstein has done something… Outrageous and unpresiden… Hes declared himself a king! Oh, for fucks sake. You know, hes using executive action, which every president has done, of course, But when he does it, oh, my God, hes Dracula Crossed with Hitler times lung cancer. Ted Cruz, the patient zero for the dysfunction in this town. [Cheering and applause] I swear to God, this year he said, uh, This year, Senate Democrats Will be voting on a constitutional amendment to repeal the First Amendment. [Laughter] I know. Exactly. Really, Ted, no one would vote on such a thing, but listening to you talk, it is tempting. Now, what is making right-wingers crazy these days is that not only did America elect a black president, It went ahead and re-elected a black president. This is my little pet theory About why theyre crazy. I mean, the first time, they didnt like it, but they were like, Well, everybody experiments. [Chuckles] Now theyre like, Oh, shit! What if that once-you-go-black thing is true? [Bill chuckles] What if it turns out the coloreds is good at presidentin? And I think the coloreds is good at presidenting. I do. And I think I know why. Because I think, When you grow up black in America, You have to learn how to be patient with stupid white people. [Cheering and applause] And, folks, That is a lot of what government is, no matter what color you are… Being patient with stupid white people. Do you ever see Obama when he comes out of a meeting With Mitch McConnell and… John Boehner, These mental giants he has to work with? And he always tries to put a positive spin on it, Praises them whenever its at all appropriate, He gently criticizes when its absolutely necessary. Its like watching a really good special-ed teacher. It is. [Applause] Heh! Things are so bad politization-wise in this town. Michelle Obama this year came out… I think just to test the Republicans… Came out for drinking more water… Just to see if they would come out against water… [Laughter] And they did. Predictably, they did. I mean, we should have seen this coming because Michelle Obamas First Lady project… You know, in America, we dont elect women leaders, Like 80 other countries have done. We have first ladies, and we give em A little First Lady project. Whats your project, First Lady? Beautify America. Isnt that wonderful, folks? Shes going to beautify America. Thank you, First Lady. Thats terrific. What about you, Laura B…? Oh, literacy. Who could be against that? And right in this… [Person yells] What? Her husband! [Laughter, cheering, and applause] Ha ha! Right, I do this whole thing in another show, but thats What you explode in applause for. And we wonder why we have a bad government. Anyway… Um… heh heh! No, I mean, thats what we do. We give the little project to the First Lady because We pat them on the head, and Michelle Obama picked Getting the kids in better shape, which is right in this tradition, not controversial. Just saying, Hey, kids, Dont eat lard for lunch every day and… Get a little more exercise. Well, on the right, you would have thought she farted in Jesus face. Fuck you, black lady, tellin me how to raise my kids. Fuck you. Thats my freedom right there youre… I will raise a brood of lethargic, poisoned blimps If I want to. Those arent our fat cells, those are freedom cells, you… Its always freedom with these people… But, you know… But Im telling you, its not logical with them. Whats blowing their minds is that they got their ass kicked twice! [Cheering and applause] Twice! They were so upset about this that after the last one, They did an autopsy. Their word. Im not being snarky. That was their word… autopsy. These are people who dont do introspection a lot, But their minds were blown. They had to find out, How could we have lost twice to Cedric the Entertainer? [Laughter] Heh! So they literally made a list of things it could have been. One was, Maybe our ideas suck. No. They got rid of that, like, in an hour. Before lunch, they threw that one away. Are you kidding? Our ideas are fuckin awesome. Who would not want to vote for an agenda of protecting insurance companies from sick children… Thinking up new places to take a gun… And naming buildings after Ronald Reagan? I mean, if thats not the perfect prescription… OK, so it couldnt have been that. So they went to the second thing it might have been… Maybe the last two times, We had flawed candidates. No. Oh, please. Mitt Romney and John McCain, flawed? I think youre being way too hard on yourself. I… OK, first, the worlds oldest man… [Laughter] Chooses the worlds stupidest woman. [Laughter, cheering, and applause] And youre saying thats flawed? And then, Mitt Romney? I cant believe I was so scared That Mitt Romney was going to be president That a million dollars flew right out of my pocket. What? What the hell happened that day? [Cheering and applause] But… heh heh!… Money well spent. Ill tell you something, Mitt Romney, if nothing else, Taught me about Republicans, because heres the thing you have to understand about Republicans. Theyre not logical. Its all happening in the gut with them. It is. I mean, logically they dont exist. Theyre a crazy patchwork of Jesus freaks and gun nuts And generic, obese suburbanites And the super-rich, but… But what they all have in common is this belief that life in America was perfect in Appleton, Wisconsin, in 1958… Before there were gay marriage or regulations or recycling or certain types of light bulbs you had to buy Or Dora the Explorer and… And, you know, on that level, Mitt Romney is the perfect candidate. Thats the one thing hes sincere about, The one thing thats authentic about him. He is a 1950s sitcom dad. All Mormons are. Theyre all… Even the women are 1950s sitcom dads. Mitt Romney legitimately eats meatloaf and he tells knock-knock jokes And he says darn and dern when hes really pissed off, and he fucks the same woman quietly in the dark decade after decade. Why? Because he loves freedom. [Person yells] OK, stop yelling out. I promise what I have is better. Stop. [Cheering and applause] People are watching this at home. Ha ha ha! Now, these are the same people who are always… you know, its always about the freedom and I want my country back. Country back? You know what, assholes? I travel this country. Almost every weekend. I wish it had gone somewhere. It hasnt. I wish Obama had transformed it With his magic Kenyan wand, but its still The same Kentucky-fried place it ever has been. But Im telling you… drama queens, you know, during one of the Obama scandals, one of the many scandals that A… arent scandals, And B… Obama had about as much to do with as Michele Bachmann had to do with mapping the human genome… But… during the IRS scandal, A Republican Congressman said, Is this still America? [Sighs dramatically] Oh, its always a Mexican soap opera with these people. You know what? Yeah, I think it is still America. I think when the IRS looks a little more into groups with names like Fuck The IRS, Its still America. But they love to make these assertions backed up by nothing. They love to say, for example, Obama is the most radical president weve ever had. Cause, you know, theyre the ones who know history so well. Michele Bachmann once said, Thank God for the founding fathers, who worked tirelessly until they eradicated slavery. I was at the Lincoln Memorial today. Nothing in there now. Just its… Rick Perry could not place the correct century for the American Revolution. He thought it happened in the 1500s. Rick… Sweetheart, come on. 1776. Theres a musical by this name. People sing it. Mexicans know this date. Children know this date. Everybody knows, when Jesus sat down to write the Constitution, it was in 1776. Thats the year the British stole the Wright brothers plane And flew it into Uncle Toms cabin. We all know our history. [Chuckles] Not the 1500s. Fuck. Thats when Washington crossed the Danube… To blow up that abortion clinic. No. No, I made that part up, but… Sarah Palin… [Audience groaning] Whos carrying my baby… [Cheering and laughter] Let me finish! Sarah Palin once said that Paul Revere made his ride to warn the British… She said this… About the Second Amendment 11 years before it was written, So I think when they say hes the most radical president weve ever had, what they mean is hes black, OK? This is… this is the word that sticks in their throat. They are dying to say it every minute! Hes black! Does nobody see this?! Theres a black family eating off the White House china, And nobody…  But they cant say that, so theyre always calling him a terrorist or a communist or an Afro-communist, the loud tribesman, And every euphemism. Newt Gingrich always calls him the food stamp president. Nothing racist there. Wink, wink. Im just saying that when the first black president became president, All he wanted to do was walk through the ghetto, passing out food stamps. Im just say… nothing… when he wasnt selling crack, obviously, or throwing dice behind the Dumpster at Popeyes chicken. Those are the goals he had, but nothing racist. I mean, first of all, can you imagine taking moral advice from Newt Gingrich? A man who left his first wife when she got cancer… People know this… Left his second wife when she got MS, and they write about that. But I think the deeper question is, How come, when Newt Gingrich fucks you… [Laughter] You get very, very sick? I think we should look into that first. [Cheering and applause] So you know what? They can deny all they want that theres something racial going on here, But there is a kind of in your face disrespect for this president Ive never seen anywhere else. Heckling him at the State of the Union. [Applause] You lie! Remember that guy? The governor of Arizona sticking her finger in his face, Bill OReilly interrupting him every two seconds. People dont do that to presidents. There was a Republican Congressman who said, I cannot stand to be in the same room with him. You know, they hated Clinton. They didnt say that about him, and his come was on the furniture. So I… I think theres something racial going on, Which is not to say that liberals cant be stupid about race, too, but at least their stupidity comes from niceness. You know, theyre too sensitive. I just say the word race, and I can feel the sphincters tightening… Which is silly! Like, if I say… And Ive said this before and Ive gotten booed… That I think tattoos look stupid on black people. [Scattered applause] Right. Its not racist. I just cant make out what it is. I mean, Is that a rose or a babys head on that? I just cant… Thats not racist, and honestly, I dont think tattoos look good on anybody. [Cheering and applause] Especially… Especially the ones in writing. Really? You couldnt just remember that? Only the strong survive. Yeah, you know. A Post-It note on the refrigerator. Is there anybody walking around, Oh, I wish I could remember what my philosophy of life is. Oh, yeah, thats right. Thank you, arm! Ha ha ha! You really saved my ass! Say thank you to the ass. Oh, look, I got one back there, too. Oh, shit, its in Chinese. I cant wait for the people who have the Chinese symbol to someday get that translated: Enjoy the dog meat, whitey. You know, thats what it probably says. But I tell you something, of all the racists I think In the Republican party, you know who the worst one is? Donald Trump. Donald Trump. Yes, and Ill tell you why. [Cheering and applause] Donald Trump sued me last year for $5 million. Do you know this? Yes! 5… And heres how this came about. Donald Tru… heh heh! Donald Trump. Donald Trump thinks [As Donald Trump] we have a feud… [Regular voice] because he wont do my show. As if I could give a fuck if that moron did my show. We have a feud because he became a presidential candidate. Now youre on my turf. And not just a presidential candidate, a one-issue candidate… All about how Obama was illegitimate as a president. Remember, he was sending his investigators [As Donald Trump] to Hawaii… Who were finding amazing things? [Regular voice] Yeah, like the price of the Mai Tais in the hotel bar and, What an idiot our boss is To send us here on an expense account. Amazing things. Yeah, were still waiting for those results. Anyway, so after Obama releases his long-form birth certificate, Trump goes to, Well, now I want to see his college records. You know, cause a black guy getting into college? Something fishy about that, all right? So he offers the President of the United States… Real class… $5 million to release his college records, so I offered Donald Trump… Yes, on the air… $5 million if he could prove that he was not the love child of his mother and an orange-haired orangutan. [Laughter, cheering, and applause] Wait. Heh heh heh! Not… Not for no reason because we showed with pictures that there are only two things in nature that have that exact same color hair… Donald Trump and an orange-haired orangutan. [Laughter] And this dummy releases his birth certificate and sues me and goes to the press and turns what was a one-night, one-joke gag into a three-month national debate over whether his mother fucked an ape. [Laughter] He is not a bright man. So… [Chuckles] I am not going to say another word about Donald Trump. All right. Im going to say one more thing about Donald Trump. No, no. One more thing. But its not even really about him. Im just using him to ask a moral question. Are you ready for a moral question? [Applause] You sound like a great crowd. Are you ready for a moral question? AUDIENCE: Yes! Great. Here it is. Its 1956. Youre in the locker room at Penn State. [Soft laughter] You see a 10-year-old Donald Trump walking into the showers with Jerry Sandusky. Do you save Jerry? A moral question, ladies and gentlemen. [Chuckles] Now, look, I tell you something, I understand why Donald Trump votes Republican. I understand why anyone in the top 1% of wage earners Votes Republican. They represent you perfectly. Anybody else who votes Republican are Just one of corporate Americas useful idiots. [Applause] Its true. I mean, weve seen the people at the Tea Party rallies. Theyre not wealthy. How come their agenda is exactly the same as the Koch brothers? How come in their mind the problem with our economy is not banks that are too big to fail or CEOs That make 500 times what the average worker makes or lobbyists who write the laws, literally? No, the problem with our economy is poor people hoarding money. [Laughter] The takers! If theres one thing that drives Republicans nuts! I mean, obviously, other than the scourge of voter fraud. Dont… dont get me started on that. But this other thing that drives them nuts, its the takers. The 47%. Remember them? The 47% of them who dont pay any income taxes. Just mooching off the federal tit. Sucking on the tit of… Get off my tits, you… My tits are sore from you people sucking on my tits so much. This is why they hate Obamacare. They see it as just another giveaway. You subsidize one kids inhaler, Every kid is going to think breathing is an entitlement. [Laughter] Thats not blood youre coughing up, Billy. Thats freedom. [Laughter] But, of course, the problem with Obamacare is not too much socialism. Its still too much capitalism. You know, every other big-boy country in the w… [Audience member whistles, others applaud] Thank you, liberals. [Cheering and applause] Every other big-boy country in the world has figured this out, That you can have 90% of the economy. Just certain things should not be left to the profit motive, like health care, like people living and dying… Like prisons should not be for-profit, And they are in this country. Education should not be for profit. Elections should not be for profit. Wars. Halliburton shouldnt be making a killing Making a killing. [Applause] But on the Right, there is this perverse view that the free market is always the perfect answer for everything. And government… [blows raspberry] Government! Government should only do three things… Bomb Arabs, pay farmers not to grow corn… [Laughter] And name buildings after Ronald Reagan. Thats always a winner, isnt it? [Chuckles] You know this. No, I just want to know from the Republicans, how do they do it? How do they get struggling and working-class people to vote for them? [Woman yells] What is it? [Woman yells again] Again, the… MAN: Jesus. Yeah. OK, you run with that. [Laughter] [Man yelling] No. Actually… MAN: ribbon cutting… BILL: Whats that? MAN: your vow to kick Donald Trumps ass at the Post Office Pavilion Ribbon cutting. WOMAN: We love you, Bill Maher. [Cheering and applause] BILL: Im so glad that my HBO special has turned into a Tea Party rally. [Laughter and applause] Hopefully, the difference is we have security. No, its ironic because Obamas slogan was Hope, And I think what the Republicans always sell is Hope and the word they use is soon. I notice they use that all the time. After the State of the Union last time, the Republican rebuttal, the guy said, You know, Democrats are always talking about haves and have-nots. Thats not how we see it in the Republican party. We see haves and soon-to-haves. [Laughter] Fuck you. This is so cynical. This holding out the carrots. Im going to be the next one. Soon for me! Its pathetic. Its like the way my dog looks at me in the car, like, Tomorrow youll let me drive? [Laughter] The senator from Florida, Marco Rubio, in his stump speech, He always says, When Americans drive through a wealthy neighborhood, theyre not jealous. They look at those fine houses and they say, Congratulations. Well be joining you soon.' You know what, other than winning the lottery, What path is there for the nurse, you know, or the fireman, the cop, all the people we say are our heroes? The soldier. What path is there for them to be joining you soon in the mansion on the hill? I happen to know this one is bullshit Because for whatever reason, when I was a kid, my father used to like to drive through wealthy neighborhoods, Like, you know, when the Christmas lights were up. I never once heard that we would be joining them soon. [Laughter] This never came up in the car. He just liked to look. Its like we went to the zoo. He didnt think he was going to be a rhinoceros. He just wanted to look at it. [Applause] [Chuckles] Its funny also the way that people who hate socialism so much are the first ones online for government giveaways. Tea Party people love Medicare. They love Social Security. Its perks. Thats what government is. Its giving people free shit, and people love free shit. Every government does it, including the Republicans. Bush did it. Remember the prescription drug program for the elderly? It wasnt needed. They were getting their drugs through Medicare, but, you know, its a vote getter. [As George W. Bush] Hey, here are some free drugs. Have a drug… You know, Viagra had just come out, So, Hey, have a boner on Bush. What do you think about that? [Laughter] Hey, remember me on election day, Wont you, folks? Im the guy who gave you that boner… George Bush… [Regular voice] Really. Thats all it is, perks. Same as religion, by the way. Religion is also perks. Those perks are just better because, you know, youre selling an invisible product, so… You know, really… Nobody ever came back from heaven and gave it a bad Yelp review. [Applause] Oh, I was expecting so much more. What a disappointment after all the hype. No. Ha ha! Now, people know this about me, Im not an especially religious person, but, um… [Laughter] No, its true. That is true about me. But I got to say, I kind of like this Pope Frank. First of all, hes just a lot more… [Applause] Cosmopolitan than every pope. You know, hes from Argentina. He was a Jesuit. His real name is Jorge Bergoglio. Sounds like an expensive pair of shoes, doesnt it? Hey, look at these Jorge Bergoglios. Theyre, like, 850 bucks. And, also, I love it that, you know, he doesnt take this shit too seriously. You know, a couple of months ago, this woman called up the Vatican and said that she wanted to take Communion again and they wouldnt let her because she was divorced and remarried, which I remember is a big no-no in the Catholic church. And the Pope actually called her back and said, Yeah, go ahead. He did. He was like, Ah, just… fuck it… and do it. You know what? Just fucking do it. They got a lot of rules around here, but just do it. I mean, hes like that. The first pronouncement he made when he became Pope, He said atheists can go to heaven. And we were like, Well, we dont believe in it, But its a nice gesture. We appreciate that. And trust me, when he said that, The other dudes in the Vatican were like, Oh, we got to prepare the poison now. This guy is just off message. And he is. He is the Joe Biden of Catholicism. He really is. [Applause] A couple of months in, he said, We shouldnt judge gays. [Cheering] And the Vatican people were like, What?! What are you talking about? Thats what we do here, gays judging gays. Thats our whole thing. [Laughter and applause] So… [Cheering] Now, how about my man, John Paul II, becoming a saint this year? [Faint applause] Oh, you people are so jaded. You know what? This is big. This is sainthood, baby. OK, let me tell you, let me school you on what goes on in the Catholic church. To become a saint, you need two confirmed miracles. Confirmed. No bullshit. [Laughter] I love the Catholic church. I love the way they take their own shit so seriously, the bullshit they invented. And then theyre like, Oh, yeah, thats serious. [Laughter] So heres what happened. John Paul II died in 2005. Remember, Bush went to the funeral. Oh, it was like his best day in office. He was like a kid at the circus. He fucking loved it. It was like… [As George W. Bush] Oh, nobody is answering any hard questions about me, and theres other world leaders here and a dead Christian guy and theres colors and pageantry. [Regular voice] He was in heaven. OK. Ha ha! So he dies in 2005. Got his first miracle in 2007, Which is, like, ridiculously early, but I knew he could do it. And when he got that one, I fucking called it. I predicted… I said he is going to drop another miracle within five years, And he fucking did it. He got his second. You know what the second miracle was? I am not making this up… A brain-sick peasant in Costa Rica prayed to the dead Pope to get better and did! [Laughter and applause] Doesnt get any more confirmed than that, OK, people? One thing happened, and then another thing happened. Its called science. Look it up on the Google. [Chuckles] But you know what, the silver lining in this is that millennials… not religious. They just did a survey. Millennials… So much less religious Than any other generation weve ever had in America. And people talk all the time… [Applause] about how the Republicans have a problem with women, which they do, of course, and they have a problem with minorities, which they do. But what they dont talk about is They have a problem with young people Because the Republican party gets more religious And the young people get less. In the last Pew survey… Get this… 48% of Republicans said evolution is a lie. 22% said Obama is or very well might be the Antichrist. Like thats a thing. [Laughter] Heres a great one from that poll. 44% said Obama will Find a way to stay in office after 2017. [Laughter] Wow. That is full-on eat a paint chip nuts. [Laughter] Find a way. Heres a great one… 41% of Republicans think Benghazi was the worst scandal in American history. Second worst was when Kanye West grabbed the mike from Taylor Swift, obviously. Second worst day, but… Yes, they are… so obsessed with Benghazi. They want to know whether it was planned, like Pearl Harbor, Or unplanned, like a Palin pregnancy. [Laughter] If you watch Fox News, it is Benghazi 24/7. Heres what happened in their Fox News mind… in their bubble. Heres what happened when the shit started to go down in Benghazi. They called up Obama… Not his real name. His real name is a series of African clicking sounds. [Clicks tongue] Thats his name. So… They called up President… [Clicking tongue] Wait. Let me… Let me get this. Ooh. Ha ha! [Clicking tongue] Thats his name. They called up that guy, but he was praying to Mecca, so he couldnt take the call. So then they called up Then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, Who took the call but said, I dont care if Americans are dying. Im having lesbian sex. Now, go away and bring me another big plate of pussy. Thats what she said. Heres one. Ha ha! Heres one. You probably could guess this one that I love from the poll of Republicans. 45% of Republicans think that Obama is probably not a real American because he feels foreign. Feels foreign. Well, you know what, to me, John Boehner feels female. [Laughter] He does. He… ha ha! He wears a lot of bronzer. You know, he gets teary over nothing. Im always like, This guy is tanned, rested, and hormonal, for crying out loud. Is he the speaker of the House or the mother of the bride? [Laughter] Maybe thats the source of the Republican problem with women because they sure do have a problem with women. You know that Obama beat Mitt Romney among single women 67-31. Those numbers you dont often see in American politics. That is a very clear message, and the message is, Get off me. Oh, women must be so tired of Republican Congress people being medical supergeniuses about their vagina. Its… [Applause] Lets switch it up for a while and hear what gynecologists have to say About the national debt, shall we? I mean, when did this start in America That everybody gets to weigh in On womens private reproductive issues? Hobby Lobby. Who gives a shit what Hobby Lobby thinks? Hobby Lobby gets a vote? Theyre a Pentecostal yarn store. You sell glue sticks to cat ladies. Why are you getting to voice an opinion on somebody elses… [Laughter] Politicians never used to talk about this shit, And now they cant stop. Mike Huckabee, who wants to be president of the United States, said this year… He said, Women vote for the Democratic party Because Democrats are the party of government And they pay for their birth control. And then he actually said, And women cant control their libido… Especially around Mike Huckabee. Am I right, ladies? [Chuckles] If anybody would know. I mean, this never used to happen. They had contraception in the fifties. I swear to God, Eisenhower never once used the word libido. I mean, if somebody had asked Eisenhower about contraception, he would have went, What? I was a general. I sent men to kill and die. I dont care what you do with your come. Go ask your mommy. [Applause] But… [Applause] And, you know, the old-school Republicans, the indoor Republicans, the potty-trained Republicans, they want to get these other nuts to stop talking about womens lady parts, but they cant help themselves. Its like Dr. Strangeloves arm, you know? Its just, Uh! I cant help it. Even when they try to impress women, they fuck it up. Remember Mitt Romney with the binders full of women? Right? Im not making that up. Mitt Romney actually said, trying to big himself up about women, said, You know, when I was governor, I wanted To hire women… But I didnt know any. Thats where the binders came in. Thats when he ordered… Bob, get me everything we have on women. [Laughter] This could be big, Bob. I want to get in on the ground floor. I dont want to get scooped on this one. Women as workers. This could be really something. They work for less. I know I love that. So lets get on this right away. [Applause] There was a Republican Congressman from Missouri who said that fetuses masturbate in the womb. I could not make… [Laughter] I know. You thought that was the baby kicking. No, no. Thats whacking, not kicking. No. Thats that. [Chuckles] You know what? I have done every drug known to man. [Scattered cheers] This thought never came into my mind. [Laughter] I mean, a lot of crazy thoughts came into my mind, and I swatted them away, But never once, no matter what I was doing, Did I ever think, Yeah, theres kids whacking in there. Thats probably… I mean, why would you even say that? Why? Of course! Because theyre all abortion nuts. Thats why. Theyre always trying to prove that science knows that life begins earlier and earlier. How can you kill that kid? Hes having a great time in there. Hes whacking, and hes watching videos… Oh, yes, the one branch of science they believe in. Sorry, global warming. If only you were caused by sluts fucking, we could do something about you. [Applause] Its always about sluts fucking. Im telling you, these people never got over the sexual revolution. Fuck. They never got over the Civil War. What am I talking about? But especially the sexual revolution. In their mind, life begins when a man and a woman share an appetizer. [Laughter] And God loves every single, solitary speck and goo of human life until it tries to sneak into America, and then life can go fuck itself. [Cheering] Oh, yeah. America is a shining city on a hill. And we dont need a bunch of Guatemalan kids Tracking mud through it. No, theyre crazy in the mind because America is finally changing. This is what is so scary to them. Hispanics are ascendant in this country. We do have a black president. A third of the country can get gay-married. A third of the country has medical marijuana. [Applause] America is changing. Two states have regular old roll up a fatty and watch SpongeBob marijuana. [Cheering] Im telling you, its a new dawn of some kind. Theres a Hindu in Congress, theres two Muslims in Congress. There are 6 openly gay people in Congress. I know we missed it this time, But the NFL… The barrier has been broken… Is going to have a gay player very soon. [Applause] I predict in five years, the NFL will be completely gay. [Laughter] [Chuckles] There will be new penalties like, Eligible man downfield. Roughing the snapper. You know. Thats the snapper now. I made that part up. No, its true. This is whats rocking their world, is that heterosexuals are not getting married anymore And gay people are. Its nothing logical. Its just this onslaught of gay and pot and black and Hispanic! You know, its the sixties dorm room That they were never invited into. Thats the problem. I think thats the problem. [Applause] I just hope that Democrats will evolve on the pot issue as quickly as they did on the gay marriage issue because I notice… which is to say not very quickly at all… But as soon as gay marriage hit 51% approval in the polls, Ooh, there was a lot of evolving on it. Suddenly… ha ha! And I notice a lot of them use the same excuse, which was, Well, you know my kids have gay friends, And we had them over to dinner. It was lovely and none of them leapt across the table and tried to have anal sex with me. So I guess its all good on the gay thing. Well, dont hold your breath for that. Ill say this for the Republicans, Republicans make polls. Democrats run from polls. The repeal of… [Audience member applauds] Thank you, one person. The repeal of dont ask, dont tell in the military was polling at 75% approval. Thats super-high in America. Nope. Democrats still needed to do one more study to cover their ass. So they did a study to find out whether having gays in the ranks Would impede readiness. [Scattered laughter] Yeah, exactly. How do you even study this? Uh, Johnson, get in here and blow me… While I fire this rifle at those targets down there. Let me dig in here. [Clears throat] And then we will repeat the experiment when youre not blowing me. And well see if it impedes readiness, all right? Here we go. A little to the left. No, not you. Youre perfect. [Laughter] Really? [Applause] [Chuckles] I have to ask, how come it is that in the military and the clergy, they talk about homosexuality like its this thing that if youre around it at all, you will be tempted. I mean, Ive been in show business my whole life. Im around it. I was never tempted. I never walked into a wardrobe trailer and went, Ah! [Laughter] I bet I could fuck a lot of the guys in here. Because I dont fuck guys. But somehow in the military and the clergy, its like dessert at a fine restaurant. Just… Oh, dont put that in front of me. [Laughter] [Applause] Oh, youre bad. No! No. Well, I havent sucked any all week. I suppose I could have one. And, you know, whenever you see a Congressman or a clergyman get caught with a young boy, I notice that the go-to first excuse to let everybody down easy is Always the words, I am not a perfect man. If you hear I am not a perfect man, Just put the cock in his mouth right there. [Muffled] I am not a perfect man. [Chuckles] But Im not gay. Oh, come on! Whered you get this shit? Honey, am I gay? Do I do anything gay? [Laughter] Dont you feel bad for the wife in a sex scandal, although I actually think the age of the sex scandal is over because the technology we have between TMZ and the NSA, nobody can get away with anything. Look at poor Anthony Weiner. He never even got laid. [Laughter] He was just typing and masturbating and typing and masturbating, and happily. You know, sometimes these women would write back to him and say, We could make this happen for real, And hed be like, Ew. [Laughter] What do you mean, for real? How gross! You mean I touch you? No! Im typing and masturbating and typing and masturbating. This must be a generational thing, honestly. I dont associate typing with sex. I associate typing With term papers that are due the next day. Thats what I associate typing with. [Applause] But its certainly not the case, as so many people say, That theyre hornier now… More now than ever. Theyre not hornier more than ever. Kennedy was hornier than any… The founding fathers were the horniest generation of all. Its just that they couldnt get caught back then. There was no way you could send a picture of your penis to a woman. I mean, you could but you had to sit for a dick portrait. [Laughter] Yeah, a little to the left, Mr. President. Thank you. Youd have to frame it and put it on a carriage. It was a… well, you know. But this is the age we live in. People put their shit up online. Weve seen Anthony Weiners penis. Were going to see a presidents penis someday. This is why I am so for circumcision. You know, th… [Scattered cheers] There is this movement to get rid of circumcision. Oh, people hate it. Its child abuse and genital mutilation And its desecration of the human flesh. Whatever! I am for it. And if everybodys gonna put their junk online… Anything that makes a penis look less like something that lives in the ocean… [Laughter] Should be applauded, encouraged, and federally funded. I will be in your office tomorrow looking for funding. Thank you very much, ladies and gentlemen. You were an awesome crowd. I thank you for coming out, Waiting for me to arrive, the whole 9 yards. Thank you, HBO and our staff, And everybody here in Washington. It was so great. Thank you! [Cheering and applause] * MAN: Real… [Cheering continues]

NEAL BRENNAN@WOMEN AND BLACK DUDES@2014@[Hip-hop music plays] [cheers and applause] man: * aight * [cheers and applause continue] Brennan: whats up, yall? Hi. How are you? [cheers and applause] Good. Um, hey, thanks for having me, first of all. Thank you, New Orleans. Thank you very much. [cheers and applause] So, hey, have you guys had that thing happen to you yet where you realize youre too dependent on technology? Yeah, it happened to me. My buddy was visiting from out of town, and he called me up. He was like, dude, I need directions to your house. I was like, all right, cool. You got a pen? And he goes, yeah, and I go, write this down. heres the directions. Youre gonna go to google.com. [laughter] Youre gonna type in my address. [laughter] Do whatever they say. [laughter] He was like, Im not near a computer right now, and I was like, all right, do you have GPS on your phone? He goes, no, I have, like, an old flip phone. Like, well, then I dont think you can come to my house. [laughter] I have cable and running water. Its gonna freak you out. [laughter] I was just in Seattle a couple weeks ago. Washington state now… [crowd cheers] yeah… Washington state said, you know, weed legal. [cheers and applause] Weed legal, texting and driving against the law. [laughter] So, basically, a cop could pull you over, walk up to the car, see you rolling a joint on your lap, and be like, oh, Im sorry, sir, I thought you were texting and driving. Have a great day. [laughter and applause] So, I live in California, and California, the law is that we cant talk on the phone and drive. We cant text and drive. To talk on the phone and drive, we got to have the hands-free device. But my hands-free device broke recently, like a year and a half ago. [laughter] So, we all have same plan pretty much for not getting pulled over… Heres what we do. Well be driving along, talking to our friend, look over, see a cop. [laughter] [cheers and applause] [laughter] [laughter continues] Then you got to yell to your friend like, yo, theres a cop next to me. Just hang out for a second, all right? [laughter] Same plan? Yeah. Never catch us, these bitch-ass cops. [laughs] Texting and driving… Also illegal. That, I got to say, I agree with, though, cause texting and driving is some mind-bending shit, isnt it? Youll be driving along and be like, you know what? let me just click on… [laughter] text my friend here. You look up, and youre like, wow. Was I driving that whole time? [laughter] That shit was dangerous. Fuck. [laughter] Cause when I looked down, I was on the highway. And now Im in my garage. [laughter] Well, at least it was an important text. [laughter] No, youre retarded. [laughter] [laughs] Not supposed to say retarded. but I think we all have a word that were like, no, Im gonna keep saying that one. [laughter] I got a couple. Um, you know why we all have a word? You know why we keep saying retarded, even though we shouldnt, is cause, uh, cause were dicks. [laughter] You know how you know human beings are dicks is by who we hold up as great cause theyre not even really that great. Like, Mother Teresas famous cause she gave away free soup. But were such dicks, we heard that and like, wait a minute. She gave away free soup? she didnt charge for croutons or nothing? This womans a frickin saint. Martin Luther Kings famous cause he said, hey, despite the differences in the color of our skin, lets all be good to each other. Again, were such dicks, we heard this, were like, racial tolerance? who thinks of this shit? Youre getting your own holiday, Martin Luther King. Yeah, your birthday, I dont go to work. Thats how much you mean to me. [laughter] Jesus is famous cause he said, treat other people the way you want them to treat you. We heard this, were like, this Jesus is on some next-level shit. [laughter] Were gonna worship you, Jesus, and your dad. This doesnt end tonight, believe me. [laughter] Necklaces with you on it, t-shirts. Youre my homeboy. Were gonna worship your mom but not your stepdad, cause fuck him for some reason. [laughter and applause] Joseph got a raw deal, huh? More on that in a second. [laughter] You know, Jesus… Like, were crazy into Jesus. Like, if aliens came down to earth, theyll be like, who is this guy with the beard you guys are so into? Oh, his name is Jesus. From Nazareth. [laughter] Really? What did he do that was so great? What he did that was so great was, he told us to be nice to each other. [laughter] This was recently? [laughter] No, actually, this was a couple thousand years ago, as a matter of fact. And no one else has said that since? Uh, no, one other guy… Black dude with a mustache. Martin Luther King… He said it, too. All right, so, let me get this straight. You guys are such dicks that in 2,000 years, only two of you went around saying, hey, everyone, lets be nice? Yeah, but I dont think that makes us dicks. All right, well, whatd you do to those two? All right, were dicks. [laughter] [applause] So, yeah, so, back to Joseph. [laughter] Worst part of the Bible! Worst part of the Bible. He goes out of town, comes back, Marys like, Im pregnant. And hes like, we havent had sex in six months. No, it was a ghost. Oh, thats gonna be easier for me to deal with emotionally. All right, fair enough. [laughter] I got to say, Im way too passive-aggressive, cause if I were Joseph and Mary was like, hey, would you mind changing Jesus diaper? Id be like, no, but maybe the ghost will. Any word from the ghost? Anything about chipping in a jerusa-dollars for Jesus preschool? Nothing? [laughter] I got to get a bartending job cause of the ghost? All right, fair enough. [laughter] Im all gacked out on… On Jesus. [chuckles] Now, I went to catholic school 12 years. So, catholic school… All right, first of all, catholic school 12 years, peoples first question when they hear that is, hey, Neal, did you get molested? its the sign of a classy organization, isnt it? And to answer the question, no, I didnt get molested. I fucked a few priests. [laughter] But I didnt get… I didnt get molested. I aint no bitch, you understand? 8-year-old me fucking a priest. Forgive me, father. You know why. [laughs] wshoo! [laughter] [cheers and applause] Catholic school is like prison. You got to strike first. [laughter] [laughs] see, growing up catholic, it, you know, it makes people crazy. Like christian politicians are nuts to me, like where we cant have any contraception anywhere in the school. Theyll be like, we cant have condoms in the schools, cause if we have condoms in the schools, kids will automatically have sex with each other. Which makes about as much sense as kids being like, hey, I got some band-aids. We should cut each other. Makes no sense. [laughter] and then theres all this stuff in the bible that you kind of take at face value, growing up. And then you get a little distance from it, and youre kind of like, wait. What? like, this is a letter from Paul to the Philippians. like, all right. when you give it a little distance, you go, who writes letters to entire groups of people? [laughter] this is a letter from Larry to the Puerto Ricans. [laughter] dear Puerto Ricans, would you mind keeping the music down? [laughter] Sincerely, big Lar. [laughs] [laughter] So, 12 years of catholic school, then I moved to New York, started hanging out with black dudes. [laughter] Bang. Bang. Bang. [laughter and applause] I dont know them. They just are here. [laughter] [sniffles] You barely qualified, youre so light-skinned, by the way. [laughter and applause] [laughs] yeah, so, I got a lot of black friends. I have like over, uh… Over 20. Now its like almost 30. Um… No, I got a lot of black friends. Heres the thing about my black friends. My black friends can relax in a way that my white friends cant. White people, were not very good at relaxing. You know why? I figured it out, cause were always worrying about the rules. And whos breaking the rules. The other thing about being white… You got to admit it… We got tattletale in our DNA. [laughter] we got snitch in our blood, white people. Ill be at a nightclub with my black friends. Itll be packed. Everybodys drinking, dancing, laughing, having a great time, and Im trying to fit in like, there must be 350 people in here right now. I wonder what the fire marshal would have to say about that? [laughter] [laughter continues] white people love the rules so much that we will go on police ride-alongs… For fun. [laughter] do you have any idea how white that is? You ever try to explain that to black people, like, yeah, I call the precinct. I say, hey, this is Neal. Im white, and Id like to go for a ride-along. they send over a squad car. I get in the back seat, which is fun for me cause what other opportunity would I have to do that? [laughs evilly] [laughter] [cheers and applause] [laughs evilly] [laughter] [laughs evilly] White people… We love the rules. And we should, white people. We made em. [laughter and applause] we made em. Native Americans had their rules. Were like, no, thank you. Brought our own. some rules are really obvious white people made. You know what the most obvious white rule of all time is? no loitering. [laughter and applause] [scoffs] you know what black people call loitering? chillin. thats correct. [laughter] but white people tried it, they were like, all right, lets see about this chillin here. try this out. No, weve got to outlaw that. I dont like that one bit. [laughter] its far too relaxing. Were not making a profit. Were not invading anything. I dont like it. [laughter] but theres a price to pay, white people, for loving the rules as much as we do. We cant sleep. Never… Ive never met a black insomniac in my entire life. [laughter] meanwhile, every white person I know has sleep issues. You know why? Cause were up tossing and turning every night, thinking about who broke the rules that day. [laughter] he doesnt think I saw him, but, oh, yeah, I saw you, Chet. And guess what? tomorrow, Im telling. You know when Im telling? White peoples favorite time of day… First thing in the morning. [laughter] [applause] Cant sleep, white people. We need body pillows to get to sleep, need the mattress with the red wine balanced on top of it. [laughter] humidifier, dehumidifier… [laughter] an ionizer from the sharper image, a white- noise machine from the skymall, sleep masks, breathe easy nose strips, ambien, tylenol p.m. You want to know what it takes my black friends to fall asleep? A bite of a sandwich and a moment of silence. [laughter] [applause] Theyre out. My white friends, asleep, it looks like theyre on life support, they have so much shit in their room. [laughter] My black friends, it looks like they fell asleep midconversation. [laughter] Heres the other thing about my black friends. Theyre all in better shape than me. All of them… The old ones, the babies… Theyre all in better shape than me. [laughter] I have a ton of black baby friends. Im not gonna apologize for that. No, theyre all in better shape. Im white, Im vegan, I work out twice a week, and I basically have the body of a black dude who just got out of a coma, pretty much. [laughter] Like, I was thinking its a good thing Superman landed in Smallville and not, like, Detroit. [laughter] cause if Superman landed in Detroit, he would have been, like, the fourth fastest dude on his football team. [laughter] Youre fast, Clark, but youre no Jevaris Morrison. [laughter] [laughs] Yeah, Im vegan. Please, please hold your applause. No, I got… I, you know, I live in L.A. So its easy to be vegan. You need big cities. New York, L.A., its easy, but the rest of the country, you might as well walk up to people and be like, hey, where do faggots eat? [laughter] I wish I had more on that joke. Thats the whole joke. [laughter] [laughs] But thats whats great about stand-up. Its like, I say faggot, you know Im the faggot in that joke. Its fine. Thats… Offstage, thats… We can say stuff. Like, offstage especially, like, me and my black comic friends will have the best conversations where theyll say funny stuff about white people and Ill say funny stuff about black people, and its cool. But theyll be like, Neal, you know white people are sick in the head, right? thats why yall be killing motherfuckers and freezing them and eating them months later. So you people are deranged, brother. Thats why you never see any black serial killers, is cause black people arent sick in the head like white people are. Im like, no, dude, the reason Ive never seen a black serial killer is cause you guys kill one person and are immediately arrested. [laughter] Maybe if you didnt write a song about it that afternoon. [laughter] Howd you catch me? Hot 97. All right, fair enough. [laughter] I got a lot of Mexican friends. Heres the thing. I live in the southwest. People want to deport Mexicans. Why would you want to deport the hardest-working people on the planet? Mexicans are the hardest-working people on the planet. Mexicans… [cheers and applause] Mexicans, please, conserve your energy. We need you for work tomorrow. [laughter] Two more jokes, and its vámonos, okay? [laughter] White people are gonna need you tomorrow. You know what time? First thing in the morning. Thats correct. [laughs] [laughter and applause] [chuckles] People want to deport Mexicans. Mexicans are the hardest-working people on the planet. You know why I say the planet? Look at Europe. You know why everythings so old in Europe? Cause they dont have any Mexicans there to build them new shit? [laughter] Mexicans would have a new Colosseum up in three days, for real. Two days if we paid them cash. [laughter] Still not convinced? All right. Mexicans will stand around… All day in a parking lot… Just in case some work breaks out. [laughter] Do you understand that? Theyre like hookers for construction jobs. [laughter and applause] You wont see any other race of people doing that. Whenever I see a bunch of Mexicans standing in line in a parking lot, I think home depot. Whenever I see a bunch of white people standing in line in a parking lot, I think Harry Potter premiere. [laughter and applause] [chuckles] I got a lot of Asian friends, as well. I got in trouble with my Asian friends and people on twitter, cause last… When Jeremy Lin first started playing well… The kid plays for the rockets… He used to play for the Knicks… linsanity… First Asian-american basketball player to do really well… And everybody was calling him linsanity, Cinderella story, the underdog… So, finally, I went on twitter, and I said, you guys, Im afraid if you keep calling Jeremy Lin an underdog, his family will eat him. [laughter] I thought I beat them fair and square, but I lost a lot of followers that day. Thats all Im gonna say. [laughter] Im stupid about this race stuff, cause I used to always ask people if they were mixed… If they were half white and half Asian… I would always ask them which parent was what race. But I realized its a stupid question. You know why? If someones mixed… If someones half white and half Asian… The dad was never Asian. [laughter] [applause] Ever. White girls are just not into Asian dudes. Like, Ive never been to the club and been like, fuck, the Asian guys are here. [laughter and applause] White dudes, though, were, like, Asian-girl-crazy. We got all these dumb-ass old stereotypes about them, too, like, shes gonna make me soup. What? [laughter] Shes gonna walk on my back. What are you talking about? [laughter] Like, when I see Lucy Liu, Im like, God, I got to have her. When the average white girl sees Jackie Chan, shes like, huh. [laughter] I wonder what Chris Tucker has been up to recently. [laughter] [chuckles] So, yeah, I think about race all the time. Solutions… Eh, I dont know. People try to come… White people especially have terrible solutions for it. Like, they dont even know what the… Like, there was a story on 60 minutes last year about Huckleberry Finn, the book… Mark Twain book, Huckleberry Finn. all right, Huckleberry Finn… I didnt even remember this… Huckleberry Finn has a bunch of n words in it. Its got 219 n words in it… Yeah… Which to me is six too many. [laughter] Theres a line. You know what I mean? All right, so, now, the story was about white peoples big plan is, they want to get rid of all the n words in Huckleberry Finn. It was just some typical white-people shit for you. Like, thats white peoples grand solution for helping black people. Like, some white statisticians like, you know, fellas, Ive been looking at the numbers. black people have shorter life-spans, cant get loans, and dont have access to fair education. But I think I have the solution. Were gonna get rid of the n words in Huckleberry Finn. Its gonna change everything forever. Like, some black kids dropping out of school will be like, fuck school. Im gonna sell drugs for the rest of my life, and theyll be like, hey, Donnell, we got rid of the n words in Huckleberry Finn.' You did what, now? All right. [laughter] All right, this is where I over-think it, this racial stuff. Cause you know who I feel bad for now? I feel bad for Mark Twain aficionados. Cause think about it. Now when they go to get the original Huckleberry Finn, theyre gonna seem like complete racists. [laughter] theyre gonna have to go into bookstores like, hi. [laughter] hey, kind of a crazy question, but, uh… [laughter] do you guys happen to carry Huckleberry Finn with the n i g g e r s? [laughter] [applause] [laughter continues] And the redneck behind the counter is gonna be like, sure do, brother. Comes with a free confederate-flag bookmark. Thats for you. [laughter and applause] [chuckles] Relax, you babies. That jokes entirely fictional. A redneck will never work at a bookstore. [laughter] [chuckles] [cheers and applause] Redneck at a bookstore would be like, Pride and Prejudice is the name of my truck. [laughter] [chuckles] That is a very good joke. Thats my smartest joke. [laughter and applause] [chuckles] So, now, all right, so, I said the n word. Were all still here. Like I said, I got a lot of black friends, and, white people, I have actual black friends. And I know a lot of white people, like, think you have black friends, but youre not really friends with somebody unless you can yell at them and they can yell at you back. A lot of white people have two standards for your white friends or your black friends. If one of your white friends screws up, youll get legitimately pissed and be like, dude, what the fuck? but if one of your black friends screws up, you immediately go into human-resources mode, like, Malik… Malik, your behavior has made me very uncomfortable. [laughter] I think, going forward, we need to be more cognizant. [laughter] Ive drawn up a powerpoint. boop. [laughter] plus, Im a hip-hop kid, so Ive been messing with the n word since n.w.a. That was a big one, yeah. Yeah. [cheers and applause] n.w.a. If you dont remember them, they were a rap group. They were… They were straight outta compton. [laughter] [laughs] it was… It was easy-e, ice cube, dr. Dre, a couple other dudes. All right, so, eazy-e died of aids… Hilarious. Um… [laughter] [laughs] Dr. Dre doesnt make music anymore. He just makes headphones, and, um… [laughter] ice cube just makes these shitty-ass family movies. I actually had a movie idea for ice cube where ice cube from 1989 travels forward in time and beats the fuck out of ice cube today. [laughter] he didnt want to do it. All right, so, if you dont know what n.w.a. Stood for, it stood for nigga z with attitude. now, the way I always felt about it, once they had the n, they kind of didnt need the w.a. [laughter] the n did most of the heavy lifting for them. No one was ever like, sir, theres some nigga z here to see you. do they have attitude? [laughter] Im afraid they do, sir. shit! [laughter] Also, I get called the n word every day. Thanks, fellas. No, I get called the n word… No, I get called the n word every day… Text, phone, person, constantly. My black friends constantly call me the n word. Its so bad and its been going on for so long that I call myself the n word when no ones around. Ill be in my car around lunchtime. And Ill be like, nigga, you need to eat. Who are you talking to? [laughter and applause] [laughs] I remember when my black friends first started calling me the n word. Lets face it. It was pretty exciting. [laughter] but it was always confusing cause they were doing it to make me feel like a part of the group, but it actually had the opposite effect cause I couldnt say it back to them. So it just made me feel that much whiter, you know? Id walk up to the group, and theyd be like, whats up, nigga? and Id be like… [laughter] hello! [laughter and applause] [whimpers] [laughter] So, then… So, then, finally one day, I just asked them like, hey, fellas, can I start saying it back? so they had a meeting. [laughter] and I got approved. Yeah. [cheers and applause] [chuckling] thank you very much. They said Im one of six white people thats ever been approved, three of whom… Beastie boys. All right. So, now I could say it, but I forgot I could only say it around brothers I was friends with, cause a couple weeks later, walking down the street. I listening to my ipod. Something called the Craig Mack flava in ya ear remix comes on. All right, a lot of people know. For the rest of you, biggie is on the song… Notorious b.I.g. [cheers and applause] Puffys friend. [laughter] biggies first line is, nigga s is mad. I get more butt than ashtrays, which is a wonderful double entendre. [laughter and applause] biggie really spoke to me. So, Im walking down the street, not paying attention, like, nigga s is mad. I get more butt than ashtrays. and I look up, and this brothers glaring at me. He goes, yo, motherfucker, who the fuck said to say nigga,  white boy? I was like, um… [laughter] do you know Jamal? [laughter] [applause] and he was like, oh, you must be Neal. I heard a lot about you, nigga. Heard you got approved. Give me some love. [laughter] [applause] [cheers and applause] and then he stole my ipod. Look… [laughter] he had every right. You know I had all the music backed up, cause thats what white people do. To the cloud, white people, to the cloud. [laughter] [laughs] All right, so, race, religion. Lets go politics. Im an Obama dude, if you can believe it. Um… [cheers and applause] you know whats amazing about Obama is people dont even realize it. Like, being the first black president isnt even, like, the biggest thing hes done. You know how he met Michelle? Michelle was a lawyer, and he was her intern. Is not the most pimped-out shit youve ever heard in your life? So, she was like, go make some coffee. he was like, yeah, and then, after that, youre gonna give me some pussy? what? [laughter] I like Barack. I got to meet him. Thats part of the reason I like him. I met him last… No, I mean, when you meet somebody, youre like, hes my friend. no, I can call him whenever. I met him for 30 seconds. I met him last year at the white house correspondents dinner. My buddy Seth Meyers hosted it, and I wrote a bunch of jokes with him, and… And we got… I got to go, and the day before, I got, like, a tour of the white house… Like, a good tour. Like, I met the dog. [laughter] totally cool dog, by the way. Hasnt gone to his head at all. Just a real regular dog. [laughter] and then we go through the white house. Then, we go to the oval office. In the oval office, across from the Clinton blow-job desk, it was, like, literally, like the first thing you think is, like, oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. theyre like, you want to touch it? Im like, no thank you. theres… There was a coffee table. On the coffee table, theres a bowl of apples. Seths mom is on the tour, as well, and she goes, hey, are those apples real? and the woman giving us the tour was like, yeah, would one of you like one? Im like, yeah, Im a fucking taxpayer. [laughs] [laughter] So, uh, so, Im eating an apple in the white house, in the oval office. On the wall, Obama has the original copy of the emancipation proclamation, yeah, which Im pretty sure is just there in case the tea partys like, we dont think youre free. all right, look at the wall. [laughs] thats all they have left. This is literally all they have left. So, then, the next day, we go to the correspondents dinner itself, and… And beforehand, theres, like, a little reception, like a small room, like 100 people, probably. Were all in tuxedos. At a certain point, they let the president and first lady in, and they put them behind red-velvet ropes. Were supposed to go up, introduce ourselves, say who we are, get our picture taken. All right, so, Id heard Michelle was a Chappelles Show fan, so I was like, all right, you know what? Let me exploit that shit, for once. kidding… I… I exploit it every day. [laughs evilly] um… So, its my turn, and president Obamas here. First lady Obamas there, and… And I walk up to the president. I go, hey, man, which Im pretty sure youre not supposed to call him. [laughter] but it was better than like, [coolly] hey, man. um… is this your girl? What up, ma? um… [laughter] [normal voice] so, so, so, I go up, and I go… I go, hey, man, my names Neal Brennan, and I created Chappelles Show with Dave Chappelle. and he goes [as Obama] oh, man, we love that show. in fact, thats got to be considered one of the greatest shows of all time, [normal voice] which I got to say… [laughter and applause] I got to say, felt pretty good. Like, if hed wanted a hand job, I wouldve given it to him. [laughter] so, he goes, [as Obama] Michelle, this guy created Chappelles show with Dave Chappelle, [normal voice] so Michelle comes over. And goes, we were so upset when it went off the air, and I go, how do you think I felt? [laughter] so, uh… [laughter] so, now were getting our picture taken, and that day, Obama had gone to Alabama to look at tornado damage, then he went to Cape Canaveral for some NASA stuff, then he goes to Miami, gives a commencement address at a college, then hes gonna come back to d.c., take pictures with weirdos for an hour. Then hes got to do stand-up… Big day. Kills bin laden the next day. Did more in 36 hours than George Bush did in his whole life. All right, so… [laughter, cheers and applause] Yeah. Yeah. All right, so… So, now were getting our picture taken. And theres people lined up to meet him like hes Santa Claus or something. Its like Rupert Murdoch and Sean Penn… Like, literally, wanting to meet him like hes Santa Claus. Like, what do you want for Christmas, little boy? tax cuts. all right. [laughter] so, this is how smooth Obama is. Were getting our picture taken, and I say to him… I go… I go, god, man, this is all so weird. I go, do you ever get used to this? and he goes, nope. and then I swear to god, he goes, but, you know, I cant just up and retire like Dave Chappelle did. [laughter] [cheers and applause] And I was like, motherfucker, what did you say? [laughter] and hes like, you heard me. Chicago, bitch. [laughter] [cheers and applause] secret service was like, let them fight, let them fight. I got $50 on the white boy. [laughter] it was awesome. Smooth dude. Which brings me to Mitt Romney. Doesnt he feel like a weird-ass, like, 80s movie-dad dream we all had of him? [laughter] thing about Romney… Super rich dude. Thats the thing. Everybody wants to be super rich, but heres what you dont think about. If you ever get super rich and then you have kids, theres like a 98% chance that your kids are gonna be dickheads. [laughter] and then you start to get older and dying, and then theyre grown up, wearing yachting outfits, just waiting for you to croak so they can spend your money on cocaine and boats and shit. If I ever get super rich and if I have kids, like, if theyre nice, Ill leave them money in my will, but if theyre dickheads, I got a whole nother plan. Hear me out. All right. Heres what Im gonna do. Im gonna gather my kids around my deathbed. Im gonna be like, look, kids, Im gonna pay for my own funeral. whatevers left over, you kids can split up amongst yourselves. and then Im gonna have the most expensive funeral… in the history of death. [laughter] Im gonna have, like, a platinum casket, my name written in diamonds on the side. My social security number beneath it, too, cause, fuck it, Im dead now. What are they gonna do with it? Open casket. Im gonna buy all kinds of movie props and demand to be buried in them. Im wearing Humphrey Bogarts hat from Casablanca… [laughter] Darth Vaders cape. I got Indiana Jones whip in my right hand… [laughter] Jimi Hendrixs guitar from Woodstock in my left. Im wearing Rockys boxing trunks. I got Dorothys ruby-red slippers on from The Wizard of Oz. [laughter] my kids are gonna be like, were out $15 million on the casket alone. yeah, thats just the beginning. Then theyre gonna hear, ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Jay-Z, Kanye West. [rapping indistinctly] those guys come out. They do the full watch the throne show… Pyro, monitors, standing ovation, then, Jay-Zs like, Neal couldnt decide. who should say his funeral mass, then, he realized it could only be one person. ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the pope. Here comes the pope. I dont know what the pope would say, but based on his outfit, it should probably be something like, boo-oo-oo-oo! [laughter] then the… Then the popes like, Neal always loved comedy. please welcome the cast of Seinfeld reunion. Here they come. Jerry, Elaine, Kramer, George. Kramer steps up. Hes like, are Jay-Z and Kanye still here, by any chance? [laughter and groans] look… look, fellas, I just wanted to apologize for that night at the laugh factory. as a show of reconciliation, Id like to donate $10 million to the united negro college fund. and then a hologram of me appears, and I go, and, Kramer, I will match that donation. [laughter] [cheers and applause] and my kids get like 80 bucks each. [laughter] everyone else there is like, thats the best fucking funeral Ive ever been to in my life. [laughter] hey, you know what Im sick of? Im sick of everybody telling me what tv shows I got to watch. Its, like, all people talk about. I like game of thrones,  bro. hey, mad men.' uh, breaking bad.' uh… [laughter] uh… my buddy wanted me to watch Battlestar Galactica for years, he bugged me. I avoided it. People still into it. I avoided it. Now its on Netflix. My buddy Kevs bugging me, so, finally, I broke down and watched one episode of Battlestar Galactica. and it turns out, you guys, I dont give a fuck about space problems. [laughter] I personally like shows like hoarders and teen mom… Shows that make me feel… [cheers and applause] yeah. Shows that make me feel good about me. I watch an episode of teen mom, and Im like, you know what, Neal? Youve made a lot of really good decisions, yeah. [laughter] so, I say to my buddy… I go, look, man, I tried to watch your show, and I didnt like it. and he said what people always say when they recommend a show and you dont like it. He goes, dude, you got to watch the whole series. [laughter] do I? Its six seasons long. Its 12 episodes a seasons. Its an hour long an episode. Thats 72 hours of shows. Thats a big commitment. Pretty much, I can either watch Battlestar Galactica or get, like, a helicopter pilots license. [laughter] its a long asset. I got to say, it was way more fun before Netflix and iTunes and DVD, cause it used to be, in the 80s and 90s, if you didnt see a show when it first aired, it was great, cause you were off the hook. Someone would go, hey, Neal, did you see blossom last night? nope, and I never fucking will, either. [laughter] shits gone with the wind, my friend. [blows] [laughter] sure, theyll rerun blossom in the summer, but on summer nights, I ride bikes and finger chicks, cause Im 11. [laughter and applause] [laughs] [laughter] who… Anybody here married? [scattered applause] really? Geez. So, marriage is pretty much over, seems like? [laughter] I think people are coming to the same conclusion. Im scared to get married, man. Im in my 30s. Im supposed to be. But it just feels like gambling. Feels like gambling. Marriage is basically a woman saying to me, like, hey, Neal, you still gonna love me in 30 years? and its like, I hope so, but I dont want to bet you half my shit over it. [laughter] plus, I dont think women even care about it. I think… Heres what I think women care about. I think women care about being cute. Ladies, I think you spend most of your lives in your own heads, thinking about cute things that youre gonna do in the future. And basically, guys are just props in that. [laughter] and you like a lot of lead time to think about this cute shit, too. Thats why youre always planning ahead so far, ladies, where youll be like, hey, can we go to the botanical gardens three Sundays from now? and were like, sure, babe. and in the back of our heads, were like, hopefully, Ill be dead by then. [laughter] its so that you can take the full few weeks thinking about how cute youre gonna look, and you dont even care about these places. You dont care about the botanical gardens or sailing or wine tasting. You go to these things for one thing and one thing only, ladies. You got to get a picture… [laughter] of yourself… [laughter] looking cute… [laughter] [applause] as, like, a receipt or a proof of purchase… [laughter] that something cute happened… [laughter] and you were the one who did it. Fellas, we can be in the picture, but its for her, looking cute, so that she can post the picture online so that her enemies can see it. [laughter] yes. [cheers and applause] she wants her enemies to see it and be like, shit, this bitch is cute. [laughter and applause] Cute, cute, cute. Its huge. It affects everything. You know what I noticed recently, ladies? Because of this cute thing, every girl I know, all the time, is two things… Freezing… [laughter] [chuckles] [cheers and applause] starving. [laughter] oh, my god, Im so cold. Is anybody else freezing and starving? no, its 75 degrees in here, and theres food everywhere. [laughter] rude. [laughter] ladies, you all say the same thing, too. I havent had anything to eat all day. [laughter] you havent had anything to eat all day? I had lunch. [laughter] [chuckles] but, like, you dont have lunch? I dont know what the hell you eat at lunch. You eat the most obscure stuff in the world. Always like, all I had for lunch today was, like, a little bit of coconut water and a handful of hummus. [laughter] were you captured by AL-Qaeda at lunch? What happened at lunch? [laughter] you know why youre freezing and starving. Cause you dont wear enough clothes, and you dont eat enough. [laughter] problem solved. [laughter] no, I just realized the eating thing is a whole nother thing, but the dressing thing… I realized how women dress. Women dress for the first 30 seconds of wherever theyre going. [laughter] [applause] you basically… You basically dress for the entrance, like, he-e-e-y! [squealing indistinctly] [laughter] [squealing continues] [laughter and applause] And then you spend the rest of the party like [moans] Im freezing, my feet hurt, we have to go home! [laughter] [chuckles] so, the cute thing is big… And the emotional thing. [light laughter] women being emotional has weird side effects. One of them… The big one, to me, is the way women tell stories, cause, ladies, I dont know if you knew this or not, but a lot of guys think that your storytelling stinks. [laughter] it doesnt stink. We just dont want to hear it. Thats the thing. Women are emotional. So your stories are subtle and emotional and relationship-based. Thats not how men like our stories. We like our stories like three-panel cartoon strips, like, he punched me, I stabbed him, we both went to jail. great. [laughter] its a great story. Again, womens stories… Subtle, emotional, relationship- based. Itll be like, sheila came into work today. she was being all weird to me. It was like, is she being weird or I am being weird?' [laughter] and women hear that and are like, thats an amazing story. [laughter] And guys hear that, were like, nothing happened. [laughter] being the only guy in a roomful of women, listening to one woman tell a story, is like being in a 3-d movie theater, and everyones got the glasses on except for you. [laughter] where theyre like, aah! you know, like, this is blurry and confusing. [laughter] the cute thing… All right. You know what, women? You know what you do thats crazier than any… Anything else to be cute? Pretend like youre tall. [laughter] youre not. [laughter] youre not tall when youre wearing your… Youre wearing your fake heels. You… Its like, you know the average womans 5 1/2 inches shorter than the average guy. You forget that cause they wear heels all the time. You think your girl is like around your height, until the end of the night, when you get home and remember how short she is when she takes her shoes off. Like, wasnt tonight a fun night? such a fun night. We should go out to those bars more often. [laughter and applause] Such a fun, fun night. look, Im gonna go to the bathroom and take out 60% of my hair. [laughter and applause] and when I come back, we need to talk about you being more honest with me. [laughter and applause] chicken cutlet, chicken cutlet. Now… [laughter] yeah, so, fellas, you know, we got to empathize. Empathize with your girl. Tell her shes cute. Shell be like, oh, I wasnt even thinking about it. she was thinking about it. Dont even… [singsong voice] selfie! [laughter] [chuckles] [normal voice] and then, ladies, we need empathy in a whole nother direction cause I dont think you understand what its like to be a dude. Cause I had a girl recently ask me… She goes, whats your type? I was like, I dont really have a type, and she goes, why not? and I go, um, cause I never get to pick. [laughter] Its never up to the guy. Its up to the girl. Girls are the buyers. Men are the sellers. Basically, me and every guy in here are pretty much… Dick salesmen. [laughter] [applause] In fact, you know what? Im a used dick salesman. [grunting] [laughter and applause] no payments till June. [grunts] [laughter] low miles. [laughter] leaks a little bit in the summer. [grunts] [laughter] I just got turned down by 3 women in like 10 seconds. As a guy, its about average. [laughter] basically, a guys entire life is just like [grunting] [laughter] and then we die. Thats what our life is. A party is, basically, a guys like [grunts] and a girls like, Im freezing! [grunts] [moans] [grunts] [moans] [grunts] [laughter] [chuckles] [laughs] [grunting] [laughter] yeah, guys get rejected constantly. Thats the thing. Like… Its why we cant have feelings. [laughter] its too much… Too much dick to sell. [laughter] [chuckles] women have feelings, which is why you dont handle rejection well. Women will hit on a guy like once every two years. And if it doesnt go your way, you get furious immediately. Youll be like, hey, I kind of think youre cute, and the guy will be, Im gonna stay with my friends. youre a fucking asshole. You know that? [laughter] its… Ladies, cause you dont [sighs] you dont live… This is where we need empathy. You dont live in the sexual tyranny that men live under just constantly. [growling] [laughter] men get erections in our sleep. [laughter] do you understand that? Basically, our brains are like, Im gonna go to bed, and our dicks are like fuck that, bro. Im staying up. [laughter and applause] [chuckles] Bro, you dont know whats gonna happen here alone in your locked house at 3:45 in the morning. A girl could just come busting through the wall, kool-aid-man style… [laughter] [chuckles] demanding some sex. I, for one, am gonna be awake when it happens. [laughter] [laughter continues] uh, Im in the middle of something. [grunts] [laughter] yeah, its hard being a dude. I dont think… Like, Ill… Sometimes Ill have a girl with me, and other girls will come up to me and be like, you know, you could do so much better than that. and its like, oh, I know, but I cant take that chance. [laughter] [chuckles] and guys will be hateful in a different way, cause, you know, theyre fellow salesmen. [laughter] So if I have a good-looking girl with me, theyll be like, dude, you know that girls only with you cause of your career, right? and Ill be like, um, yeah, of course I know that. [laughter] why do you think I have a career? [laughter] you think Im gonna rely on my body to get women? No. My 18th birthday, I stood naked in the mirror, and I was like, you better write some jokes. [laughter and applause] yeah, its also exhausting being a guy. A girl said recently… She goes, Im so sick of guys hitting on me. great, Im so sick of hitting on you. [laughter] its boring. Its so… You dont think I hear what Im saying? I know its terrible. Im there. Its also so time-consuming. Like, I just want to, like, run into the store and run out. Next thing I know, Im stuck in the parking lot, like, hey, miss, I love your blouse. whered you get it? I personally dont give a shit, but my dick wanted me to ask. [laughter] also, he wanted me to say [grunts] [laughter] [applause] [laughs] be gay! They tell me. [laughter] [laughs] Id love to be gay! Sexually, they know how to treat a guy over there. A gay club is basically one group of guys like [grunts] then another group of guys like [grunting] [laughter] [cheers and applause] [laughter] [laughs] [speaking indistinctly] [laughter] [chuckles] like, gender- wise, there are massive differences when it comes to sex. Thats why women date guys… Its because youre emotional that you can date guys that are locked up of in the military. First of all, I think you like dating gates that are locked up, cause you like knowing where he is. [laughter] [chuckles] where you be like, he wants to be with me, but the state wont let him. [laughter] and, fellas, I know what youre thinking. locked up? Well, what about sex? they dont need us for sex, dummy. You think you can please your woman more than she can please herself to the idea of you? You know how much hotter you are in her head than you are in real life? [laughter] You know, youll look at your girl, and be like, why is she dating? shes not dating. Shes dating a way hotter you in her head. [laughter] also, a womans sexual-fantasy world is bananas. Every time a woman pleasures herself, she makes like a hundred-million-dollar epic movie in her head. Dozens of horses and carriages, its thunderstorming, thousands of extras in period garb. [laughter] thats why guys, we got bad sexual imaginations, which is why, like, we need a woman or porn. Cause if we dont have a woman or porn, were fucked. [laughter] cause all we can come up with on our own is, like, a person and a place. [laughter] so theyre like, Im gonna have sex with Angelina Jolie in my basement. [grunting] [laughter] so, a girl asked me… Shes goes, why, when guys jerk off, do they always bend over like that? Its so creepy. I was like, yeah, but its not nearly as creepy as not bending over and jerking off. [laughter] this is, like, some Nazi shit, right here, like… [laughter] what have we here? [laughs evilly] [laughter] [chuckles] So, ladies, um, size? Does size matter? [crowd cheers] yeah? [grunts] [cheers and applause] ladies, I always heard its not how big you are. I hear its what you do with it. So what I thought I would do tonight is give you ladies a brief synopsis of what I do with it. [cheers and applause] yeah. Whats your name, sugar? – Amy: Amy. – Brennan: Amy? – Amy: Amy. – Brennan: Amy. What a beautiful, exotic name. [chuckles] [laughter] Amy, heres a brief synopsis of what I do with it. Amy, first, I will get it erect. [laughter] then, Amy, I will stick it in your vagina. [laughter] The end. [laughter and applause] And that, ladies, is how I work mag on your vag. [laughter] [cheers and applause] Guys are funny about sex, cause we act like we dont care about giving girls orgasms, but we do care, and you can tell that guys care by our sex stories. Do you ever hear a guys sex stories? Theyre all exaggerated, blown out of proportion. Even the words are exaggerated. I saw my buddy Mike today. He goes, yeah, dude, I was with this girl last night, right? So I whipped it out. [laughter] Yeah, Mike, did you whip it out? You whipped it out, huh? No, whip is the right word when a penis is 7 1/2 feet long… [laughter] And its got a wooden handle at the base. And every time I take it out, I do say, hyah! [laughter] [applause] wshoo! Wshoo! [laughter] Whip makes me laugh. The other phrase the guys use that makes me laugh is, yeah, then I blew my load. [laughter] Did you blow your load, or did a quarter-ounce of goo come dribbling out of your dick? [laughter] Did it go pow! or did it go… * boo-boo? * [laughter] I think I know. I think it went * boo-boo * yeah, I blew my load. Then, there was, like, an explosion and, like, a rockslide. [laughter] A lot of guys died down here in the valley. [laughter] They had to shut down the interstate. The sheriff said hes never seen carnage quite like that before. [laughter] Theyre gonna do a benefit concert. [laughter] John Mayer is scheduled to play. [laughter] Listen to me, ladies. If youre gonna fake an orgasm… You got to sell it. [laughter] Seriously, you got to sell it, cause I was with a girl recently who was clearly faking. Put absolutely no effort into it. [laughter] Yeah, she just went, ah, orgasm. [laughter and applause] Really, dont want to shake your leg or anything, no? [laughter] What am I paying you for? [laughter and applause] [mouthing words] [laughs] What kind of girls do I like to sleep with? Great question, guys. Thanks for asking. Um… I dont like them too young. I dont like them too old. Too young… 18, 19, 20… Girls that age dont really know their bodies that well, so theyre trying to act like theyre having fun, but you kind of tell by the noises theyre making, theyre not. Theyre like, yeah! youre like, thats not convincing. [laughter] And then girls in their late 30s, early 40s, you know your bodies too well. So its basically like were just… Working for you. [laughter] Where youre like, all right, young man, go ahead and hop on there real quick. Why dont you start me off with 15 or 16 good pumps? Let me see what Im dealing with? [laughter] Thats fine. Look, Im gonna take your right hand, put it on my left breast. [laughter] Young man, go ahead and kiss my neck. And kiss it again. And pull my hair. I just came twice. Get the fuck out of my house. [laughter and applause] [laughs] [laughter] 69-ing. [laughter] These ladies up front have been giving me a vibe all night, which is, Neal… [laughter] Neal, are you gonna talk about it? Yeah, Im gonna talk about 69-ing. [laughter] Do people still 69, or is that shit like rollerblading, where its kind of not… [laughter] [laughs] I would do it more often. Its just too hard. 69 takes so much focus, concentration. Youre, like, giving and receiving. Youre in two places at once. 69-ing is like this shit. Like… [laughter and applause] [laughs] I think about 69-ing a lot. [laughter] maybe too much. Heres what Ive come to. All right, the people who invented 69-ing… Were they in a hurry? [laughter] do you follow me? Like, were late for the theater, but we both really need some head. [laughter] I think I have a plan. To the batcave! [imitates chord] [laughter] or [sighs] was 69-ing invented… By an old white-trash couple… [laughter] [laughs] who no longer trusted each other? [laughter] [laughs] you follow me? Like, every time I go down on you, you have an orgasm and pass out. [laughter and applause] so guess what, you son of a bitch? Tonight, were doing it at the same time. [laughter and applause] on my command, 3, 2, 1, munch. [laughter] you guys, I got to go. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank you so much. [cheers and applause] [cheers and applause continue] man: * unh * [cheers and applause continue] * aight * [cheers and applause continue] [cheers and applause continue]

NICK OFFERMAN@AMERICAN HAM@2014@Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Americas humorist: Mr. Nick Offerman. Good evening. Thank you. Thank you so much. Good Christ, people. Yeah! Minor nudity was advertised. Minor nudity achieved. Drink it in. Life can be this delicious. Before I wrap it all the way up, Id like to extend a… personal thank you to a local establishment known as Virgils Barbecue. The left portion is the pork ribs. The briskets sitting on top. Hush puppies, mac n cheese, beans, – ridiculous jalapeño corn bread muffins. – Yeah! People often say to me… well, enough that I would remark upon it. Nick, they say, where the hell did you come from? How did this occur that you are standing on the stage of the venerated Town Hall speaking to us? And I answer them the same every time. I honestly have no fucking idea how this happened, but Im very grateful. Im minding my manners. And Im reminded of some words of Thomas Jefferson, of course, who said, Im a great believer in luck. And I find that the harder I work, the more I have of it. So if were going to talk about hard work, if were going to talk about luck being the moment when opportunity meets with preparation, I cant do that without immediately thinking of my mom and dad, Ric and Cathy Offerman, two of the finest Americans you will ever hope to countenance. They did this. I dont know that they particularly meant to do this, but, by God, they did it. They have been incredible teachers to me in my life. Im interminably in their debt. And theyre followed closely by the ridiculous stack of curves and comedy juggernaut that is my legal property, Megan Mullally. Thats right. Thats how I feel about that lady. Some of my most beautiful acreage. Read the paperwork. Shit is mine. Despite a life full of jackassery, Ive managed to retain some of the choice lessons from these teachers of mine. And I thought I would pass them along to you in a show that Ive entitled American Ham: My 10 Tips for a Prosperous Life. Im not gonna be testing you this evening on my 10 tips, but life will be giving you a pop quiz for the rest of your livelong days. So it might behoove you to mind your Ps and Qs. End preface. Number one: Engage in romantic love. I dont know what I did to get so goddamn lucky to land the wife that I did. But Im what the literati have often referred to as A lucky son of a bitch. But I can tell you that I intend to keep this sweet gig that I found myself, and one of the ways I do it is by indulging in romanticism. Im a sap. My whole life Ive been a romantic. I used to be made fun of in school. And I learned later that it was because the people making fun of me were not getting any. I knew even in school, you know. Oh, you guys kissing in the hallway? Yes. Thats because I cant get a blowjob in the hallway. Hows football goin, bro? Thats whats up. I realized one day… I was driving to work. We had been dating, and I realized I was going to marry her. And I was pissed off because I would have liked to have been consulted in the matter. But I was not. Were very lucky, Megan and I. We have figured out how to stay together in a business thats really hard to stay together in. As a couple of Hollywood hotshots, people expect us to be skipping down to the Whisky a Go Go with the Sheen family and eating bath salts, or whatever theyre eating now to see shit weird. But we do not. Every time Emilio calls me, I demure, Not tonight, bro. You guys have fun. We stay home. Were boring. Thats a key. It really is. Were homebodies. We love to stay in and read books and play cards and do puzzles. We watch HGTV. We do a shitload of cocaine and then… and mainly focus on puzzling. Honey, give me the fucking sky pieces! Fucking love puzzles. Theres something so soothing about a field of cerulean blue when Im using amphetamines. We make our marriage a priority. Thats key. If you want a healthy marriage… Its like raising a shrub. You have to make it a priority. You have to water it and fertilize it and talk nice to it and caress it and nibble on its clitoris… with regularity. You gotta stick with it. Thats a horticulture term. I dont know if we… have a lot of green thumbs in the house tonight, but… look it up. In our business, one of the things that can kill a relationship is success, cause one of you gets a sweet job in L.A., one of you gets a great job in New York. You get the call. Peter Jackson wants you in New Zealand for 38 months for a role called Frodo Baggins. I turned that shit down. For love. I think that kid that got it did a nice job. He was also very cute. I did, however, get to read for… Gimli the dwarf. Im still trying to… trying to ferret the compliment out of that situation. My wife turned 50 a few years ago, which is a big birthday in a society that bases a lot of systems on the number 100. And I said, Honey, this is a big birthday. Do you want something special? A bauble of some sort? And she said, No. You know, just make me one of your cards. By the way, if youre in a relationship, make your significant other a fucking card, please. I always make cards for Megan. I make her lots of gifts as well. Every time Im doing it around my friends or coworkers, they always say the same thing… Oh, thanks a lot, man. You make us look so bad. Every time you make a card, my wife points it out to me. And I say, Let me tell you something, Rob Lowe. Im gonna tell you right to your face, you turn those blue-gles on anybody and you dont have to do shit. Please just keep looking at me. His face is magic. I say to the rest of my friends that dont have insane blue eyes, Go to your printer. Theres paper in there. Find the paper. Take a sheet of it. Fold it in half. Draw a heart on it. Open it up. Write I love you. Sign your name. You will get so kissed. You will be kissed so much more voluptuously than from any bullshit you can buy at the mall. Thank you. Heres a bonus: Go outside and find a tiny piece of nature… a leaf, a twig, a stone, a shell, a chrysalis. Adhere it in the center of the heart… and then get stretched out because youre going for a ride to the realm of coitus. So she said, Make me one of your cards. Do one of your funny dances. You know what? Actually theres something I would love for my birthday. I would love a rainbow for my birthday. And I said, Thank you, honey. Im very glad I asked you. And I made a few calls that were fruitless. NBC did not help. And I thought I was fucked until I realized an important lesson… that I could make a rainbow out of art. And so this is actually the first song I wrote. I wrote it for my wife on her 50th birthday… The Rainbow Song. ? You read me my rights When you arrested me ? ? You put me on trial And gave me life ? ? But orange you glad I didnt say banana ? ? When you made me your bitch And I made you my wife? ? ? You yellow, you yell when I ball a melon ? ? But you dont complain when I cook up some smack ? ? Were both agreein to serve our time ? ? If I drop the soap I know youll watch my crack ? ? Please enjoy this rainbow song ? ? And this gift of leprechaun romance ? ? Please enjoy as part of this well-balanced breakfast ? ? The Lucky Charms You will find in my pants ? ? You blew me away ? ? When you sang Shock the Monkey ? ? Your fingers inside me Let the games begin ? ? Indigo is a tough one to pun with ? ? But when were apart Its the mood that Im in ? ? We get along so well We could never be compared ? ? To Jesus of Nazareth and Pontius Pilate ? ? But if youll endure the slight of calling me sir ? ? Ill be Peppermint Patty to your Violet ? ? Please let this song be a rainbow ? ? Ive got my Cialis So I shall not fail ? ? Please dont deny my advances ? ? For tonight youre going to take it in the pail ? Thats the butt. Its what you thought. ? And please let this song be a rainbow ? ? I made it for you This shit cuts like a knife ? ? Forever Ill follow this rainbow ? ? To that 50-year-old sweet pot of gold ? ? That seems to grow foxy instead of old ? ? From which I hope to never be paroled ? ? My angel in a centerfold ? ? She plays more than Sousa upon my fife ? ? My jaw-droppingly beautiful wife ?? Thank you. Thank you. Number one: Engage in romantic love. Number two: Say please and thank you. Good manners should be applauded. I recently landed in Milwaukee, Wisconsin to go… Thank you for your beer and sausage, not to mention your motherfucking cheese curds. Oh, boy. I was going to do a show in Milwaukee. And thanks to a U.S. air flight on an airline that shall remain nameless, that was 90 fucking minutes late, I was in a hurry. I was in a rental car. I was trying to get onto a crowded highway to get to my show, and I was on a ramp that was merging with another ramp. Folks, lets talk about merging for a second. What the fuck? I think we all know by now you take turns. But sometimes when youre in that side that has the advantage cause the other sides trying to get in, you just cant help it. Its their turn, and youre like, No, motherfucker. No, no, no, no. A gentleman performed this act upon me, and naturally, I was fucking incensed. You fucking kidding me? Its merge, dude. Its my turn. I had steam coming out my ears. And I pulled behind him, and everything changed. I realized that he was driving a salt-caked, pearlescent Chrysler 300… which is a fucking seriously badass attempt at a car… with the vanity plate Thunder Road. And I said, You magnificent motherfucker. If youre going to whip out your throbbing cudgel of a cock and bludgeon the rest of us about the face and mouth with your hot rod fuck wagon, you may have my place in line, sir. You, my friend, are living. We are all brothers and sisters. I dont care if youre a librarian. I dont care if youre a litterbug. I dont care if youre a fan of celery. I dont care if youre that fucking guy. I dont care how low you are. Were all brothers and sisters on this planet. Were all sharing this space, and we deserve the respect to treat one another with good manners. Say please and thank you. Get the door for each other. If somebody needs help with their groceries, jump up and give em a hand. Youll feel so much better, youll blow their minds. It feels incredible. I can tell you Ive crunched the numbers again and again. Its a lot more fun to have eight people with one beer each than to have one dude with eight beers. It doesnt… It sounds… incongruous… It sounds incongruous, but Im telling you, Ive been back and forth with this thing six ways to Sunday. I believe it was Jesus of Nazareth himself who said love thy neighbor as thyself. Wise words from the lamb of God. I just want to take a moment to point something out about the Bible. Were gonna talk a little bit about the Bible tonight, you guys. Is the Bible full of great lessons? No question. Religious writings, in general… the Bible, the Quran, the Tao Te Ching. Grimms Fairy Tales, Battlestar Galactica, the redux. These holy texts are rife… with morals and lessons of value about how to be decent to one another and how to share our space and our planet. But when Jesus said something like love thy neighbor as thyself… I heard that in Sunday school, and I said, Fucking nailed it, Jesus. That… Thats why youre the teacher, my friend. Thank you. And I went home, and I went to my neighbor Mr. Severson, and I said, I like it like this, Mr. Severson. I get a little… Its a little backhand. Ive got this cleft in my palm. You feel that? Mr. Severson liked it as well. He was my neighbor. We got along great. Into junior high, into high school, we had a great friendship. We dont know thats not what Jesus meant. We dont. My interpretation provided a loving friendship… between two peoples on neighboring lands. Talking to you, Gaza Strip. Again, I have nothing against any religion or club, especially any get-together where people are like… You know what? Were fucked-up monkeys. Like, a great part of our innate being is we wanna, like, fuck each other and eat each other and kill each other, and many of those things at the same time. We want to fuck each other while we shit in each others mouths, some of us. The permutations are endless. But weve learned, with socialization, its not cool to just go up to people and start doing stuff like that. So weve established these guidelines and we have these get-togethers of like… Everybody come to the big building just once a week. Lets just remind ourselves not to shit in our neighbors wifes mouth. Unless its consensual, you know. Nothing is set in stone. Thats great. And heres all Im requesting of our religious groups in the country and world, is go to that place. Go to your club. Go to the Bible… barn where you all get together, and talk about the lessons and learn about decency and compassion and how to treat one another. Then go to your job at the Senate and dont talk… you dont have to talk about the Bible. Just bring the decency and compassion like that… Thats all… I want to coin a phrase, and lets try and get this going as a catchphrase. A separation of church and state. Or something like that. Like, just spread it out, see if it catches on. I really love that saying of Jesus, love thy neighbor as thyself. Unfortunately, he said it in the Book of Leviticus. And I think we all know by now that Leviticus is the most fucked-up book in the Old Testament. Leviticus, of course, is the book that details the punishments for menstruating women. If you like comedy, go home and curl up with Leviticus. The writers of The Onion are handed Leviticus when they show up for work the first day. As they say in Leviticus of a menstruating woman, when her flowers be upon her, she is unclean, she must be sent away. If she should touch any linens, those linens must be burned. If she sits in a chair, the chair is fucked. This is the Bible, you guys. What dicks who wrote this book of the Bible that were so freaked out with the simple nature of a womans body that they wrote it down in the Bible? The fuck? Do not fret, ladies. If you should be so filthy… there is hope in Leviticus. You may be exonerated if you bring two turtles to the priest at the temple. What the fuck is that? Ive lost so much sleep on these turtles. What value did turtles once possess that we have no record of? I love… I love animals. I love nature. But I have torn open so many fucking turtles, looking for a pearl or… ambergris or spermaceti. I dont… There must be something beyond their delicious meat. Its upsetting to me. And I love to imagine these dicks that wrote the Book of Leviticus hanging out at the temple. Theyve written these guidelines. Theyve been disseminated among the people. And theyre just hanging out waiting for people to start showing up and being holy. And the leader of the dicks at one point says, You guys, whats with all these fucking turtles every place? Oh, sorry. Steve wrote that part. He just loves turtles. We dont… I dont know what it is with the turtles. Steve! Money or fucking wine, bro. Weve been over this. You know what, Steve? Youre not writing any more of the Bible. Go… press some more olives. Shithead. And that is the story of the lost book of Steve. Considered lower even than the Gnostics. Leviticus is also one of the places in the Bible that tells us homosexuality is an abomination. And I quote, if a man lies with a man as one lies with a woman, they have done what is detestable. They must be put to death. The Bible! It fucking says that in the Bible. I disagree with that notion. Im astonished that this never comes up. And these writers… Hang on. Just give me one second, please. Two turtles to the temple, and she may be exonerated. Yeah. Two what, now? Excuse me? Two bros? What? Uh, they… Oh, Jesus. That is so uncool. They… And they fully love each other? Uh, yeah, kill em. I guess. Right, guys? What choice do we have? And Im very glad to be alive at a time when its finally evolved to the point where this issue is in the public eye and were finally fucking slowly turning it over. Thank God. 2013. How many decades has it been… The… How many years has it been since we shitty white people, with our hands in our pockets, were like, You know what, you guys? No, no, no. Um, its cool. Everyone can ride the bus and sit wherever you want. Thats our bad. Um, it was confusing cause we used to capture you and own you like a commodity, so, you know… But, no, use the water fountains, all that stuff. Sorry. That was before my lifetime. And now its 2013, and were still debating if, like, I dont know, if we should give everybody the same stuff. Heres the thing. Its like two people loving each other and, with or without children, trying to build a loving, productive household and be good citizens. It sounds good, you know. They play a good game, but have you read Leviticus? So its great this issue is getting attention. However, I am irked by all the attention that its getting, all the ruckus and hubbub about same-sex marriage when all the while motherfucking vegetarians are marrying, bearing children… right on these streets. Their fucking… filthy herbivorous urchins are prancing down your sidewalks with a canvas bag full of kale. I use one bag. I know how to pronounce quinoa.' And I am fucking pissed. Theyre making a mockery of the sanctity of eating animal flesh. It shall not stand. Please. Please. They call it the Good Book. I find it a bit uneven. You know what is a good book? The motherfucking Hobbit. Or There and Back Again. That is a good fucking book. Instead of legislation founded squarely upon the Bible, Id like to see… some laws pitched based on the writings of John Ronald Reuel Tolkien. That shit makes sense. Elrond was elected to lead the elves at Rivendell not only despite his androgynous nature but quite likely because of the magical leadership inherent in a well-appointed bisexual elf wizard. Thats the guy you want picking shit out for your community. Who do you want throwing your gala? Who do you want to hand menu selections and a color palette to? David Bowie or a fucking Mormon? What the fuck? Was Elrond in a gay marriage? We dont know because its none of our goddamn business. Whatever the nature of his elvish lovemaking, which I happen to know a little something about… I can tell you this is a frighteningly accurate depiction. Their genitals are more velvety and bluish, but if there was a sheet here with a light behind it, you could not tell the difference. And they like to bring em in and stop, which is not quite touching, and then back out again. Fucking drives em crazy. Thats neither here nor there. The point is, no matter what Elrond was getting up to in the bedroom, it doesnt matter what you do in your bedroom. You can do whatever you want, as long as you dont hurt anybody or anybodys property. If youre in your bedroom, if you want to get it on with your elvish weird genitals, or if you want to take a cantaloupe and throw it in the microwave for 20, 30 seconds… Dont go over 40. That pulpy center heats up. Let me tell you something for nothing. You want to put a 45-degree chamfer around the edge of that hole because that outer rind can really chafe. Ive read this. I dont know if it was Martha Stewart or… Dr. Phil. I dont care… If thats your thing, if youre a melon fucker, dont bring it in to the workplace. No matter what Elrond got up to, it did not affect his ability to perform his job like a boss. And that is to provide travelers with great directions. No matter what, the citizens of Middle-earth seemed to remain in pretty good spirits as long as they were packing Longbottom Leaf into their pipes. A lesson we could all do to pay a little attention to. And even on a long road trip to the dragons mountain lair, they did not forget to say please and thank you. I think you get it. Number three: Use a handkerchief, hand kerchief or hanky. Lets see what Im rockin tonight. Field of light taupe with red roses. Werent expecting that, were you? Another bonus: If you want to get with a lady… of a higher quality, start throwing around the color taupe. Boom. Its quite magical. My dad had two rules when I was a kid: wear a clean white T-shirt every day and always carry a handkerchief. I said, Dad, you can wear a T-shirt and look like a nerd or Ron Swanson. Im gonna show a little chest bush and look like motherfuckin McConaughey. Sadly, the reality is somewhere more between Chiklis and Sizemore, weird Belushi or Galifianakis cousin. When I suggest it, they say, I dont want a rag full of snot in my pocket or my purse. Nor do I. Suggesting that you have toilet paper in your home doesnt mean I want paper full of effluvia hanging around in the house. But if youre at a bus stop and someone has a face and hand full of snot and mucus, youre a motherfucking superhero. Think about all the occasions that a handkerchief saves the day. The list is endless. For drying someones tears… If a… Fuckin New York, man. An old lady is crying in the gutter. Yeah! Humorous in the right context. If someones tears need drying, if a severed artery is in need of a tourniquet. Use it as a hot pad to change the smoking magazine on your anti-tank weapon. Poke it into your hand to make a nifty pouch for collecting pussy willows and acorns and bears teeth down by the fightin ring. If you should find yourself in the vicinity of the Netherlands and you spot a hole in a dike, plug the hole with your hanky and go get some apple pancakes because that shit is delicious. Theres no way this is not gonna be my first hit single. ? Keep a handkerchief in your pocket ? ? That was my fathers rule ? ? It looked bitchin on my neck in Cub Scouts ? ? And it saved my bacon in school ? ? Cause when Id get whooped in a fight ? ? Id never soil the floor ? ? Id wrap it around my knife handle tight ? ? And even the fucking score ? ? Hankies can make you seem politer ? ? Wipe ejaculate from your chin ? ? Or when you break and enter ? ? Erase the prints from where youve been ? ? For gravy or mud or even menstrual blood ? ? It can protect your eyes from a spunky flood ? ? You just gotta have your hanky ? ? For wiping your tears when you wish ? ? You could still get hard after all of that wine ? ? And when you run out of toilet tissue ? ? A hanky will do just fine ? ? For a sniffle or a sneeze Itll shoo away bees ? ? When you have to suck a dick Its a cushion for your knees ? ? You just gotta have your hanky ? ? In love play with Justin Bieber ? ? Use your hanky as a gag ? ? Then he can play the naughty sweeper ? ? And clean your chimney with his sooty rag ? ? When your lover has been pleased itll wipe away the cheese ? ? And the suppuration from your venereal disease ? ? You just gotta have your hanky ? ? Dad, I always carry my hanky ? ? Thank you. Thank you. The Hanky Song. Number four: Eat red meat. Number five: Get a hobby. Hobby is an unfortunate word for something that can have such beautiful meaning in ones life. On the plus side, it shares a root with the word hobbit, which could not be a more charismatic sequence of consonants and vowels. But on the downside, its just one of those words that sounds wrong. Hobby. Like underpants. So instead of hobby I choose to use the word discipline. Get a discipline. You may or may not know that when Im not making an ass of myself in front of you or working as an actor, Im making things out of wood in my shop in Los Angeles. Thank you for applauding. But I want you to take the notion of that applause and find the dozens, or hundreds, of local artisans around you that arent on Parks and Recreation. Go watch them make boots and stained glass and fucking soup and applaud for them and support them. Right now. Go. Good night. Woodworking and making things with your hands is not only not nerdy, its fucking sexy. It you want to, like, up the delicious factor in your life, find out what you love to make. And it could be so many things… food, music. One of my best friends is a CPA, and his thing is that he… Yeah, right on. Thank you. He loves to make all the numbers right. Hes admittedly OCD. But thats his jam. Hes like, I love to get everybodys fucking paperwork. And like… Youve seen it… You know, simple mind. Like, all these fuckin numbers going down the screen. And hes like… Thats his trip, where its like, yes, done, boom. Whatever it is, whatever it is you love to do, that is the sexiest part of you. And it hits a button. When you see somebody making something, it just hits that nesting button of, like, Oh, youre fucking knitting? You want to make a fucking nest and shit? Fuck yeah. One of the things that, I think, keeps us from doing what we love and expressing whats great about ourselves as individuals is the amazing inventions that have taken over the world, certainly our world. These things are incredible. Its a miracle machine, these and the computer and the Internet and all that stuff. Its insane. Its going to, hopefully, bring our planet together in a network quickly enough so that our children and grandchildren can save the planet from us. Please. Were sorry. Please clean up our shit. We love you. But the thing that I dont like about those… And Im speaking to you as an addict here. I tried Twitter last year for a couple of weeks. It pissed me off so much. I think it feeds on this part of human nature that always thinks things could be better for us somewhere else. If youre not experiencing ecstasy, then youre like, Yeah, this is okay. But, man, itd be fucking cool if I was in Tucson right now. Its something that we have. Its the human condition where its like, Aw, man. Here I am at NYU. Man, itd be fucking so cool at Stanford. Well, now we have a window in our pocket to Stanford and Tucson and wherever the fuck else we want to be. And we can distract ourselves. We fill in the lulls in our day with nothing on these devices. You finish your transaction. Gotta do my work. I gotta do this. I gotta pay attention. Thats done. Whats going on in Tucson? Okay. Kind of boring. Oh, thats kind of fun… Eh, next. And when you add that up… For me, after a couple of weeks, I was like, How much time did I just fuckin spend idly going like this down my phone? Thats when I used to read books. Thats when I used to talk to the people standing in front of me. And it really made me mad in New York because something I love about New York is its obviously vibrant citizenry fucking shoving, elbowing down the streets. Everybodys living like a motherfucker. It just… Children, little old ladies. Get the fuck outta my way. And theres this sense of like, Hey, move. Move! Fuck you! Theres a life. Theres a vibrancy. And now everyone is doing this, and so you have to go up to people and be like, Excuse me. Fuck you. Sorry. Go ahead. And so, what I said was I have to wean myself off of this. I eventually came back to Twitter, admittedly, but I announced Im only going to disseminate information, Im not going to participate socially, and its working. Because I made that announcement, I dont feel like I have to like, What did everybody say? Because that would take up my whole day and I wouldnt get to make shit out of wood and I wouldnt get to write these hilarious jokes about the Bible. Heres the thing that Im suggesting. Instead of playing Draw Something, fucking draw something. Thats what Im saying. Take the cleverness you apply to Words With Friends or Scrambly Town and apply it to making some kick-ass cornbread. Cornbread With Friends. Try that game. Everybody loves that fucking game. I liken learning a new discipline to, uh, giving oral sex. The first few times you do it, youre gonna embarrass yourself, youre gonna ruin some raw materials, youre gonna contract some flesh wounds. And after a few times, you start to get the hang of it. In woodworking… Everybody knows what a chisel is. Its a long, flat piece of steel, the end of which forms a wedge-shaped tip that you sharpen to a very sharp edge, so sharp and strong that you can use it to shave wood like soap or butter. And the first time you do that correctly, youre hooked, youre bewitched. And everything in a wood shop is just some version of that chisel. A saw blade in a circular saw is just 36 little chisels in a machine that spins around. Its all just a form of a chisel shaping wood. And when you realize, I can shape this wood into anything I want to, its so powerful and I know that I have a lifetime of study in front of me that will be incredibly pleasing, just like eating pussy. And furthermore, if you have one of these miracle machines called the human body, these things are insane. Have you guys seen shit like… fuckin… Have you seen crazy, like, fuckin… Thats just the tip of the iceberg, ladies and gentlemen. These things are insane. We all have one of these. I can shovel a fucking trench a mile long. I can build a barn. Theres all these things I can do, and then there are things much more talented people can do that are way better than that. But we all have our place. And I just feel like, if you have one of these, were somewhat obligated to do more with it than work out these muscles and these muscles. Thats all. I feel like it makes for a much more delicious life. And I cant talk about tips for prosperity without talking about the joy of work, finding work that you love. Its so sad that so much of our society says, Man, thank God its Friday. Thank God five of the seven days of my life are fucking over, because I hate five-sevenths of my life. Now Im gonna spend two-sevenths getting drunk at The Olive Garden so I dont have to think about the upcoming five-sevenths. Thank God! Thats so sad. Find something to do that you love, or at least something you can do that you can tolerate so that you can then have time to do what you love after work. Maybe its grow things in the garden or whatnot, fuck cantaloupes, whatever your thing is. Its your business. Im not asking questions. But, I mean, work is a privilege. You just have to find the right work. I mean, weve got a long life to live, and you cant just watch videos and hang out in the pool. Ive tried that. Its cool for a minute, and then youre super depressed. Like, What, am I gonna just fuckin lay in the pool? I should be fucking making salad forks. Weve lost the notion that working outside and working at things that take muscle or things that get you dirty… Weve come to think of those types of work as being beneath us, and thats wrong. Those kinds of work are really noble. Its amazing. Like… Dont clap for me. Clap for the farmers of America. Cause theyre still there. Like, theres this huge population that were not really aware of cause theyre not on UpRocks.com or wherever else we look. Theyre not there. Theyre out there, like, shouldering the burden for so much of our country. All Im saying is that the internal combustion engine, the telephone, the hardline telephone… amazing miracles in their day. But the thing about the phone, when you hang it up on the wall, you then dont come back every few minutes to see if its gonna do something cool. No, hang on, you guys. Hang on. No, it just… I wanna see if its gonna refresh or… I know. I wanna come play baseball, too, but… there might be a worthy distraction. You guys go ahead. Thats all Im saying, is baseball is better… than waiting for that. Get your hands dirty. Make shit with your hands. Give excellent head. Get a hobby. By the way, had a little news. Ive heard some rumblings. I just want to take a brief moment to say something to the gentlemen. If a lady says to you, I cant wait to get your dick in my mouth, I love to suck your dick, she is lying to you. Shes telling you a beautiful lie. Shes giving you a generous gift. You need to reciprocate that shit. You guys, its a relationship. Its absolutely equal. When you think about it, a dick… is like a thumb with a pee hole. How good can your thumb taste? You know, theyre not sitting at work, thinking, Man, I wanna fucking get Erics dick in my mouth ASAP. I just love the way his dick tastes. Thats false. Theyre giving you a gift, guys. Give it back. Its only fair. I wish this song was about eating pussy. I just wrote this. ? On the Internet ? ? Its all intercept… ? ? But not every opinion is rendered… ? – Stop the audio. Shut it down now. – Why? Who the hell are you? Im an intellectual property attorney, and you have stolen my clients melody. No, but it falls under parody. Biggest misconception in the world. No, you can change all the lyrics you want, but that tune of notes belongs to the Cash estate. Your musical plagiarism is perfectly actionable. – Actionable? – It means Im able to take action, which is what were doing. Im sorry, but my hands are bound. Is actionable a word? Actionable. Yes, its a word. – In Cambridge, perhaps. – Its a word. What youre saying is talking-able. The tune of your song, I state offline, that we just interrupted is obviously recognizable as I Walk the Line by Johnny Cash. I really think Johnny Cash would enjoy my song wholeheartedly. Its about getting off the computer and going outside and respecting life and tasting… Please. Stop saying tasting. Im not interested in your blue prurient language. Oh, for example, may I draw your attention, please, to the line, quote, my wife and I will use one another like whores. Whores, Mr. Offerman. What is that poetry meant to evoke? Love or laughter? Perhaps youre right. Maybe he would have taken pleasure in your particularly vermillion tint of smut. Maybe his family is better off without his disgusting habits of rutting and buggery, and whatever other Pink Floyd scenarios he enjoyed. Maybe Johnny Cash was a disgusting monster. Go on. You know you dont have to hit me for it to be assault. Um… its a good-hearted song. Its about tasting… Oh! Oh, here we go, Margaret. Exhibit B: Quote, my wife and I like to suckle at each others tits. I jam my balls inside her so deep, it gives her the shits. Are you enjoying this? – Are you proud of that? – It gives her the shits. Youre laughing? Thats the best lyric in the song. Hang on, sir. If youll just let me… Let you what? Jam parts of you into me so deeply that I, too, am forced to defecate? No! God. I… I will comply with this order. I get it. I dont agree with it, but I will respect it. I just wanted to say that my song is about tasting… Fine. Tasting what? Pussy. A song no one will ever see in this special because its cut. They can probably find it on YouTube. Who are you… Dont worry about it. – What are you doing? – Nothin. Why are you looking over my shoulder and winking? I dont know what youre talking about. Its just you and I here in my wood shop. Mr. Offerman, if you are somehow suggesting that youre going to inform people that they can search for your songs on YouTube, I must ask you to stop. The song that I am legally prohibited from showing you is about eating pussy. Thank you. I thank you. Thats what I love about Megan. I was working on that song. I was running her through these lyrics, and she said, That one is pretty good, but I feel like it should be dirtier, like we should be sucking on each others tits or something. And I said, I fucking love you. And then, of course, I had to top it. And so I said, Okay, how about this? And I read her back about shoving my balls inside her, and she laughed so hard, she fell on the kitchen floor. And I said, Were gonna stay together forever. Youre all right with me, lady. Number six: Go outside. Remain. Ooh. Number seven: Avoid the mirror. The mirror, avoid it. The mirror should be a maintenance tool. The mirror should be for checking to see if you have shit on your face. It is not. It has become so much more. Its even more evil than that bitch in Snow White or that even more evil bitch in The Chronicles of Narnia, because the mirror is a conduit. You can imagine the tunnels that shoot off your mirror and connect with a network that go to all the billboards and magazine stands and advertisements. Bless you. And weve all been programmed for decades with this barrage of messaging, so that when you look in the mirror, you dont just see this. You see this, but you also see what youve been taught to compare it to. So I see my face, and I see Keira Knightley. And you get stressed out that you dont look like people on magazines. You get upset. Its so sad when you see your friends. Youre like, Why do you weigh 72 pounds? Theres bacon. Like… And you go buy shit or pay surgeons to cut your face open and take shit out or put shit in. What the fuck? If youre gonna spend your money, get something that works every time, like bacon. How… How bad can it be that cutting your nose off and, like, sculpting it with inorganic shit… Be like, Oh, thank God. Phew! If you saw me before. My nose was a slightly different shape. Like… But after like thousands of dollars and a painful surgery, now it has a slightly… more of a button on it. Whats the matter with you? Are you a human being? Then youre beautiful. Do you have one of these? Then youre fucking beautiful. Go out… What youre doing is comparing an organic form, designed by nature, with an anorexic, airbrushed erotic cartoon. Its never gonna match up. And if it does, its gonna be gross. If you go out in this beautiful part of the country and collect one leaf from every deciduous tree and one needle or pinecone from every conifer, take them all over to the Javits Center and lay them out in a vast array and then go through them one by one, you will not find one thats not fucking gorgeous. There are some that are super fucked up compared to that other one, but those trees arent worrying about it. Yeah, being an elm is okay, but have you seen the sycamores? Theyre fucking amazing. Its all beautiful. Do your friends and family, do your loved ones give you affection? Its cause youre beautiful. If youre not getting enough affection, try upping the hygiene. Youre beautiful. Just wash it. I eschew the mirror as much as possible. We have a mirror in our foyer. I keep my keys and my pocket items there. When Im leaving the house, I get my keys, my knife, my vise grips. Good to go. And Im out the door. Just give it a glance. If you have leaves in your hair, that should be addressed. Draw a line. Avoid the mirror. Number eight: Maintain a relationship with Jesus Christ. If it is getting you sex. I love that pause. When I was in high school, there was a cheerleader who was also a ballerina, who was also a born-again Christian. Fucking hot. Right? So hot. I was obsessed with her. She was super smart, super funny, charisma coming out of her ears. I wanted her. The problem was she would only date you if you went whole-hog, full-on born-again Christian, which would have been insane. So I did that. I go where? Yeah. And I cry? Okay, great. No hesitation. Jesus? Yeah, I fuckin love him. Hes my savior. I got saved, and we started dating. And after four or five months of fellowship and prayer, togetherness, we rutted like filthy beasts. We would say, Mom, Dad, Lynette and I are gonna go to Jesus camp in Wisconsin for three weeks. Because we did. We went to Jesus camp. And we took part in the Jesus activities… the Jesus log roll, the Jesus potato sack race… the Jesus hammer throw. That was my event. They say one of mine is still going. On a clear night it can be sometimes seen over the upper peninsula of Michigan. There goes that Christian boys hammer. 1986. Thats what people from Michigan sound like. Welcome to Detroit. We would take part in all of the Jesus games with the other children. Then we would go and 69 in the woods for three hours. And we were just discovering the joys of mawing each others crotches. Like, Oh, it feels like that when I fucking maw on your crotch? Just fucking mouthing pussy and balls and taint and mud and leaves. Wisconsin mud is both clean and tasty. Just fucking rub our face in that shit. Whoa, that feels amazing. Whah! Whoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo! Remember those first sensations? Yah! Youre like… Im either going to the hospital or this is amazing. Whoo hoo-hoo hoo-hoo-hoo! Then we would go sit around the campfire and sing Jesus Is the Rock and He Rolls My Blues Away with the other children. The moral of this story… is that no matter what religion or school of thought or scout troop you belong to, you should always remember that its just a school of thought. And I dont like the way organizations like that can really judge and single people out and make them pariahs. If we had been found out that we were simply having a really great sex life, we wouldve been, like, cast out of our society, and I think thats terrible. We cared about each other. We were good to each other. It was consensual. It went on for three to four years. And it was a great time. We learned to have a nice relationship. And so I think, rather than pay attention to the hard-fast rules, we should pay more attention to simply how decent we are to one another, especially if youre getting laid. Jesus camp fever. Catch it. Its worth it. Number nine: Use intoxicants. Tonight Im going to alter that to simply say: Continue to use intoxicants. I feel like you might be the choir in this instance. Ive spoken a little bit tonight about the pleasures of hard work. One of the greatest pleasures of hard work is, when youre done, you get to put on a fucking buzz. Its a deal that we have in our country thats an amazing deal. If you see your wastrel friend at the liquor store, like, John, whats up with the 12-pack? Sorry, man. Do you even have your paper route anymore? Sorry. Ill put it back. Ill just get beef jerky. But if you see the same friend and say, John, whats with the 12-pack? And he says, I just got off a shift at the lumber mill, you say, Enjoy those 12 beers, John. Thats the deal we have. Its a great deal. I love working hard. I love it, spending a day in my shop, using my muscles, getting filthy. Its so fun. Maybe its a boy thing, but I love to get dirty. Covered in sawdust, sweaty, exhausted, that first icy Corona tastes like the jizz of the Lord, ladies and gentlemen. Which I have to imagine is the most magnificent drink, that luminous pearly mead. The beverage of glory. Its gotta be the best. When we work hard, we have earned the right to use intoxicants. If you just use intoxicants… and Ive crunched the numbers on this one, too… you get depressed. Its so great to strike a balance. Beer, wine, whiskey and the lesser spirits. Taken in the proper doses and used safely, intoxicants can provide some of the most beautiful and joyous moments in your life. They can certainly ignite your creativity and just be fucking really fun. Or you can use them like an asshole and ruin it for the rest of us who just wanted to get high and go outside and look at a maple leaf. Sometimes religion and intoxicants can be combined for an especially far-out trip. Some years ago, a lovely young lady exploded onto the national pop country Christian scene with her nauseating hit song, Jesus, Take the Wheel. Im really upset about this song. This song has a terrible message. This song was hugely popular, and I dont understand why Miss Underwood was not called out for her asinine message. This young lady is driving to Cincinnati to spend Christmas with her mom and dad. Her baby is in the backseat. Shes got a lot on her mind. She hits an icy part of the road. The car begins to skid. She throws her hands up in the air… and exhorts, Jesus, take the wheel… because I cant do this on my own. You better fucking do it on your own. Your child is in the vehicle. I have nothing bad to say about prayer. Maybe pray while turning into the skid. Definitely keep your hands on the fucking wheel! So Ive written my own version of that soulful ballad. Lets all bow our heads for this one, please. ? I was haulin ass… ? ? Told me to come to the town hall tonight and sing you this song ? Whoopsy-daisy. Me again. Thats right. I also represent Carrie Underwood. She makes me wear bolo ties, bathe from head to toe in Chaps cologne, and speech it mellow like the juveniles. – Oh, Jesus. – No, no Jesus. Not for you. In regard to your laughable parody of her widely lauded song, Jesus, Take the Wheel, Miss Underwood has given me the directive to perform upon you a metaphorical basketball rejection. So please consider your shot forcibly blocked, Dr. Julius Swerving. You have been acquired by me. Are you trying to say you owned me? There is no trying up in this mug, no. You belong to me. I think the saying is I owned you or You were owned. Im afraid you have it backwards. You are the one who has been taken possession of by me… in this milkshake yard. Okay, heres the deal. Jesus, Take the Wheel was actually not written by Carrie Underwood. So you cant actually stop me from playing this song. It was written by three other people… uh, Brett James, Hillary Lindsey and Gordie Sampson. I know. Will you please excuse me while I make an emergency phone call totally unrelated to this? Hi. Penelope? No, three others. Uh… Mm-hmm. Yes. Very good. Oh, dear. I regret to inform you that I now represent all three actual writer-composers. So it would appear as though I have neatly shoved the basketball downward through the goal hoop. And what is their objection to this… Please, Mr. Offerman. It is egregiously sacrilegious. In your work you claim that Lord Jesus Christ of Nazareth got so much smoke it would have made Galactus, Eater of Planets, choke. Im familiar myself with Galactus. I asked Shale from our I.T. department, a young person, what that meant, who informs me that Galactus is a deity of fictional stripe, a denizen of the universe created by Marvel Comic Book scribes. You dont know Galactus? Galactus is amazing. – Im not a Scientologist. – Marvel universe? Hes enormous. Hes purple. He looks like hes got an end table upside down on his head. Hes so big that he eats… Please dont say pussy. I was going to say that he eats planets. Dont act like its insane for me to say you were going to say eating pussy. Youve been talking about eating pussy a lot. Well, my audience thinks its funny. Funny? In the song you threaten to lynch the pope. That was written before this cool new pope. Oh, my God. Do you think the cool new pope is Galactus? Galactus eats planets. The pope… The pope does not eat pussy, Mr. Offerman. – Hes pretty cool. – Thats right. Hes probably up in the Vatican with all those nuns… No, Mr. Offerman, the pope does not eat nun pussy. Im saying he gets some nun pussy. Please tell me I did not just witness the birth of a song called Some Nun Pussy. You may well have. Its outrageous, and my clients will not have it. Dont worry about it. Stop looking over my shoulder, Mr. Offerman. Please stop it. One second. Anyway, Galactus, Ill catch you later. You can check out my song on YouTube. ? Then Jesus ? ? Cleaned the screen ?? Thank you. Lets just review… Lets wrap it up real quick. Engage in romantic love, which will give you many opportunities to say please and thank you and use your handkerchief. Eat red meat. Perhaps make that part of your discipline when you get a hobby. Go outside. On your way there, avoid the mirror. And maintain a relationship with Jesus Christ, preferably while using intoxicants. All of these nine tips add up to form number ten: paddle your own canoe. Thank you very much for having me. ? Siddhartha says ? ? Life is like a river ? ? The thought of watching it pass me by ? ? Causes me to shiver ? ? So I grab life by the balls ? ? I got 10 tips to deliver ? ? Get off your caboose ? ? Paddle your own canoe ? ? Take the road less traveled ? ? Says Robert Frost ? ? Keep your stone rollin ? ? So it dont accumulate no moss ? ? Leave the faint of heart ? ? Sucking on your exhaust ? ? Thunder Road ? ? Live a little life ? ? And paddle your own canoe ? ? Dont while it away ? ? Masturbating in the ditches ? ? Put your tackle away ? ? And hitch up your britches ? ? Then provision your boat ? ? With several pulled porks and witches ? ? Indulge in savory meat stuffs ? ? Paddle your own canoe ? ? Young Teddy Roosevelt ? ? Was a weak little puss ? ? But he exercised ? ? And became quite an ornery cuss ? ? Till he could whoop a bear ? ? And also Cuba without a fuss ? ? But got number 26 ? ? And paddled his own canoe ? ? You like to smoke some reefer ? ? And you like to dance ? ? The preacher tells you to keep your pecker in your pants ? ? But that preacherd be kissing your nephew ? ? Given half the chance ? ? You should spend your Sundays ? ? Paddling your own canoe ? ? I might have mentioned ? ? Jesus Christ himself got high in my van ? ? I told him I wouldnt go to church ? ? And he shook my hand ? ? He said, My son, just let me run inside and use the can ? ? Number two ? ? Then lets get some Doritos ? ? And paddle your sweet canoe ? ? What would Jesus do? ? ? Paddle my goddamn canoe ?? Thank you. Thank you.

TOM SEGURA@COMPLETELY NORMAL@2014@Ladies and gentlemen, Tom Segura! [Cheers and applause]` Thank you. Thanks a lot. Thank you. Very nice of you. Thank you. I hope I live up to your expectations. I realized today that I need a hobby, because my workday just started, like, now. Right now. I mean, heres the thing, its not even that big a part of my day. So even if it doesnt go well, its like, ah, you know, still a pretty good fucking day. Like, it was… wasnt a bad day. It just… you know, that part at work that, for an hour, just didnt go to my liking, and then I had a great day otherwise. Cause my whole life is basically, you know, its… its… its hotels. Being in a hotel, just waiting for the show. Sad, right? Im just waiting for the show to start. And youre like, what… what am I gonna… I mean, you can only jerk off so many times before youre like, all right, Im gonna do it again, but… Right now it hurts. I should find something else to do. I absolutely ruin hotel rooms. Like, if you stay in a hotel room after I stayed there, shit is gonna itch on you, okay? Just being honest. Come on, hotels are great. Everybody loves hotels. Especially when you check in with your significant other. Why? Because you know in a hotel youre gonna have sex, and youre gonna have an elevated form of sex. Youre gonna have hotel room sex, which is, lets have sex, but lets also disrespect this room. Yeah. I do that too, except Im alone. Like, I always wipe my balls on the curtains, because I know they dont change those. Think about that the next time you want some sunlight. [Laughter] Or dont. Just know that its on your hand, you know what I mean? Heres what Ive been trying to figure out. I got into online shopping recently. I guess thats a thing. Heres what Ive been doing though. I shop for things that are, like, way out of my price range. And then after a while, I go, oh, yeah. I cant afford that. Like today, I was looking at yachts online. And then I was telling myself I didnt want them, as if they were an option, you know? I was like, 155 feet? Thats not even big enough for all my friends and family. Im not getting that shit. What the fuck am I doing? You ever do that? You ever go down, like, a rabbit hole online, and then, like, six hours have gone by, and youre like, Im shopping for the private jet that best suits my needs. I think I found… this is it right here. The g550. How much is this? Place order. $53 million? Well, maybe not now, but maybe later. Ill just bookmark that shit for now. Boop. You know what that is? Thats a sense of entitlement. Thats me thinking I should be associated with this thing. And I havent earned it. I havent. Neither have you, but also me. I get that feeling the most when I get upgraded to first class. Yeah. I fly every week. I never buy a first class ticket. I buy coach tickets. I buy them so much, I get bumped up to first class. I am telling you, the moment I get bumped up to first class, I get washed over with this feeling. Im like, look at these fucking poor pieces of shit on my flight. Ugh. Im so much better than them. Dont stand next to me. Ugh, dude. I dare you to try to come up from coach and use the first class bathroom when Im there. Ill put my hand on your chest, okay? No. No. Theres a pig trough in the back. Thats for you guys. Thats for the big ballers up front. Some people buy first class tickets. I always feel like they know you got upgraded. They always give you the look like, by the way, we fucking know. You can sit up here, but youre not like us. God, its so weird. People… people ask me cra… like, I get asked fucking travel advice from strangers. Can we just break down how crazy that is? Like, people come up to me, and theyre like, hey, you travel a lot, right? And Im like, yeah. Theyre like, where should I go? Uh, I dont fucking know you, man. You ask travel advice to people who know you intimately. They know you well. They can guide you based on what they know about you. I mean, you dont ask strangers dining advice, right? Youre like, hey, man, where should I eat tonight? I know Ive never met you before in my life, but do you think you could give me a recommendation? Uh, yeah. You should try this dim sum place. But then, that person might go, oh, I hate the Asian world. And youre like, oh, shit. I didnt know that about you. Yeah, I killed, like, four of them. What are you, like, a serial killer, or something? Yeah. Now, youre in an awkward conversation with a serial killer. Heres all Im saying. I cant tell you where to go. I can tell you where not to go. Wherever they film The First 48 on A&E. Oh, if youre not familiar with the show, heres what it is. Camera crews follow real homicide detectives for the first 48 hours after a murder. And the reason that that time distinction is so important, is that after 48 hours, uh, they give up on that murder. Theyre like, thats some old shit. What do you want to do today? Youre like, how about you keep trying to solve that murder, man? That shit happened on Monday. Its Wednesday. Were not gonna solve that shit. Really? There are so many amazing moments on that show… so many. A lot of the episodes take a similar path. Im blown away, first of all, at how many times theres a witness to a murder. Its crazy. I always thought murders happened in dark alleys, nobody saw shit. No. Every other episode, theyre like, you see that shit? And the guys like, I saw that shit. Yeah. Where? Right fucking here. Really? I was standing here, and then he killed that dude there. What did he look like? He was, like, 52" to 68", something like that. Thats the fucking description youre gonna give us? Uh-huh. Anything else about him? Yeah, he had ears too. Thanks, man. No problem. They still will sketch that shit out. And they show it to people. Do you know this guy? And everyones like, nah. But then one guyll be like, yeah! Thats Cricket right there. Theyre like, oh, shit. You know him? I been knowin Cricket 27 years. Whats his real name? Man, thats just Cricket. I dont even know. Stop being white and weird. Thats a perfect fucking impression, and you know exactly who that was, okay? Yeah, its a black guy and hes wearing a wife beater, and hes got on a dirty hat and hes got a cigarette hanging out of his mouth, and he looks like hes about 33, but you find out hes 76 years old. And he speaks super aggressively to the cops. Like, I been out here for a minute! And theyre like, all right, all right. Jesus Christ. When was the last time you saw him? He came through with jellyfish last week. They were lookin for some smoke! And theyre like, all right. Jesus Christ. They always cut to the whitest detective from that guy too. They cut from that guy to a guy whos like, I dont think hes gonna help us out. Were gonna have to find Cricket on our own. That show has the best moment in television. Its the most dramatic thing you could ever see, cause its real life, and that is the interrogation. The interrogation is amazing. Because heres the thing about drama… if you want to have a great, dramatic moment, raise the stakes. Guess what? Theres no higher stakes than somebody being questioned about taking somebody elses life. Its inherently compelling television. It is also super serious. But the detectives insist on using the suspects street name, so the whole thing turns into a fucking cartoon. Like, theyre literally like, your life is on the line. We need to talk to you. Why dont you have a seat, uh, little stank? Why dont you sit down for a second? Did you or did you not know dookie shoes? I dont know no dookie shoes. I got a picture of you hanging out with dookie shoes. I mean, I seen him. I dont know him. And then, theyll throw one bit of evidence against the wall, hoping itll solve the case. Theyll be like, well, we were talkin to nahmean, and he said that you were at the 7-eleven last week. And hell be like, yeah, I shot him in the face. And youre like, goddamn, really? Thats all it took to break you? Dude, lie. Lie for longer. You can kill somebody, you cant lie for ten fucking minutes about it? Like, dudes will break on anything. Theyll be like, we heard you had on a blue shirt last Friday. Yeah, I stabbed those four people. Dude, a lot of people have blue shirts, man. You could still get out of this. Heres what Ive learned watching that show, okay? Lawyer up. You cant handle that shit. Everybodys like, Im gonna talk to the cops and straighten this whole thing out. Youre gonna do 25 to life. Have fun with that, man. Nobody asks for a lawyer. Ive seen 300 people get interrogated on this show. Two of them were like, can I talk to a lawyer? And both times, the detectives were like, fuck! And then, at the end of those episodes, it said on the screen, all charges against Tayshaun were dropped. Or Jim. Pick a fucking name. Lets be honest. Theres no Jims on the show. Ive seen every episode, and none start with, hey, Bryce, can we talk to you for a second, man? Where were you last Friday? I was over at tanners house. Then Skylar had a party, so we went over there. And then, we picked up Connor, and we had pancakes. Sorry, bro. Detective bro, bro. I swear to God, there is no more liberating and fun thing to do in this world than scream in your best aggressive black guy voice. Holy shit. So much fun. I highly recommend you do it. Not if youre black. If youre black, you already do it. But if youre white, do it. Do it in public. Do it where there are black people. And heres a little secret, if you do it well, there is a possibility that a black guy will yell back in return. I do it all the time. I live in Los Angeles. Pick your spot. I go to Crenshaw. Theres never a shortage there. I do. I hang back and I go, hey, yo! And sometimes… sometimes, a black guyll go, sup, d? [Laughter] I did it to Big Daddy Kane one time. I swear to god. I swear… hand to god. If you dont know who Big Daddy Kane is, you can go fuck yourself, okay? I was standing on Sunset Boulevard. – A limousine pulled up. – Whoo! Like for sunset? Really? All right. [Laughter] A limo pulled up, like, I dont know, 30 feet from me. I was just, like, all right. See the door open. Whos getting out of this limo? Expecting, like, a bachelor party or some shit. Fucking Big Daddy Kane. Im like, get the fuck out of here. And something just took over, you know? The spirit grabbed me. And I was like, sup, Kane? And his head whipped around, and he was like, you? And I was like, nuh-uh. That wasnt me. Somebody over there did that shit. That wasnt me. If you ever see Big Daddy Kane, please do the same shit to him. Every week, its another city for me. I get asked the same questions every week by people. Are people the same everywhere? No. Some places suck and they have shittier people. I just gave you a sociology degree. How about that? You like that? Heres one universal truth about people, though. This one is true, and that is that everybody just wants to connect. It doesnt matter where you go, or what language you speak, people just want to connect. And you know when you have chemistry with somebody. You know if youre like, I want to hang out with this person, or I want to date this person, or I want to harness this person to the bottom of my big rig and drive them around for a while and bury them 18 miles west of lake worth. And when I drive by, Ill get a boner. We all have these thoughts, right? Sometimes theres nothing there, and people try to force a connection. I think that shits rude. Im checking into a hotel a few weeks ago. The guy comes from behind the counter and he goes, where are you from? I said, Los Angeles. And he goes, yeah, I got family in Denver. And I was like, what a coincidence. And he goes, yeah, they got a furniture store. And I was like, ah. I like to sit on furniture. Were two for two. I have shoes on. Do you have shoes on? Do you like to walk around? Lets fucking party. Theres nothing there. Sometimes, theres nothing there. And thats okay. Youre not supposed to connect with everybody on the planet. That would be absurd. You should embrace that. Ive been doing this. You should do this too. Next time youre at a bar or youre just out walking around, and somebody goes, hey, man. Just go, nope. Im all friended up. And if theyre like, I just want to know what time it is. Be like, I only tell my friends what time it is. Youll feel like a dick, but then you get over it real quick. I feel like no matter where I go, ten times a day, I find myself asking myself this question… I find myself going like, hey, man, is anybody else seeing this shit right now? Have I stepped into a parallel fucking universe or something? Like, I went to buy a coffee just a few weeks ago from a coffee place. Just so theres no confusion. I didnt go to a shoe store. I went to a coffee place, okay? I go to the lady behind the counter, and I go, can I have a coffee? And she goes, well, we have a special promotion, and today, for $2, you can get this drink, and it has vanilla, and… and theres whipped cream and theres sprinkles on it. And I was like, thats cool. I dont want that. May I have a coffee? And she goes, its the last day… Of this special promotion. And I was like, oh, I think I understand the full scope of the promotion. May I have a coffee? And shes like, youre a fucking loser. Heres the thing, this woman was enormous, okay? She was hu… she looked like four people melted into one. So I was like, you know what? Youre super fat. You know when shit tastes good. Hook that shit up. I want to try it, all right? And she goes, its $2. And I go, all right. And then I extended a $20, and she goes… And I go, Im sorry? And she goes, I dont have the change for that. And I was like, oh, so what do you want to do now? Are you saying I have too much money to shop here? And she goes, we just cant handle it. And I was like, handle it? Its a 20. Like, I didnt put the hope diamond on the counter, and go, figure it out, stupid. Like, its reasonable, right? And she was just all shoulders. Like, mm. And I go, nothing? You have no solution? And she goes, do you still want coffee? Im like, yeah. That parts never changed. Thats why Im here. I go, you cant resolve this at all? And she goes, you could ask somebody else for change. And I go, another customer in line? And she goes, yeah. And I go, what about the box with buttons in front of you? And she goes… So I turn around to the line of people, and I go, excuse me, do any of you guys have change? And everybody was like, you fucking asshole. Like, youre at the place to get change. Youre right there. Well, then this one Arab guy… and Im not saying that means anything… but he was, so why leave it out of the story? He goes, I have everything. And I was like, oh. And then he opened his attache and he had every denomination of every currency. Like, where I could go, I want one of those, and I want one of those, and I want one of tho… hes like, yes, yes, yes. Now, enjoy your pussy drink. Okay. All right. And I want you to know something. I drank that pussy drink, and thats the best shit Ive ever had in my entire life. Pussy drinks forever. Im not sure thats what theyre called, so take your chances. But it would be cool if you went to a Starbucks tomorrow, and youre like, uh, can I get a pussy drink? And theyre like, I think I know what you want. Hold on a second. Can we just all agree on one thi… can we just fucking get onboard with the fact that it is time to see an end to the man who walks around in public with a cowboy hat on, like hes not wearing a cowboy hat in public? I see these guys everywhere. Banks, grocery stores, airports. And now, not only do I see guys wearing cowboy hats, but they have adopted the cowboy persona. Like where they think theyre actual fucking… like the… [snickers] Well, pardon me, maam. Ill tell you what. Ill tell you what. Ill tell you what. You look fucking ridiculous right now. Like, youre a cowboy, really? Cock-a-doodle-doo. A-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang. Get the fuck out of here. Heres all I want from cowboys. Just be cowboy all the way, all right? Work with livestock. Like, if somebody says, lets go get a beer. I want to hear you say, I got to shave some sheep. End your disputes with a pistol. If somebody cuts you off in line, be like, meet me at the saloon at noon. Im a cowboy. And you better ride a horse everywhere. If you wear a cowboy hat, you shouldnt be allowed to sit in cars or look at planes. You should just be like, Ill tell you what. Ill tell you what. San Francisco sure is a pretty city. Yeah, Ill see you there in six months, when you get there on your fucking horse. If youre a cowboy, then I am a knight. Im a knight, and Im gonna wear armor every day, in case somebody wants to joust. And you leave me alone, because Im doing the queens work. Okay, mummy? You know who likes to be cowboys more than anybody? Do you know who? Three-year-olds. Because theyre not developed yet. And they go, mommy. [Imitates gun] And you go, yes, youre a cowboy. And your sisters a princess. And your fathers fucking Batman. Cause you live in la-la land. You dont know whats going on right now. Cowboy hats should come with class rings. Cause I feel like the same guy that buys one buys the other anyway, you know? [Laughter and applause] Check it out. 87. I scored 14 touchdowns that year. What are you doing now? Im just thinkin about killing myself. Oh, okay. Why dont you get a corvette and make it a whole kit? Mm. [Sighs] I just realized my fucking… I do have a hobby. Its probably the saddest, most pathetic hobby there is. And that is just watching television shows. What is lamer than, like, what do you do for fun? Whats your hobby? Oh, fucking, I watch TV. Thats so indicative of our country. And, like, some people are amazing with their, like… oh, I b… I build furniture. Youre like, thats your job? No, no. Im a urologist. But, like, on the side, like, I… oh, I like to… I like to watch my shows. I dont like the way people knock tv though. Its all the… all the same cliche shit they said when we were kids, they now say as adults, right? Theyre like, oh, you know, you… you know, you watch too much tv, itll rot your mind, or, you cant learn anything from television. But thats not true. You can learn a lot from television. For instance, without television, I would have no idea that Steven Seagal is out of his fucking mind. Or alive. I also didnt know that. He has a show. Its not a scripted show. It follows around the real Steven Seagal. And every episode begins with him looking in the camera and saying, I dont know if you knew this or not, but for the last 20 years, Ive been a cop. And youre like, what did you just say? I thought youve been making shitty movies for the last 20 years. What are you talking about? And you watch this show, he has the most unlikeable quality in a human being, which is that he is an expert in everything. Literally, if a dog walks by, hes like, thats a shih tzu, boxer, hound mix right there. And theyre like, how do you know that? Hes like, Ive been working with dogs for, like 35 years. Then, a helicopter flies by. Hes like, thats a hub-106. And theyre like, how do you know that? And hes like, Ive been flying helicopters for, like, 47 years. Then he does the thing though, that everybody does who knows something about everything. Everybody has a friend, no matter what youre doing, they know the history of it all, they know every topic, every fucking fact. If youre eating dinner, theyre like, you know, forks are from the roman times, and they would sculpt them out of bark. And youre like, will you shut the fuck up, and let me finish this please? Seagal will do that too, but you know hes making it up. Hell be like, you know, they also call that helicopter a skippy. And theyre like, why? And he goes, listen to it. Skip-skip-skip-skip-skip-skip… thats bullshit. You made that shit up. Nah, seriously. It just blows my mind… it really does… that everybody in this room… everybody… has this real world possibility in their lives… all of us, we could go tonight, if we wanted to… tonight, you could go to Louisiana, you could start a fight in a bar, and there is a real world possibility that Steven Seagal will arrest you. Isnt that insane to you? Ive lost sleep over this shit. I mean, thats crazy. Thats literally like if you leave here, and you roll through a stop sign, and then, Sylvester Stallone is like, hey, roll it down. And youre like, get the fuck out of here. You work here? And hes like, its my passion. Will you say Adrian or something? Nah. Its nuts. You have to watch this show. He… he panders to every group according to race, knowing full well theres a camera crew following him around. He doesnt give a shit. If youre white, hes like, hows it going? All right. [Snickers] And then, to black people, hes like, whats up, cuz? And theyre like, hey, whats up? Im holding you down, so holler if you need somethin. Okay. And then, to all Latinos… Spanish speaking people… he insists on speaking horrifically broken Spanish, even if they start the conversation in English. If theyre like, hey, yeah, I called 911. Thank you for coming. The thing is… hes like, ah, hold on. Mucho queso. Theyre like, I think my English is way better than your Spanish, man. And hes like, no gracias. And then, to all Asian people, he bows, regardless of where he meets them. If youre Asian, and you cross Steven Seagals path, hes like, ha. And they go, hey, I was born here, you dick. Like, you dont have to do that. And hes like, sorry. Ive been doing martial arts for, like, 85 years. He trains other cops in hand-to-hand combat. I think thats infuriating. For those cops. Its not like were hanging out, were like, hey, man, do you want to do, like, a couple shots, and then go down the street? Steven Seagal is teaching people how to throw punches. And were like, okay. Lets fucking go. No. Its youre a cop, and you show up at work, and theyre like, were gonna go over hand-to-hand combat today, so you can protect yourself if youre in a really dangerous situation. Youre like, oh, cool. Whod you bring in to teach us? Like, some navy seals, or green berets? And they go, no. We brought in Steven Seagal. And youre like, are we shooting a fucking movie this week or something? Theyre like, uh-uh. Okay, Ill pass, cause thats ridiculous. I dont want to be a part of that. Thats literally like if you were, like, at NASA, and theyre like, all right, future astronauts. Were gonna go over space exploration, and to get us started, why dont you welcome Captain Kirk? Come on out, man. And youre like, is he qualified to do this? And theyre like, oh, youve seen him do all that shit. Yeah, he knows what hes talking about, man. Hes been up there. They show him teaching people how to fight. Its horrible. Hes bloated now. He doesnt have the same range of motion. Hes like, everybody line up. If somebo… if somebody throws a punch, you can… you can block it like that. [Exhales] And then… and then, you can kick em in the throat like that. Are you kicking a child in the throat right now? Some peoples throats are down there. I like Havarti cheese the most. Whats your favorite? Um, Im sorry that Im fat. I just realized how fat I was by how winded I got from just doing those little motions. [Groans] Jesus. Its ridiculous. Sometimes I just look in the mirror, and Im like, fuck. I lie to myself all the time. I cheat. Like, Ill look in the mirror, and Im like, hmm. Yeah, thats what you look like. Its all these little things that you dont think about and you just do it automa… heres where I really had to call myself out. I was getting into a shower in a hotel, and it was one of these hotel bathrooms where theres just mirrors everywhere. And as I was stepping in the shower, I looked, and I was like, oh, my god. Like, look at you. I cant believe somebody lets you fuck them. This is crazy. I always like it when I eat myself out of breath. I feel like thats a good boost to my day. You know, Im eating, and then I go… [staggered deep breath] Its better a few moments later, when you get to think about it, and youre like, why did I just stop? To take a deep breath. Oh, yeah. My body also needs air, you fat fucking turd. I did the fattest thing you can do a week ago. Maybe not the fattest thing. I think the fattest thing you can do is probably eat another fat person, right? Like, if youre fat and you see another fat guy, and youre like, that guy looks delicious, youre super fat. I didnt do that. I did, however, go out to eat. I went out to breakfast. I had croissant. Everybody knows what a croissant is, right? Its a flaky-looking thing. I ate one, and one is enough. And then I left this place, and I was walking down the street. And I saw a bakery, and I was like, I wonder what their croissants taste like. So I entered a second venue to shovel bread into my stupid, fat mouth. And the big payoff is that when I was done, I got to go, oh, no. The first place has better croissants. Yeah. I had catastrophic diarrhea this morning. And I just found out that not everybody does. Heres how I found out. We moved… my wife and I moved to a new place. In the new place, the living room couch is closer to that bathroom than it was in the old place. So the second day were there, I go in there, I do my thing. When I walk out, my wife is no longer sitting on the couch. Shes now standing, holding car keys. And she goes, do you need to go to the hospital? And I go, for what? And she goes, for what just happened in there. And I go, what just happened in there? And she goes, is that normal for you? And I was like, I dont even remember what happened, so I guess so. She goes, Jesus, how often do you shit like that? And I was like, every day. She goes, oh, my God. Is there blood in there? There could be. I dont know. I just go, bap! And I hit flush. And she goes, you dont look at it? And I go, where am I supposed to look? Its everywhere. You want me to look at each individual piece? No, I paint the bowl, and then I wash it away. Thats how I found out, at 34 years old, that not everybody has diarrhea every day. I feel like, you know, wives have to get in one last jab too, cause first of all, this wasnt even an argument. This was a conversation. And she won the conversation, okay? She did. I feel horrible about my digestive system. You win. Its settled. Im sitting on… Im sulking, like… [Sighs] On the couch. Shes going to leave this day, right? And she stops at the door as shes leaving the house, and she goes, you know, youre probably gonna die. And I was like, cool, babe. Have a good day. Ill see you when you get home. Then I started thinking about it, and Im like, maybe I am gonna die. I went to the doctor that day, and Im… Im gonna be completely honest with you. I went to the doctor, and I was like, all right. Im just gonna get a checkup, see whats going on. The honest truth is I knew it wasnt gonna be awesome, okay? I knew the doctor wasnt gonna be like, you might be surprised to hear this, but youre perfect. Like, youre a perfect physical specimen, man. I knew that wasnt gonna happen, but I didnt expect him to be a dick. Usually, theyre not. I feel like in my experience, doctors are polite. Almost overly polite, where its phony and condescending. When they go, ah, really interesting story you got there. Doctors do that because youre telling them a story, and doctors dont want to hear a story. Doctors want to hear this hurts, not I was over at my friend Charlies house, and we went to move the ottoman, and… I mean, you can use it as a coffee table, or you can use it as an ottoman. Its up to you, and your doctors like, I want to blow my fucking brains out right now. I go in there, I sit on the exam table, which is my least favorite table to sit on in the world cause its the only table that, in 30 years, Ive sat on where my feet dont touch the ground. So I feel like a fucking toddler, waiting like… [giggles] My doctor comes in. He doesnt say hello. He doesnt say good morning. He just walks in. He points at me, which is super aggressive, you know, to start a conversation with somebody. Like, hey, man. Youre like, hey. Whats up, man? And he goes, do you want something for your hair? And I go, what? And he goes, do you want something for your hair? And I go, I dont get it. And he goes, has nobody told you that your hairs falling out? I was like, damn. No. And he goes, ah. Sorry. Im like, all right. Then he pulls my chart out of the slot, super dramatic, so that it makes a fucking noise. He goes… [Exhales] Im like… and he goes, wow! And Im like, really, wow? Is it full-blown AIDS? Like, why is wow? And he goes, you weigh 245. And I go like, yeah, like, I knew that shit. And he goes, you weighed 230 last time you were here. Not exactly what I would call weight loss. Im like, are we at a fucking roast or something? Like, what are you doing? Then he says, you know youre the fattest patient Ive seen all day. And I go, its 9:30 in the morning. And he goes, still. Hes like, you know, we ran your blood work. It turns out your muscle enzymes are through the roof. And I go, yeah, man, like, Im super strong. Like, how is that a problem? And he goes, theyre off the charts. Im like, even better. Im probably your strongest patient, man. And he goes, I dont think you understand muscle enzymes. And I go, thats true. I dont know what they are. And he goes, well, the only way you could have them this high would be, like, a,  if you were an Olympic athlete, which, clearly youre not. Im like, dude, what is the deal, man? And he goes, the other way would be if you were a cocaine addict. And I go, I dont do coke. And he goes, Im your doctor. You dont have to lie to me. And I go, Im not lying. And he goes, I cant treat you if youre not gonna be honest. And I go, hey, man, arent cokeheads skinny? Isnt that, like, part of the deal? And he goes, usually, yeah. The nurse comes in. She takes my chart out of his hands, and she goes, oh, my God. His muscle enzymes are so high. Maybe he runs marathons. And my doctor goes, look at him. So at this point, I go, this was a lot of fun. Thank you for having me today. Im gonna leave now, and he goes, all right. Then he goes, ho… hold on a second. Do you have a ring on your finger? And I go, yeah. And he goes, youre married? And I go, yeah, and he goes, to a guy? And I go, no. And he goes, oh. I thought you were gay. And I go, why? And he goes, I dont know. Im like, all right, dude. And he goes, hey, Im just kidding. And I go, thats fine. He goes, but check it out. And he takes my chart, and he shows it to me, and he had written gay? On my medical chart. [Laughter and applause] The thing that gets sent to other doctors has his inside… [Chuckles] Maybe he sucks cock joke written on it. I went home. I told my wife. Shes like, oh, my god, what are you gonna do? And I was like, what do you mean? And she goes, I mean, are you ever gonna go back there? Im like, are you out of your mind? Thats the funniest fucking doctor in the world. Of course Im going back there. I have, like, Don Rickles as my primary care physician. Thats amazing. Im faking injuries to go back to this guy. You know youre a piece of shit. Im like, I know. Hes fucking amazing. Oh, my God. I do think about death. I just want it to be justified, you know? Like, if I die violently, you know, maybe I have, like, Serena Williams sitting on my face, and… I dont know, Venus is polishing me off, and theyre trying to fit a racket in my ass or something like that. Then my wife comes in, boom, and Im, like, fucking done. Its fun that way. I dont want it to be a dumb death. I feel like theres dumb deaths that they kind of subtly mock, like, on the news. They do. Theyll be like, in local news… theyll be like, and then, also coming up, a guy was trying to get a soda out of a vending machine, and then it fell on him. And theyre like… and youre like… cause that could happen to you. It could be, like, you know, like, I would go to the fucking mall, and then I fall down the stairs, and then they send a news crew, and theyre like, what happened? And they interview the dumbest fucking guy, and hes like, I seen him fall. And then he dont move no more. And youre like, thats my eulogy? Thanks a lot, man. I felt like I was gonna die a few months ago. I called a car service to take me to the airport. You know, when youre like, I got 60 bucks. Lets fucking do this, right? This nice town car comes to the house. The guy gets out. Hes got all white hair. Much older man. From the beginning, he makes me uncomfortable when he calls me sir. I dont know if youve ever had a guy way older than you call you sir. Youre like, hey, man. Youre, like, 1,000 years old. You have a couple weeks to live, maybe. How about we drop the formality, okay? I get in the car, he goes, the temperature all right, sir? I go, its fine. He goes, would you like a bottle of water, sir? And I go, you dont have to call me sir. You can just call me Tom. And at that moment, all of his professionalism went out the window. Cause the very next thing he said was, you smoke weed? And I was like, I mean, yeah, sometimes. And he goes, do you want to smoke some now? And I was like, I mean, yeah. But I dont think my driver should be offering me, you know? He doesnt miss a beat. He opens the console. He takes out a joint. He lights it. He passes it back. I hit it out of respect, right? Cause hes old. And then I give it back to him, and the next thing he says is, yeah, I cant drive unless Im fucked up. Im like, did you hear what you just said? And he goes, yeah, Im ripped right now. Im like, well, hands on 10:00 and 2:00, motherfucker. Like, keep it together. I go, so is that all you do? Smoke weed? I can handle a guy that smokes weed. He goes, well, I love it all. And Im like, whats all? Thats a broad statement. He goes, I love coke. I love heroin. But theres nothing like smoking rocks, you know what Im saying? And I was like, no, I dont know what youre saying. Mind you, this is while hes driving, so its actually like, I love smoking rocks, man. You know what Im… Im like, dude, turn around. So I go, can I ask you something? He goes, yeah. Whats up? I go, whats it like to smoke rocks? Ive never done that before. And he goes, ooh-ooh! [Applause] I was like, is that the whole sentence? Is that it? He goes, that shit is the best! What I like to do personally, is I like to sit in my apartment and fire em up. And then I look out the peephole. And I watch people walk around. And I just freak the fuck out about whats gonna happen next. And then, he gave me a head nod like, doesnt that sound awesome? I was like, dude, that sounds terrible. Thats called a panic attack, and thats a horrible sales pitch for crack. Now, Im definitely not gonna try it. We pull up to the airport, and I go, its none of my business, but I think youre too old to be messing with all these drugs. And he goes, I dont do it anymore, Tom. Yeah, it was sir at the top of the ride. Now, its Tom, you piece of shit. I dont do it anymore. I did it when I was younger. And I go, all right. And he goes, I mean, I still do it every once in a while. But you know what they say, if you do something every once in a while, its not that bad for you. And I was like, dude, I think they mean that about, like, pizza and chocolate. Nobody ever means that for crack, just so you know. Ive never heard, what are you doing? Im smoking rocks. Well, not every day, okay? You crazy kid. Weeds not a big deal, though. I dont know why the fuck people make a big deal out of weed. You know? You… [cheers and applause] You see it change. I mean, states have it legalized. I dont know why… the perception, I find, from other people about California, they think that were like the wild fucking west. Like, people, theyre like, aw, you live in I.A. You guys just smoke joints and tell the cops to suck your dick, right? And Im like, yeah, thats exactly right, yeah. You should do that too when you come out. L.A.P.D. Is super into that. But take your joint, flick it at em, be like, suck my dick, man. theyll laugh and high-five you… its fine. Its so dif… I mean, first of all… all right, lets be clear. If you get a medical card, one of the things that people dont know, they have expiration dates on them, and you have to renew your card all the time. And its not what you think. Its not exactly the easiest thing. You literal… you have to get in your car. You have to drive down to a place. Thats it… thats all you gotta do, is go drive there. Takes, like, five minutes. But my card expired three years ago. I still havent renewed it. I tried to go to a dispensary a few weeks ago, and theres two rooms. Theres the room they check you out in, they check your stuff, and then, theres the main room with all the goodies, right? And the guy took my card, and he goes, dude, I cant let you in. Your card expired three years ago. I was like, come on, man. And he was like, all right. I was like, wow, Im a really good negotiator, huh? I didnt real… well, once you put it like that, yeah. Getting that medical card is surreal. My experience was surreal. I went to a doctors office, and its not dr. Dickhead that I was telling you about. This is a different doctor. Hes a doctor because he got a business card, and he put dr. on it. His office was such a piece of shit, that you could hear the conversation going on between the doctor and the patient ahead of you, which is never supposed to happen. So as Im waiting for my turn to go in, Im waiting, and I hear the doctor go, oh, what is your medical need for marijuana? And the guy in there goes, oh, I have a bone disease. And I was like, oh, shit. I dont have a bone disease. Like, I thought you could just be like, weeds awesome. And hed be like, yeah, I fucking know, like… So I start to panic internally… like, what am I gonna say? And in my mind, I just go to the worst shit. Like, in my mind, Ill be like, just say you have AIDS. Like, just tell him you have AIDS. Then hell be like, when did you find out? Ill be like, I just found out, like, five minutes ago. You dont seem that bummed out. Well, Im just happy to be here, so lets wrap this shit up, man. For some reason, I pictured him asking me to prove it, which they would never be like, prove it, and youre like, oh, I left my aids card at home. I dont have it on me. Then I go, thats way too dramatic. Just dial it back. Im like, ah, Ill just say I have cancer. Thats much more believable. Then I start thinking of all my family members that have died of cancer, and Im like, man, if I say I have cancer just to get weed, I am getting cancer next fucking week. By the time I have that thought, Im sitting in front of the doctor. Hes like… I go, what? He goes, what is your medical need for marijuana? And the best I can come up with on the spot is, my eyes hurt. And he goes, do you have vision problems? And I go, oh, yeah. And he goes, you dont wear glasses? And I go, cant. Hurts. Everything hurts. Ow, ow. Ow, ow. He writes me a prescription. I go to leave. As I leave, I see the guy whos going in next, and I dont know why I think its gonna be funny to listen. Cause I think hes not gonna get it, and Ill tell you why. I completely judged the guy, cause the guys your typical L.A. Cholo Mexican gangbanger, okay? Its a very specific look. Youve seen movies. You know what the fuck Im talking about. Its khaki dickies with an oversized white t-shirt, Chuck Taylors, an L.A. Hat, and also an L.A. Tat in, like, this general area here. So its like, aw, if I lose my hat, I still have my favorite team right fucking here. So I listen at the door. Im like… [Laughs] And I hear the doctor go, what is your medical need for marijuana? And the guy goes, I just really like the way that weed makes me feel. And then the doctor wrote him a prescription for that. Yeah, you dont have to lie. You can just be like, weeds awesome. And hes like, yeah, I fucking know. I feel sorry for all the people with diseases that keep coming in here, man. The last dudes eyes didnt even work. It was sad. Youre lucky you have your health, ese. Orale. Im always trying to set goals. My latest goal… Im trying to be less polite, you know? Cause the world is not as polite as youre raised to believe its gonna be, you know? I dont understand why we accept that when you say thank you, people dont have to say youre welcome anymore. People have stopped. Now, you say thank you, and people give you a nod, like… I want to stab you in the fucking ears if you do that shit to me. I do. Ill go, thank you, and they go… I go, did you not… did you not just hear what I just said to you, man? And you get, like, a follow-up nod. So now, I skip it all. I just take shit, and I go… I find rudeness everywhere. I think the rudest person in the world is a person that waits outside of a grocery store with a petition for you to sign. What a fucking asshole you are. They do that, and do you know why thats a shitty thing to do? Theyre systematically trying to ruin your happiness. Cause youre leaving the grocery store, and youre feeling what? Youre feeling happy. Youre like, oh, I got soy milk. Its gonna be a good week. All right. And then they stop me ab… sir, could you look at this? Im like, look at what? And theyre like, do you want children to starve and die on the streets? And Im like… Now I do… now that you just ruined my day, I do, yeah. I want you to die first, but then I want all of them to die. I say the opposite of whatever theyre trying to fucking get me to sign. Like, this is to teach blind people how to do Shakespeare. Im like, I hope they all go deaf first. And theyre like, Jesus. Im like, yeah, thats fucking right. Youre the asshole, not me. This is to end the war in Afghanistan. I go, I fucking love the war in Afghanistan. Its my favorite war. I hope it goes on for 1,000 years. And theyre like, youre crazy. Im like, thats right. Im crazy. Remember my face and never ask me to sign shit again. I cant get over rude people. I was in a hotel a few weeks ago. I go down to the hotel gym. I get on the treadmill. I run, I dont know, 70 miles, right? [Laughter] 170 miles, thank you. 170 miles. But Im alone. Theres nobody in there. Im sweating. Im hyperventilating. [Groans] Then, out of nowhere, I just hear, getting it in? And I go, Jesus Christ! What? This guy goes, you getting it in? I go, getting what in? He says, you getting a workout in? I go, doesnt it fucking look like it? He goes, yeah, you just gotta keep doing it. And I go, okay. He goes, nah, I used to be like you. And I go, what? He goes, I used to be like you. You just gotta keep eating right and keep doing it, and youll get there. And I was like, dude, Im disabled. [Laughter] And he was like, Im sorry. I didnt know that. Let me… let me point something out. Its okay for me to make jokes about disabled people and people with horrible diseases because they make me uncomfortable, and I dont want to be like them. [Laughter] Maybe that makes me a bad person, but Im an honest person, and Im telling you, that shit is terrifying. I dont want to be like them. Heres another bit of information. I also dont want to look at them. I dont. I refuse to watch the Michael J. Fox show because I dont want to see shaky face not stand still for one frame. [Laughter and applause] The guy cant eat soup. Its depressing, okay? Try to pawn this thing off as a comedy? Get the fuck out of here. Youre bumming everybody out. How many Parkinsons jokes am I supposed to applaud with this thing? I wont watch the show. Ive seen a commercial. I will not watch that show. You know why? A version of it plays in my head, and it is fucking awful. And I think its probably accurate. I really do. I bet you that show is nothing but setups for that shit. I bet its just like, here… in the next episode he goes, dad, can you help me hammer in this nail? And he goes, you know they dont trust me with those. And then you get to go, at home, I get it. Hes got fucking Parkinsons. You dont think thats been fucking pitched in the writers room? Its pasta night. Dad, can I get some parmesan? Thats one thing I can do forever. [Laughter] Im good. I said Im good. You dont think the episode idea has been talked about, where he goes to work, and his coworker gets to say, you know, I got to get my wife a vibrator. Thats one thing my wife doesnt need. And then you get to go, I get it. Hes got fucking Parkinsons. I dont want to see that shit. Im sitting at home. Im trying to have fucking dinner. Im sitting on my couch. We have a table, but Im an adult, and I can sit wherever I want. So Im sitting on the couch, about to have dinner, and this fucking… a girl… two girls… one girl… a girl… two… one… a girl… two girls… one girl who has two heads on one body comes on. Their heads face each other. Their heads are like, Mmm. They look like theyre gonna grunt. They look like theyre gonna go, Mmm… Aah! Like that, but they dont. This comes on TV. Theres no warning on the screen, like, hey, in a second, you might shit yourself. Put down whatever youre holding, seriously. Im sitting there, about to eat chicken paprikash, and its hot, and I go… [Blows] And then I look up, and I go… [screams] Ten seconds later, Im wiping the back of my legs. Now… Ill be honest, when she first appeared on-screen, I was like, hey, lady, youve got something on your shoulder. No, you, youve got something on your shoulder. But then, I realized, Tommy, why are you so upset? You love monsters. Now… [sighs] Heres whats upsetting about this show. If youre gonna air a fucking freak show, which is what that is, do you mind? Could you please include the freaky shit? Thats why were watching. You watch this show, the two girls with the fucking one body, two heads. [Mumbles] Theyre like, what? Yeah. Heres what she likes to do. She likes to get, fucking, her nails done. Whats the problem? Youre like, she has two fucking heads that face each other. Why are you cutting out scenes that I know exist? Theres got to be days where one of them is like, I feel like going out tonight. Well, I feel like staying home. Well, I control the legs. Were fucking going. Wheres that? What about people that one of em loves and one of em hates? That has to happen. They have separate minds. Were going to Tonys house. I fucking hate Tony. Well, Im gonna blow him, so you better get ready for ball duty. Meh. [Laughter] I can feel your judgment. I reject your judgment completely. First of all, everybody loves blow jobs. Secondly, Im not making this shit up. If your Siamese twin sister is doling out bjs, youre along for the ride. You dont have to participate, but youre at least there, I dont know, giving notes, I guess. Mm, mm, mm. You have horrible technique. Meh. I can see your teeth. Meh. Why is it so dry? Meh. All right, well move it along. I get it. Not everybodys on board with double-headed bjs. Will you at least admit to me, and more importantly to yourself, that you would love to see the girl with two heads take a shit? Just to see if the faces match up, right? Just to see if one of thems like… [Grunts] And the other ones like, hey, take it easy. Its my ass too, you know. Oh, come on. I really wish that each and every one of you could see my internet search history. Because I think you would all say the same thing. I think you would all be like, this is one sick, twisted, deviant pervert, who also loves current events. My history is literally a back-and-forth volley of, like, big, sloppy tits smacked back and forth by 13 cocks. Whats going on in Syria? I feel badly about watching so much of it too. You know why? Cause its lazy. I know watching that much porn is lazy. It gets in the way of other things I want to do, like learn another language. Id love to learn another language, but theres too much porn to watch. Why not combine the two, right? Have you seen these language videos? They are boring. The man is sitting down. Youre like, all right. Have you seen an anal gangbang? Super exciting. Heres what I propose. You download the series, and then tutorial number one begins to play. All right? Heres what happens. An elevator door opens. A woman is giving a guy a blow job, all right? Like, an aggressive blow job. Not one of these, like… [Hums] No. I mean, like… [Gagging] Where youre like, Jesus Christ! Is the answer in there? Is that why shes doing that? And she has tears running down her face and slobber all over herself. And she goes… [Gagging]. Which way is the subway? [Speaks Spanish] [Gags]. Youre like, now its sinking in. Some of you didnt like that one. I can tell by your faces. Maybe thats because youre more advanced and youre ready for tutorial number two. In this one, a man is chained to a wall. His arms and his legs are chained, and hes completely naked, and youre like, whoa. Whats going on here? And then, a few seconds later, a woman enters frame, and shes wearing, I dont know, a 15-inch strap-on. She doesnt say hello or tap him on the shoulder. No warning, just bow! Youre like, holy shit! And she just goes to hammer town. Shes like, bow! Bow! Bow! And youre like, what the fuck? And then, after, like, the tenth stroke, she goes, this salad is too spicy. [Speaking Spanish]. And youre like, Im learning Spanish. Can somebody pass me a Kleenex? [Sighs] Mm. Im married. You like that segue? I like being married. I do. You see a lot of comics, you go to shows, and theyll be like, I love getting out of the house, just so I can get away from that bitch. And youre like, wow, sounds like you married a real fucking asshole, man. Thats awesome. I like it. You know what the best part of being married is? You get to stop pretending. And thats what fucking dating is. Its an act. Youre on Broadway. For however long youre dating, youre doing an act, and it looks exhausting. Thats why if youre dating and youve ever been out in public, and you see married people look at you like this, and youre like, what the fuck are they looking at? Theyre tired for you. It is… its an act, and its exhaust… you see it all… dating is a guy going, uh, just so you know, Im this guy. And the girls like, well, just so you know, I am this girl. And then you get married, and youre like, uh, so can we knock this shit off? And she goes, I hope so, because I gotta fart pretty bad. Ive actually had to fart for, like, four years. All right. Let that fart out. Sexually liberating to get married. It is, really is. Especially for men, cause heres what happens. When you start dating somebody, you know, your first thing is like, all right, you see the girl, and youre like, I want to get in there. That would be… or however you phrase it in your head, right? [Laughter] Right, and then, you go out on a few dates, and as you get closer to the act… the magical act happening, a lot of times a woman will ask a guy. Shell be like, oh, so, like, what are you into? What do you like? And this is when a mans brain goes, dont scare her. You could fuck this up for us. So we lie to you, and were like, oh, I like to hold hands. Uh, I like if you go… [Blows] On my neck. Thats cool. Then you get married, and youre like, I want you to yank on my ball bag like youre stuck at sea and this is the only motor thats gonna take you home. [Laughter and applause] A lot of girlfriends cant handle that shit. Girlfriends will be like, ugh, what? But a wife? A wife will go, that it? And youre like, oh, yeah, I get you for, like, 50 years. Shes like, yeah, Ill spit butter in your ass. Whatever you want, man. Or whatever. Margarine, I dont know. Whatever youre into, so… olive oil. You find, the longer youre with somebody, youre like, everybody has something. Everybody has something weird and kinky and different. Everyb… and you suppress it, and you go, like, oh, my god. If anybody knew… oh, my god. I would fucking die if somebody knew. Everybody has something. And youre like, no, not everybody. What about Jim? He wears a blazer. Jim too. Jim likes to be hit in the nuts with a wrench, okay? Jims out of his fucking mind. I tour the country. I ask people all the ti… I hear shit. You cannot make this sh… I was at a show. I asked people in the aud… like, whats your fucking craziest thing? And a lady in the front row, she goes, I have one. And I go, what is it? And she goes, oh, never mind. [Laughter] I go, what is it? And she goes, all right. I like to think of different scenarios in which to kill my husband. And I was like, damn. And he was sitting right there, and he was like, thats whats up. Thats what she likes. I was like, really? And she was like, oh, yeah. I go, you go, Im super horny. I had the best dream that you were floating in the pool, and then I threw a cement block at your head.' and she goes, that would be a great one. Same show, I swear to you, a lady goes, I have one. And I go, what is it? And she goes, I like to sit on my husbands face. And I go, thats not that unique. You cant really claim that thats your weird thing. And she goes, yeah, but I only like to feel his eyelashes against my butt cheeks. And I was like, what? [Laughter] And she goes, mm-hmm. And I was like, I didnt even know that was a thing. And she was like, oh, yeah. Like, where the fuck have you been? And Im like, what if he, like, you know, sneaks a lick, like, ah-ah, like that? And she goes, I go, no!' I just want to feel squink-squink-squink. So stop feeling weird and sit on peoples faces, all right? Thats what I want you to leave here with. Guys, weve covered a lot of stuff tonight. We really have. Some of you might, you know, not think highly of me. I dont know, some of you might be like, this guys fucking stupid. Some of you might think Im offensive. Some of you might think Im unenlightened. I dont know. But I will tell you this. I believe in humanity. I do. I believe were all here together, and I believe theres no such thing as coincidence. And I think I can tell you the story that will also make you believe this, all right? A few years ago, I was in Washington D.C., and I was sharing a cab with a woman I didnt know. Never met her before in my life. Were splitting the cab. Midway through the ride, as Im looking out my window, I hear the woman go, hey. And I thought she was gonna be like, hey, like, you want to fuck or something? And I was gonna be like, I cant. Im married. So make it quick, all right? I look over, Im like, what is it? And she goes, is this yours? And shes holding a wallet. And I go, no, its not mine. And she goes, oh, it must be the previous riders wallet. Ill just give it to the driver. And I go, dont do that. Look at him. He looks like a cab driver. He probably smokes crack every once in a while. You cant trust these guys. I go, give it to me. Ill get it back to the rightful owner. And she goes, really? I go, yeah. She gives me the wallet. Now, I feel obligated to find the owner. But heres the honest-to-god truth, I really want to. Ive always dreamed about finding a wallet. I dont know why. I dreamed I would find a wallet, I would open it, it would have $1,000 in it, I would get it back to the rightful owner, it would turn out to be, like, Will Smith, and then hed be like, do you want a helicopter? And Id be like, yeah. And then Id be like, I got a family in Denver. Do you like furniture? So I open this wallet. It has $2, a grocery store rewards card, and a community college I.D. So I have found not Will Smiths wallet. But I still try to do the right thing. I call the grocery store, I explain the situation, and I go, can you help me out? And they go, no, were a grocery store. We dont track people down. Eggs are on sale. Go fuck yourself. And I was like, cool. Thank you. Thank you for your help. Then, I call the community college, and I speak to literally every department in the community college for 41/2 hours, before I finally get a contact number. I call the number, and a man answers the phone who I can only imagine has never used a phone before, cause he actually answers the phone with a noise. So just to break this shit down, I dont know if youve ever used a phone before, but usually, when you call someone, [mimics phone ringing] And they pick it up, they say, hello. Thats fucking it. Thats what people say when they answer the phone. Maybe if theyre in a bad mood, what? Those are the two options. This man answers the phone… [Mimics phone ringing] Picks it up, and he goes, ah. And I go, hello? And he goes, wah. And I go, Im gonna talk, and then you talk. And he goes, yeah. Like, it was the first time someone explained to him how fucking phone calls work. Up until that point, he was just like, that made a noise. Im gonna make a noise too. Ah. So I go, hey, I found this wallet. I was given your number. Im trying to return the wallet. And he says, its probably my sons wallet. Hes always losing shit because hes a piece of shit. Thats the first thing… I dont even know how to respond. Im like, ah. I go, well, can I give him his shit back? He goes, hes a real asshole. And I go, were talking about your son right now? And he goes, yeah, I dont think hes gonna amount to anything. I go, Jesus Christ. I go, maybe he will amount to something if he gets his wallet back. And he goes, yeah, yeah. Ill let him know you called. And then he hangs up the phone without taking my information. So his plan is to go to his son and be like, some guy found your wallet. Yeah, I dont fucking know, and just, like, walk away. So Im super frustrated. I tried to do the right thing, right? I forget about the wallet. A year goes by. A year, a calendar year. I go back to D.C. I go in town, I call a friend, we go to a restaurant, just a random restaurant. We sit down, and the waiter comes up to take our order, and I go, Justin? And he goes, how do you know my name? And I go, dude, I have your wallet. And he goes, oh, do you have it on you? I go, no, I dont fucking walk around with your wallet. I dont go, I got my wallet, and I got Justins wallet. Now, Im ready to go out. No, you fucking psycho. And he goes, do you want to hear about todays specials? And I go, do you want to acknowledge that this is an amazing moment in both of our lives? And he goes, what do you mean? What do I mean? I found your wallet in a cab in D.C. a year ago. I dont know how many cabs are here, but I think its a lot. I got told no 100 times by 100 people trying to find you. My hotel room used to look like an episode of NCIS. There was pins and charts connecting shit to each other. I spoke to your father, whos not a fan. I dont know if you knew that or not. I come to a restaurant at random, I get seated in your section, and I recognize you from your I.D. Thats burned into my memory. You dont think thats fucking amazing? And he goes, we have a prime rib special. We also have a penne pasta. I cant eat. Im like, what the fuck? He comes by, I go, look, I dont want to make a big thing here, but I do remember that I have your wallet in my bag… my bag in my hotel room. If you want to come by, I will give you your wallet. And he goes, okay. I go back to the hotel. I hear a knock at the door. And now, Im expecting him to lose his shit. I think the situation merits freaking the fuck out. I think he was playing it cool, and now hes gonna be like, I didnt want to say this earlier. We should open a surf shop in Maui together, you know? Or, like, this is my newborn son. I want you to have him, like that shit. So I hear a knock at the door. I open the door, Im like, hey. And he goes, hey, you got my wallet? And I go, yeah, and I give it to him, and he goes, cool. And he turns around, and he walks away. No. It is not cool. So I open the door, and I see him about to get on the elevator. I go, hey, Justin! And he goes, yeah. And I go, your dads right… youre a fucking asshole, and youre never gonna amount to anything, and I shut the fucking door. Applause] You fucked up, Justin. You couldve been here, man. Thank you, guys. You were amazing. Have a great night. Thank you. Thanks a lot. [Cheers and applause]

BILL BURR@IM SORRY YOU FEEL THAT WAY@2014@[cheers and applause] All right, thank you! Thank you very much! Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. How are you? Whats going on? Thank you. Its a pleasure to be here in the greater Atlanta, Georgia, area, this oasis. Its nice to be here. I dont know why I came here in June. Its nice to be here. Wasnt thinking. Fucking ridiculously hot out there. Just miserable, horrible. That kind of heat, you understand the racism down here, ya know? I get it. How would you get along with anybody? Look at em just over there, drinkin a cold drink! Lemonade was made for the white man! So… What the hell have I been doing with my life? Trying to get in shape, man. But I hate going to the gym, so I decided Id go veggie twice a week. Its brutal. I can only make it till about 5:00. Five oclock, thats what I realized about myself, you know that? Something has to die every day in order for me to live. Somethings got to get its beak chopped off, its feathers yanked, uppercut to its jaw, just in order for me to survive. Im trying! Couscous and all that shit. Its awful. I saw this thing, though. They said if everybody went vegan, if everybody went vegan or vegetarian, whatever the hell they said. One of those V ones, right? They said itll be great for the environment, you know. I guess theres all this cattle standing around, and when they fart, the gas goes up in the atmosphere and causes something. Right? Theyre always doing that shit. You know, If everybody went vegan, the air would be– If everybody drove an electric car, if everybody just had some snowshoes on. Right? They just wont come out and say it. Nobody has the balls to come out and just say, Look, 85% of you have to go. – Thats it! That is it. – [cheering and applause] I have been bitching about the population problem for three specials in a row. Waiting… for some politician to have the balls to bring it up, but they wont do it, they wont do it. We live in a democracy. Right? Cant be honest in a democracy. You need the votes. You cant run with that as your platform. Coming out there: And if elected, I would implement a program to immediately eliminate at least 85% of you! This planet cannot sustain the sheer numbers– Let me finish! This will not be arbitrary. Under your seats is a multiple choice questionnaire! If you did not bring a pencil, youre already out! You cant do that. You got to be nice. You got to be fuckin nice, especially this day and age. Everybody getting in trouble, all these goddamn groups out there, bitch, moaning and complaining anytime anybody says anything. Were part of a group, eh. You gotta apologize. Im sorry to people who own Shar Peis. I didnt mean to say that its an ugly-ass dog, nah. Right? Fuck you and your group. What about that? What do you got, two million people in your group? Theres 400 million in this country. Nobody gives a shit. Right? Who the fuck joins a group? Im gonna join a group, thats what Im gonna do today. Go to meetings. What kind of a fucking loser, right? Thats the same way I look at people who got upset about, you know, Michael Sam, the gay football player kissing his boyfriend when he got drafted. Everybody bitch, moaning and complaining. Its like, dude, thats what you get for watching the draft, all right? Now once again, what kind of a fucking loser just sits there watching round after round? The Jets are up next. I think they need a quarterback. They need to improve their defensive line. Dude, thats like going to a graduation ceremony where you dont know anybody whos graduating. Youre just fucking sitting there. Theyre gonna have the whole list the next day. Theyll have everybody. Who drafted who, when. Fucking got to sit there and watch that shit. Those stupid interviews. Yeah, youre a member of the Buffalo Bills. How does it feel? Well, you know, its a blessing. I want to thank God. Gonna try to do my best, its a great organization, and the same shit the last 80 guys said. So, yeah. Yeah. Im glad he kissed him. He should have fuckin blown him. Yeah! With birthday cake in his mouth and a Santa Claus hat on his head, just to ruin the entire year. Holding a flag. That fucks up Flag Day. Youll keep thinking about it. Yeah. Fucking stupid-ass groups. People apologizing to em like they have some sort of power. Look, if youre being a dick, apologize. But other than that, yeah, go fuck yourself. Yeah. [cheers and applause] Everybody getting in trouble, like a bunch of children. I was doing a gig in Dallas, and some waitress wrote on a piece of chalkboard. She goes, We like our beer the way we like our violence, domestic. Right? Now I got to tell you something. Thats a great fucking joke! There is zero fat on that. You need every word of that joke. You take one word out, it doesnt work. Its a perfect joke. So whatever, nobody gives a shit. One person comes in, they dont like it, they ask the manager to take it down. Hes just like, Thats our sense of humor here. Have a beer, go fuck yourself. Thats what were doing. She takes a picture of it, puts it on Facebook. All of a sudden, people start complaining. They fired the manager and the waitress. Because of that. Yeah! I dont understand, like, what do they think is gonna happen if somebody reads that joke? Like, youre some guy who would never hit a woman, ya know. Would never hit a woman. You cant hit women. You honestly cannot. You ever see how they fall? They fall like toddlers, you know? Its like they never fell in their life. They never put their hands out. Its horrific to watch. You cant hit them. Right? So what are you telling me? Somebody… youre telling me someone who never hit a woman is gonna come walking in, read that joke, you know, just be, Wait a minute! [shouts angrily] Thats the dumbest shit. They have all kinds of signs out there telling people not to hit women, people still do it. What do you think wife beaters are doing when they drive home? Theyre like so focused on hitting their wife, they got blinders on, theyre not reading anything? They dont see the Dont Hit Your Wife billboard? Theyre still gonna do it. Did that get too weird for you guys? Did the church organs make that fucked up like I was up here? Make a pledge for Jesus and hit your women. Ever watch some of those stupid religious shows? That fucking Joel Osteen, you ever see that guy? That guy is so full of shit, he doesnt even open his eyes when hes talking. Take a pledge for Jesus. Are they still here? He doesnt even have the nerve to open his eyes. You want some popsicles? Jesus wants you to have some popsicles. He wants you to have those popsicles. His fucking electric blue carpet. Yeah, everybodys getting in trouble cause of these goddamn groups. Look at the amount of old people that got in trouble this year. Old people get in trouble, right? That older woman there that makes the cookies on the Food Network, right? Yeah, Paula Deen. She got in trouble, cause she had this slavery-themed wedding or whatever the hell she did. In defense of her, you know, you want to have an original wedding. Theres not a lot of themes left, you know? You got to use the old imagination if youre gonna try to blow people away with your creativity, right? Im actually gonna have a Holocaust- themed pool party later on this summer. I am. Once everyone gets in ze pool, ja. It was weird, it was like it was offensive but like refreshing, you know? I dont know, I dont know how I feel about it. Yeah, she got in trouble. The old redneck on Duck Dynasty, that dude got in trouble. The owner of the Clippers got in trouble. And Im not saying what these people did wasnt offensive. Im not sayin that shit. What pissed me off was at no point during all of these stories did anybody address their age, you know? Theyre fucking old, you know? What did you think they thought? You never talked to a grandparent and asked the wrong question and all of a sudden, it went down this crazy road? Whoa, whoa, whoa! Lets get back to the cookies, Grandma! Lets leave that shit over here, what the fuck? Yeah, theyre old. What did you think they thought? I mean– Im gonna be honest with you. People were too hard on that Clippers guy, man, Im telling you. For an 80-year-old white guy, that wasnt that bad. All right? Dude, he didnt drop the N word once. Thats unbelievable for an 80-year-old white guy. The N word should have been carpet-bombed through that whole tape. He never said it once! If you go back and listen to that tape– go back and listen to it. Other than Instagram, hes pretty fucking liberal. Hes like, You can hang out with them, you can have sex with them, just dont promote it on Instagram. Yeah, it was the weirdest, most compartmentalized, like, racism I ever heard in my life. Something about Instagram, I didnt get it. Other than that, he was wide open. You can make a snowman with them, go to a water park, rub your bellies together, just dont promote it on Instagram. Hey, what about Facebook? I dont give a fuck about Facebook! Keep it off of Instagram! Yeah. Dude, you understand, the guy is 80 years old. Do the math. This dude was born in 1934. Thats 13 years before Jackie Robinson broke the color barrier. First 12 and a half years of this guys life, he watched all-white baseball, and it was fine! First 12 and a half years. Up next, Whitey Willoughby! Theres a line shot out to Peter Peckerwood, what a catch! Unbelievable, in to Chris Cracker! What a great day. What a great day for a ballgame. White baseball, white players. Dude, his parents were part of the generation that finished off the genocide of the Native Americans, all right? Thats who taught him his ABCs. You know? ~ A, B, C, D, E… ~ Hey, get that savage off my property! Get out of here! I thought we killed all you people! Put a fence around them! ~ H, I, J, K… ~ Yeah. What did you think was gonna happen? The owner of the Clippers, you know what his big crime was? He lived too long. He did. If hed died around 1969, 1970, nobody would have noticed. Dude, look at Walt Disney, Walt Disney was a known anti-Semite. But he died in the early 70s. Nobody gives a shit. Look at him, hes got a castle, bunch of mice running around. Nobody cares. This guy kept living. Telling you, you can live too long. You can live too long, Im telling you. You wear out your welcome. I swear to God, this fucking guy, I bet in the 1940s, he was considered a hippie. You know? Just walking around, Hey, you can hang out with em, you can have sex with em, man, you know? His dads getting all pissed off: Let me tell you something, see? You stay with your own! You stay with your own. Thats true, though. Life can pass you by. It happens. You just keep living and living. Basically, I think you got, like, 25, 30 years to absorb as much as you can, and then thats it, thats all you know. Cause right around then, you get married, and its over, right? You have a couple of kids, youre sucked in the bubble. You dont have time to pay attention to whats going on out in the world. Youre stuck with these kids. Its shitting all over the place! Dont be a serial killer! Dont touch that! Youre just stuck in that. You have three, four kids, that is a 25-year sentence, trying to get them all through college. Society just keeps fucking going. You get the last one through college, step back out of the bubble– You dont know what happened. Youre not even paying attention. You go back to your old record collection. [scatting] Someone sticks a mike in your face, youre gonna get in trouble. Yeah. Its one of the sad things about life. You get old and it passes you by. I feel it passing me by. Im 46 years old. I dont even have kids, but I cant keep up anymore. I had a college gig coming up, I was like, I gotta figure out what these kids are into. I was 24 when a senior was born. I got to figure out what these dudes are into, so I guess theyre into like, this like DJ music or some shit, so Im like, all right, Ill watch some of this. You know? So I have like a reference or two. I dont want to be that old comic coming to the gig being like, Whats up with this Monica Lewinsky? Is this crazy? I mean, this Y2K– Is my stylus gonna work? I dont know. So I put this shit on. Dude, I lasted 90 seconds. Ninety seconds. I was open-minded. All right, put it on! Ninety seconds later, Im like this old man. Ah, this isnt music! You know? When I was a kid, you dressed like a woman and you sung about the devil. Now, that was music! And you had one ballad every album, started off in black and white and when the guitar solo came in, it went to color. Yeah, that was music. Yeah. All of this shits passing me by. Ill get in trouble later on in my life. Transgender athletes? I dont fucking understand that, you know? I understand, you want to switch around, I dont give a shit, but Im a sports fan. Thats a really new concept to me, that you can be a dude, right? Ranked 80th in the fucking world. You have your dick cut off, you put on a sports bra, and now youre the #1 tennis player in the world, just coming out there with your man shoulders. [grunting] That doesnt seem fair. I might be wrong. I might just be an old guy, I have no idea. But Im hearing rumors like some of them are getting into that MMA. You cant have that shit. Am I nuts? That is a dickless dude beating the shit out of a woman. Jesus Christ! He might as well hit her with his discarded dick like a flashlight. Hold still! Her ground and pound is incredible. Yeah. Im not saying these people are right, and Im not saying that Im right. I know Im a fucking moron, ya know. But that Duck Dynasty guy– I know what he said was wrong, but I dont get the shock. Said that homophobic stuff, and people are like, Can you believe? Yeah, I totally can believe it. If I was in Vegas, I would have put 90% of my shit on that he was gonna say it. Id give him a 10% benefit of the doubt just in case. Are you seriously shocked some redneck with a beard down to his dick sitting in a boat in the middle of a swamp shooting varmints? Like, what did you think he thought? Did you think he had some progressive ideas on same-sex marriage? [cheers and applause] Yeah. Didnt he think… Didnt he think exactly what you thought… he thought, you know? You know what kills me too? That fuckin kinda shit, that homophobic stuff, that all comes from the church, man. Doesnt it come from that shit? Theres something in there. I never read the Book, all right? I tried to. They need to fucking update it. They update iTunes every fuckin six days. Can we update the language and make it a little more user friendlieth… for someone like me? Right? Thats where he gets all those fucking ideas. That Duck Dynasty guy, its not his fault that he went to– He went to Sunday School in like 1949, you know? I think all of that shit comes from the church. They just fuckin brainwash you. You know? Dont clap, dont clap, I dont read, I dont read. Follow someone else. Im telling you, they brainwash you. Come into the church, your brains all empty, they fill it like a jelly donut. [making squishing sounds] Just brainwash you. ~ Say what we say when we say it ~ ~ Say it again, then you can go home to your toys ~ ~ All right, Ill say it ~ ~ Ill say it again ~ ~ Now can I go home to my toys? ~ Right? And you repeat everything they say. The good, the bad, and the fucking horrific. They stick a star on your forehead. Youre a big boy. Looks like people like me! You get on with your life. You go to college, you get a masters degree in English like this redneck dude had, he invents the new duck whistle or whatever the hell you call it, right. Yours goes, Whack whack! Mine goes, Whack-a-fuckin-whack! Dude makes a zillion bucks, gets his own TV show, hes loving life. And out of nowhere, here comes that same question sixty years later from Sunday School, and he stands up like the Manchurian Candidate. Jesus liked hookers and lepers, doesnt like the queers. And everybody freaks the fuck out, and hes like, Thats what they said! And theyre all dead. Oh, whered everybody go? I thought I was a good boy! Hes just this scared old man getting yelled at in a boat. I dont understand. I dont understand why a group like GLAAD, right? I always forget, its Gay Lesbian A… whatever the fuck it stands for, all right? Why do they go after the old guy in the boat? Why dont they go after the people writing the Book? Right? Hey, could you please teareth outeth those coupleth of pages? Theyre not gonna do that. Thats the Vatican. Theyre their own city. They got a wall around their own city. Theyre brushing off cases of pedophilia like its nothing. Theyre not taking that call. Oh, what happened? Really? Go fuck yourself. Click. They dont care. [applause] I learned a long time ago, I think whatever youre into, youre into, but Im not into that religious stuff where– And this is why. I actually walked away from my religion. I had to be honest with myself. One, I didnt like to go– I didnt like going to church every week, you know? I just didnt. Part of it was Im lazy. I dont like getting up on Sundays, and the other part was I already heard all the stories, okay? Heard them three, four times, the Dude hasnt come back yet. You know, were just sort of mulching over the same shit here, I got it. – Right? – [cheers and applause] And the other aspect was, you know, I actually– I had to be honest with myself. I felt my religion made sense and everybody elses sounded stupid. [cackles] I did. Look, Im not talking about the basis of every religion. Basis of every religion makes sense, you know, the Ten Commandments. Dont kill anybody. Dont touch my wife. Thats my bike. Right? That all makes sense. Of which, Ive broken, I think Ive broken just about every commandment except for the fifth one, thats it. I havent killed anybody yet, right? But the murderous thoughts that I have sometimes, I think I could do it. Like when someone gets on a plane and they kick off their loafers, and theyre wearing those gold-toed, like, dress socks, and they cross their feet at the ankles, and they just start rubbing their feet together. Like, I see the whole thing, see the whole thing. Wrapping that sock. Shh… Shh… Shh… Right? See the whole thing, so well see. Still early on, right? But just the stories of how we got here, and where were going, and what happens after we die, everybody elses religion sounded stupid, you know? Like, I live out in Los Angeles, theres a bunch of Scientologists out there, and the first time I heard the story of Scientology, I was like, That is the dumbest shit I have ever heard in my life. [man] Yeah! Like, your guys name is Ron? Ron! And he wasnt alive thousands of years ago, so you can hide a lot of it in the mystery. This guy was alive, like, 45, 50 years ago. He had a drivers license, Social Security number. Theres like footage of him stubbing his toe. Motherfucker! Right? I know what happened. He was working at Dennys, he got sick of it. Ill start a religion. Hey, everybody, theres this spaceship coming back. Everybodys getting sneakers. This is Tom Cruise. Were gonna try to make you clear, right? Look, Im paraphrasing, Im paraphrasing. To be fair to the Scientologists, I am paraphrasing, but thats essentially what they believe in. And I said that is the dumbest shit I ever heard while simultaneously still kind of believing that a woman who never got fucked had a baby that walked on water, died, and came back three days later. So… Yeah. That made total sense to me. So it just hit me one day, I was like, why does that make sense and that shit doesnt, you know? They got a spaceship in theirs, you know? We– right? We got the space shuttle, you know? Theres sneakers. Theres a lot of shit I can relate to in this. Why does that sound so dumb to me? You know what it is? I think its cause I heard their story when I was an adult. I heard my story when I was four years old, right? When I heard my story, there was still some fat fuck coming down the chimney, giving me Christmas toys. If I lost a tooth, there was a fairy. There was the Easter Bunny. Why wouldnt there be some bearded baby moonwalking across the lake? Throwing out bottomless buckets of shrimp or whatever He did? Of course that made sense. What happened was, as I got older, all of that stuff started to fall, right? Ah, son, there is no fat fuck, its your mother and I. Your moms the Tooth Fairy, rabbits dont have eggs, her tits are fake, the NBA is fixed! Bankers are cunts! Most of your dreams wont come true! Right? And I was just like, Wow, this is how the world is. And meanwhile this shit was just floating, this 800-pound gorilla of this fucking story. I just had to make a decision, what am I gonna do? What am I gonna do with this? Am I gonna cling to it, be that person? Thats very offensive to me and other Christians and… Become that douche? All right? And be like the casual Christian, right, with, like, one foot on base, just, Yeah, I kind of go, a couple of times a year, and, like, if my parents come to town, I act like I go all the time, and I dont go anymore. Or my last option, which was basically just, just let go of the shit, you know? Just let go. [cheers and applause] Just let go of it like that creepy moment in curling. You know. That moment where the shooter, or whatever you call them, is just sliding with that rock, right? Just let me do this right, just sliding. And you think hes along for the ride, the two of them, theyre a team, and all of a sudden out of nowhere he just goes fucking… That rock just keeps going, this dude just stops. Thats what I did with my religion. I just let go of it. I didnt read a riot act to anybody, I just let go of it. And on the third day, He rose again in fulfillment of the Scriptures… I just floated away. [cheers and applause] So now its like, Im in this weird place where Im not in any religion right now. Unrestricted free agent. You know? [cackles] Id like to believe in something, so Ive been going around asking people what their shit is, and I havent been able to find anything. Trying to be open-minded. I was doing a gig in Helsinki, and over there, theyre, like, Lutheran, and what they believe, they believe when you die, youre dead and thats it. Dead, like a pigeon, just– just layin there. Over. Blew my mind, Im like, Really? Youre just dead? Like my religion was you die, and then you go up to get judged, right? God pops in the DVD of your life. Well, I dont know about this right here. Mind explaining yourself? This might be the most arrogant thing I say all night, but I actually resent the fact that Im gonna get judged someday. Like, if thats true, that somebodys gonna judge me, that doesnt even make any sense. Its like, Dude, you made me, so this is your fuck-up. All right? Lets not try to turn this around on me. You know? Jesus Christ. You give me freedom of choice, you make whores, you have me suck at math, and you dont think this things gonna go off the rails? Like, you set me up to fail, and now you got the balls to now question… your own goddamn work. Dude, if I made a car, if I built a car and it didnt run, I wouldnt burn it forever. You evil piece of shit! Just light it on fire. I wouldnt, I would troubleshoot. Is there gas in the engine? Is the battery charged? Anything beyond this, I got to get a real man to look at it, but I believe in you. Im gonna try and help you out. Yes, my religion, its nuts. Its fucking nuts. Like, my religion, like, the way I was brought up is like, you know, you can make it to heaven but, like, some of your family members possibly couldnt, or some of your friends. Doesnt even make sense. Like how am I supposed to enjoy heaven if thats the deal, right? Just sitting here, waiting for my friends to show up, Jesus Christ, where the hell are they? Its been, like, 150 years! They must have ate a lot of Brussels sprouts or some shit! Doing some yoga, right? And then one day, it just settles in that they didnt make it. And then what, Im still gonna enjoy heaven, right? Jesus coming walking over: Hey, how is it going, everybody? Isnt this great? Isnt this great? Yeah, Dude, itd be even better if all my family members and friends werent burning for fucking ever! Kind of hard to enjoy heaven when you just keep thinking of that there, J-star, what do you think? Hey, Dude, I didnt ask you to come over. You came walking over with your big, dumb sandals. Hey, hey, how is it going over here? Why did you come over here? I dont give a damn. Dude, tell your dad. I dont give a fuck! Im already in here, Im already in here. What, are you gonna kick me out afterwards? Go fuck yourself. I knew He was gonna be like that, I knew it. The bosss son is the worst. Fucking sense of entitlement. So yeah, so they believe when you die, youre dead. And I was like, so youre just dead. Like, how do you wrap your head around not existing? I couldnt get my head around it. He goes, Well, like before, when you were born, do you remember that? And I was like, No, and the guys like, Yeah, its just like that. Im like, not only does that make sense, that is absolutely terrifying. Dude, I got to be honest, I hate how scared Im getting as I get older. Im developing all these new fears. Like, I have a fear of flying now. I never had a fear of it. Its not straight-across-the-board flying. I dont like small planes all of a sudden. I just dont like them, and it has nothing to do with the plane. I believe in the planes, okay? I just dont believe in the pilots. Cause you know what? I dont think the airline does, either. Which is why that dude is flying that little plane. The airline was basically, like, All right, well give you, like, 28 people. See how you do, you know? You fly them up, you land, you bring another 28 back. Well let you do this for a while. You do this for a while, we dont get any complaints, no up and down, up and down, none of that shit, well move you up to 35 people. And then one day, youll be in a jet– Whoo! Were going a little faster. Right? Big planes, youre getting the fuckin pilot that knows what hes doing. Hes probably fought in a war. Hes used to getting shot at. He cant bring this bus in? Its a joke. Right? A bunch of people whining in the back, My headphones dont work! He doesnt give a fuck, right? Hes up there sleeping. Hes trying to make something happen, hes so goddamn bored. Thats a stud up there, right? So one time Im flying into Albany, New York, okay, a city that nobody really goes to. So Im on a smaller plane, and everything is going great. All of a sudden, out of nowhere, we hit this turbulence. [imitating sounds of turbulence] And it stops, and everybody looks around laughing nervously, like… [nervous laughter] All of a sudden, it comes back with a vengeance. You can literally hear the metal the planes made of, like… All of a sudden, this dude three rows back starts making these bitchy noises. Whoa! Whaaa! Whoa! Whaaaa! Whoa! Im not gonna lie, I have never been so fucking scared in my entire life. Dude, that noise is acceptable out of a female or a child. But turn around and see a 37-year-old mustachioed male going… Whoo! Whaaa! Whoa! Dude, the hair was standing up on my arms. Im praying to a higher power, I dont even believe in the shit! I just wish I had the balls to turn around and be like, Dude, would you shut the fuck up? Jesus Christ, be a man, push it down. Push it down, deny your feelings, act like you have answers. Do some man shit right now. Do some man shit. Jesus Christ. You know? You think Im not up here thinking… Whaaa! Whoa! I am! But how does that help us for me to join you and turn this fuselage into a haunted house? You know what kills me, what absolutely kills me, is some woman is gonna fall in love with this guy, marry him and make half… whooo… whaaaa… fucking kids. And you know what? We become weaker as a species. We do. [cheers and applause] Do you remember back in the day when you watched the Discovery Channel about animals? Now they build cars, but it used to be about animals, right? Now its all car stuff. Looking forward to getting that carburetor today. The carburetor didnt fit. What do you mean the carburetor doesnt fit? Dads gonna be mad. [yelling gibberish] Theres never enough time to build the car. Its so fucking stupid. We got to have this bus done by Thursday! Or else what? The guy doesnt want it anymore? All right. Youll get the thing when we finish it, okay? This is a safety issue. You want brakes on it? Then go get yourself some fucking lunch. So, before… [laughter] before there used to just be animals, and this is what I noticed: Everything from a lion all the way down to an insect, okay? If you had one drop of… whoo… whaaa… bitchy blood in you, none of the females would fuck you. That was it, your life was over. Your life was over. No ant pussy for you your entire miserable eight-day ant life, cause all six of your legs shook when the wind blew, and the female ant saw it. Theyre like, All right, stay away from that one. Stay away from that one. Hes gonna jeopardize the whole hill. And, Stacy, listen to me. Human beings have empathy. Some woman will fall in love. Well, hes nice. He wears a sweater. He likes to bake, you know? He lets me finish my stories. Which is all great qualities, okay, but you got to know, when you shack up with a guy like that, youre rolling the dice. Youre rolling the dice that that fucking axe murderer is gonna pick the next house over, cause God forbid he picks your goddamn house, this is the dude who has your back, whos gonna be screaming louder and higher than you when this guy comes through the fucking door. And youre gonna turn around. All youre gonna see is his cowardly feet going out the kitchen window. I dont know, man, thats risky. You know, in reality, Im being too hard on that guy. Yeah, I am. I am, cause I was just as scared as he was. Except I didnt scream out like he did, and thats simple. The simple reason was this dude, he was hugged too much as a child. Having people going, How was your day? Whats wrong? And all of that shit, you know? Thats why I came down here. I came out here to tell you guys, you got to stop hugging your children. You are ruining this country. Now you can hug your daughters, you got to do that, you got to do that. Hug those hooker shoes right out of them, let them know that youre a good man, and to find another man like you. You got to do that. But your son, you can hug them a little bit, but every three, four, you got to fucking knock em down, right? Come on, it didnt hurt, get up! I didnt come from a family, I dont know about you guys, I didnt come from a touchy-feely… Call me when you get there. Mwah, mwah. None of that shit. First time my mom hugged me, I think, was like, once when I was little, and when I moved out. That was it! And we only hugged cause we knew we were supposed to. So we just tried to, like, it was like two parking meters came to life, like, we almost bumped heads. It was horrific. Fucking horrific. To this day, sometimes I drive down the street, and I think about that hug, and its just so awful I have to like shout the memory out of my head. Ill just be driving down the street, just be like… Aaaaah! Anybody else like that? You ever have to shout stuff out of your head? Theres something about me, like, all my regret comes up when Im in the shower. I dont know what it is. I think cause Im in the shower, and I have time to think, and Ill just think of shit I did in third grade where I just made an ass of myself, and Ill just be in the shower just being like… [screaming] And my wifes always just like, Is everything okay in there? Ill just be like, Yeah, yeah, just accidentally turned on the hot water. Turned it on too much. Every day? So… Yeah… I actually asked my mother one time when I finally got out in the world, and I saw how other families interacted, I finally asked her, How come we never did the hugging thing? How come we didnt do that stuff? She was like, I wanted to hug you kids when you were little, but I was afraid it was gonna make you gay. And I was like, You were afraid? And she goes, Well, it was your father. Thats what it was. Protecting him like I always do. He was afraid. He said, you dont know how to raise boys and if you hug them, thats whats gonna happen. So in a marriage, theres compromises. Yeah, so she basically never hugged us, cause my dad said if she did, it was gonna make us gay. And I got to tell you, that was a great thing that my dad did for me. Let me finish before you start blogging, okay? And I end up on a split screen on Good Morning Atlanta. Comedy, could it go too far? Last night at the Tabernacle– Sitting there next to some fucking Cheeto-eating blogger. So, yeah, this is the deal. Im gonna defend my dad here because this is basically what happens when you have a kid. As far as I know. I dont have any kids. As far as Id think, if you have a kid, what do you want to do? You want to improve on your childhood, okay? You want to keep the shit that your parents did that worked, and then you want to get rid of the stuff that didnt work. So that was my dad, as fucked up as that was, that was his improvement on his childhood that he never talks about, the way a veteran doesnt talk about going to war. So I figure if that was his improvement on his childhood, his childhood just must have been something like, Dont change his shitty diaper. Let him figure it out for himself. Get out in the rain, you shitty baby! Hey, let me handle this, lady! Why are you still standing here, you shit toddler? So he took it from that… and knocked it down to, Dont hug him, its gonna make him gay. Right? And then maybe someday I ever have a kid, Ill whittle it down to like, Hes not taking drama class, all right? Hes not taking drama class cause I said so, lady! Let me handle this! I wont fix everything. And thats not a homophobic thing either, that I wouldnt send my hypothetical son to drama class. Okay? It isnt. I would send… Id let my hypothetical daughter take a drama class. Okay. My son cant fucking do any of that shit unless Im sending him to one of those Fame high schools where everybodys doing it, one of those creative schools. You go to the cafeteria, everybodys like, ~ Cottage cheese, what is it made of? ~ Then he can do all he wants. Then he can do all the fuck he wants, but theres no way Im letting him do that at a public school with those goddamn animals! Hes gonna get the shit kicked out of him! Hes gonna come home with his underwear up his ass, and then I have to be the adult and go down to the principal and be like, Theres some sort of tomfoolery going on around here! I dont want to do that. I want to find the fucking eight-year-old. What is he, this tall? I want to find the kid that did it to my kid, tip him upside down into some sand or a puddle, anywhere where oxygen is going to be an issue, right, and just leave him there. You wait for that one leg to start shaking so you know hes down to his last breath, and then you turn him upside-right, and you grab him by his throat, you say something horrific. You ever do that again, Im gonna beat your mother to death with the family dog. All right? [applause] Over. So yeah, a lot in my life has changed since I last came through here to Atlanta. I got married. Thats the big thing. Yes, I did. Very happy about that. Im very happy because it was starting to get weird. Its like 45 years old. My girlfriend, yeah, were gonna go out and get some pop. Going to parties, it was just weird. Cause I hang out with people my age, and they all got married, they all had kids. I just couldnt contribute when people were standing around talking about marriage… marriages and kids. I felt like a little kid, just sitting there going like, The superintendent of the mayoral candidate will be bicoastal, bipartisan, with the Middle Eastern crisis, its just… Its an advanced learning program. The deadline is May 11th. We have to stop the bullying… …with the superintendent of the mayoral candidate. When the conversation would come around to me, I felt like I was eight years old. Id just be like, Did anybody see the YouTube video where the raccoon stole the cats food, and the cat was scratching him and the raccoon didnt care? He just came in like this, like George Foreman, and then he reached out, he had hands. All of a sudden, he had hands. I didnt know they had hands. He scooped it up and he ran away on paws. Did you guys know they had hands? So now Im married, so the next move is youre supposed to have a kid, which I would love to do, but Im 46 years old. Im just thinking its too fucking late, ya know. Come on, man, Im gonna have a kid, Im gonna die of natural causes when the kids in fifth grade. Throwing him a Frisbee. We used to use these on a Saturday. Do a face plant. My kids standing there, Mom, Dads sleeping again! I feel hopelessly behind. All my friends have kids. Most of my friends who have kids are cool, but I got a couple of those who think now that they have a kid, that I dont understand anything anymore. You know those people? The most basic shit. Hey, man, its kind of cold out today. Dude, you dont understand. You dont understand cold till you got a two-year-old with a mitten up his ass and youre trying to get chocolate off the other ones face. All right, all right, I get it, you have a more complex life, but I still understand being cold, teeth chattering. Kind of lets me know. Right? Mine just turned six. Mine just turned seven. I just feel hopelessly behind. So what Im actually thinking of doing, Im thinking about adopting. Yeah. Absolutely, recycle. You know? Think globally, act locally. Everything doesnt have to be brand-new. You know? Its like when you redo your kitchen. You got custom up top, you got IKEA down the bottom, right? Id love to adopt. Its a great thing to do. But if I do it, Im not telling any of my friends. Im just gonna show up with the kid one day, just to piss em off. Mine just turned six. Mine just turned seven. Id love to just show up with an eight-year-old, like, Dominoes! Yeah, now I get to tell you what you dont understand. Seven-year-old? Wait till they turn eight, eight is such a funny age. Terrible twos? Try the instant eights! Bam! Theyre just there, like…! With all their issues…! I should do it, though. I should adopt. I think its a great thing to do, and I already know what I want to get. I do. I want to get, like, an 07, 08… always garaged, good dentition. Do you know what I would love to do? Id love to rescue some kid that works in a sweatshop. Wouldnt that be amazing? Like, find the kid that made this shirt? Just show up at the factory like, hey! Come on, bring it in! Bring it in, you little maniac! How you doing? Youre going back to the States. L-shaped couch, flat screen TV. Get in the car, the rest of you keep sewing, but you, youre coming home with me! Yeah. Dude, how easy… how easy would that kid be to raise? After the hell hes been through, all I gotta do is let him sit down. I am immediately the greatest human being this kid has ever met. Just bring him home. Have a seat. Hell be like, I get to sit down? Yeah, lay down on the couch. Hell be like, Its like a cloud! Its like a cloud! Ill get him a bowl of Fritos, put on cricket or soccer, one of those sweatshop sports. I dont know. The kid would love me. So thats my first draft pick. All right? Coming out of the gate with that. In the second round, Id probably get like an 05 boy soldier, ya know. Yeah, shore up the offensive line. You gotta protect the blindside. Thats how fucked up the world is, theres little boys out there fighting in wars. So thats a twofer. I can drag him out of that hell, give him something of whats left of his childhood, and, God forbid, if the dollar ever collapses, right? Shit goes south, zombies take over, I got backup. Everybody thinks Im gonna be the problem, meanwhile, I got this sawed-off Chuck Norris… standing next to me, 170 kills, confirmed fucking kills. Theyre not stories! Can make a flamethrower out of a vacuum cleaner and a toaster. You cant coach that, right? I got to be honest with you, I feel like Id have to go easier on the discipline with the boy solider. I might be nuts, but I feel like I could come down on the sweatshop kid, right? I said get in there and clean up your goddamn room. Im getting sick of this shit! Goes for you too if you want. But you! Youve been out of line all day, mister! Dont even start that shit! Dont even start that shit. You say that every time. Yes, you do. Every fucking time you say that. You know the answer. You want me to say it again? Ill break it down to you. You know why it is? You want to know why? Cause you sew. All right? Yeah. You sew. Dude, hes fucking killed people. Do you understand that? No, he doesnt, he doesnt have to make his bed too. No, he doesnt. Because he doesnt sleep in the bed, hes out in the bushes all night, talking to himself, freaking me the fuck out, all right? Oh, fuck you, fuck you! He scares me too, he scares me too. Dont even start that shit. You wanted a big brother, and I got you one. Dont even start that shit, all right? All right, youre right. Stop crying, stop crying. Shouldnt have yelled at you. I just thought I could fucking bring him in, give him a couple of Pop Tarts, I figured hed chill out. Fucking sitting there looking through his eyebrows, doing that Full Metal Jacket shit. No, you cant give him back, it doesnt work that way. There he is, there he is! Whats up, buddy? Whats going on? We were just talking about you, just doing, like, a little surprise thing. You feeling all right? You feeling all right? Youre not looking through those eyebrows, huh? Everything okay? So I figure, uh… I dont know if Ill do it. Maybe Im too selfish. I have no idea. Im all over the fuckin map. Do you know what I want to do right now? I actually want to learn how to fly a helicopter, man. I do, thats my latest thing. You know why it is? Its cause I live in Los Angeles. Yeah, and its an absolute clusterfuck. When you go into land in that city, just look out the window, and just look at the complete lack of planning. Theres not even zoning laws. Theyll build, like, a skyscraper next to a house, next to a gun range, and then theres, like, a fucking daycare center. Right? The city doesnt even work even when everything else works, so God forbid, the dollar collapses or some crazy shit happens, where you gonna go in a city like that? See, you guys are all right out here in Atlanta. Youre all right. I dont know, maybe in Atlanta might be crazy. Youre on the outskirts, youre fine. Youre fine. You dont live in a desert. You slam your face in a birdbath, youre cool. Drink that water for a good 30 days. L.A., theres nowhere to go. Thats why I love the helicopter. Dude, the helicopter is the ultimate fuck this, Im out vehicle. All you gotta do is assess the situation. Zombie coming up the street? Fuck this! This looks safe. You just land it. You could sit there hovering. Just sit there in a hover watching everybody getting killed, sitting up there eating cheese and crackers with the red stick. Yeah, so I told my wife I want to fly a helicopter. Shes just like, Yeah, no. Which I know that came from a place of love, but it still kind of annoyed me. Just that she said that shit, then I was just gonna be like, Oh, all right. Thought I was gonna get to do that, but you said no, so… there goes that. Hey, what other dreams arent I gonna get to achieve? Like, do you already know or are you waiting for me to ask? Yeah, Im still gonna do it, Im just not gonna tell her. Im just gonna go out and do it, pass the goddamn class, and when I get my license, Im not going to tell her. Im just gonna go out and buy a white silk scarf, and hang it by a nail in the living room. Shes just gonna be like, What is that? What is that for? What does that mean? Yeah, someday youll see, someday youll see. When the shit hits the fan, and youre freaking the fuck out, and Im taking branches off some unforeseen helicopter. What is that? Shut the fuck up and get in! Now you guys think Im bullshitting, Im not. Im serious. Im 100% in on this. And ever since I got into it, Im seeing helicopters everywhere. I never realized how many helicopters there were. Driving down the street like Henry Hill looking up at them… doing key bumps and shit. Theyre after me! Swear to God! Im seeing stories about them! Its just like that old advertising anecdote. I never realized how many mattress commercials there were out there until I needed a mattress, and then all of a sudden, theyre all over the place. And then I bought a mattress and then it all went away. Its the same shit. I saw this story down in Orange County. Right? Down in Orange County, California. This guy gave helicopter tours for 30 years– 30 years without incident. Hands the business off to his son, the American dream. I built it up for 30 years. Here you go, son. Make the family and the family name proud. All right, Dad, I love you. All right? This poor kid, five days in, hes supposed to give a tour to a couple, only the dude shows up. The kid thought it was weird, but hes like, I need the money. I gotta give him a tour. Right? So he takes this guy up. Ten minutes into the tour, the dude fucking jumped out. Yeah, five days in. Five days in from the balloons and the cake. We love you, son. Keep the family tree going. The traditional line. Five fucking days later, this kid, he probably barely had the speech down. Just sitting there, flying the helicopter. All right, if you look out the left side of the aircraft, thats Orange County. Theres over 27 miles of beaches there. Put your seatbelt back on, 27 miles of beaches. Was established as a county in 1903. Sir, please dont open the door. Sir, what are you doing? Sir, no, no. Dont, dont, stop, no, no! What the fuck? What the fuck? Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. What the fuck, what the fuck?! Fuck! Air traffic control: I dont know whos on this frequency, but you really need– Somebody just jumped out of the fucking helicopter! Five days in. So I read further into the story. Turns out the guy who jumped out, he was 61 years old, terminally ill, he was in pain every day. They couldnt figure out what was wrong with him, and he had had enough. At that point, that guy immediately became a hero in my world. Know what I love about him, not only did he make the decision, he didnt go out like some pussy, right? Handful of pills, watching a romantic comedy, wrapped in an afghan that Nana made. Fuck that. Guy went out like a man. Take me up in a chopper, Im looking at the land I love, and then Im jumping out like a superhero. I loved it. Yeah. [applause] This guy should have been wearing a fucking cape. I cant imagine how elated he must have been on that helicopter ride up after finally just taking back control of his life, like, Fuck you, disease. I decide. Ripping tubes out, gets a burger, shotguns a beer. Take me up in the chopper. He probably had his fucking foot on the dashboard. Hes not even listening to this guy giving the tour. Right? Over 27 miles of beaches, put your seatbelt back on. Established as a county in 1903. Sir, please dont try to open the door. No, no, dont, dont, dont! [screams] [imitates wind whipping] Incredible! But heres the thing. I left out one small thing. There is one small thing. The guy fucking lived. Yeah. Yeah, they were out over the ocean, 500 feet up. Youd think that would be enough so, Im thinking he must have gone in like Greg Louganis, like, no splash, just… But witnesses said it looked like a dummy was falling out of the air. So that sounds like a hell of an impact. I think he accidentally did the most epic 500-foot belly flop in the history of jumping out of a helicopter. But that didnt change what he was trying to do. Where his heart was, I still love this guy. I just feel bad for him. On the way down, hes got to be thinking, Three more seconds of pain! Two more seconds! Wham! [agonized scream] Oh, my God, this is worse! This is way worse! It has a happy ending, though. He later died at the hospital. Thats right. So heres to him. God bless him. I hope I have the balls someday. So where do you go from there? Well, as I mentioned, last time I came through town, I wanted to get a gun. You know? I do. Yeah. But Ive finally given up on that. I gave up on that dream. My wife doesnt want me to get one, so. Yeah, she didnt want– Dude, you got to pick your fucking battles. Im gonna learn how to fly a helicopter on the sly, I cant fucking have some .357 hanging around. Ill do whatever I want. All right? What I say goes! Eat it! Cant be that person. Now it fucking bums me out, cause all I wanted to do was just get a .22, thats all I wanted. Perfect gun for home protection, .22 caliber. Youre laughing at that, sir? Thats not enough? I dont know. Im down South. What do you think? Thats not enough, right? You want– Shotgun, right? .44? You guys are out of your minds. Youre out of your fucking minds. Let me ask all you gun guys, who are gonna make fun if I had a .22. Whats with your .22? That little queer gun. Do you keep it between your buttocks? Is that the holster? Is that what you do with your gay little gun? You need a big gun. All you fucking guys. Let me ask you this, all you guys with your guns… have you ever shot the fucking thing without earplugs? Have you ever done that? Or youre like most people, you take it down to the gun range, you put your earplugs in, put your headset on, take it out of the briefcase. You got your little yellow tinted fucking glasses, right? You look at your spread or whatever, and then you put it back in there, right? You ever shot that thing without fucking earplugs? Cause thats whats gonna happen when that intruder comes in. Youre not gonna have time to be, Hang on a second, let me just… Yeah, youre not gonna have time. Dude, I shot a five-shot .38 one time without earplugs. I was landscaping this guys yard. He comes out at the end of the job. Hey, I got this five-shot .38. You want to go down the street? Theres a burned-out car. We can take a couple of shots. You know whats funny? Every other state is fuckin dying laughing at this point in the joke because its so goddamn ridiculous, until I get down to the South. And you guys just sit here staring at me like, All right, so what happened? Pretty standard, I thought this was gonna be a comedy show. Youre reading from your journal? I dont understand what the– Its not a real compelling story. Im mowing a fucking lawn, and a stranger comes out with a weapon and says, Lets shoot it at a burned-out car! Okay? Jesus Christ, can we agree on that? So Im like, all right, lets do it, fuck it. So I go down there. Never shot a gun before. I bring the gun up, point it at the car, I pull the trigger. I saw the muzzle flash, I felt a kick, I never heard the gun. I pulled the trigger, all I just heard was… [high-pitched tone] I shot the gun four more times. Never heard it. Didnt get louder, didnt get quieter. Just kept seeing flashes. [high-pitched tone] All right? So lets take one of your fucking guns. Lets just say, for the sake of argument. All right, you got that thing sitting on a nightstand, loaded. Right? For Gods sakes, tell me you have it there. Dont be one of these people that has the gun here and the bullets there. You got the thing fucking loaded, ready to go. 3:00, 4:00 in the morning, this is when the psychos coming in too, right? Thats when they come in, 3:00, 4:00 in the morning. They dont come by at 6:30 at night, as youre cutting into a pork chop. Im out of my mind, Im coming back in 20 minutes, so stretch out your hammies cause its gonna get crazy. Thats not how it works. They wait till youre dead asleep, 3:00, 4:00 in the morning, right before REM sleep is kicking in. So lets just say for the sake of argument, all you gun guys, you got your thing loaded, right? Your piece, right? Right there, loaded for bear. Youre lying there, same scenario, right? One leg under the covers, one without. Shirt. 4:00 in the morning, youre just… [snoring] Meanwhile, some psycho, sneaking in through the living room window, right? He brings in a fucking sickle. And hes just listening. Listens all the way down that hall and he just hears… [snoring] Hes trying not to squeak on the floorboards. And youre just fucking lying there. [snoring] All of a sudden, that little dog on the floor is just like… [low growling] [growling and snoring continue] Whats the matter? Whats the matter? Whats the matter? Whats the matter, boy? You hear something? Whats the matter? What are you barking for? Youre shaking. Whats the matter, huh? You hear something? Whats–? Come on, man, quit fucking around. I got to go to work tomorrow. [snoring] All of a sudden, boom! That door flies open. You just see this shadowy figure. You pick up that gun. Blam! [high-pitched tone] And you fucking miss! You miss! You cant see, now you cant hear. Thats two out of five senses! What, are you gonna taste him as he comes around the bed? Youre still gonna be shooting over here. Meanwhile, you see this strobe light psycho coming around the fucking bed. Takes off your head. If you had the .22, you could still hear. Your ears would be ringing, but you could hear that fucker coming across, and you could shoot at him, and he would leave. He would leave. You guys just wont get off the fact that its a fuckin .22. Youre, like, psychotic with this shit. All right. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Let me– I will extend an olive branch to you people, okay? I get it. I get it that a .22 is basically a roided-up BB gun. I got it, okay? I understand that if you actually want to kill somebody, you have to basically have the gun up to somebodys head and be throwing a jab as you pull the trigger. I understand that. Okay? But I maintain, I dont care who the fuck the toughest person is in this house. I could defend my house with a BB gun. I dont give a fuck how tough you are. I dont care. If I started shooting at you with a BB gun, at the very least, you have to go back outside and regroup. Thats a fact. That is a fact. If I caught you in your elbow, that might be the end of your night. Look, Im coming back, Im coming back! Ive been trying to get along with my wife better. Im trying to dial down the douchebaggery in my relationship. Im not turning out the pilot light, though. All right? Im keeping some fight in me. Im not gonna be that henpecked guy just standing there like, I guess were making holiday cookies. That dude with the bowed shoulders. She makes them and then Im supposed to sprinkle the sugar on them. I dont even think they taste that good, but just– No, I stand my ground sometimes. Sometimes I let it go. You just got to figure it out. We had a fight the other night, she got so mad at me, she was like, You can just sleep downstairs. You can just sleep downstairs. I couldnt believe it. Its one of the most arrogant things Ive ever heard in my life. One adult telling another adult where they can sleep. You can just sleep downstairs. Like I was just gonna sit up in bed, grab a blanket like Linus. All right. Hey, where downstairs, by the way? Like, over here downstairs, or like more over here? Where should I sleep? Its like, are you out of your mind? I go, Im not sleeping downstairs. Shes like, Where you gonna sleep, then? Im like, Where I always sleep. I will fucking sleep on your side of the bed if I want to! What are you gonna do? Im bigger than you. Ill hang onto the covers, try to get me out. No tickling. Go ahead! Yeah, I was like, You dont tell me where to sleep. I sleep where I want to sleep. Shes like, Well, you dont tell me where to sleep. Im like, Im not the one telling people where to sleep! It was one of those classic relationship fights. Its like 2:00 in the morning, youre both half naked. Shes not wearing a bra, you got half a ball hanging out. And another thing! No, no, I need to say this! The other day, I felt slighted! Its fuckin unreal, but what kills me is that theres actually guys out there that will actually listen to that shit. Yeah, you talk to them, theyll be, Hey, hows it been going? Its been rough last of couple nights downstairs on the couch. You know how that is, right? No, I dont. I dont understand. How did you get yourself into that situation? Like, what are you afraid of? What is she gonna do if you say no? What, is she gonna fucking chokeslam you onto the kitchen table? I understand if youre dating some woman and she does that UFC MMA shit, then you got to sleep where she says to sleep, you got to. Shes gonna come at you. Well, lets get you in an arm bar. All right, all right, all right! Tapping out. Or even worse, she chokes you out. You wake up on the couch, like, 11 minutes later. Just grab your jacket off the back of the couch. I fucking hate when she does this. Its like, its not even fair. Have a debate like a normal person. All right? Im gonna talk somebody down from a ledge here, someone whos actually been sleeping on the couch, okay? So theres the first fear, out the window. Okay, she cant physically dominate you, so thats gone. Whats the next fear? Shes gonna cut off the sex. Yeah, rub one out. Neutralized. Its the most empty threat there is. Do it right in front of her. Join me! Yeah. Ive never understood that threat. Thats like somebody putting a chain around your refrigerator, but you got a sandwich in your pocket, a never-ending sandwich, like some biblical shit, like Jesus with the fucking bread or whatever. So now whats the last thing she can do? What can she do now? Be moody? You cant handle that? Walk by your TV without looking at you. Only make herself something yummy out in the kitchen. Who gives a fuck? My wife does that, I just sit there, I just start commentating. Here she comes again, walking by the TV. She really must be mad. Shes never body-slammed me once, ever. Im not saying to be a dick. All right? Im just saying, you got to keep them honest. Every once in a while, you got to have a little pushback. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey. Rest of the shit– Im learning that about women. You just want to keep them calm. Just keep them calm, like a rescue dog, right? Just everythings cool, everythings cool, just, Yeah, yeah, yeah, this is great, this is great, Im having a great time. No, your friends are awesome, your friends are awesome, very interesting party. I am talking to people, Im talking to people, I am having a good time here. Thats what you do. You just do that enough, then when you bark back, you got a little something. Heres an olive branch Ive extended to her. Its basically… We fight a lot over television. Ive kind of come her way, shes come my way. She watches a little bit of sports, I occasionally will watch a romantic comedy. Which, I dont care, the nerds gonna fuck the cheerleader. Ill watch it, right? I dont mind them, its an uplifting story. I just dont like the love scenes in romantic comedies. They creep me out. Theyre just so fucking nice. Its, like, missionary-style. Theres candles. That stupid saxophone music. [imitates saxophone] It always goes down. Like the saxophone implies the penetration, right? Cause they cant show it. They got to make her this one-dimensional, this little angel. They ignore the other 90% of her sexuality. No hair-pulling, no ass-slapping, none of that shit. None of that taboo stuff of a womans sexuality. Thats never brought up. That whole Hold me down but let me up, but hold me down. Choke me, but let me breathe, but kind of scare the shit out of me a little bit. I want to feel your power but I want to be safe, but let me know if you really wanted to. That whole Fifty Shades of Rape, whatever the hell that is. Yeah. I dont even pretend to understand it. I remember the first time a woman wanted to get me to choke her a little bit. I didnt even know what she was doing. I was just so psyched to be getting laid, I was like… And she just kept taking my hand, and she kept putting it right here. I didnt know what she was doing. I thought she was testing my core strength or some shit. And finally, I was just like, What are you doing? She says, like, I dont know. I just kinda like, ya know. Its like squeeze a little bit and kind of like squeeze it. Why dont you want to do it? Itll be fun. Why dont I want to do it? I dont think I want a passed-out naked woman with my fingerprints all around her neck. Having the cops show up. Yeah, shes in here, Officer. Damndest thing, it was her idea. I swear to God, it was her idea! Yeah, they always make it nice in those movies. The raciest thing theyll do is every once in a while, theyll kiss up against a wall. I guess women like walls. I didnt know that. A lot of up-against-the-wall kissing. Oh, my God, its the wall. Oh, my God! Its supporting me, maybe hell support me, its a metaphor, I love it. Yeah, I saw one the other night, they were doing that, and then out of nowhere, they started having sex up against the wall. Im like, finally, something a little bit more interesting, right? But they were doing it standing up facing each other, missionary-style. Arguably one of the most difficult positions there is, and they were doing it with little to no difficulty. All she did was lift her leg up like that, and that was it. He was off to the races. I ruined the movie for my wife. Im like, That is fucking bullshit! Bullshit. What does the guy have, like, a U-shaped dick? How is he doing anything? Is he sticking it in her navel? Did he grease up her thighs, to hell with her needs? Like, if all shes gonna do is this, shes got to bring it up like an offsides call, if thats what shes doing. All right? If not, you got to make some adjustments. You just got to grab the other leg, you got to try to pick her up there, use these muscles. [screaming] Maybe you could grab a doorjamb, drop down, try to come in, try to do that. Dude, nobody can do that other than a porn star for longer than 18 seconds before theyre like, All right, this is ridiculous, okay? My calves are burning, I cant get nearly enough momentum to do any sort of damage. I can literally feel you getting on with your day with every pathetic attempt to try and rock your world. These guys in the movie, they have no problem banging away, then they pick them up like theyre not heavy. They start walking down, they see the bed, they just lay her down on the bed. Dude, Im not trying to be a dick, but every woman in here is heavy. Yeah, youre heavy. Youre an adult female! Jesus Christ, when do you stop picking up your kids? When theyre, like, five or six? Get off of me! Jesus Christ. Youre gonna throw out my back. Go jump on your brother. An adult woman weighs 115 pounds, 120, all the way up to God knows what. And its not balanced weight. Most of its in your thighs and in your ass. Your heads hanging off trying to counterbalance. Dude, when guys go to the gym, we dont put 30 pounds on one side and a buck-80 over here. Fuckin yeah! Yeah, its ridiculous. Trying to carry a naked woman, its like trying to carry a half-filled waterbed mattress. Youre, like, bumping into shit. When you see the bed, you dont walk to it, you slowly start picking up momentum. Then she bounces off this mattress, hits the wall, slides down, the whole sex vibes ruined, and youre back to your sandwich in your pocket. All right, Im out of time. You guys were awesome. Thank you so much. Thank you, thank you. I had a great time. Ill see you next time. Thank you. [cheers and applause]

IM JEFFERIES@BARE@2014@[Car horn honks] [Audience cheering] [Announcer] Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome to the stage Mr. Jim Jefferies! [Upbeat music playing] Hello! Sit down, sit down, sit down, sit down, sit down. [Chuckles] Thank you, Boston. I appreciate that. [Whooping] Uh, thats very sweet of you. [Man] Love you! Im at the end of the tour right now. Im very happy to be on tour because I now have a child. Ah, so… any time out of home is good for me. Um, I got my girlfriend pregnant after knowing her for two months. So… [Audience cheering] Thank you. Thank you. Life decisions. And shes a nice girl, and I love her in a way, sure. My problem with my girlfriend is, shes very sweet, but shes shit at telling stories, and Im awesome at telling stories, so it really bothers me when she talks. And I dont know if thatll be a problem in the future, but its a problem now and I dont see it getting better. Um… Ill give you an example, right? I was in the car, and my son Hank was asleep in the back seat, and were driving along, and on the radio comes Madonna, and my girlfriend just slips into conversation, Oh, I used to party with Madonna. And I went, You fucking what, when? And she went, I used to party with Madonna. Now, I should fill you in a little bit on this. My girlfriend used to be a model in Miami, right? Im not bragging. I didnt get the model years. I didnt get those years. Ive seen the photos. Very impressive. Um… So, I said, So you used to party with Madonna. Madonna used to have big parties and invite models over, right? And she went, No, no, it would just be me and a few other people. I go, You need to elaborate on this story right now. And she goes, Oh, okay, I used to date the center for the Miami Heat. As soon as you hear that the mother of your child used to date an NBA center, even if this guys even slightly in proportion… a lot of things flood through your head. First thing is, Thats why your cunts so fucked up. Thats a big one. Thats why our child came out while you were walking. I understand. So she said, I used to date the center for the Miami Heat. His best friend was Dennis Rodman. Dennis Rodman used to go out with Madonna, and we used to go over to Madonnas house. And she goes, This one time, the four of us were over at Madonnas house, and we were all fucked up on drugs, and one thing led to another… And then I went, Shut the fuck up! And she went, What? I said, I know what one thing led to another means! You all started fucking each other! And she went, We did. We started… Just shut up! And she goes, What do you care for? I said, Youre the mother of my child! I dont wanna picture you being fucked by a 72" NBA player while youre licking out Madonnas muscular vagina and Dennis Rodman is in the corner stroking his tattooed cock, going… [Moaning] And she goes, Oh, youre being silly. What do you care for? Youve partied way more than I have in my life. And I went, That is not true. Ive gotten wasted way more than you have, but I have, in no way, partied way more than you have. Often, I get wasted just by myself. I wouldnt call it a party. For most of my career, I was a struggling comedian, right? And this is how struggling comedians party, right? Its 5:00 a.m., Monday, right? Were in a one-bedroom apartment. Seven of us are standing around a coffee table, trying to stretch out two grams of coke. One of us is at the end of the table giving conspiracy theories… and the rest of us are talking about where women might be. One of us has come up with a plan. The plan goes like this, Well… nurses will be finishing their shift soon. Maybe if we just stand out the front of the ER, theyll appreciate seven funny guys. [Chuckles] I dont… You know, Ive never partied like a model. I have partied twice in my life. Twice. Like, really partied. Ive had good nights out, but Ive really partied twice. If you really party, and most people never experience this, its an amazing thing. It happens in Vegas. It can only happen in Vegas, and its gotta involve celebrity, right? Im not famous, but the people around me were super famous, and I was at this party in the night club, and they took me in. And then theres the night club, but then theres the real night club out the back, which is, like, the size of this stage. Its only a little room. And you go back there and you can just… They encourage you to take drugs in the open, and youre just doing it off a key, [Sniffs] and theyre going, No, dude. Use the table. Dont use your… And I go, Oh, oh. Oh, sorry. Um… And its confusing at first, and then their security will drag women off that other night club into your room. Just bring em in like, Huh? And you can do this. You can go… Uh… Like that. And theyll drag these women away. It is the best thing youll ever do with your life. When you party that hard as a man, theres a lot of remorse cause you have to tip everyone a lot of money. You wake up in the morning with a terrible hangover, and you go to your friends. You go, Oh, my God. We partied so hard last night. I spent $5,000. When a hot girl parties that hard, she wakes up in the morning and goes, Oh, my God. We partied so hard last night. I made $5,000. And thats a vastly different emotion that… I dont think women will never… Yeah, okay. This is the thing. In America, at the moment, theyre trying to raise the minimum wage to, I dont know, $16 an hour or something like that, and whenever they bring up this argument, they always go, And still to this day, women only earn 70% of what men earn in the workplace. And of course, thats disgusting. How dare women earn so much? Like… a lot of things that I say tonight will be jokes that I dont actually mean, but this is something Im really passionate about. Women do not deserve to earn as much money as men in the workplace. Im sorry. I… [Audience whooping] Im not being a misogynistic bastard, right? Im not saying that women dont work as hard. Im sure they do. Im not saying they dont do as good a job. What Im saying is they dont deserve to earn as much money as men. Right? Men need that extra 30% to buy meals and drinks and Jim Jefferies tickets and all that shit! [Audience cheering] Now… Im sure theres women in this room that are saying, Oh, I pay for my drinks. I bought my own ticket. And dont think we dont appreciate the uglies, cause we do. Right? We do. But theres little things in society that you cant change. Men have extra expenses that youll never understand. Theres holidays that are just for women. Like Valentines Day is just for women. They say its for romantics. They say its for couples or something like that. Its just for women. Theres no man who gets excited by Valentines Day. Theres no man that when he sees the Valentines Day decorations go up in the shopping mall, he goes, Oh, Valentines Day is coming! Valentines Day is a mathematical equation that every man has in his head, and it goes like this, How much money do I have to spend today so that you wont act like a cunt? It doesnt stop there. Mothers Day! Mothers Day rocked around in my house when my son was six months old. My girlfriends first Mothers Day. And she went, Oh, I wonder what Ill get for Mothers Day. And I went, Probably fucking nothing. Hes got no money. Hes six months old. What do you think hes gonna buy you? Within an hour, her friends were over at the house, just by coincidence, telling me what a bad person I was and how important Mothers Day is to a new mum, you know? And so, I went and bought her a cappuccino machine cause I assumed thats what Hank would have wanted her to have… and I wrote a card. Im not a bastard. I wrote a card. Im right-handed. So I got my left hand. Every new dad knows this. You get the crayon and you go, [Imitating child] Happy Mothers Day. Love, Hank. And I went, H-A-N… And then I did the K back-to-front because hes a fucking moron. See, now I know theres people in the room, theyre thinking, Well, fathers have Fathers Day. Fathers Day is bullshit. Its fucking shit, Fathers Day. Fathers Day came around and my girlfriend went, What do you want for Fathers Day? And I went, I dont want anything. Dont even worry about it. I dont want anything. And she goes, Come on. You gotta have something. I said, Honestly, I dont want anything. And she goes, Come on. And I went, Its my fucking money. Just dont touch it. Just leave my money alone. How hard is this? How about, for 24 hours, you dont touch my fucking money? That would be a gift. Thats why every single father has that one Fathers Day gift that they cherish, and its shit! Its, like, a fucking ceramic mug that the kid made in school where the handles too big, and it says, I heart Dad. And they keep that for 20 fucking years, this mug. And do you wanna know why they like it? Every now and again, they look at it and go… That cost me nothing, that mug. [Audience whooping] See… wouldnt it be nice to have one day that was for men and for fathers and all that type of stuff, but didnt cost anything, that everyone could participate in, right? Ive got it, right? April 18th… Anal Sex Day. [Men cheering loudly] Its good, isnt it? Everyones girlfriend or wife has to take it in the ass on April 18th. Its nice. A month before, youd be walking around the shopping center going, Oh, the decorations are up! [Men whooping] And its good cause if your bird didnt take it in the ass, you could do the same thing that women do on Valentines Day when they dont get a gift. You could go like, Oh, me mate, Jason, his wife took it in the ass twice. Yeah, obviously, theyre more connected than we are. Theyve, uh… Im thinking, I dont do much merchandise after my shows and stuff, but Im thinking of bringing out some April 18th T-shirts. Not even putting Jim Jefferies on them or anything. Just T-shirts that say, April 18th. Cause its good, right? Youre in a bar. Youre a guy. You see a guy at the other end of the bar with an April 18th, and you go… Fucking friends for life, right? But even better, you see a girl with an April 18th T-shirt. The weird thing is Im bigging-up anal sex here, and I dont even really like fucking girls in the ass that much. Im not even a huge fan. I much prefer the cunt. I think its a much more… I think that a cunt is a much more purpose-built thing to fuck. But, you know, anal sex… Oh, you know… I do it. I get involved, cause I feel like I have to. You know, I… But Ive never been a big fan of the ass fucking, I, uh… When I watch it on porn, it seems very inviting. The girls taking it so fluently in her ass, and she seems to be having fun, and, uh… But the thing is, you cant smell porn. You dont smell porn. You just… You just watch it. They never… And its different, porn. Its different. They clean the girls asshole. They pump water into it until its very hygienic. Im sure. And the girl seems to be so happy. Shes like… Youve got it in her pussy, youre fucking her, and then shes like, Put it in my ass. Shes inviting. Its like youre doing her a favor in porn. And then shes like… She says things… I dont know, things like, Im enjoying that. Keep putting it in my ass. Fuck my ass. I love a cock in my ass. And… And the experience Ive had in my own life has been vastly different. Ive… My experience has been a lot of crying. Now, although that can help you come at times, its not what you want… Its not what you want for every day. I like the girl who acts like shes enjoying it. Like, you know when your girlfriends like, Im gonna act like I enjoy it. She does that whole, Yeah. Oh, no, thats good. [Moaning] Ahh! ? Im having a good time ? And then theyre always going, Are you done? Are you close to done? You never fuck a pussy and they go, Are you almost done? Finish this. Like that. If youre fucking ass, they dont want you… They want it all over, quick. And they do other things, the porn girls. I dont know how much they get paid. Im sure its more than what the men get paid. Its the opposite bit of society. Um… But they do a thing called ATM. I dont know if you know what that is, kids. That stands for ass to mouth. Thats where the porn girl will pull the cock from out of her anus, and shell put it directly in her mouth, and shell say something like, I love the taste of my ass. Let me taste my ass. And then the man, as a favor to this woman, puts his cock in her mouth to congratulate her on the fine work… [Applause] shes been doing. Now, I had a drunken night with my ex-girlfriend where she thought shed be all wild and try that. Once again, vastly different experience. Im not a big fan of the ass fucking, and I dont know of any man, if theyre truthful, really is. Now, theres women in the room who are thinking, Well, why does my guy constantly bother me to fuck me in my ass? [Woman shouting] What a good question. [Woman whoops] Women, the reason that men like fucking you in the ass is because… we know you fucking hate it. [Cheering] So… Im a father. Um… I love my son! I love my son the same way that I love cigarettes. I like to hold him for five minutes every hour, and the rest of the time, Im thinking about how hes fucking killing me. Hes a good little boy. No, hes a great little fella. I really like him. Um… My girlfriend super loves him, though. Its fucking creepy. And… Im glad I have a son. That worked out good for me. I wouldnt be a good father to a girl. It wouldnt be good for me. Nothing weird. Wouldnt fuck it. I… I just dont get along with women. You know how it is. I dont want them in my house, and… So… Because you dream, see… For example, okay? When Hank was born… the couple over the road, within two weeks of Hank being born, had a baby girl, and rightly or wrongly, the first thing that went through my head was… Aw, thats great. I hope Hank fucks that one day. Thats what I think… Cause thats what I think about my son. I hope when hes of age, he just fucks everything. I dont care if my son is gay or straight. All I care about is, when he is of age, that he gets every bit of fucking pussy or cock that he desires. That is my dream for my son! [Audience cheering] But never in the history of fathers and daughters, has a father held his baby girl and gone, Oh, I hope you have a lot of cocks through you in your life. I hope youre never shy of a cock. I hope you pass out at parties and all the boys are queuing up. Right, you know… And its not just me. Women treat baby girls and baby boys differently as well. My girlfriend goes to the gym every morning. I go there very occasionally, and when you go to the gym, theres a little daycare crèche thing in the gym where you can hand your child off, and inside that daycare, theres, like, three women in their 50s. Theyre very nice ladies, and you hand your kid off and he plays. Then when you finish your workout, you come and get him. And theres a woman that works there who just loves my son. She sees all the other kids, but she loves Hank, and Hank fucking loves her, and the two of them light up when they see each other. And its super cute, I bring Hank up the stairs, and he starts going, Uh, uh! Trying to reach at her, all right? And she does this, she goes, Everyone, my boyfriends here. Heres my boyfriend. Give him here. Hes my boyfriend. And then she kisses him, and she goes, ? My boyfriend gives me kisses My boyfriend gives me kisses ? Its fucking adorable. But I tried doing that with a baby girl… Lets say you go to the gym and theres a daycare, and me and a couple of my mates are working there. Hey, everyone… me girlfriends here. Give her here. Give her here. Shes my girlfriend. My girlfriend gives me kisses. You know that, right? Shes always giving me kisses. Enjoy your workout. Dont worry about a thing. [Applause] [Cheering] So… Also… its just easier to bring up a son than it is a daughter. Its just little things. Even when theyre babies, its just easier. Theres a wiping technique when youre wiping a babys ass. I dont know if you have children, but this is how you do it. The baby lays on its back. You put their feet together. You lift the feet up, and then you go in and wipe. With a boy, you can wipe like that. Up and down, side to side, whatever the fuck you want, right? With a girl, you gotta wipe downward and away. Downward and away. Its very important that you wipe away from the cunt. Very important. Cause it turns out that women of all ages hate having shit in their cunts. They do. They fucking hate it. Boys dont give a shit. Fucking… My son will have shit all over his dick and balls, and Ill be cleaning it off under the foreskin, and hell be laughing like its the best day ever. Even at my age now, I find it funny if I have shit on my dick. If I fuck my girlfriend in the ass, I pull out, Ive got shit on my dick, Ill ring me mate Jason up and go, Hey, Jason… Its happened again. I got shit on my dick. And hell tell me a similar story about when he had shit on his dick, and well laugh and laugh and laugh. But never in the history of women has there been a woman with shit in her cunt and shes thought, Oh, I cant wait to call Karen. [Chuckles] [Laughs] When you… When my girlfriend got pregnant… When you meet… When you havent got a child, couples who have children are always bragging about how cool it is to have children. Whenever you meet couples with children theyre always like, It is the most fulfilling thing Ive ever done with my life. My heart grows larger and larger every day. And then the second that my girlfriend got pregnant, those same people went like this, Youre never gonna sleep again! [Laughs maniacally] Forget about it. Its over. Youre not gonna sleep. Theyre constantly telling you youre not gonna sleep. Raising a baby is not that hard. Ill tell you what, its easier than a coke habit. I had a coke habit for seven-and-a-half fucking years! At least its not me who wakes up crying anymore! I can sleep through other people crying. Ive had girlfriends. Thats like white noise to me. I find it soothing. See, me and my girlfriend, just two months, we went, Fuck it! Lets have a kid. Fucking did it, right? These other people, man… You know these couples, and they date from high school, and then they go out for a bit longer, and then after being together for like, seven years, they go, Were getting engaged. You wanna come to the party? And you wanna say, No, youre really boring and we hate you. But you go, Oh, okay, great. Youre still together, are you? You fucked one person, have you? Oh, how exciting. And… And then what they do is they dont have a kid right away because theyre still not ready. We have to see how our careers are going and shit. And what they do is they get a dog, and then they act like the fucking dogs their baby. They refer to it as their fucking baby. They send you a Christmas card of them holding the dog… and it says, From our family to yours. And then you have a barbecue, and you invite them, the humans, right? Then they come over. This fucking dog runs in, jumping over everything, and youre like, What the fuck is this shit? And theyre like, We had to bring him. We bring our baby everywhere. And you go, Well, your baby is biting my actual baby. Can you control… And then, eventually, they decide theyre gonna have a kid cause theyve learned so much from the dog, and then they bring the kid back, and the dog runs up, like, Whats happening? A new person. And theyre like, Fuck off. We dont love you anymore. Were going. And they think theyve learnt something from the dog, and they havent learnt anything. What happens if your girlfriends away on work and the dog dies? You go off, you buy another dog that looks similar to the original dog… try to pass it off as the same dog. What happens if your girlfriends away on work and the baby dies? Very hard… to get a baby that looks exactly the same in the short period of time that you have. Easier if youre black or Asian. [Audience cheering] Boston, no! No! No! Shut up! I will not put up with racism at my shows, okay? Im not saying cause they look the same. Im saying cause theyre easier to purchase. [Audience cheering] [Audience whooping] If Angelina Jolie and Madonna have taught us anything… it is that you can buy black and Asian people. Im yet to see a black celebrity couple come home from Norway with a child, going… Yolanda, quick, get Hans. Bring him over. Come on. [Jeffries chuckles] Im gonna talk about something now that sort of splits the crowd a little bit. Uh… Gun control. Now… No, wait. Before you… Dont get excited because the other people have guns. The anti-gun people are like, Yeah! Do it, Jim! No, lets just… [Shushes] Now, before I start saying this, I wanna say this, right? I believe in your right as Americans to have guns. Im not trying to stop you from having guns. All Im saying is this is my personal belief on the opinion. My opinion on the… Oh, it doesnt matter. I dont like guns, right? Im gonna say some things that are just facts, right? In Australia, we had guns, right? Right up until 1996. In 1996, Australia had the biggest massacre on Earth. It still hasnt been beaten. And… Now, after that, they banned the guns. Now, in the 10 years before Port Arthur, there was 10 massacres. Since the gun ban in 1996, there hasnt been a single massacre since. I dont know how or why this happened, uh… Maybe it was a coincidence, right? Now, please understand that I understand that Australia and America are two vastly different cultures with different people, right? I get it. In Australia, we had the biggest massacre on Earth, and the Australian government went, Thats it! No more guns! And we all went, Yeah, all right, then. That seems fair enough, really. Now, in America, you had the Sandy Hook massacre where little, tiny children died, and your government went, Maybe… well get rid of the big guns? And 50% of you went, Fuck you! Dont take my guns! [Whooping] So, heres where it gets confusing, right? Now, as I said, I am all for your Second Amendment rights. I think you should be able to have guns. Its in your constitution. What I am not for is bullshit arguments and lies. There is one argument and one argument alone for having a gun, and this is the argument… Fuck off. I like guns. Its not the best argument, but its all youve got. And theres nothing wrong with it. Theres nothing wrong with saying, I like something. Dont take it away from me. But dont give me this other bullshit. The main one is, [In American accent] I need it for protection. I need to protect me. I need to protect my family. Really? Is that why theyre called assault rifles? Is it? Ive never heard of these fucking protection rifles you speak of. Protection? What the fuck are you talking about? You have a gun in your house, youre 80% more likely to use that gun on yourself, than to shoot someone else. And people think, Well, thatd never happen to me. You dont know that, because you know what? ? From time to time We all get sad ? ? One day youre happy Then youre sad ? ? And then, uh-oh ? Protection. I had a break-in in Manchester, England, where I was tied up, I had my head cut. They threatened to rape my girlfriend. They came through the window with a machete and a hammer, and Americans always go, [In American accent] Well, imagine if you had a gun. And Im like, All right. I was naked at the time. I wasnt wearing my holster. I wasnt staring at the window waiting for cunts with machetes to come through. What world do you live in where youre constantly fucking ready? You have guns cause you like guns! Thats why you go to gun conventions! Thats why you read gun magazines! None of you give a shit about home security. None of you go to home security conventions. None of you read Padlock Monthly. None of you have a Facebook picture of you behind a secure door going, Fucking yeah! Like youre going to be ready if someone comes into your house. You have it at all fucking times. By the way, most people who are breaking into your house just want your fucking TV! You think that people are coming to murder your family? How many fucking enemies do you have? Jeez, you think a lot of yourself if you think everyones coming to murder you. See, if you have it readily available, it becomes unsafe. You have it in your bedside table, one of your kids picks it up, thinks its a toy, shoots another one of your kids. Happens every fucking day, but people go, Thatd never happen in my house cause Im a responsible gun owner. I keep my guns locked in a safe. Then theyre no fucking protection! Someone comes into the house, youre like, Wait there, fuck-face! Oh! Youve come to the wrong house here, buddy boy. I tell you what. Im gonna fuck you up! Okay. Is it 32 to the left or 32 to the right? Your mothers birthday? Why the fuck would I know your fucking mothers birthday? Maybe if you didnt leave the window open [In whining voice] because its too hot in here, we wouldnt be getting fucking murdered, right? I find the NRA to be hard work. The fact that they always think the answer is more guns. After Sandy Hook happened, the NRA said, and I quote, None of this would have happened if the teachers had guns. I… I think theyre forgetting what school was like. Does anyone remember that casual teacher that used to… Whenever she came into school, that relief teacher came, you and your friends would see her and go, [Chuckling] Oh, were gonna make her cry. And then shed stand in front of the class with a bit of chalk and her hands would be shaking, and youd go, Youre never getting married, are you, Miss? Never gonna happen for you. Then shed get back to her 1967 Volkswagen Beetle, and shed be crying over the steering wheel, just, Why dont they like me? Lets give that cunt a gun and see how things work out! [Audience cheering] And then they go, Oh, well, answer to that, well just add more guns. They go, Well put an armed security guard at every school across America. Yeah, thatll work out. The average security guard in America earns $16 an hour. Not a lot of wiggle room to be a fucking hero! Someone comes onto the school and… [Mimicking machine gun] And youve got Kevin. Now, Im sure Kevins shit-hot at Call of Duty, but it might not fucking cut it, ladies and gentlemen. Now, I understand that when Im doing this joke in this room, 50% of you agree with me, 50% of you dont agree with me, and I do respect the people who dont agree with me. Dont think I dont. Out of the 50% that dont agree with me, 20% of those people are smart enough to realize this is a comedy show and its not to be taken seriously, and theyre laughing along cause its just funny jokes, right? And then the next 20%, have sort of phased out a little bit. Theyre looking around, going, Wonder how they got that chandelier up there? And then… theres the last 10%. And theyre fucking furious. Right now, in this room and the people watching at home… 10% of you are fucking seething. Just… And for a couple of reasons. First reason, Im making good points. [Audience cheering] Second reason. Second reason. Second reason, and this is the big one, Im foreign… and thats pissing the fuck out of you right now, and your brain is on a loop and you cant fucking turn it off, and its just going around in a circle, and youre just going, If you dont like it, go home! If you dont like it, go home! And my answer to that is, No. I came here legally. I pay my taxes. Ill say whatever the fuck I want. Your First Amendment means that I can say the Second Amendment sucks dicks. And… unless youre an American Indian, youre a fucking immigrant as well, so fuck off. People get so precious about it. I understand that to Americans, your constitution is very important. I respect it, but please understand that every country has one as well. Its no more special than any other constitution. We have one in Australia. I dont know what it says. Ive never seen it. If theres a problem, well check it, but everythings going fine. And dont get me wrong. I get that the constitution is important to you. I have had… Fucking, I get it, right? Ive had people come up to me in my face and scream at me in car parks as Im leaving the theater, going, [In American accent] You cannot change the Second Amendment! And Im like, Yes, you can. Its called an amendment.' If you cant change something thats called an amendment, see, many of you need a thesaurus more than you need a constitution. And if you dont know what a thesaurus is, get a dictionary and work your way forward. Dont think your constitution is set in stone. Youve changed things before. You used to have prohibition in there, right? And then people were like, Hey, who likes getting fucked up? Yeah, I like getting fucked up, too. Lets get that one out. Lets get that one out. You used to have this other thing in America called, uh… slavery! And then Lincoln came along and went, Thats it. No more slaves! And 50% of you went, Fuck you! Dont take my slaves! And the same bullshit arguments came out that you have with guns. Why should I have my slaves taken off me? Im a responsible slave owner. Im trained in how to use my slaves safely. Just because that guy mistreated his slaves doesnt mean that my rights should be taken away from me. I… I use my slaves to protect my family! I keep my slaves locked in a safe! Thats the thing. Why should I have my guns taken off me? Ive done nothing wrong. Look, I agree with you. If youre a responsible gun owner and you dont fuck around with them, then you should be allowed your guns. You really should. But thats not how society works. We have to play to the 1% that are such fuckwits they ruin it for the rest of us. We have to walk as slow as our slowest person to keep society fucking moving, right? I take drugs like a fucking champion, right? [Audience cheering] We should all be allowed to take fucking drugs, but we cant, can we? Because Sarah took drugs and she stabbed her fucking kids. Oh! Oh, thanks, Sarah. You fucked it up for everyone. Right? Everyone should be allowed to drive their car as fast as they can do it, right? But we cant because Jonathan got drunk and ran over a family. Thanks, Jonathan! Now I have to drive at 30, you fucking idiot! See, thats the thing. Why should I have my guns taken off me, Im responsible, just because that guys crazy? Whos to say youre not crazy? Thats the thing about crazy people. They dont know theyre crazy. Thats what makes them crazy. The only thing you know for sure on this Earth is, I think, therefore I am. You know that you exist. Anything past that is open to interpretation, right? You know you exist and thats it. Right now, I think Im in Boston talking to 1,200 people. Thats what I think Im doing, but there is a good to fair chance that Im in a mental home, standing in front of a white wall, going, [Slurring speech] I hate guns. I hate guns. I hate guns. [Audience applauding] See, one of the better arguments is, Well, if you take the guns away, then only the criminals will have guns. Not true. When they banned the guns in Australia, it worked. When they banned them in Britain, it worked, okay? The Bushmaster gun that the kid was gonna use in Sandy Hook costs, like, $1,000 American and you can buy it in Walmart. Itll be delivered to your house. Thats it, man. 1,000 bucks, right? That same gun in Australia on the black market costs $34,000. Now if you have $34,000, you dont need to be a criminal. Youve got $34,000. Youre a great little saver. Keep going. So that covers the criminals, but that doesnt cover the people who wanna murder your family, that are coming after you and your family. It kind of does. The people who do the massacres, it covers them cause they go… The kid at Colorado who thought he was The Joker, lets say that he had some social issues. The kid at Sandy Hook was Aspergers as fuck. Right? I dont know if you know a lot about the black market, but you cant just rock up at the docks going, [Slurring speech] Guns! Who wants to sell me a gun? Now, Im gonna wrap this up. We wont talk about it anymore. Now… See, the one thing that I do really agree with with the right to bear arms, I really agree with… That the real reason it was written was so that you could form a militia to fight against a tyrannical government. In case the government became a bunch of cunts, you could all get your guns and fight back, and thats why it was written. – [Audience cheering] – Yeah! And that made a hell of a lot of sense when it was just muskets. But you do know the government has drones, right? You get that? Youre bringing guns to a drone fight! If we went back to muskets, Im all for it! Keep the Second Amendment. If we all have muskets… Muskets are awesome! Every cunt should be carrying a musket with him at all times. You know whats good about the musket? It gives you a lot of time to calm down. Someone calls your wife fat, and youre like, Fuck you, buddy! Ah, youre not a bad guy. Youre all right. Now… after the show, were gonna go out, have a big party around Boston, see how it goes. Im not allowed to go to strip clubs anymore. My girlfriend has said thats a no… cause I dont behave myself in there, so Im not allowed to go to them anymore. Cause strip clubs arent what women think they are. [Stammers] It used to be like… Okay, so, when a man goes to a strip club, its all about girls being as dirty and as horrible to each other as possible. Thats what men want to see. Women, when they go to their Magic Mike clubs or whatever the fuck they are… women wanna see a guy, Hey, ladies. Hes a fireman. And he comes out with his hose and like that… And whenever a stripper takes their clothes off, theyve still got the firemans hat on or a tool belt on or policemans gun on a holster, right? Because even when a mans naked, a woman wants to know that he has a job. When men watch strippers, we want them to have a job, and that jobs stripping. We want to just look at that girl dancing and have a hand full of money, and just go… You cant take care of your kids. Its… And when men get private dances in these strip clubs, I dont know… I dont know if women actually know what goes on in those rooms, but basically, its dry humping. Theres no dancing. The girl gets in front. She gets where your cock is, pushes it to one side and then she rubs on it… and then she stands over and puts her cunt right in your face, and you go… Thats what a private dance is, right? I dont know if theres private dancing in female strip clubs. [Stammering] I cant imagine that there would be. I dont imagine a woman getting out of a back room and going up to her friend and going… She goes, How was it? And she goes, Well… he just sat me down and then he grabbed my genitals… and then he dragged his scrotum over my forehead. I got to go to the ATM. So Legit got canceled. [Audience booing] Yeah. I know. I know it. Who wouldve thought it wouldve struggled on that great FXX channel that everyone knew about? The first season is on Netflix. This special is being recorded for Netflix. So you can go watch it there if youre watching the special. It was… Im very proud of it. We had two great seasons of really good television, and if people didnt… Now… The whole TV show is based around one standup routine that I used to do about having a friend with muscular dystrophy that I took to a brothel, which is a true story. And so, when we cast a character with muscular dystrophy who… In the end, we used DJ Qualls, and DJ Qualls is the skinny white guy out of the movie Road Trip. Hes the skinny white guy out of the movie Hustle & Flow, and hes the white guy out of the movie Hustle & Flow. Now… the great thing about DJ is… he already looks disabled. He has that latter stages of AIDS thing going on. Its great for casting. Anyway, but… I didnt want DJ to begin with. I wanted a person with muscular dystrophy to make it look authentic, and the Actors Union of America said, You cannot do that. Because basically the problem is people with muscular dystrophy, I think, are only allowed to work for two hours a day before they get too tired. And I said, All right, what other disabilities and diseases are allowed to work longer? And they sent me a list. And on this list, I said, Can you get rid of all the contagious ones? And what have we got left? So I saw every disabled actor in Hollywood, and Ill be honest with you, not that many of them. I dont know why. Maybe theyre just lazy. They dont wanna work. Maybe they give up on their dreams rather quickly. And none of them were very good, either. Everyone we saw, none of them were very good cause acting is all about what you do with your hands. None of them knew what to do with their hands, and… they all came in. Until this one guy came in. I had seen a lot of people that day. This guy was the most disabled person Id ever seen in my life. He was like… Think of the most disabled person youve seen, then double it. …really super disabled. He was shaped like a pretzel. He was being carried in by this big Russian nurse, carried him in. He made that great disabled sound of… [Groans] That one. I just loved him. Anyway… so he comes in for the audition… and Im sitting there, and were doing the lines together, and at first, I didnt know if he was mentally all there either, so I was being a little bit patronizing. I was going, Thank you so much for coming in. And then we did the dialog together, and I didnt have to worry about a thing. This kid was funny. He was smart. His timing was impeccable. I thought he was just great, and I helped him out of the room, and I come back to the director and I said, Thats our guy. Thats who we gotta pick. And he agreed, but we had to see everyone else who was still in the waiting room. So the next bloke wheels himself in. Now, obviously, hes just a paraplegic if hes wheeling himself in, which means the waist down, and that didnt really suit me because… paraplegics can get themselves to a hooker without my assistance. But I thought… If hes a good enough actor, maybe he can quad-up for the role. So he comes in… He comes in, I shake his hand, and his leg slightly comes out at the same time. And I went, Whoa! Whats going on there, kicky? And he goes… Oh, you got me! Im not disabled. And I said, Youre fucking what now? And he goes, Im not disabled. I just really wanted the role, so I rented a wheelchair. And I said, Just shut up. So let me… This is how your day has mapped-out thus far. You woke up this morning. You drove to the wheelchair rental place. You rented a wheelchair. You carried it out, I assume. You put it in the trunk of your car. You drove here. You got the wheelchair out. You carried it up three flights of stairs. You went to the waiting room. You put it down next to the severely disabled man and his nurse. Then you sat in it and practiced your lines. And he went… Yeah. And I said, Youre a fucking asshole, mate. Get the fuck out of here. And I kicked him out. And later on that day, Im sitting there with all the headshots of all the different actors Im gonna call to tell them theyve got parts, and Im holding this disabled guys headshot, and I just think, Im gonna call this guy up. Im gonna change his life. This is an awesome moment, right? And Im looking at it, and he looks super handsome in his headshot. He looked really like… And I thought, This has gotta be the greatest photographer with the fastest shutter in camera history. The shutter on his camera has gotta be like… [Mimicking camera shutter] Like… [Audience applauding] And then I read the guys biography… and then it dawned on me. This guys not disabled either! I hated the other fucker for renting a wheelchair! This cunt rented a nurse! Do you wanna know the level of fucking psychosis you have to go through to rent a fucking nurse? Im all for a method actor. Get into character three hours before, but once you finish the audition, stand up and go, Ta-da! And we would have gone, That was very good. But Ill tell you what you dont do. Dont make me carry you to your car! I carried him down three flights of stairs going, You did very good. Hes like, Thank you, Jim. [Laughing] [Chuckles] I was, uh… I go to a therapist… cause I get depressed. So I got a therapist every now and again. I literally had one of those moments with my therapist where she was saying words like, Im gonna say a word and you say the first thing that comes in your mind. Like just out of the movies, right? And she went, Red, and I went, Blue. And then she went, Cooking, and I went, Food, and all that type of stuff. We went like this forever. And then she went… For the last question, she went, And whats your favorite thing in the world? And I went… Coming on a girls face. Now… Now, I couldve said things like… Ice cream is a good answer. Hank wouldve been an excellent answer. But I said, Coming on a girls face. And Ive had six months to think about my answer, and I stand by it. – I… – [Cheering] Im not proud of it. I hate myself for thinking it. Its such a horrible thing to do to another human. When a girls on her knees and you… Its so… And as an atheist, I believe in Darwin and all the things that he wrote, but he never had a bit where he explained that. There was never a bit in his book where he went, When a caveman loves a cavewoman, hell ejaculate on her face so that flies wont come near. There was never that… never that moment. But, by golly, if its not fun. I find it… To… Look, to all the girls who take a load on their face from time to time, may I say, Bravo! Dont… dont think what you do… has gone unnoticed. We notice. We appreciate your work. I think you deserve a parade of some kind. During Memorial Day, after the Vietnam vets, before the First Gulf War guys, we could bring in, And heres the women who take a load on their face. And you could march out, and married men would stand there going, God bless you, ladies. [Audience cheering] I enjoy your acting that you do. The standard tongue out and the… Like that… I dont know why, but I enjoy… I know its a lie. I know youre not excited, but I still appreciate the effort is what I enjoy. I love the look because its such a, Oh, jeez, Im excited, too. When this come hits my face, theres a good chance Ill also orgasm. Anything could happen in this crazy world. But this is what redeems us as men. This is what redeems us. Just know that the second the come shoots out of our cock and hits your face, our bodies flood with remorse. The next 20 seconds is the nicest we will ever be to you. [Men whooping] I go from being an animal to the sweetest guy on Earth. Im like, You fucking slut… Oh, I love you. Ah… Uh, all right. No, no, no. Put your tongue back in. Um… Keep your eyes shut. Just keep them shut. Uh… All right, Im going to get a towel. Ill get a towel. Ill get you a towel. All right. Youre a wonderful mother to our child. [Laughs] [Audience cheering] See… this is what kills me. My son will one day watch this DVD. And Im the guy whos meant to teach him right from wrong, and Im there wiping come off his mothers face. I think I did something illegal with my son the other day. I think it might be illegal. Tell me if this is illegal. All right? Im in the shower. My girlfriend goes off to the gym in the morning, and when she came back, I was in the shower, and Hank ran up, and he started banging on the glass door of the shower like, Argh! Like that. And I went… [Vocalizing] And I saw his little face and I went, Hello, Hankie. And then in the condensation, I drew a little bowtie on him… and a little suit… and then I gave him a voice bubble that said, I love my daddy. Love, Hank. But I did it so I could read it. Well, of course he could read the K, and… then I stepped out. I stepped out of the bathroom and I went, Gday, Hankie! And he slapped my cock and he ran off. Now, is that illegal? I dont know. Is it illegal because, A, a child touched my cock, or because, B, I found it really funny and Ive been telling everyone. And I cant get angry at him because his whole life, hes been lying on mats with things dangling over. Hes been training for this his entire life. I think Ive, uh… I think Ive become American, more American than I am Australian lately, and there was a moment where I tipped over where I went, Oh, I think like an American person now. And Im happy to do it. I just… Ill tell you what happened. I was flying around… I was doing a tour of Australia, and I was flying domestically around Australia, and Im so used to airports and stuff here in America that… Okay, what happens is, when you go… I was flying Sydney to Melbourne. When you fly domestically in Australia, you go up to the machine, put your name in, prints your ticket out, it prints your bag thing, you put the bag thing on your bag yourself, and then theres a conveyor belt underneath. You throw your bag on. Bag fucks off. You dont speak to anyone. Then I go up to the gate bit, and the ladys going, Tickets, please. And Im holding my ID out like a fucking simpleton. Cause I get through airports quick, man. Im like, Fucking there you go. And she went, Put your ID away. I dont need to see that. And I went… I think you do. And she went, I dont… Why would I need to see your ID? And I said, I might be a terrorist. And she went, Would showing me your ID stop you from blowing the plane up? No, Id probably still blow the plane up. So then I get up to the TSA conveyor belt thing, and Im so good at the airports. Im already taking my shoes off as Im walking, right? And all the Australians behind me assume that Im American, and theyre losing their fucking shit. Theyre like, Oh, for fucks sake! One of these cunts, eh? And the TSA guy goes, Hey, mate, what are you taking your shoes off for? And I went… [Shouting] I dont know! Maybe theyre bombs? And he went… But theyre not, are they? I put me shoes back on. I get my laptop out. Everyones going mental. And the TSA guy says, very politely, but extraordinarily sarcastically, he goes, Jeez, mate. Thats a nice computer. Why are you showing it to everyone? It might also be a bomb. And then the guy said the most Australian thing Ive ever heard come out of anyones mouth ever. He went… Oh, come on, mate. You wouldnt have two bombs. [Audience laughing] [Chuckles] Im not even quite sure what that means, but it does make some type of sense. All right. Oscar Pistorius. If you havent been following the case, youre missing out. This is the greatest thing since OJ Simpson. Youre fucking missing out, mate. If you dont know who Oscar Pistorius is, let me fill you in. Oscar Pistorius is a legless man from South Africa, known as the Blade Runner. He ran in two Olympics, the disabled and the able-bodied Olympics in one year. No one has ever done that. Hes an inspiration to hundreds and millions of disabled and able-bodied people alike, and on Valentines Day last year, he shot and killed the hottest girl on Earth… and thats when he became an inspiration to me… cause hot girls have been getting away with too much shit for too fucking long. Let that be a lesson to all you hot girls out there. You cant just say whatever the fuck you want whenever you fucking want. [Mock tearfully] People have feelings, you cunts. Now, theres a lot of rumors going around on what happened on that day. One of the theories is that they found in her phone… He went through her phone, and on her phone, he found some text messages from a South African rugby player on Valentines Day, right? Now, I dont know if youve ever been to South Africa, but in South Africa, rugby is more popular than legless running. It goes, rugby, legless running, cricket. Legless runnings their second sport. You wouldnt have thought that. Anyway… Im going to reenact what I believe happened that day. To do that, I will now be doing a South African accent. Now I know, many of you cant tell the difference between my accent and a South African accent. Heres the difference. Picture my accent, but Im punching a black person. What Im trying to say is South Africans are horrible people. So… shes coming out of the shower. Shes been drying her hair. Shes listening to Rodriguez or something. She comes out. Hes laying on the bed. He looks up at her, hes holding the phone, and he goes, [In South African accent] What the fuck is this? Ive been through your phone. You have been texting a rugby player. And shes like, Oh! Fuck you! Who the fuck do you think you are? Who am I? Im Oscar Pistorius, the greatest legless runner that has ever been. Thats who the fuck I am. Well, I would rather be with a rugby player. At least he is a whole man, not a three-quarter man like you. – [Audience exclaiming] – I know. [Audience laughing] Oh! Fuck you! No! Fuck you! Im leaving you! And then she storms out of the room, and then he was like… You fucking bitch! [Grunts] I hate you! [Grunting] You will rue the day… that you left Oscar Pistorius, the Blade Runner! Dont go anywhere! [Grunting] I hate you! Thats where he keeps his legs. All right. Then he put the blades on. Oh, youre in trouble, missy. I tell you. I go to my gun safe. She locked herself in the bathroom. He shot her through the bathroom door. Seems like overkill, doesnt it? Bathrooms only have little tiny locks on them, but Oscars one of the few men on Earth that couldnt kick the door in, right? He was wearing the blades, so… Boing! Ah! So… I think Oscar will probably go to prison. Now… in South Africa, one in four people have AIDS. I assume it may even be worse in the prison population. Now, can I say this? Look… Ive never raped a man. I hate that I have to put a man in that sentence, but whatever. Ive never raped a man, but… if I was going to rape a man, it would be a legless Olympian… cause in prison, its all about getting one up on other people, and making people think youre tough and all that. Like, You want to fucking rape me? I just raped an Olympian, bitch. Is that what you fucking want? Thered be a wonderful moment… when youre in the showers and he was crawling away like the end of a Terminator movie. [Chuckling] You know what I like about that joke? So often when you tell a joke, the rapist is the villain in the story, but not in that one. Not in that one. Hes the hero. All right, we have to get going soon. Before I leave, – I thank you very much for coming. – [Audience groaning] No, I said, soon, not over. Its just soon, you cunts, so calm down. [Chuckles] [Man whistles] I always… I always find that weird when someone, like, whistles like that. What do they think is going to happen? Like, Im going to go, Fucking you know me, mate. I was enjoying claps and cheers, but what I needed was a high-pitched squeal noise. Thank God you came along to pick up my spirits. [Man] Love you! All right, final story. Now, I was in South Africa again. Jeez, I dont think Ill be working in South Africa after this special comes out. I used to do, like, one tour in South Africa every year, and I just dont know if Ill be invited this time. Theyll be like, [In South African accent] We dont like him. Hes no good. Anyway, so, Im in South Africa, and I had to fly back from Cape Town to Los Angeles, which is, like, a 26-hour flight. Youve to go up to London and go across. Cunt of a trip. Um… But it was all right cause I had a business class ticket, so I didnt give a fuck. And when I travel economy, I try to dress up nice cause I like to look good in case someone recognizes me and I might get an upgrade. But when Ive already got a business class ticket, I try to look like a bag of shit… cause its important to me that everyone else in business class doesnt want me there and theyre annoyed by my presence. So… Im wearing a white T-shirt thats got brown stains on it with a hole in the side. Im wearing these small shorts with just one testicle hanging out. So, anyway, I go up to the counter, up to the business thing with the thing, and I go, Hello, and the lady goes, [In South African accent] Oh, Mr. Jefferies, Im so sorry, but you have been downgraded. I said, You what now? She goes, Business class is full. You have been downgraded. And I said, I understand that business class is full. I bought one of the tickets that made it full. And she went, Im sorry, sir. Theres nothing I can do. And then I just went, Are you fucking kidding me? Now, you know when youre dealing with customer service people, and they want you to swear, cause as soon as you swear, they dont have to engage with you anymore. They can act like theyre the first adult never to hear a swear word, and they can get really offended, right? So I went, Are you fucking kidding me? And she went, Please do not speak to me that way! I have done nothing wrong! And I said, Are you, a white South African, telling me youve done nothing wrong? Anyway… tensions rose. The manager comes over. Big fat cunt called Simon Fulcher, right? He walks over and goes, [In South African accent] What is wrong here? What is wrong? And I said, I bought a business class ticket and I want a business class ticket. And he goes, What do you want me to do? Make a new chair for you? There are no more seats. I cant do anything. He goes, Ill tell you what I can do. Go up to the executive lounge. Have some peanuts. Enjoy a beverage. Listen to Rodriguez, and if something opens up, we will move you back up to business class. So I thought, Theres nothing I can do. So I walk off with my ticket. Im walking through the airport like, Fucking British Airways, bunch of fucking cunts. Right? I get up to the counter. And the woman behind the counter said, Tickets, please. And I hand over my ticket and she goes, [In South African accent] Im sorry, sir, but this is for business class passengers only. Your ticket says economy on it. And I said… [Inhales sharply] I bought a business class ticket, but you people have downgraded… And as I was doing my little speech, she looked past me and went, Next. [Audience exclaiming] Listen here, you fucking cunt. [Audience laughing] All right? Now, you say cunt in any foreign country, people lose their fucking shit. Security came from everywhere. I was going, Dont you fucking come near me, cunt! And I said, I want to speak to Simon Fulcher, like Im… And they go, All right. They ring the manager up, and then they go… He goes, Is it the pale Australian man? And the guy went, Yes. He goes, Weve had problems with him. Let him through. Right? So I go through. Im sitting there, Im eating my peanuts. And Im just angry now, going, Fucking British Airways. Fucking cunts, fucking… Like that. And in walks in a group of Americans, about 30 of them. You know the type, right? They all… And whenever I see Americans abroad… Ill do my impersonation of any American abroad. When Americans are abroad, youre just pointing out shit you see. Youre just walking around going, [In American accent] Oh, this is great! Look at that. Thats a chair right there. Okay. Oh, whats that over there? Okay. Wonderful. Great. Right? And this group walked in, and one of the women in the group went like this, she went, [In American accent] Did anyone else see that Australian guy speaking to that lady out there? Some people have no class. And I put my head around the pylon, and I went, You can fuck off and all! You dont know what Ive been through! Ive been downgraded! And as I said that, 18 other people who were given the same lie that I was given, that they were going to be the next people promoted up to business class, the penny dropped. None of us are getting promoted. They all lied to us, and we formed an angry militia in seconds. It was like a scene out of Braveheart, and they all stood up and went, Fucking downgraded! And the woman in the group was doing this, Dont speak to me that way. Who the hell do you think you are? And all the men in the group were like, Hey, why dont you shut the fuck up? Just shut the fuck up. ? It doesnt matter These people seem very angry, so ? And a guy breaks from the group and he tries to calm everyone down. And, sometimes, Americans, sometimes, you can seem a little insincere. And he came up and he went, [In American accent] Hey. Hey. Yeah, I get it. [Exhales sharply] Downgraded, yeah. That really grinds my gears, I tell you that. Yeah, I would write a strongly-worded letter. I really would. And then I thought, at least this guys being nice, and I said, Look, mate, dont worry about it. Its not like its your fault. And I said, Why are you in such a big group anyway? And he goes, Oh, were in Neil Diamonds band. Thats Neil Diamonds backup singer you just called a cunt there. And as he said that, Neil Diamond walked around the corner like a fucking superhero… and I reacted like he was one. I went, Neil Diamond! And Neil Diamond went, [In husky voice] Hey, whats going on? And then, for a second there, there was a bit of my brain that thought maybe Neil Diamond could solve problems. And I went, Neil! Me and all these people, weve been downgraded! And Neil went, Oh! Oh, right. Uh, well, maybe thats our fault. We decided to come back a day early. You can fuck off and all, Neil Diamond! And then a fight breaks out amongst the Neil Diamond band and the downgraded. Punches are thrown. Not by me. I dont know if you have the Internet, but Im not much of a fighter. Im an excellent scurrier-awayer. I get down. Hey, what have you got there? Hiya! Anyway, the airport police came. Three people were arrested from the downgraded… but three people were arrested from the Neil Diamond band, and that meant that three seats opened up in business class. [Audience cheering] Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much. Good night. Appreciate it. [Audience cheering] [Upbeat music playing] Thank you. Go home. Lets have a drink. Bye.

CRAIG FERGUSON@JUST BEING HONEST@2015@? ? [upbeat rock music] ? ? [cheers and applause] [cheers and applause intensify] Its a great day for America, everybody! [cheers and applause] Its– Its a great day for me. I finally get to use my sign! Youd be surprised how many times in America theyre not that happy to see that sign. Weve been touring. Theyre like, This is Greensboro, North Carolina. Boo! Whos smoking weed? I can smell weed. What the fuck? Look, this is an intervention. Actually, Im not doing a show. Were worried about your weed use. You got any weed up there in the cheap seats? Any weed going on up there? [cheers and applause] [Craig laughs] Im very happy to be here. If youve ever seen me before, first of all, I apologize– no refunds. And secondly, you know what I like to do every evening is tell a joke, just one joke, but a great joke– the best joke in the world. Yeah. No, thats true. If you Google the– [light applause] – All right. I want to encourage you. No, the– [applause] No, no, no, no. Im over it. Anyway, look, this is the number-one joke in the English language, this joke, and the number-one joke in the United States. And if you know anything about me, you know Im a very patriotic American. No irony, no bullshit, very patriotic. I start every show with Its a great day for America. Thats my thing. Thats my catch– [cheers and applause] Dont. No, its all right. Its my catchphrase– Its a great day for America. I tried other catchphrases. I tried, That sounded dirty. [laughter] Just kind of creep people out. And then, See you in hell, amigos! And nobody could make any sense of that one. My own personal favorite– fuck you, Dr. Phil! But… [laughter and applause] None of them took off, so its a great day for America. Thats my thing that I say. Thats the one Ill be saying for the rest of my life. Thats the one Ill be saying when Im doing ads for local car dealerships. Come on down to Toyotathon, cheeky monkeys. Look at these deals in new and used models. Its a great day for America. [laughter] Thats the big blowy guy out front. I dont know. Oh, I see what youre doing. Its the big blowy guy out front. Did any of you see the big blowy guy out front? Hello. I think you know what Im saying. [laughs] Its not a great idea having a catchphrase, to be honest, if you do what I do, because people get very angry if you forget to say it. I wont say where, but recently in Greensboro, North Carolina, I came out, and I forgot to say, Its a great day for America, and there was a gentleman waiting for me at the stage door. And Im not talking, like, in Broadway, where the gentleman has a top hat and a scarf and says, Can I take you to a supper club, young missy? I mean… [laughter] Ooh, heres hoping tonight. But, no, I mean, there was a guy waiting. I think–Im pretty sure he was armed. He was like, Why didnt you say it was a great day for America? I was like, I just forgot, man. Hes like, You didnt forget. I know what youre doing. I seen Homeland. It was like, No, man, I forgot. People get mad at you if you forget to say it, and people get mad at you if you say it. Theres always one every night, if I come out and Im like, Oh, its a great day for America, theyll be somebody like, Why is it a great day for America, Craig? My cat got shingles today. [laughter] My cat, which is coincidentally named America. [laughter] Its all right. Cats cant get shingles. Its just a joke. I dont think they can get shingles, anyway. I dont know, Im not a doctor, just like Dr. Phil isnt. [laughter and applause] No, I dont know. Shingles is–I mean, I wouldnt wish shingles on a cat. Its a terrible thing. It is. If youve ever had shingles, its awful. It sounds like itd be fabulous. Like, You wearing your shingles to Gay Pride? fucking bet I am, bitch. Im gonna be covered in shingles and smelling of weed. But its not like that at all, shingles. Its like, Oh, God! Aah, its so painful, shingles. I hope cats get this. [chuckles] But people get mad at you if you say your catchphrase. People get mad at you if you dont say your catchphrase. People get mad at you if you do what I do for a living. They just get mad at you if you just talk. I think people are mad at me on the way to the fucking theater. I think people are offended before they leave the fucking house. You ready to go to the show? Yep. Are you offended? fucking right, I am. Lets go. So, if people get offended at one of my shows, I think, What did you think was gonna happen? What did you think was gonna happen? I mean, what… [babbling] Anyway, what Im saying is people get offended all the time. Let me just apologize now, do you know what I mean? Let me just apolo–because before this night is through, I guarantee that each and every one of you will be offended by something that I say. [cheers and applause] Save your applause until its your turn, all right? Not that Im gonna offend you, of course, because I happen to believe what everyone in this room believes. Craig, thats crazy. You cant believe what everyone believes. I dont. I only believe what everyone in this room believes. Everyone whos not here is a stupid asshole. Am I right, everybody in this room? [cheers and applause] Yeah! Im not judging them. Im just being honest. Thats what you say, by the way, if you want to say the worst shit you can think of and get away with it, you just add to the sentence, Im not judging. Im just being honest. Then you can say what the fuck you like. It is carte blanche, which is French for white map. It is white map. It is white map to say whatever you want. Im not judging. Im just being honest. You can say what you like. Im not judging. Im just being honest. But your mom gives terrible blow jobs. [laughter] Is that too much already? All right. Well bring it back a bit. Im not judging. Im just being honest. Your mom gives great blow jobs. You know, when people get offended at one of my shows, I think, What the fuck did you think was gonna happen? I mean, really, you come to a tumbledown shit pit like this– Im not judging. Im just being honest. You come– you come to a beautiful theater like this, stinking of weed, to see a creepy foreigner that used to tell dirty jokes in the middle of the night on free TV. What the fuck did you think was gonna happen? [cheers and applause] See, I think– I used to think that everybody came to a comedy show for a laugh, and most people do, I think, but there are some, theres always some in every show that are here for something better than a laugh. Theyre about here tonight, I think. Theyre here for something better, not for comedy, for something ever more fun– the exquisite pleasure of righteous indignation. [laughter] Yes, thats not funny to me, because Im morally superior to you. But let me put it to you, if everyone around you is laughing and you are not laughing, perhaps you are not morally superior. Perhaps youre just a miserable shit. Not judging. Its not that youre not allowed to be offended. Of course you are. You must talk about what offends you. Thats what I do. I talk about what offends me. Its just that whatever, you know, seems to offend most people doesnt seem to bother me at all. Im not offended by, you know, what you believe. I dont give a shit what your belief system is. I mean, youre wrong, but Im not offended by it. Im not offended if you think that magic underpants are gonna put God in a good mood. Good for you. Im not offended if you think the magic Scientology machine will make you not gay. Good for you. Heres one. Im not offended if you think the biscuit turns into Jesus. [laughter] Ooh, remember how excited you were about how offended you were gonna be? Wait a minute. No, of course the biscuit turns into Jesus. [laughter] Can I ask, when does the biscuit turn into Jesus? Is it on the way to your mouth or does your saliva activate the biscuit, turning it into Jesus? For example, could you go to a supermarket, open up a packet of biscuits, and go… [chomps] Jesus? Not judging. No, none of that offends me. Im not offended by your belief system. Believe what you want. I dont care. You know what offends me is those bastards that walk around with shoes that look like feet. fuck those people! Oh, my shoes look like feet. Look at that! Oh-ho! My shoes, they look like– Its like walking around in your bare feet. Oh, thats amazing. That must be amazing. What does that feel like? You want to impress me, you have feet that look like shoes. [laughter] Thats a way to look smart and save money at the same time. Oh, my shoes look like feet. You know the people Im talking about. The bastards that play Hacky Sack. Hey, hey, hey! Thats another thing that offends me–Hacky Sack. That is not a sport. That is not an activity. Its stoner foot juggling. My shoes look like feet. Actually, I want to tell you something. Ill get on with the show in a minute. I, um… Ill be fine. Itll all cut together. I was in Scotland recently, and I was in a toy store with one of my kids. I wasnt just hanging around in a toy store. [laughs] Hey, how you doing? Like my shoes? They look like feet, dont they? [laughter] I kind of creeped myself out there a little bit. No, I was in a toy store with one of my kids, and I saw that–in Scotland– and I saw that they have Hacky Sack in Scotland now, but theyve changed the name of it to make it sound more Scottish to market it to a Scottish audience. So its not called Hacky Sack. Its called, and Im not kidding, footbag. [laughter] Footbag! They have sucked all the joy and frivolity out of the activity and made it sound like an unpleasant medical procedure. Im afraid youre gonna have to have a footbag, Mr. Ferguson. Footbag. Come on, lets play footbag with the amputated scrotum of an Englishman. Ah, footbag. [laughter and applause] [laughs] Anyway, what Im saying is I dont like the people with the shoes that look like feet. I dont like that. You know the people Im talking about? The people that have got prescriptions for medical marijuana, but they dont really need it. Its like, Yeah, its for my anxiety. I get really anxious if Im not high. You know what? I dont want to even smoke marijuana anymore. I havent smoke marijuana in over 20 years, but at least when I did, it was illegal. You fucking pussies! You dont have the decency to buy your recreational drugs from a dangerous criminal in a truck stop bathroom. fuck you people! Oh, my shoes look like feet. Ah, ah, ah. I dont like that whole things are like other things way of life. I dont like it. You know, its like, my shoes look like feet. Oh, this tofu tastes like bacon. No, it doesnt! No, it doesnt! It tastes like feet. My shoes look like feet. This tofu tastes like bacon. This melon feels like a vagina. Actually, that–that is true. [laughs] Perhaps Ive said too much. What can I tell you? I was young. I was in love. It was Paris. It was springtime. Melons were in season. We saw each other over the produce counter. Heres a tip, by the way, if you are going to try the melon-vagina experiment. Please, allow the melon to reach room temperature first. [laughter] Dont just go straight to the refrigerator and get busy. Dont! Go out, see a movie or something. Get to know each other. Dont just go at it with a freezing-cold melon. I think thats what happened to Christopher Walken. [laughter] You know somebodys gonna be angry now. People get very angry usually when you talk about having sex with fruit. Oh, come on, Craig, thats disgusting. Its not even comedy. Its just disgusting. Yes. Yes, it is. If you are doing it correctly. Its not even comedy. My father used to say the same thing about music I liked when I was a kid. He was like, Thats not even music, son. Thats just a noise. Id be like, Thats what fucking music is, Dad. Its a noise. Oh, thats not even music. Its a noise. Cause I used to–cause I loved punk rock when I was a kid. We all did. It was like… ? fuck you to the queen ? ? fuck you to the queen, fuck you to the… ? ? fuck you to the queen ? ? The queen, ah, ah, ah, queen ? We were very angry at the queen… [laughter] Which I think must have confused the queen a great deal at the time. Shed be like, What the fuck? Why is everybody angry at me all of a sudden? This is the queen walking her dog. Painting a word picture. No, we were very angry at the queen. I cant remember why. We were young and therefore stupid. Thats right, young people, I called you stupid. Tell me how offended you are on Instagram. [laughter] Thats how you little fuckers deal with confrontation now, isnt it? Oh, yeah? Well, guess what. Ive got some things to say to you, and this is gonna be bad. Aah! Send. Anyway, my dad used to hate the music, cause I loved punk rock, and my dad hated it. He was like, Thats not even music, son. Its just a noise. Id be like, Dad, thats what music is. Its a noise. For example, I dont particularly enjoy the saxophone stylings of Kenny G, all right? I understand this is risky material. Stay with me. I dont–I dont care for Kenny G. Im not into it. I dont like all that… ? Fadoodle doodle do do do ? [laughter] ? Fadoodle doodle do do do ? But I admit, its music. Its just music that I dont want to hear. And its very difficult to avoid. Its fucking everywhere. Its in the hotel lobbies. Its in the elevators. Its the hold music for the hard-core gay chat lines. Its everywhere! What do you want? Melons, please. Hold on. ? Fadoodle doodle do ? You know, I didnt know that Kenny G was a real person for the longest time. I thought it was just a computer program that helped you relax… cause its been proven by science. Its been proven that the sound of Kenny G, that.. ? Fadoodle doodle ? That physically has an effect on you. That physically relaxes your muscles. ? Fadoodle doodle do ? ? Fadoodle doodle do do do ? Feel whats happening in your buttocks right now. ? Fadoodle doodle do ? ? Do do do-do do ? If I keep doing this, youll shit yourself. [humming] Some of you may be ahead of the curve, I dont know. ? Fadoodle doodle do do do ? I didnt think Kenny G was a real person until I met him. Shut up, Craig. You did not. You fucking shut up. I did. I did. There was a big Hollywood party, and there was some kind of a mix-up, cause I was invited. So I went, and… Kenny G was the entertainment. But it was the most amazing, like, type of performance Id ever seen in my life. It wasnt like, Ladies and gentlemen, Kenny G, and he came down the stairs. ? Fadoodle doodle do ? He didnt do that. He was just walking around the party fadoodling. Like… ? Fadoodle doodle do do do ? ? Fadoodle do ? Youd be talking to someone, and he would be like, I think I can hear Kenny– Oh, Kenny G! ? Fadoodle doodle do do do ? He was like Mr. Tumnus with his little hooves and his flute. ? Fadoodle doodle do do do ? It was the most amazing style of performance Id ever seen in my life. It was like he was there, but he was not there. Like he was in the room, but he wasnt in the room. It was like you had to believe in him, or your couldnt see him! [laughter] And then I figured out what the G stands for. God. Thats right. His full name is Kenneth God. Thats right. After you die, thats what you hear. ? Fadoodle doodle do do do ? For eternity. See, thats what proves that all artistic criticism is subjective and has no factual value, because for people who love Kenny G, thatd be Heaven. For people who hate Kenny G, itd be hell. You know, for example, if I die and I hear… ? Fadoodle doodle do ? Ill be like, Oh, shit. I totally misread that. But people who love Kenny G, theyd be like… ? Fadoodle doodle do do do ? Oh, its all been worth it. ? Fadoodle do ? And the biscuit does turn into Jesus? ? Fadoodle doodle do ? Some people love– You know who loves Kenny G… I was like, Thats weird. And then, No, it kind of makes sense. Is Bill Clinton loves Kenny G. But–No, he does, but it makes sense, cause you think, well, Bill Clintons a saxophone player and Kenny Gs a saxophone player, and then, of course, the seductive properties of the saxophone. You know, like… [imitating Bill Clinton] ? Fadoodle do ? ? Fadoodle doodle do ? ? Fadoodle, mm, uh ? [laughs] Baby, I can play your cooter like Kenny plays the tooter. Mm-hmm. ? Fadoodle, mm, uh ? ? Fadoodle, mm ? [laughter] I fully understand that 50% of the men in this room have no fucking idea what Im doing right now. Like, What the hell is he doing that fadoodling? That some kind of European shit? What is that? Fadoodle doodling. Of course, the real tragedy is about 10% of the women have no idea what Im doing either. What is he doing? Why do I like that so much? I just shit myself. [laughter] No, anyway, what Im saying is Kenny Gs performance– [laughs] Made myself laugh. Thats good. Kenny Gs performance was amazing. It was like he was there, but he was not there. Id never seen anything like it. I think Kenny G could have sex with you and you wouldnt even know. Am I moving too fast for you, son? Im one guy. Oh, Jesus, its a middle-aged white guy moving slowly from side to side. You would be the worst prisoner of war guard ever. [German accent] Vhere did zey go? I dont know. Zey were moving. [laughter] [normal voice] What Im saying is Kenny G could have sex with you and you wouldnt even know Kenny G. Hes that good. Youre just standing and talking to someone at the party, like, Mm-hmm, yes. Then its like… I think Ive just been surprise finger-banged. And you turn around, and Kennyd be walking away. ? Fadoodle doodle do do do ? ? Fadoodle do-do-do ? [laughter] Oh, is that the edge? Have we found the edge, New York? No, Craig! No, please! Dont pretend to smell a pretend smell off your finger! [laughter] [sniffs] [cheers and applause] [sniffs] Melon. Anyway, much as I hate the music of Kenny G, and I do, I much prefer it to the shit that kids are listening to now, all that kind of… ? Whoa oh oh ? ? Ooh ahh ahh ? ? The lights… ? ? Theres lights ? ? Lights ? ? The lights ? ? Yeah ? What the fuck is that? Thats not music. Thats just a noise. And then this, the dancing, the… ? Ah ah-ah ah ah-ah ah-ah ah-ah-ah ? The twerking, the… ? Ah ah-ah-ah ? Thats not a dance. Thats not erotic. Thats like when the dog has worms, and hes trying to wipe his ass on the carpet. ? Ah ah-ah-ah ? Whats wrong with Miley? The poor kids got worms, wiping her ass on the carpet. I dont like the way the dog holds eye contact when hes doing that. Ah. Oh. Yeah, rou rike rat, dont you? Now, look, I am fully aware that attacking the music of young people makes me an old geezer. And its true. I fucking am. Im 52 years old. 52. [cheers and applause] Stop! Dont. Dont. Do not. That is very rude. When somebody says their age, you go, Oh, 52, still alive. Look at you walking around. Did he shit his pants? Only a little bit. [laughter] Im a member of the AARP. I dont want to be. I dont want to be. They just make you a member. You turn 50, you are in. Im like, No, no, thanks. I dont want to be. Theyre like, Yeah, youre in. Come on. Come on. Actually, it starts when youre 49 1/2. You come out in the mornings, and you see on your driveway little tennis ball marks. Theyve been there during the night. [groaning] Soon. One of us. One of us. [laughter] Nothing against the AARP. Theyre a fine organization. They do a lot of good work for charity. I just dont want to be in your club. I dont want to be in anybodys club. I particularly dont want to be in your club when the only requirement for membership is starting to look like your own scrotum. Did you ever see me in that late-night show and go, I wonder what his balls look like? This. Maybe a bit down on that side, but for the most part… Its true. For my next drivers license photograph, I can just stick a camera down my pants, photograph my scrotum, and put it on the license. And then when the cops pull me over, theyll be like, Hey, wait a minute. This was taken a while ago, wasnt it? [laughter] I look at myself in the mirror sometimes, Im like, Why are my balls wearing a tie? Oh, no. [laughter] I have to shave like I shave down there now… very carefully. I have to spread the skin and go like that and spread the skin and go like that. Do not judge me! I have to shave there because of all the gray hair. If I dont, it looks like two prunes lost in the fog. [laughter] Actually, maybe not. Maybe it looks like one little prune is lost, and a big prune is helping him through the fog. [laughs] Im scared, mister. Ill get you there, son. Dont worry. Anyway, Ive thought of a way of combating the aging process. Its a fantastic idea. Im surprised no ones thought of it before. Im gonna get a great deal of plastic surgery. (audience) No! Yes. Yes, I am. Im gonna get it. People usually get very angry. No! We dont really mean it. We think you should. People usually get very angry when you say youre gonna get plastic surgery. Theyre like, Oh, come on, Craig. How can you be so vain? How can you be so vain to get plastic surgery? Im like, Im not vain. I just want to look good. You dont go up to somebody whos had a haircut and go, How can you get your hair cut? Youre so vain. Did you buy new pants? You are so vain. I cant believe you. Actually, thats not true. I get a bit of that when I go back to Scotland. Theyre like, Oh, aye, here he comes now– Mr. 36 Teeth. [laughter] Everybody wants to look good. The only people that genuinely dont give a shit about how they look are, paradoxically, nudists. [laughter] Which is weird, but they dont. Theyre like, Ah, fuck it, lets play volleyball. Ha ha! Yeah! Come on, lets grill some sausages. I went to a nude beach once in Portugal. It was fan– Well, I went– I was 23 years old. I was on vacation in Portugal, and I saw this sign for a nude beach that said nude beach in Portuguese, but I read Portuguese, so… (man) Yay! Thanks. Thanks, gullible stoner in the second row. [laughter] Yeah, Im high, and Im also Portuguese. Really? Well, youll know what the sign said, then. It said, nudo beacho. Are you also a nudist? – No. – Oh, okay. Cause I just like the idea of you sitting there as a Portuguese nudist, and I said, Everybodys gonna be offended. And you thought to yourself, Not me, my friend. Anyway, I went to this nude beach, cause I thought itd be fantastic. I thought, well, itll be full of beautiful, young Portuguese and Spanish and French women all saying, Craig, help us put suntan lotion on. Use your thumb, Craig. Do anything. But there are no beautiful, young people on the naked beaches of Europe. Save your vacation dollar. Theres only Germans… [laughter] Overweight Germans of indeterminate gender. You cant tell–Even when the volleyball starts, youre like, Oh, oh, nope. Could go either way. I dont know. Germans walking up and down… [German accent] Mm, I love to feel the sun on my pleasure organs. [laughter] Oh, look, a shell. [normal voice] Theres your first-row ticket price right there, lady. You know, people say to me, Craig, why do you always use a German accent to imply sexual perversion? Well, theres two reasons, really. One, come on, and… Nah, its a ridiculous stereotype. I know it is, but its just because of something that happened to me at a pivotal age. I was, like– Actually, its a New York story. Its the first time– I met a German person the first time I came to New York as an adult. It was 1983, and it was the first time I had come here unsupervised. 1983, a flight from Glasgow to Newark, New Jersey. And there I took a bus. I didnt have much money. Took a bus from Newark right into 42nd Street Port Authority Bus Station. And I was so excited. It was fantastic. It was like, Oh, Im so happy to be in… ? New York ? ? New York, New York ? ? Who will be my friend? ? ? This is so exciting ? r outfit and everything. Now, this is Manhattan in 1983. Now its different. Now its like fucking Disneyland. You guys will all be fine tonight. Youll be able to get home. Nobodyll kill ya, maybe, but… [mumbles] Nobodys looking at any danger on the way home, but in 1983, it wasnt like Disneyland around here. It was like fucking Game of Thrones out there. [laughter and applause] Its very different. Ah! Ha ha! It was wild, and I got out– I was 19. I got out at Port Authority Bus Station, I was out, and it was, like, 42nd Street 1983 all the way down one side, all the way down the other side, peep shows. Thats all there were, peep shows. I didnt know what they were, cause we didnt have peep shows in Scotland. Its illegal to even think about peeping. I didnt know what they were. I thought they might be something dirty, because they had this, you know, the kind of silhouette of the lady outside, like that. I thought, Ooh, its either something dirty, or its where truckers go to get their mud flaps. Either way, Im in. So I thought, Ill go to this peep show. So I run up to the first peep show, and theres a guy sitting on a stool outside of it. Hes got one arm, and his sleeve is taped to his jacket. Hes got an eye patch and a parrot and a hook and– And hes like, Ah! It was like, Hey, mister, I want to go to the peep show. I had the hat with the little propeller on it and everything. [laughter] Now, let me explain. If you dont understand what a peep show is– Some of you are too young to understand what a peep show is. Let me explain. A peep show– before the Internet, people had to forage for their porn. Back then, perverts were hunter-gatherers, going from place to place. A peep show– it was amazing. Youre in this peep show, and you put a quarter into a slot, and a little letter box, a little kind of mail thing, mailbox thing opened up, and inside was a room, and this room was an angry, middle-aged lady in her underwear, smoking a cigarette, saying, What the fuck you looking at? Then is slipped down again. It was the most erotic thing Id ever seen in my life! I, like, put all my money in. [groaning] Anyway, thats not the German thing. What happened was I was– I was in there, and I ran out of quarters, and I thought, Im gonna have to make friends here. I cant stay here all day, much as I want to. So I started to panic, cause I thought, I dont know how to make friends in this town. Then I thought, Well, do what you would do in Glasgow. Glasgows a working-class town. Im a working-class man. What would you do in Glasgow to meet people? Id go to a workingmans bar. So I looked down 42nd Street in 1983 for a workingmans bar, and I see one. I can tell its a workingmans bar, cops are going in there. Construction workers are going in there. Some Native Americans are going in there. I didnt even know there were tribes left in Manhattan. This is great. And I went in this bar. It was very dark, and it was all guys. I thought, Well, where are the women at? And then I looked over, and all the women were over there. I said, Good evening, ladies. Theyre like… [deep voice] Hey, whats up? And then– I was like, Oh, its a gay bar. All right, well, okay, Ill just finish my drink, which Im about to order, and then Ill leave. I was wearing my sailor outfit. I looked great. I was sitting up at the bar, and this guy came up to me, and he said… [German accent] Hello. I said, Hello. He said, I am German. I said, I know. I can tell from your hat. Cause he was wearing, and Im not kidding, a leather hat with a spike coming out of it. I was like, Too soon, girl. [laughter] So he said, Can I ask you something? And I said, Sure, and then he said the dirtiest thing Ive ever heard in my life, before or since. Now, dont get mad at me, cause this is what he actually said, right? Im just reporting. He said–he said, and I quote, Can I ask you something? I said, Yes. He said, Can I kiss you where it stinks, und I dont mean Cleveland. And I was like… What? Whos Cleveland? Anyway, hes a lovely man. We still keep in touch, but thats why– Christmas cards and stuff. Thats why I think of the German thing. Thats not the point. I was talking about plastic surgery. And Im gonna get a lot of it. Now, the thing is, about plastic surgery is, you have to get good plastic surgery, cause if you get bad plastic surgery, you look like the dog with his head out the car window. You have to have good plastic surgery. Now, I live in Los Angeles, which has a lot of plastic surgeons, but not very many of them are any good, and these guys– Theres only about four of them, I think, that are any good. And theyre not just doctors. Theyre like sculptors. They have a style. They have a look. So what happens is that people start looking similar. People start looking related. Im telling you, you go to Beverly Hills at any time of the day, it looks like theres only four families that live there. And people start looking related from different ethnic groups. They look like they could– I mean, its amazing. Im like, Wow. Ive seen this with my own eyes. Cher and Bruce Jenner could be sisters. [audience groans] Anyway, I thought it was just a Hollywood rumor, cause I hear all these Hollywood rumors, and theyre usually bullshit, you know. I mean, cause I meet these people, and I go, Oh, thats bullshit. Like, the rumor that Id heard for years– For years, Id heard the rumor about Richard Gere, the actor, Richard Gere. Did you ever hear that rumor? I mean, this predates the Internet, this rumor. Yeah, I think it was a German guy in a bar in New York told me this. For years, this rumor was going around that apparently, for sexual pleasure, Richard Gere put a gerbil or a hamster in his ass, you know, for sex– for his sexual pleasure, not the–I dont think the rodent gets anything out of it. Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! Yeah! [applause] No. No, this is the rumor that apparently the actor Richard Gere would put this stuff– And I never questioned it. I just went, Oh, I didnt know that. Oh, gosh, people are so strange, arent they? And then I meet the actor Richard Gere, and its in my fucking head when Im shaking the mans hand. Im thinking, I wonder if he has a rodent– No! Of course he doesnt have a rodent in his ass! Im talking to this guy. I dont even think he has a pet. [laughter] At least I didnt see one. Come to think of it, I might have heard… [high-pitched voice] Help me. Send cheese. Ill tell you what does happen in Hollywood, if youre there for any length of time, though. What happened to me– a very strange thing, is that you will eventually meet someone who was a hero to you when you were a child, and that is very, very strange. Now, it happened to me just very early on. Id only been there about 18 months, and I was working on The Drew Carey Show. You guys remember The Drew Carey Show? [cheers and applause] Right. The Drew Carey Show, if you remember, it was basically– you know, most of the time it was just Drew and Kathy Kinney, the actress who played Mimi, and they would, you know, fight each other, and I played the English boss, Mr. Wick. And Id come in and go, Carey, youre fired, once a week, and then– then Id go to my trailer and play with fruit… [laughter] For a week. So I was bored. They were nice people, but I was bored. So what I did in order to pass the time– We made The Drew Carey Show on the Warner Brothers Studio lot, which is a huge studio lot. They make everything there. You know, movies and TV shows, everything. So what I did was I started reading the screenplays, the scripts to movies that were in production at the time. You know, just to pass the time. This is about 18 years ago. And it was a very interesting point, I read a screenplay to a movie called Twister. You guys remember that movie Twister, about the tornado and the cows, like, Ooh, tornado? Well, it was very interesting cause the script was rubbish, but the movie was shit. [laughter] So I thought, Well, thats what Ill do to pass the time. Ill write screenplays. I dont know if I can write any better than this but its scientifically impossible to write anything worse. So I wrote some screenplays, and they did okay, and we made them into movies, and one of the movies did really well, And this is where you meet your hero thing. There was a movie I did called Saving Grace, and it did very well. Good movie, did well, we won the Sundance Film Festival. It made a little money. And after it had been in the theaters for about a month, I got a phone call from a lovely upper-class Englishwoman, who said, Hello, my names Victoria. And I was like, ooh, half chub. [laughter] Ive always had a thing for upper-class Englishwomen They really do it for me. I always enjoy doing to them what their ancestors did to my ancestors… but with more kissing. So this lovely woman said, Hello, my names Victoria. I loved your film Saving Grace. It was like, Thank you very much. She said, Yes, I run Mick Jaggers film company. Mick Jagger! Yes, its true. Mick Jagger, my hero when I was a kid. I had an 8-foot poster of Mick Jagger on my bedroom wall for years, you know, the one where hes like… Mick Jagger! It was like, What? She said, Yes, Mick loved your film too. I was like, Oh, thats great. She went, Yes. Actually, Micks had an idea for a movie, and he thinks you might be the right person to write the screenplay. He was wondering, may he call you? I said… Yes. Yes, he may call me. So– This is all true, I swear. So we set the time up, and a couple days later, Im waiting by the phone. Im nervous, and Im kind of– And Mick Jagger called me himself. And thats not easy for him to do with the little hands, but he did it. And I tried to break the ice with a joke. It was a stupid thing to say, but I said, Hello, Mick. Victoria tells me youre a singer. [laughter] And he kind of went… [groans] I was like, Oh, Im blowing it already. And then he said, All right, well, Ive had an idea for a film. I was like, Oh, what? And he went, Well, heres my idea, all right? I was like, Okay. Right. I think he was doing that. I could sort of hear it. He went, Yeah, Ive got an idea for a film, here it is. What it is, is its about a rock star and a roadie. And what happens is, for some reason, they have to swap places, and then they have an adventure. I was like, Go on. And he did. He went on, and he described the story, which as I was listening to it, I realized that he was saying beat for beat, almost word for word, the story of The Prince and the Pauper, written by Mark Twain about 150 years previously. What the fuck am I gonna say? Its Mick Jagger, my childhood hero. What am I gonna say? Look, if Sean Connery calls me up and says, Craig, Ive got an idea for a film. Its called Treasure Island. Its about a pirate called Long Sean Connery. Hes got a parrot and shit. Id be like, Great idea, Sean Connery. How did you come up with that? Well, I was just watching a movie, and it came to me. Anyway, so Mick Jagger– This is true. Mick Jaggers talking about his movie idea, and I pitch a couple of ideas in. And he says–Im not kidding. This really happened. He goes, Actually, I think you are the right person to write the screenplay. Can you meet me next Wednesday and well get started? You know, well spitball and get ideas going and stuff and get going. I was like, Yes. He went, All right. Victoria will set it up, and he hangs up. Now, this is about 17 years ago. Its not easy for him to do that either. And its about 17 years ago, and The Rolling Stones at the time are on the Bridges to Babylon tour. Its a big, giant world tour. Theyre going all over the place, and I find out, next Wednesday theyre gonna be in Istanbul, Turkey. I cant go to Istanbul, Turkey. Ive got to walk onstage in Burbank and say, Carey, youre fired, and then go fuck a melon. Ive got a job! [laughter] But I go to see Drew, because Drew Carey was my boss then. Hes my friend now. Weve been friends for 20 years. Hes a beautiful human being. I love Drew very, very much indeed. To be honest, I preferred it when he was fat and unhappy, but what are you gonna do? So… anyway, I go and see Drew, and Drews great. And I tell him about Mick Jagger, and hes like, fuck, are you kidding me, man? Take the week off. Go to Istanbul, Turkey. Meet Mick Jagger. Im like, Right, buddy, I will. And just as Im leaving–and you can check on the Internet to prove its true– Joe Walsh, the guitarist with The Eagles, was doing some comedy bits on The Drew Carey Show at the time. And Joe Walsh is an amazing rock star. Hes a fantastic guitarist. ? Hotel California ? [hums] Hes an amazing guy, charming gentleman, lovely person, but he had a very big 1980s. [laughter] And the whole period has left him a little bit Jim from Taxi. [laughter] So Joe hears that Im gonna meet Mick Jagger, and he says, Say hi to Mick for me. I said, Do you know him? He said, I think so. I was like, You think so? He said, I think I partied with him in the 80s, but I may just have seen him on TV. I was like, All right, whatever. So I head off to Istanbul, Turkey. Its a very long way from Los Angeles, Istanbul. First, a 12-hour flight to London, and Im sitting in coach– it was a long flight. It was bumpy, and the kids behind me, Aah. And I was all tweaked and nervous. The its a 4-hour layover in Heathrow in London. Very difficult to change planes in London because the English are fucking bastards! And then I get on a smaller plane, a smaller plane to go to Istanbul. Its another four hours. And the kids behind me, and its turbulent, and the chickens are falling out of the overhead luggage. Then I get to– I havent slept in 24 hours. Im tweaked, and Im nervous, and Im all kind of– And I get to Istanbul at night, and I come out of the airport, and its unbelievable, its amazing. The minarets and the towers and the… [chanting] Cause The Lion King was in Istanbul at the time. And I jump in a cab, and the taxi driver says, [Transylvanian accent] Where do you want to go? [normal voice] Because Dracula was driving a cab! [laughter] [Transylvanian accent] I want to take you to your destination. [laughs] [normal voice] And I said, Take me to– The Rolling Stones were staying, and Im not kidding– They were staying at the Istanbul Hilton. The good one, not the one by the airport. So… This is all true. So I get to the Istanbul Hilton. I tipped Dracula. Hes like, Thank you. And then I go into the reception of the hotel, and Big Jim Sullivan, head of Rolling Stones security at the time, lovely, big cockney gent, hes like, You the bloke whos here to see Mick? I went, Yeah. He went, Yeah, hes waiting for you. Hes in the penthouse suite. Go into the elevator, press PH, and itll take you up to the penthouse suite. I was like, All right, all right. So I get in the elevator, and I press PH, and the doors close. And Im like, ? Fadoodle doodle do do do ? ? Fadoodle doodle do ? [sniffs] ? Fadoodle do ? And the doors open, and Im on the penthouse floor, and I knock on the door to the penthouse suite, and the door is answered by Mick Jagger himself. And thats not easy for him to do with the little hands, but he did it. And my world went into freefall. I was like, Wha– Wha– Because in my bedroom and in my mind, the guys 8 foot tall. Hes a huge giant– 8 foot, ah, like that. I never questioned it. I never thought– I thought he would be at least this height. Hes not. Hes a tiny, little man. Tiny! So I was like, Aah! I was like, Dont say anything! Dont say anything! Dont say anything! Dont say anything! Dont say anything! Dont say anything! And then I said something. I shouldnt have said it. I couldnt help myself. I couldnt help myself. I said it. I wish I hadnt said it. But I said, Oh, youre adorable. [laughter] And he went, Yeah, come in. Come on. So I go into the penthouse suite of the Istanbul Hilton– I swear this is true–and I start talking to Mick Jagger about the movie were gonna make together. Im thinking, This is really happening. I didnt take acid. Its really happening. And we talked for a little while, and then it got a little awkward, because he said, Actually, Im a little bit hungry. Are you hungry, Craig? I was like, Yes, I am hungry, Mick Jagger. He was like, All right, Ill call room service, which is not easy for me to do with my little hands. [laughs] Im such a dick. Im sorry. So, you know, he calls room service. Now, the room service guys got the little panel in front of him, and the room service guy knows who it is calling. I can hear him freaking out. Hes like… [Indian accent] Oh, my God, I am so totally freaking out right now. [normal voice] Now, to be fair, he was an Indian guy that had moved to Istanbul with his boyfriend, Dracula, and they were trying to make their way– Look, its a different story for a different night. So Micks on the phone, and it got really awkward, cause hes looking at the room service menu, and he said, Yeah, Id like to order a– This is what he said. He said, Id like to order a quesa-dilla, please. And I was like, Ah– [laughter] Would you like a quesa-dilla, Craig? I was like, Quesa-dilla sounds lovely, Mick, thank you. All right, two quesa-dillas and a chocolate Yoo-hoo? Two chocolate Yoo-hoos and a Butterfinger? Oh, just one Butterfinger. All right, we can share. And he hung up, which is not easy. And then 20 minutes later, the entire staff of the hotel and Dracula came in with the room-service order. They laid it out, and Mick was very nice. He did the photographs and the autographs with them and all that, and they went away, and then I had my quesa-dilla, cause thats what I call them now. I had my– Mick had his. [chomping] [laughter] [chomping] Like that. Like something out of Richard Geres ass! [chomps] No, thats too much. It wasnt like that at all. Im sorry I said that. Thats too–Forget that. Well cut that out. So… [laughs] So, anyway, were having our quesa-dillas, and then we continue to talk about the idea that Mick had that Mark Twain had 150 years before him. And then– and this really happened. After a few hours, he goes, Oh, well have to stop now. And I was like, All right. And he went, No, its just that I have to go to a party. I was like, Okay. And then he said, Do you want to come? And I said, Yes, Mick Jagger of The fucking Rolling Stones… [laughter] I will go to a party with you. He went, All right, then, come on! So we get in his car, and we drive to the party, Well, someone drives us. Mick cant drive, you know, with the little hands. So we get to the party. And the party is being held at, Im not kidding, the British Consulate in Istanbul, The British Embassy in Istanbul, and theyre throwing a reception for The Rolling Stones, cause theyre proud of them. And the British Embassy, of course, is guarded by the British Army. And the British Army is the same as any other army in the world. The U.S. Army, French, German, every army in the world shares one rule, which is nobody fucking tells anybody anything ever, particularly if it would avoid embarrassment. So the soldiers have been told that someone famous is coming to a party. They have not been told who it is. So we get to the party, and I get out of the car first. And the first person to see us is a big staff sergeant from Glasgow in Scotland, and he recognizes me from local television. [cheers and applause] Swear to God. And he says–he says, Bloody hell. Craig Ferguson, what are you doing here? And Mick Jagger is standing right fucking there. And heres the thing… Mick did not handle it well. He was like, Whats going on? That is so rude. And I can understand. I mean, hes not used to that kind of thing. Hes always the most famous guy in the room, always. If Mick Jagger walks into a bar with the Pope, the bartender would be like, Hello, Mick. Whos your friend with the big hat? Hes always the most famous guy. That band became famous in 1962, the year I was born, when dinosaurs ruled the Earth! Actually, thats probably where he got that, Ahh. So he was really mad. He was like, That is so rude. Im so annoyed. [laughter] I was like, Let it go, man. He was like, I will not let it go. I will not let it go. He started Riverdancing. I will not let it go. 98% of this story is true. No, he wouldnt let it go. He was really annoyed. And then I said something I really shouldnt have said. I was like, Oh, let it go, man. He was like, No, I will not let it go. I was like, Stop being such a fucking queen. Anyway, we didnt make the movie. [laughter] But thats not–Im kind of painting it like hes a dick. And hes not a dick. Hes fine. Hes all right. We actually tried to make the movie for a while. We tried for about a year. I was, you know, working in Burbank, and then I was on tour with The Rolling Stones. It was very strange. And, you know, I would write pages of the script, and Id give em to Mick, and he would read them, and he would always give me them back, and he would always have the same note, which is, Can it be darker? It has to be darker, you know, more edgy, dark, more edgy. And Id try and make it darker and more edgy and give it back to him, and hed go, No, darker, more edgy. Im like, How dark and edgy can it be, man? Its the fucking Prince and the Pauper. He was like, No, darker, more edgy. And Im typing, and darker, more edgy. Eventually I went to the Mark Twain story, just started typing the fucker out, you know. This guys a better writer than anyone else, anyway. Lets do this. But he kept saying it– Darker, more edgy. Darker, more edgy. So eventually I went too far. I made his character a serial killer with Tourettes syndrome. [laughter] And he fired me. But even as hes firing me, Im thinking, Getting fired by Mick Jagger… Im on my way. But heres the thing. [applause] Because I was with them for about a year, I got to know how that band works pretty well, and I was surprised by what I found out, cause I was– Like everybody else, I think, I thought The Rolling Stones was, you know, it was Mick Jagger and Keith Richards band, or maybe it was Mick Jaggers band, but its not. Its Keith Richards band. Keith Richards runs that shit. Mick Jagger is the singer in Keith Richards band. People think Keith Richards is some out-of-control junkie. And theres an element of truth to that, but… But hes tough, Keith Richards, as well. Hes a very tough guy. Hes south London. Hes like, What the fuck? Ill fuck you up, all right? [mumbles] fuck you, man. Hes fucking tough. Hes like Jason Statham in drag or something. Hes like, fucking– Hes tough, and people are scared of him. And and he runs that outfit. You can check. This is true. This happened when I was there. Keith Richards put Ronnie Wood into rehab. He made Ronnie go into rehab. How bad is your problem, though, if you have to walk into a rehab center and say, Keith Richards thinks I might be an alcoholic. Keith Richards said this? Yeah, he also thinks I do too much heroin. Keith Richards said this? Quick, get in here, man. But theyre frightened of him. Everyones frightened of Keith cause hes so tough. And I found this out, cause I was asking Mick– What I wanted to do when I was writing this screenplay is I wanted to get on the stage with The Rolling Stones one night. I was just gonna stand next to Charlies drum riser and watch the audience. I thought I could write it in if I could see it. And Mick was like, Uh, no. No, you cant go on the stage. I was like, Why not? He was like, Keith dont like people on the stage, and Im afraid of him. I was like, What? He went, Yeah, he could hurt me. Hes very strong. And Im afraid of him. I was like, Oh, okay. So I started asking the roadies if they could sneak me onstage, and all the roadies are like, No, we cant sneak you on the stage. No, sorry, mate. Sorry, governor. No, Mary Poppins, we couldnt do it. No, we cant get you on the stage. No, we couldnt do it, sir, because Keith would hurt us. Hes very strong, you see, sir, very strong. No, Oliver, you cant have any more! No! Hes very, very strong. He would kill us. Everyone who works for The Rolling Stones used to be in Monty Python, so… But eventually one night I made it happen. We were in a beautiful town in northern Spain, a town called Santiago del Compostela– beautiful town, and what I did was I bribed the local Spanish security guards to let me get on the stage. And I was up next to Charlies drum riser looking at the 60,000 Spanish rock fans. It was amazing. Theyre like… [imitating crowd cheering] Which is how Spanish people express gratitude. They go, Ahh, which can be a bit disconcerting if you hold a door open for someone in Madrid, and they go, Ahh. Am I right, guy from Portugal? Yeah! [Transylvanian accent] You know, hes right about, Ahh. So I was next to Charlies drum riser, and Charlie doesnt know Im there. To be honest, Charlie doesnt really know hes there. Charlie had a big 1980s as well and 60s and 70s and 90s and kind of now. So Charlies doing his thing that he always does. Hes like… [laughter] ? Gas, gas, gas ? Hes doing his thing, and Mick is down in the front. Hes going… [humming] And Keiths where he always is. Keiths doing his thing. Hes like… [grumbles] ? Ooh, Ill fuck you up ? [humming] And hes smoking a cigarette, and the smoke is coming up like that. And hes got cigarette on the machine heads of his guitar and the smokes coming up like that. Hes got a cigarette coming out of his boot, and the smokes coming out like that. Hes wearing a skull earring and the skull is smoking a cigarette. Smoke is all around him. He looks like Pigpen. Hes like… [growls] And hes playing away, and he turns around, and, boom, he looks right at me and locks eyes, and Im like, Shit. Im gonna die. And he doesnt break eye contact. He doesnt stop playing, but he starts slowly moving towards me. [humming] And I can hear the roadies on their headsets going, What the fuck is going on? Keith is moving! Keith is moving! Keith hasnt moved in 40 years! What the fuck is going on? And hes getting closer and closer, slowly across the stage. Hes like… [hums] Hes like a slow comet moving. And he got right up close to me, and I thought, Im gonna die. And he got this close, and this is exactly what happened. He went, Hello, mate. [laughter] So I went back in time to my bedroom in Scotland when I was a little boy, I took down the poster of Mick Jagger. I put up the poster of Keith Richards, and I went, Thats the fucking rock star in that band. [cheers and applause] It changed my Weltanschauung. Anyway, the thing thats freaking me out about all this– Now, cause you really know its Keiths band. I mean, I traveled around in their jet. They have a jet, but its– Of course they have a jet, but its not like a little private jet. They rent a 757 from the airlines. And you can tell its Keiths band, because Keith and all his friends sit in first class, and Mick has to sit in coach. And I know thats true, cause I was sitting next to him. And he likes to pretend its his idea. Hes like, Yeah, I like sitting here because I can reach the table and the seat-back in front of me… And enjoy… Well, these are very good sizes, these bottles, arent they? This is a proper size. I dont like these big, giant bottles. They frighten me, but these bottles are just perfect for my little hands and my tiny, little mouth. [laughter] Whats freaking me out is, I thought, God, these guys are so old. But now I am almost the age that they were when I met them. Im like, What the fuck happened? One minute its… ? fuck the queen, fuck you to the queen ? Next minute, some guy has a finger in your ass. A doctor. A doctor has his finger in your ass. I like my doctor. Hes a very good doctor. Hes only got one flaw, in that he thinks hes funny, which is not great. I enjoy a joke as much as anyone, but there are times in life when I believe levity is inappropriate. And I believe the prostate exam is one of those times. Cause hes got a joke that he likes to do when hes doing it. Im like, Dont do that joke. Its a horrible joke. Hes like, No, its a great joke. Everybody loves that joke. Im like, Nobody likes the joke. They put up with it because youre a great doctor. Hes like, Come on! This is his joke. He gives you the prostate exam, and he says, Say my name, bitch. Im like, Its not funny, man. I dont think thats funny. And I said to him last time I got the exam, I was like, Dont say it, all right? It kind of freaks me out. Hes like, Okay, I dont need to say it. But I think he does need to say it. I think its a kind of OCD thing, cause he gave me the exam, and he went… [whispering] Say my name, bitch. Im like, You know what? Its worse if you whisper it! Anyway, its not the prostate exam that makes you old. Its your attitude to it. This is what I mean. Like, the last time I got the prostate exam, he finished, and he said, Actually, I have to say, Craig, for a man your age, you have a very smooth prostate. And this is how I know Im old, because I was proud. I was, like, going up to girls in the supermarket, Hey. Ive got a smooth prostate. Want to touch it? I do have a very smooth prostate, though. Its true, you part my butt cheeks, youll hear Kenny G. [laughter] ? Fadoodle doodle do ? No, when you turn 50, its not a finger anymore, its a camera. They put a camera in your ass. I think the older you get, the more things the medical profession feels they have to shove into your ass. Like, when you get to about 80, theyre like, Were just gonna drive up in a little minivan, take a look around. Dont worry. Itll be perfectly painless. Its gonna be midgets, midgets will be inside the van, and theyre gonna look around with binoculars, tiny, little binoculars. No, they put a camera in your ass. I mean, its a tiny, little fiber-optic thing. Its not like the old days, you know, with the… Look out, Hitler, bad news coming your way. No, its a tiny, tiny, little camera. Tiny, little camera. But its kind of like– Its not the camera so much as the night before, because in order for them to look around your colon, they have to clean it out first. So they give you what they call the super laxative, right? Yeah. Its not that super. This is a prescription laxative. You cant just go and buy this laxative. You need a–And its not just a regular prescription either. Its a prescription written on a parchment by a monk. Its written with a big, feathery pen. And then he writes it, and then the prescription is delivered to the pharmacy by owl. And then the pharmacist puts on the big leather gloves and goes to the back and opens the giant circular door and the dry ice goes like that, and they take out the super laxative and they bring it towards you. I was sitting with this laxative on the kitchen table, and my wife and kids are watching me, going, Go on, then. Whens daddy gonna splode? And I took this thing, and after about 45 minutes, I was like, Oh, shit! fuck. fuck. fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, f… fuck. And then it stopped, and I thought, Well, that wasnt so bad. It was bad, but it wasnt that bad. Then at one hour, 15, I was like… [gasps] Aah! It was like the fucking Matrix. I was like… Ba-boom. No! [imitates whooshing] It was like a mattress sale– Everything must go! Aah! Aah! There was haggis in there from 1974! Aah! And then everything went white, and I saw the spirit of the great buffalo coming toward me. Then I was back in it again. Aah! [imitates whoosh] And then it was over, and I felt so clean. I felt holy! And I knew then that the biscuit does turn into Jesus! [cheers and applause] And then I went to the doctor the next day, and they put a camera in your bumby, but its not– Its an amazing piece of equipment. Its not just a camera. Its a little thing. They move it around, and in order for it to move around your bumby, you know, they have to puff up your colon with a little air, so its goes… [imitating air hissing] And they move it, and it goes… They move it… [imitating air hissing] Depending on the shape of your colon, you know. I mean, it could be… [imitating air hissing] But the thing is, when theyre finished and they take the camera out, theres a great deal of air left in your colon. And its gonna come out, and theres only one exit. [laughter] But heres the thing, its so clean in there, you pass gas, it smells sensational. I mean, its like a rich lady walked into the room. It was like… [imitates flatulence] Oprah? Is Oprah here? And then because theres a history of some cancers in my family, they had to actually knock me out and give me the throat camera first and then the bumby camera. I fucking hope they did the throat camera first. [laughter] Nah, I think, legally, they have to give you the throat camera first. Otherwise youd be like… I taste Oprah. [laughter] No, here, look, thats… But the thing is, because they gave me this thing– I dont want to, you know, upset anyone, and I dont want to surprise you, but I took a lot of drugs in my life. But until this point, I had never taken legal drugs. Id always had illegal street drugs. Legal drugs are so much better. Like, its not even the same game. Theyre fucking unbelievable. Respect, seniors. Its unbelievable. Theyre much better. They gave me a drug called propofol. Its an amazing drug. It was the drug that killed poor Michael Jackson. God rest him. He got addicted to it. And, you know, I can understand. I can see how that would happen. I mean, I had it once, once, and I was like… ? He he ? And coming off–When you come off a street drug, you know, its kind of like being Daffy Duck in the cartoons. Youre like… [babbling] So scratchy, so scratchy. Like something out of Richard Geres–Never mind. Look, its… But coming off a legal drug is like, Hey… how are you? I was so high. I was in this little post-op room, and I was in there, and I remember saying this. My wife came in, and I remember saying– I was just so high, I said, Hey, baby. Its the summer of love. And my wifes from a Scottish family, so she said what a Scottish woman says when you tell her its the summer of love. She said, Oh, is it? Will he need a footbag, Doctor? [laughter] I was like, Oh, I feel so… [imitates flatulence] You smell that, baby? Isnt that beautiful? Thats the way its gonna be from now on. Youre gonna beg me for a Dutch oven now, baby. [laughter] And when you are that high, like, so high, they come in and show you a movie of the inside of your ass, which is the perfect time to see a movie of the inside of your ass. I was like, Oh, yes! And because I got mine done in Hollywood, it was, you know, letterbox format, score by Danny Elfman, surprise cameo by Gwyneth Paltrow. [laughter] I was like, Oh! We should totally play Dark Side of the Moon while were watching this. It would sync up, man. It would sync up. ? In through your ass ? [humming Pink Floyds Money] ? Its a gas ? Ha ha! Ooh, fuck, I never told you the joke. All right, heres the joke. The best joke in the world, apparently. I dont know. I dont think its that good a joke. Youll decide. I dont think its that great. Its a joke which takes place on a golf course. Ive recently started playing golf, which is unusual for a 52-year-old Scotsman. Usually, they start earlier, but its how I rebelled when I was a kid. They were all playing golf all the time. This is how they play it in Scotland. They played golf all the time, at home, at work, during sex. Theres no sex in Scotland. Its a shame, because Scottish women are very attractive. At least I think they are. Ive never seen one with her coat off. [laughter] Nothing here for you, Craig. Just tweed all the way down. [laughter] Tweed and potatoes. Tweed, potatoes, and a footbag. I kind of turned myself on a little bit there. Anyway, so it takes place on a golf course. Its actually Scottish people in the joke. Well, look, heres the joke. Its on the 18th hole of a golf course. Its a grudge match between two guys who just hate each other very– and its a putt for the game on the 18th hole, very tense moment. And the guys about to take the putt, and he looks up, and he sees a funeral procession going by. So he stops what hes doing, takes off his hat, and says a prayer for the dearly departed. And his opponent says, I have to say, that is one of the most beautiful and touching things Ive ever seen. And he says, Well, we were married 35 years. I feel its only right. [cheers and applause] And there you are. Thats it. The best joke in the world. [cheers and applause] Thank you so much, New York. I love you. Ill see you next time. Ill bring my sign. Thanks a lot. Good night, everybody. [cheers and applause] [bagpipe music] ? ? [upbeat rock music] ? ? (boy) Good one, Daddy!

KEVIN BRIDGES@A WHOLE DIFFERENT STORY@2015@Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Kevin Bridges! APPLAUSE Yes, thank you, Glasgow! Saturday night, Glasgow. Thank you. Yes, welcome, welcome, welcome along. The Hydro. Wow! This place! […] Well done for coming to something. Well done, good for you. Well done. Its difficult, coming to something. I dont underestimate for a second the challenges involved. Its a lot of effort. I dont think we ever take the time to show our appreciation for the heroes in there, and the unsung heroes, people amongst you who organise these nights, people who know when shit goes on sale. People who sit on Ticketmaster. Page cannot be displayed. Server timed out. The people who compose that original group text, assembling the troops. The people who dare to dream that a night out could be possible. Sitting, dealing with peoples replies trickling in, sucking out the enthusiasm. Oh, Kevin Bridges. Aw, what night is it? Where is it? How much is it? What time does it start? What time does it finish? Who else is going? Who else is going – what a fucking snide enquiry! Thats when the organisers faced with the internal politics of the social circle. Your night out needs a big name to confirm. A headline act, an A-lister pal. A crackpot – Disco, Ryzo, Gnasher – somebody that can turn your night out into four nights out. Aw, its only Wee Scobey going, so far. I know hes a wee prick, but hell drive. Welcome along, front row. How are we doing? You all right? Looking good. Whats your name, sir? Youre not telling me? All right. Thats good. Whats his name, mate? Grass him in, since hes not telling me. -Johnny. -Johnny. Johnny. You settling for that, Johnny? All right. Its only a comedy show, Johnny. Youre not getting booked by the police. Its just a wee… Camera, right on Johnny, there. Thats it, mate. You make him feel like shit for that. There we go, thats Johnny, everybody. Tell your name to the camera, Johnny. CHEERING Good man. Welcome along, Johnny. I like a night out. Im… Im getting to that age. Im growing up. Ive got mates getting married and having children. This is new to me. My lifes changing. You dont get a night out as often, the weekend is no longer an excuse in itself. You dont get a night out. Its rare. But, when they happen, then its a rollover and they go on far too long. I dont think anybody can party like the newly-married man, the new father. I hear One Direction singing, Im going to go crazy, crazy, crazy, until they see the sun and rappers singing, Going to party until six in the morning. all these parties that have got scheduled end times. Thats not what happens when your mates start getting married and having children and you get a night out. They go on far too fucking long. People dont want to go back… ..to the life that theyre creating for themselves. Mayhem ensues at the suggestion of a six in the morning curfew. Yous want to call it a night? Mon to fuck, man. One more hour, the Spars open. Well go and get cans. The adult empty. Its a bleak affair, the empty, ten years on. Some paranoid wreck walking through your living room looking for a Nokia charger. 17 missed calls? Id better fucking text her. Highlights of a game of FIFA on the PlayStation that was finished about three hours ago, still playing. Two guys snorting cocaine, talking about a fight they had in primary school. HE SNORTS Listen, Im fucking glad we sorted that the night, bud. Me and all, mate. I was out of order that playtime. I was out of order. 35-year-old guys still using expressions like playtime. It was me that was out of order, mate. Im the one that kept throwing fizzy cola bottles at you. I knew you had to be seen to be doing something about that, mate. I understand. You never needed to call us a VL, but. That was out of order, on your part. At six in the morning, Nokia guy arguing with his missus by text. I told you I was having a mad one. His only justification, for having a mad one – he fucking told her he was having a mad one. Then, staying on the offensive, I thought you were going to your mums to watch Strictly, anyway. HIGH-PITCHED: Its fucking six oclock in the morning, Ryan. How the fuck am I supposed to know what time Strictly finishes? Then, looking at the telly, looking at the PlayStation, thinking its fucking Sky Sports. Here, when did Motherwell beat Colombia? Thats fucking some result for the Well, isnt it? Colombia have their full team playing, aye? Wish Id stuck money on that. Seven red cards? Is there a bit of needle between them two? Six in the morning. Its tough watching guys grow up against their will, watching somebody going through an old VHS case thats been used as a joint-rolling station for years. Raking through the paraphernalia, trying to find something smokable. Theres a bit of green in there, press my finger on that. Theres plenty here, gentlemen. The night is but young. A bit of green stuff, tobacco, scrape that in. Hairs. Theres always hairs in the rolling tray. Ill put the pubes in. Who gives a shit? Lying there in emotional purgatory, trying to get a knackered disposable lighter to work, the only lighter in the party, doing big, long flicks. Come on, you piece of shit! Eventually, you get a bit of blue flame, and Im going, Yes! and then the S blows it straight back out again. Its hard to watch a married man lighting a pube joint off the toaster. […] Are you a political man, Johnny? Oh, you dont give a shit. I watch it. I get into it. I like the politics. Ive started buying the big paper. I never knew the big papers were as expensive. I just thought it would just be the same price. Standing in the queue at the newsagent with my pound coin, making plans for the change. £1.80. Oh, fuck. Do you take card, mate? Yeah, only if its over a fiver. Oh… Just… All right, a Daily Telegraph and 16 packets of Hubba Bubba, mate. Thats… Im out of here. I watch it. The Tories, thats what weve got, reducing the deficit in the economy. Thats whats going on. Austerity Britain, making cuts. AUDIENCE BOOS I watch them. ENGLISH ACCENT: We must work together to reduce the deficit. Thats whats going on. Reducing the deficit. I read about the deficit. Do you know about the deficit, big guy? Do you know Britains debt? No. £1.5 trillion. Thats how much the UK owes somebody. £1.5 trillion. I dont know who the fuck we owe that to. But surely theyve gave up on it. Surely… Surely, when it hit the trillion mark, they must have been having their doubts about ever seeing it back. Ive enjoyed Greece. I like their attitude. Thats how you treat debt. AUDIENCE CHEERS Theyve had a great time. Its got to the end. Everybodys on their case – the IMF, the EU – and theyre just telling them to go and fuck themselves. Good on them. Well done, Greece. Angela Merkel on the phone going fucking mental. Greece have just got her on loudspeaker, just laughing at her. Sitting drinking bottles of ouzo, letting her shout at them. GERMAN ACCENT: You must make the repayments now! 240 billion euros. Going through books on Greek philosophy, trying to quote their way out of the mess. Angela, as Socrates says… He is richest who is content with the least. Thats a beauty, man. Any more? Or as Epicurus said, Do not spoil what you have by desiring what you have not, Angela. Here, let me talk to her. Or as Plato says, Youre not getting it, you fucking cow. Good on them. Everybody knows somebody like Greece. Ive got mates like Greece. Theyre likeable, but you dont lend them money unless youre prepared to deal with their shite when you try and get it back. I dont know if youve seen that, Johnny. Greece actually accused Germany of owing Greece 279 billion euros because of the Nazi occupation in the 1940s. Classic tactics. Oh, were werent going to mention it, Angela, but since youre chasing us up… Were paying it back. 1.5 trillion, thats the plan. Reduce the deficit. The deficit means youre spend too much money, dont bring enough money in. Tory solution, make cuts. I think we just need to start making some more money. All these billionaire psychos putting their taxes into the Cayman Islands. They tell you that as if the moneys irretrievable. Fucking invade the Cayman Islands. Get it back. What the fuck are the Cayman Islands going to do about it? Instead of going after disabled people, fucking single parents. That takes balls, doesnt it? That takes balls. George Osborne, Iain Duncan Smith. Going through disabled peoples doors. This is your fault, mate. You. We could go after tax-avoid multinationals, we could go after Vodafone, Starbucks, Amazon, Google, […] but its your fucking fault. You. Youre going back to work, mate. We dont give a fuck how disabled you are. Oh, youre paralysed from the neck down? We dont give a fuck, mate. Therell be a farm out there looking for a scarecrow. Couple of people checking for the offside flag on that joke there. Maybe an extreme example, but thats… Thats their ideal world. Cutting benefits. People fall for it, people believe it. I hear folk moaning, I hear them, see them on Facebook. You discover through Facebook you hate your own aunties. Reading their shite. I have worked my whole life and Ive worked two jobs since Ive been 12 years old and I think its a disgrace that these people are sitting on their fat arses… Theyre spending their dole cheques on alcohol and cigarettes. Its a darn right disgrace. Missing the point, man. Theyre spending it on alcohol and cigarettes – highly-taxable goods. The countrys getting it back. These people are reinvesting. These people are the heroes in this mess. Its not poor people spending, its fucking rich people saving. Thats the problem. The moneys there. Just need to get it to people thatll spend it. I would put the dole up, I would make the dole a grand a week. Thats how you kick-start an economy. Every bit of it would get spent. You see it on Black Friday. Thats poor people. Imagine them on £1,000 a week. The country would be fucking bouncing! Not one penny going offshore or into a savings account. Lets get fucking tattoos, man. People arriving at the job centre in taxis, to sign on. Just keep the meter running, my man. Ill be five minutes. Thats the dole up to a grand a week, Denise. You still wanting your tits done? Aye, well get the hot tub, aye, why not. Grand a week. Ive made a bit of dosh, thanks to you people, Ive moved on. Ive made some cash. Im on the property ladder. Thats what I done. Bought a house, bought a house off a neurologist. That builds an inferiority complex. Im showing up to buy his gaff in a Superdry hoodie. Guys gave me the tour. Showing me his PhD Thats nice, mate. Well get that down, get that painting of the dogs playing poker up there. Thatll be nice. I grew up in a council house. I grew up in Clydebank. Couple of people know that. Famous place. Famous for Wet Wet Wet. Marti Pellow, hes the only guy who ever left Clydebank to become a heroin addict. But Im in the West End. Im in the nice bit of the city. Im living… Im living with the great and the good. Its where I live. Ive been there for a few years. But its never quite become my bit. Youve got where you stay and youve got your bit. OK? That make sense? Theres where you live and theres your bit. Its not quite my… I dont know if itll ever become my bit. I see… I see the kids whose bit it is. I hear them shouting on each other. Sebastian? Sebastian, were over here. Sebastian? I hear a name like Sebastian, Im hoping to look up and see a Dalmatian, not this wee guy. Sebastian making his grand entrance with his purple blazer on, his perm wafting in the wind, a cello on his back. They call me Mr Bridges, the kids on my street. I dont feel intimidated physically. I feel intellectually intimidated by the gangs of youths in my street. Mr Bridges? Mr Bridges, how are we, Mr Bridges? The family and I sat down to one of your performances on the television over the festive period, Mr Bridges. A tad coarse in places. However, I would be lying if I said I didnt allow myself a chuckle, Mr Bridges. A wee guy. Im out of my fucking depth trying to talk to him. And having to raise my game to talk to a ten-year-old. I cant have a normal, older-guy-to-a-wee-guy conversation. Whos the best fighter in your school, then, Sebastian? Well, Im the chair of the school debating team, Mr Bridges. There have been a few heated exchanges, but weve not quite come to blows yet. His wee pals beside him, de-seeding a pomegranate with his fruit knife. I still… See, I still wear trainers and stuff. I never knew that was frowned upon, wearing sports gear, unless youre off to participate in a sporting activity. I still wear shorts, trainers, any excuse. Ive got a neighbour who always looks at me. Always looking me up and down. Always going… You off to the gym, Kevin? Off to the gym? I said, Mate, why do you always ask me if Im off to the gym? Just when I seen your trainers there and your sports top. Off to the gym, no? No, Im off to the garage to buy a Wispa, mate. Its not… ..its not a fucking black-tie event, mate. I try and blend in. Im quite a friendly guy. Ive got a dog, for example, right, thats how you get to know your new neighbours. Right, you become part of your local dogging community. I got a dog, right. Thats your buddy, I got a dog. You get in the park, dogs there, other dogs come over and start to play with your dog, you pat the other dog and you get talking to the owner. Quite a sociable experience. Im in the park. Dogs there, another dog came over, began to play with my dog. Began sniffing my dogs arse. Sniffing away. Having a fucking great time. Im patting the other dog. And I said, And whos this? Thats dog walker talk for What is your dogs name? Thats how you strike up a bit of chat. I said, And whos this? And the guy goes, Well, this here, this is, this is Diego. And I thought, Oh, naming the dog after Diego Maradona, mate? That would explain the sniffing, then, right. I thought that was the ideal thing to say. Fucking hilarious. Ive got a voice in my head, going, Superb, Kev. An exemplary piece of patter. Thisll be your bit in no time, Kev. Im asking his dog for the Paw of God, thinking this guy is going to spread the word. Oh, yeah, I met Kevin Bridges in the park. The guys funny as fuck, even off-duty. The mans a scream. But the guy said, No, hes not named after Diego Maradona. We named him after Diego Rivera, the post-impressionist 19th-century Mexican protest painter. And this was a game changer. I had fucking nothing for the guy. Wow. I looked him right in the eye. I cannot believe youve just done that to me, mate. I dont know what to say. Ive never felt so homesick. A voice in my head going, This is not your bit, Kev, go home. You dont belong here. Youre a fucking fraud. The sniffing patter, that might cut it down your bit, this is the upper echelons of society. You think youre going to get away with that up here? Even his dog is looking at your dog, as if, My dad just fucking clamped your dad. And he just carried on with his day. And Im left on my phone, having to Google this arsehole. Under pressure. Another fucking thing that I do not know has just been exposed. Im on Wikipedia reading about this guy. Diego Rivera was a Mexican painter known for his large wall works in the style of fresco. I dont know what that means. Lets go back to the start, Kevin. Lets concentrate. Learning is fun. Come on, this is the kind of shit you need to know to hold conversations up in this park. Diego Rivera was a Mexican… You know what a Mexican is – tequila, sombreros. […] Mexican painter. You know what painter is – Uncle Kennys a painter. Remember Uncle Kenny? Used to always sneak you and your cousins a can at Christmas – remember? Uncle Kenny, how come Auntie Denise lives in New Zealand? Drink your fucking can, son. Remember Uncle Kenny? Known for his large wall works in the style of fresco. I dont know what fresco means. But fresco is highlighted in blue, meaning its got its own Wikipedia page. Why not make an afternoon out of it? I click on that link. Ive not even made it through the opening sentence of Diego Riveras Wikipedia page and Im on another Wikipedia page, reading about fresco. Fresco is a technique of mural painting, executed upon wet or freshly-laid lime plaster. I dont know what lime plaster is. But that is also highlighted in blue. Click on that link, Kevin. Is there anything that you do fucking know, Kev? Lime plaster? Lime plaster is a type of plaster composed of hydrated lime water and sand. Lime plaster is different from… Why are you reading this, Kevin? Youre supposed to be reading about Diego Rivera. Remember why we came here. Now, youve went to fresco, now youre on to lime plaster. Youve got fucking ADD. Im Googling, Have I got attention deficit disorder?. Im taking the University of Marylands six short questions to determine if I have attention deficit disorder. Im about to diagnose myself with a mental health condition because of this fucking phone, this tadger, and his wee shitey dog. Even my dog is looking at me as if, get over it, Kev, hurry up and throw that tennis ball. Give me a minute, Annie. Im no well. Im mentally ill. Please be patient. I need your support just now, dog. Taking the test. The University of Marylands six short questions to determine if I have attention deficit disorder. Do you sometimes struggle with the finer parts of a project once the challenging parts have been finalised? All of the time, most of the time, some… Ten celebrities you didnt know were gay. Dont go near it, Kevin. Dont click on it. Dont fucking click on it. Dont go near it. 14 reasons you are always tired. I am always tired. I think I have that chronic fatigue syndrome. Finish the ADD test. How the fuck can I finish the ADD test if Ive got ADD? I went back, I read about Rivera, I got tooled up on this guy, educated myself. Diego Rivera was born in 1886, Rivera began painting at the age of three years old, a year after the death of his twin brother. Rivera would paint on his bedroom walls. His parents, rather than chastise him, installed chalkboards and canvas on his bedroom walls, to encourage his gift. At the age of just ten years old, Rivera was accepted to the San Carlos Academy of Fine Art in Mexico City, where he studied until 1907, before moving to Europe, where he became friends with Pablo Picasso… Ive got fucking shitloads… APPLAUSE Off to the gym? Ive lost a bit of weight. I dont know if anybody noticed that there. Looking sharp. Lost a bit. People worry about you in this city when you lose weight. I had a guy shout, Fucks sake, Kev, have you got AIDS?. Which is… just the local way of saying, Looking sharp, Kev! Have you been working out? Ive got a jaw. Look at that. Jaw. Ive never had a jaw in my life. Ive always been fat. I was fat my whole life, right through school. This has been a long time coming. I was 18st when I was 18. I was fat at school. That was tough. Sitting on a plastic chair at school at the end of every class, knowing theres going to be a sea of sweat thats been separating the two hemispheres of your arse. Sitting beside the lassie that you fancy, having to do that slide, trying to wipe it as youre getting up. That was tough. Being fat at school. I was the first in my class to get tits. Its hard. Going to the swimming on a school trip. No, Ill just keep my T-shirt on, the waters dead cold. Im all right. Ill just swim with my T-shirt on. I went to a guy. 18. Thats when I first addressed the problem. 18st. I went to the gym. The real gym. You know, the big, proper gym guys. The real big tanks. This new breed of man that you get. You know the big mammals? The big protein bastards. With the big beard, covered in tattoos. Im going, Mate, did I create you in a PlayStation game? These big guys work in the Carphone Warehouse, but theyre training for the apocalypse. These big… Convinced their best mates shagging their missus and theyre training for the day they can finally prove it. I went in… And thats what puts fat people off the gym. These guys. They take it too far, these big… Only God can judge me. Im standing here judging you, you big bell-end. I went to the guy. I said, Look, mate, Im trying to lose a bit of weight. The guy goes, Its all about nutrition. All about nutrition, You can do whatever you want in here, but its all about nutrition. You cant out-train a bad diet. And he asked me… He asked me what I had for breakfast. He goes, What did you have for breakfast this morning? Instantly, Im thinking, Id better say something that I never had for breakfast this morning. Make a good impression with this big mammal. I said, Oh, I had fruit, mate. A bowl of fruit. The guys going, Fruit in the morning, thats got to go. Fruit in the morning, very high in sugar. You need to lose that. Im thinking, Fruit, mate? Fruit? Thats bad now, fucking fruit? Fruit?! I never had a bowl of fruit, but as far as youre aware, I did have a bowl of fruit, so I should be commended. I had a fucking Terrys Chocolate Orange, mate. Youve no idea how low I would stoop for breakfast – cold pashwari naan with Nutella on it. Ive been there, mate and youre on my case about fucking fruit?! I used to have four raspberry ice poles and a Wham bar for breakfast. Half past eight every morning for six years. Then, a roll and sausage at half past ten. A pizza crunch and chips at 12 oclock. A can of Coke. Then, fucking Astro Belts on the way home. Fizzy cola bottles, Bikers, Johnnys Onion Rings. Everything. Then, I would… AUDIENCE CHEERS Then, Id go home, for crispy pancakes, oven chips, potato waffles, croquettes. Yellow, mate. That was the only colour I would eat. Yellow. And youre on my case about fruit? I never said that, because the guy would punch fuck out of me. but I was thinking it. I said, All right, Ill cut out the fruit. The guy gave me a diary to fill in, a food diary. Thats a step too far, Johnny. Submitting hand written lies to somebody. Hes telling me all these foods to cut out. Carbohydrates. You should be eating this shit. Eat this stuff, eat this sort of stuff. Im filling in my food diary, on the internet, reading about super foods. Trying to impress the big man. Monday morning, I had… Avo-cado. Avo-cado. Here, what the fucks avocado, in case this guy asks me? You have it on toast? Oh, hell go off his heid if I say toast. Will I just say I had avocado? How many? How many? Five? Five avocado. Fuck it, Ill put ten. Ten avocado. Show the guy Im serious about it. Ten avocado. Monday morning, breakfast. Then, I had almonds and blueberries, and then I had beetroot. Beetroot? Thats a superfood, is it? A big jar of beetroot, mate. Got a spoon, rattled the lot. Mmm. Then, I had… Quin-oa. Qui-no-a. Am I saying that right? Qui-no-a? What the fuck is qui-no-a? Click on images. Its a powder? Snorted a couple of lines of quinoa. And then, I had oily fish and I really felt it reducing my risk of Alzheimers, mate. And the guys going… This is great, Kev. Is this the truth? And Im saying, No, mate, the truth would break your heart. Ill tell you the truth. I lasted two meals without carbohydrates and I thought I was going insane. Ive never felt so angry. I had to get off the couch and just lie on the floor, staring at the ceiling, trying to take myself to a happier place. Fantasising about carbohydrates. I never knew what a carbohydrate was until you told me to cut them out, and then you grassed them all up. Im lying there, Oh, I would love a spaghetti toastie right now. Mmm, how good would that be? Or a baked potato, with rice in the middle. Then, I could put that on a sandwich, eh? Whens the last time I had a piece and baked tattie and rice? Eh? Mmm. With a wee spaghetti toastie chaser. Oh, yes! Then, I crumbled, mate. I went rampaging through my own kitchen. In the freezer, there was a tub of Ben & Jerrys that had been there for months. Now, because it had been there for so long, the little wooden spoon you get inside a tub of Ben & Jerrys bent and snapped on impact with the ice cream. So, I had to put the tub of Ben & Jerrys in the microwave. Now, I left it in the microwave a bit longer than I should have done and the ice cream melted, so rather than just have a few wooden spoonfuls, as I had initially intended, I drank the fucking lot, mate. I never knew how to fit that into Monday evenings column. Its too extreme. If youre fat, youre at a tremendous advantage when it comes to losing weight. You need to bear that in mind. I was 18st at 18, now Im 28 and Im 14st. Thats 4st Ive lost. AUDIENCE CHEERS Thank you for those of you applauding that. Applauding a man whos lost 4st in just ten years. Thats… ..admittedly, a pretty difficult diet to market. Im not going to get on the front cover of Reveal with that story. How I shifted 4st in just ten years. A before and after photograph and its me with a fucking school uniform on, in the before. Its simple. Simple changes. Thats what you need to make. Thats what the 4st in ten years programme encourages. Small steps. Dont have McCoys, have Quavers. Simple changes. We dont need go to bed with a two-litre bottle of Fanta and a tube of Pringles every night. Small changes. You dont need to lose junk food, just Google it first. What is healthy to eat from the Chinese? Go on Yahoo Answers, ignore the top answer. Some nutritionist from the University of Arkansas. AMERICAN ACCENT: Well, all Chinese food is usually fried. Its always very large portions and it usually contains a chemical called monosodium glutamate, which is highly addictive and fattening. Fuck her. Just keep scrolling down. Keep scrolling, until you find what you want to find. What about this, guys? Sweet and sour chicken is quite healthy, as long as you peel the batter off at least three of the chicken balls. If youre putting fried rice on a prawn cracker, dont have a lid. Just have the one prawn cracker. See, simple changes, that will help you shift 4st in just ten years. […] Ill be fat again. Dont worry, Ill be fat. Ill be back. Im looking sharp, but Ill be back. Im one all-inclusive holiday away from fucking meltdown, dont worry. […] I went on that – a cultural break. Tried that. Done New York, all that stuff, you get dragged around tourist attractions. A lot more pressure on yourself to actually go and do shit, standing looking at stuff knowing you should be enjoying it. The Statue of Liberty. Wow, thats exactly how I thought it would look. Having to take your photograph. You dont realise how much shite you photograph until you go somewhere good and your phone runs out of memory. Standing on top of the Empire State building, deleting fry-ups. Ive got an app called WhatsApp, right. All the kids have got it. People send you… People send you pictures and videos and it just saves straight to your phone. And its horrific shit people send. And I never knew I had a video of a guy fucking a Hoover on my phone until I was showing my mother my holiday photographs. Im flicking through them, giving my wee commentary. That was us on the first night, that was the view from the hotel, Mum. That was the wee Italian restaurant. That was where Harry Met Sally. The pastrami sandwich wasnt very nice. Thats a guy… Aye, cracking holiday. Definitely recommend it. Of course you watch it. If a guy has taken the time to fuck a Hoover, I will take the time to watch a guy fuck a Hoover. Lying watching it. You ever seen your own reflection in your phone and you see how tragic you look at these moments. Lying on your couch, big double chin, dead behind the eyes. Your life is ending. Is that a Henry or a Henrietta hes fucking? And you need to reply to your mate that sent it, Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha. H-A, H-A, H-A. Into the emoticons, theres that wee guy that fucking cries with laughter. 15 of them, mate. Projectile tears of laughter are leaving my eyes, mate. There we go. Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha… That was it. New York, getting dragged into museums, trying so hard to enjoy it. Just that the voice in there going, Shite. Shite, shite, shite, shite. Trying so hard. Its not shite, Kevin, show some respect. Its shite. Its an art gallery, its full of shite. Shite. Shite, shite, shite, shite, shite. Listening to the tour guide, And this is 300 years old, this was donated to the museum… I thought… Shite, shite, shite, shite, shite, shite. And youre fortunate that the Tutankhamen exhibit is here for six weeks only. Trust me to land that six weeks. How shite will that be? Tutankhamen, the king of Egypt at 21. I bet he was a wee wank. Shite. Shite, shite, shite, shite, shite. Come on, Kevin. Youre better than this. Lets see your show of strength. Excuse me, mate. Is that a Diego Rivera? You dont know who he is? Youve found a victim, Kev. All that hard work. Give him it both barrels. Never heard of Diego Rivera, mate? No? Never seen Dreams Of A Sunday Afternoon In The Alameda? Arguably one of Riveras most controversial works, my man. Why was it controversial? Well, because it depicted Don Ignacio Ramirez holding a placard that said, God does not exist. The work caused uproar, mate. But Rivera refused to remove the placard until nine years later, stating that he doesnt have to hide behind Don Ignacio Ramirez to show his own atheist views and that he believes all religions are a form of collective neurosis. You dont know this shit? Listen to this guy! Job done, Kev. Now get to the gift shop, buy a rubber and fuck off. I travel. I travel a lot. I appreciate my life. Travel, stay in a lot of hotels. Theyve always got bad news for you. Noticing that in hotels. Unfortunately, Sir, the Wi-Fi is only available in the lobby area. Is it all right to masturbate in the lobby area? Thats what to say to them. Call them out on it. I might use your Wi-Fi in your lobby, then, mate. And the websites I visit, that is between me and my browsing cookies. Your manager can deal with the inevitable negative reviews on TripAdvisor. Some stunned couple. Dont get me wrong, the rooms were spacious, the location was great, the staff were a delight, could not fault the food or the facilities. But on the final night, there was a Scottish bloke ripping the head off it in the lobby. It was a bloody disgusting. Nothing subtle about it. He had his denims at his ankles, his feet on the coffee table. He was using both his hands, at one point. He was shouting encouragement to himself. He then demanded housekeeping bring him a Hoover. It was rather bizarre. Two stars, we wont be back. Two stars. The Wi-Fi is killing this world, isnt it? The internet. Im trying to cut loose. Im trying to stay offline. I like technology, I appreciate what the geeks have done in this world, I just dont like the person that Ive become. As soon as it fails, as soon as it stops working, it sends me into a big angry primate. Ive had too many of these rages. Im quite a peaceful guy. Fucking laptop stopped searching for wireless networks a few weeks ago, right. I know that sounds a bit trivial, but thats enough to send me… Piece of shit. Fucking shouting at it. Because Im so out of my depth trying to figure out… Your laptop breaks, youve got two options, Johnny. You can hand it in to where you bought it or you can phone up the technical support line. What option would you choose, Johnny? In your own time, Johnny. Well, I phoned up, Johnny. You could hand it in. Thats part of my problem. I know I need to hand this computer into the Apple Store, to speak to Marc with a C, with his wee genius T-shirt on. Talking about his band. Yeah, were called Skull Fracture. Were playing the unsigned tent at T In The Park. With his big stupid earlobes hanging down. Going to put your earrings back in, Marc, and stop putting people off calamari for life. I decided to phone up – laptop is no longer searching for wireless networks. People were calling it a First World problem. That just makes you angrier. I fucking know its a First World problem, thats why Im on the phone to the Third World, trying to get it fucking fixed. I phoned up. Im on the phone, Indonesia, talking to my man, my man Gavin. He starts asking me questions… Im telling Gav the issue. Gavs asking me for my DHCP client ID. I said, I dont know what that means, Gav. Gav told me to click on system preferences, then go to network settings and, then, advanced network settings and he said in there, you should see a IPVN 4 number and, from that, you should be able to see your DHCP client ID. Im following him, Im fucking getting excited here. Gavs onto something. I said, Yes, Gav, I can see a DHCP client ID. And hes asking if it is configurated or deconfigurated. I said, Well, Gav, it appears to be deconfigurated. Gav tells me to click on… Im already there, Gav. Clicked on configurate, done deal. And he goes, try again. Im so fucking excited, Gav, to try again. I tried again and the laptop connected to the wireless network. I thanked Gav for his time and Im left wondering, my mind was blown – who the fuck undone that? I have never been anywhere near that part of the computer before. So what the fuck happened between connecting to wireless networks and not connecting to wireless networks? Did I have an MIT frat party in the living room one night? Did I have Mark Zuckerberg and the boys round for a couple of cans? Its got a bit out of hand, Ive fallen asleep at six in the morning and rather than just shave off my eyebrows or draw a cock and balls on my face, some prankster has logged into my laptop and fucking deconfigurated my DHCP client ID. And youre raising kids in this world. Im only 28, I still remember the world being a bit simpler. Its tragic when you hear the children going, Dad. Dad, the iPad isnt performing the software update. Dad! And if I ever become a father, I dont know if I could handle that. I think Ill be saying, Shut the fuck up, ya wee tool. Performing a software update. Youre a wee guy. Go up to the loft, find a golf club, get outside and chop some jaggy nettles. Go outside. Outside. Get out there. Away and chop some jaggies. Youre a wee guy. You got your whole life to perform software updates. Go out there and be bored. Decapitate a few dandelions. Get in the bushes. Ive just been stung by a nettle! Well, get a fucking dock leaf then. Learn some survival tactics. Away out a big walk. Just kick a plastic bottle down the street. Be at one with your thoughts. Get a big stick, get a bit of dog shite on the end… ..control your bit, armed with a bit of dog shite on a stick. Its a rite of passage to any child. Sitting up in your bedroom getting cyber bullied. Go to his door with a bit of dog shite on a stick. They need to be bored. Their minds are too occupied. I used to be bored as a child. I was quite a creative wee guy. I tried to start a boyband. I had mental ideas. In my jotter, Element Four, thats what I called us. I had three mates who I gave aliases to. Earth, Fire, Rain, Wind. I told them about my plans. They laughed at me, called me gayboy. I thought fuck yous. I went solo. Big Wind. Going down to the kitchen, grabbing the radio, up to the bedroom, blank cassette in, pressing play and record at the same time. With my lyrics that Id wrote, Big Wind, in the studio. # Baby, Ive been thinking about you # I think youre thinking about me, too… # Making sure my dads not there, in case I get leathered. # When you say goodbye It made me cry, baby… # Doing the voice that long your eyes start to water, it really adds a bit to it. # Baby… # I was fucking bored. I enjoyed childhood. Going out a big walk. Just showing up at your mates door. Going in for your mates, going in for somebody. Just battering their letterbox unannounced. All right, Mrs Cassidy, is Stu in? Im here to eat every crisp in this house. His name is Stuart, Kevin. Where is he? Stewbster! Thats when you discovered the love you had for your own family. I see the wee dweebs like that. I actual hate my mum and dad. Fucking get out of the house, then. A sleepover, thats when you discovered how much you loved your own mum and dad. When you went and spent an evening in another family. That was an eye opener. And we need that. The kids are too busy online, theyre not socialising to this level. You need to go and spend time in another house. Discover youve got it good. That Saturday morning, returning home to your own house, after a sleepover, you just want to cuddle your mum and dad, as if you just served in Afghanistan. Mum. Come here. Dad, bring it in, big guy. I know I dont tell you a lot, but I love you. The Cassidys are fucking weirdos. Cos it would start off all right. Youd go in for Stu and end up in the bedroom playing the computer, hes making you use an unofficial control pad that his gran bought him for Christmas. Youre letting that slide, even though its frustrating. Through on goal trying to shoot, Stu, wheres the square button? Stu, Stu, Stu? Its not square, its number nine on that pad. Fucking piece of shit. Fuck you, Stu. Fuck you. Then, his mum comes into the bedroom. Kevin, were going to phone a Chinese, would you like to stay for some Chinese? Fucking jackpot. Of course. Of course Ill stay for some Chinese. You start to relax. I like this family. I reckon I could be a Cassidy. Everything is going to plan. Friday night, home delivery. Then, you get shouted down the stairs, made to set the table. Were setting the table for a home delivery? Again, letting it slide. This is the Cassidys. Its not fucking Christmas Day, but maybe this is their thing. Maybe they set the table for a home delivery. Then the food arrives. You dont recognise one fucking thing that theyve ordered. Not once was I consulted during the ordering process. I know Im ten, I know Im a guest, but ordering a home delivery is a democratic process. But again letting it slide. The dad is showing you the food. OK, Kevin, this is the king scallops, Szechuan-style. This is the kung pao lamb. This is the sweet and chilli bean curd. This isnt Chinese food, Mr Cassidy. Wheres all the yellow shit? Wheres all the chicken balls, chips, curry sauce? Youd get laughed out of China for that shite, Mr Cassidy. Then, he starts saying grace, the dad. Thanking the Lord for a home delivery. Just fucking tip the delivery driver. Job done. Youre trying to plate yourself up some food. Youre going, Mr Cassidy, wheres the rice? Just give us a few minutes on the rice, Kevin. It shouldnt be long. Oh, they never sent the rice? I hate when that happens, Mr Cassidy. Oh, no, no, no. Sheilas just boiling the rice. Oh, they sent it not boiled, Mr Cassidy? No, Kevin, they never sent anything. We dont order rice from the Chinese. Why would we pay £2 for rice when theres a whole jar of rice on the worktop? That would just be stupid, wouldnt it? Alarm bells are ringing. Were having fucking house rice?! With a home delivery on a Friday night – were having it with house rice?! The evenings took a sinister turn. Glaring across the table at wee Stu. Im going to fucking expose you. This is going to finish you, Stu. In school on Monday. Thisll be your nickname for eternity. Wee House Rice. Even if youre driving a Ferrari… Oh, hes driving a Ferrari, is he? Who? House Rice? Finish the food, seeing the family. I dont know if I could be a Cassidy. Then, you get made to wash the dishes. Kevin, why dont you make a little game of it? Stewart can wash them, you can dry them. Fucking great game, Mrs Cassidy(!) Non-stop scream in this house on a Friday night. Maybe we can change ends at half… Or is that a bit too out there? Then, the gran arrives. You get dragged into the living room. Yeah, we always watch a movie together as a family, Kevin. Its just our little Friday night thing. Are you coming in? Were going to watch The Hand That Rocks The Cradle? Have you seen it, Kevin? No, Mrs Cassidy, but Ive heard its fantastic. Ive heard its hilarious. Having to sit watching this. How do I get out of here? I need to get home. I need home. Home. Im homesick. Im only four streets away and Im homesick. Kevin, why dont you just phone your dad and see if you can stay overnight? That would be nice. Have a wee sleepover. How the fuck do I get…? Imagine that, Kev? The overnight package, with these freaks. Kevin, phone your dad. This is before mobile phones. You had to use the living room phone. The whole family are sitting there. Phone your dad, Kevin. Phone your dad. The Hand That Rocks The Cradles been paused. Theyre all listening in to your phone call. Ask if you can stay overnight. On the phone to your da, solely dependent on your tone, to give across to your da that youre being held against your will. This is going to take an acting performance, Kevin. We need out of here. This isnt a family, this is a cult. Phone your dad, Kevin. All right, Ill phone my dad. Trying to get a bit of a lump in the throat going, hoping my dad hears Im crying. Comes and rescued me. Where are you, Kevin? Im going to come and Ill fucking do them. Where are you? Where are you? Oh, its ringing, its ringing. HE CHOKES Hi, Dad? Dad, is it all right if I stay overnight at Stewart Cassidys house? Of course it is, Kevin, you have a great night. Your dads not fucking getting it, at all. Dad, are you sure Ive got no plans in the morning? I thought I had some plans. Did you not say something about I had something on? Nothing on in the morning, Kevin. Its a Saturday morning and youre fucking ten years old, pal. No plans. That was it. Youd signed up. You were one of them for the evening. Kevin, unpause the movie. I think its you thats got the doofer, Mr Cassidy. Its me whos got the what? The doofer? The doofer? Is that what you call the remote control? The doofer? Hes laughing, the maws laughing. The whole family, wee House Rice is laughing. Theyre all laughing at you. Theyre ripping the piss out of you, Kev. The doofer! The doofer! Hook the da, Kev. Hook the da. Take the whole family out. One jab to the da. No family recovers from a jab to the da. The doofer! Fucking knock him out, Kev. Then, youre nudging wee Stu. Mon, well go up to the bedroom. Mon, well go up, House Rice. Mon, well go to bed. The da catches you. Are you trying to get Stewart to go to bed with you, Kevin? Is there something youre not telling us? Youre on thin ice, Mr Cassidy, you old bastard. Eventually, up to the bedroom. Wee House Rice just goes to sleep straightaway. Youre left alone on his floorboards, inside a Scooby-Doo sleeping bag. Youve not even got a pillow, youve got a cushion off the couch, with the zip on your neck, having to turn it. Alone, breathing in their family smell, their house smell. The whole family smell the same. I recognise that smell, thats the way he smells when I sit beside him in school. I wonder if he stunk out the house or the house stunk him out. I wonder what came first? Listen to these noises. How fucking loud is your bedroom clock, House Rice? Ticking away every second of this torture. I need out of here. I wonder what time I can leave here. Do you think five in the mornings a bit early? Thats the target, Kev. Five in the morning. Anybody catches you trying to leave… Are you not going to stay for breakfast, Kevin? Wonder what you get for breakfast in this shithole? What would you like your breakfast, Kevin? Maybe some eggy bread? Eggy bread? Is that what you call French toast?! All that shite starts again. All the fucking House Riceses laughing at you. Are you not going to stay, Kevin? Were going to have Alpen. Do you like Alpen? Mm, yes, Mrs Cassidy, I love nothing better on a Saturday morning than a big bowl of Alpen. Thats what gets me through the week. Mmm. Get something in that frying pan, you fucking boot. Ladies and gentlemen of Glasgow, thank you for listening. Its been a pleasure talking to you. Thanks very much. Good night, Glasgow. Take care. Love one another. Thank you. Cheers. Thank you. Good night. Cheers. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE

DEMETRI MARTIN@LIVE (AT THE TIME)@2015@[rock music plays] [crowd cheering] Thank you. Thank you so much, everybody. Thank you for clapping. I appreciate that. Thank you. Thanks. Thanks a lot. Thank you. Thats cool. All right. This is a good crowd. This is… All right. Thank you. That guy has a high voice. – [laughter] – [laughs] All right, I got a lot of jokes, so Im just gonna start telling them. Here we go. I went to a baseball game last summer in a stadium and they had a huge TV in the stadium. A Jumbotron. And this guy proposed to his girlfriend using the giant TV. He put her name up there, said, Will you marry me? She said yes. The crowd went wild. They found the couple in the audience. I was sitting there thinking, God, thats so romantic. Thats so cool. And then I remembered thinking, you know, you could also use a screen like that if youre having trouble breaking up with somebody. Be like, Hey, Im gonna grab a hot dog. But you should definitely look at that screen. Thats a smooth way out of it. I think my favorite sign that Ive seen is Bridge May Be Icy. Cause its so honest, you know? Its just like, Bridge… may be, I dont know. Im… …a sign. I dont have a conscious mind. Im… …a tilted yellow square. What are these shapes on the front of me? I mean, bridge may be chocolate. Whatever you want. I dont care. Bridge may not be icy. That means the same thing as Bridge may be icy. Thats… even better, you know? More optimistic. Thats a better sign. Bridge may not be icy. Hey, I like your attitude, sign. Bridge probably not icy. Give it a shot. Even better. Its August, bridge probably not icy. Youre right. One sign I dont like is Please use other door. Youre a fucking door, you dont get to take a break. Just be a door. Just swing. This door thinks its a wall. This is ridiculous. When I see Please use other door, I wish I had a sign with me to put on the other door that says No, no, no. Use… first door. First door pulling bullshit. First door lazy. Use first door. Trust me, find way to use first door. Yeah. Okay. [chuckles] I like that sign Beware of dog. I saw that at Staples, they had them. They look really professional. I just wanted to buy a pile of them. Just put em up in stupid places, you know? Like… like in the mens room of a fancy restaurant. Guy gets up to go to the bathroom, Oh, shit. Theres a… Theres a dog in the mens room. I think Im… Just hang one around a dogs neck. What a vicious, considerate poodle we have here. Look at that. Or maybe, you know, like if you get a massage, they lay you down on that table, and theres a hole that you look through. Just centered under the hole on the floor. Guys like, Oh, Im gonna get a massage. Great. Oh, shit. Theres a freaking dog in this room. Pets are animals that are not delicious. I dont think that was by mistake. I think we probably tried to eat all of them. Like, Okay, these dont taste good, so well give these first names and sweaters and well hang out with them. And then, uh, lets eat the rest. Lets eat these. [laughs] We even eat birds. I cant believe we eat birds. How did that start? Somebody was like, You see that flying up there? I wanna put that in my mouth. Yeah, that looks good. Its covered in feathers. No, no, no. Ill do some shit to it. Ill make it good. What if it doesnt taste good? Well, then Ill capture it, and Ill put it in a cage and itll live in my kitchen. And Ill have it shit on old news. I think were mean to birds, man. Like… I mean, turkeys, we break the wishbone. Weve killed the bird, weve cooked it, and weve eaten it. Then were like, You wanna break its fucking bones, man? Yeah. Yeah, lets… lets break its bones, man. Well make a wish. What did you wish for? Death to all turkeys. It seems like theres a fine line between having a pet and having a hostage from a different species. You go to somebodys house, theyre like, Close the door. Hell get out. Close the door! Hell get out! Okay. What kind of relationship do you have with this dog exactly? Owner walks away, the dogs like… [pants] Hes not looking. Open the door, let me out. Come on. I cant shit when I want to. Open this door! This woman put sunglasses on me last week. Im gonna eat her when shes sleeping if you dont open the goddamn door right now. I saw a poster that said Missing cat. They had a picture of the cat and a whole description. Missing, huh? I think thats from the human perspective. The cat made that poster, it would say, Free cat. Finally. Picture of the cat would be like… Cat is hunter, cat gets own food, cat has no first name, dont look for cat, fuck off, leave cat alone, fuck off. Okay, cat, we get it. Jesus. The hairless cat, thats a weird looking animal. Looks like somebody procrastinated when they were designing animals or something. Like, Okay, animals are due for earth today. I thought they were due Monday. No, theyre due today. Oh, shit. Uh… Yeah, no, I am finished. Uh… Its, uh… The hairless cat, what do you think? I think it looks like a meth addict. Lets see what God says, come on. I wonder what the hairless cat looks like to regular cats. Just walks by and theyre like, Whore. Ive learned that theres a fine line between killing a fly and applauding a fly. There was one in my living room, I was trying to kill it. But I was too slow. So was I just… …following the fly around my house, clapping for it. Sending the exact wrong message to the fly. Hes like, Oh, this guy, uh… he likes what Im doing. Huh, you like that? You think thats impressive, let me fly right up to your face give you a close-up of some of this. Oh, now hes waving at me. I have an L-shaped sofa. Lowercase. – [applause] – Thanks. Soap scum seems like a really harsh term for that stuff. Maybe we overreacted a little bit with that one. Look at this soap scum. I think thats just dried soap, man. No. This shit betrayed me. This used to help me clean, now I have to clean it? Its the lowest form of soap there is, man. Youre looking at scum right there. When I was little, I learned that please was the magic word. Then I got a little older, and I learned that abracadabra was the magic word. Then I learned that theyre never interchangeable, under any circumstances. For you, sir. I will have the grilled cheese with tomato, abracadabra. Okay, heres your grilled cheese. Enjoy. Will you abracadabra just look at me when Im talking to you? Bitch, abracadabra. And theres a fourth example, but I cant say it cause Im a white comedian. [laughter] Those are the rules. White privilege does not extend onto the stage, you see. One thing you dont see that often is a black magician. There arent that many black magicians. Probably because of racism. If a black guy makes something disappear, theyre like, Hey, get him! Its magic. No, youre black. White guy can make a whole woman disappear. Theyre like, Ah, shes fine. Hes white. Dont worry about it. People get so mad when you run and try to catch the elevator. I cant get over how angry they get. What they really hate is when you run and catch it and you go, I just wanna say hey, everybody. Have a good ride. Okay? They dont like that. People are crabby in elevators. One time I was in an elevator and I hit the wrong floor. And then I hit my floor. And people looked at me like I stabbed a baby in front of them or something. I just… I just made a mistake, you know? Longest moment of my life was when we got to the first floor that I hit… The doors opened, and nobody got on, nobody got off. I was like… [humming nervously] The elevator was like, Oh, this asshole messed up. Im gonna stay open extra long. I had to, like, improvise some sort of a cover, you know? I just leaned out, I was like, Bobby? Pssh. He said he was gonna met me on four. Thats weird. [makes farting sound] Anyway… If you ask somebody how theyre doing, sometimes theyll say, A-OK. Its like theyre giving you the beginning of a weird multiple choice answer or something. How you doing? A-OK. B-suicidal. Uh… C-horny. Okay, I think Im gonna head out. D-all of the above. Hold on. I was in the supermarket and I saw they had prune juice for sale. And I had to stop cause I was like, Prune juice? I thought prunes were dried plums. What the hell is prune juice? How hard are we squeezing these prunes? Come on, you little shit. Well get some juice out of you. Come on. Okay, thats 97 prunes, we have one glass. Should we keep going? Theres no such thing as prune juice. Thats bullshit. Thats plum juice. Thats the reason youre a prune is that we took the juice from the plum, leaving you. And then you took credit… …calling it your juice? What a dick move, prunes. Ive never seen raisin juice for sale. Prunes are pushy. I mean, thats their nature. You eat a prune… [laughs] – Thats like… – [applause] …sending a cop into your stomach to break up the party. Foods digesting, having a good time, you eat a prune. Lights on. Lets go. Everybody out. Come on, move. We gotta go. Go. Piece of broccoli, My friends still in there. I dont give a shit. No pun intended. We gotta clear the room. Freaking prunes. You ruin everything. I like French toast way better than toast. I think a French kiss is nicer than just a plain kiss. So I guess the rule is if you make something French, – you make it better. – [woman cheers] – Except for people. – [laughter, applause] Its the… its the one exception. But, you know… [laughs] Im just saying theyre not better. Theyre equal, theyre the same as us. French people… A souvenir is a funny thing to me. What an interesting concept. Its like, Hey, I got you something to remember the time I went to Paris and you didnt. Yeah, put this on your mantle so you can remember the time that I had a great vacation and you stayed home cause you couldnt afford to go. There you go, enjoy. A piece of garbage from another continent. Do what you want with it. I like airports, though, cause they have those flat escalators. People never look more like groceries than when theyre going through an airport. Just going by. I wanna get one of those rubber dividers in the supermarket, just put it on the thing there. This is my stuff, thats your stuff. Dont try to make me carry your shit, okay? Thats mine. I dont like when Im stopped at a stoplight, Im sitting there in my car, the light changes, and people in the crosswalk, and they dont, like, hurry up to get out of the way. And sometimes itll be like a tough guy in the group, and hell, like, slow down almost. Just to show how tough he is. Hes like looking at my car like hes gonna fight it. You know? I think you should be able to hit one person a year – with your car. – [laughter, applause] Not to kill, just to communicate. Just to say, Hey, you know, it was my turn. Then as he rolls over the top of your car, maybe hed be thinking, God, this guy used his one hit for the year on me. Maybe Im a dick. Yeah. If Im in the crosswalk and the light changes, Im not saying I run out of the way, but I make a gesture to the driver whos waiting to let them know that Im not a dick. Know what I mean? The light changes, I dont run, but I do a thing with my arms. I go… Just so they can see, Oh, his torsos running. Look. Hes trying. This guys… Hes a good person. You see that? The top half is considerate. I like that at a lot of crosswalks they have a countdown. Its like they tell you exactly when it will be funny to push your friend into traffic. Just like, Here we go. One time I was at a crosswalk and I saw a guy wearing the same shirt that I was wearing. It was kind of a specific shirt and I looked at him, and he was a dork. Just like a dorky looking guy. And I thought, Ive got the same taste as a dork. That makes me a dork. That sucks. You know? Two months later, Im in a restaurant. It happened again. I see a guy wearing the same shirt that Im wearing, but he was really good-looking. He was with a beautiful woman. And I just looked at him and I thought, Im the dork. [laughter] Cant win. I bought a box of crackers, took out the first cracker, and I looked at it, it had holes throughout the cracker. I was trying to figure out, why are there holes? For aerodynamics maybe? Just… whoosh! Oh. Look how quickly I can eat these crackers. [whooshing] Im so glad they perforated them with that tiny drill press. Thats like [whooshing] Without those, ugh! Fucking wind resistance on these crackers. That joke never does well, but I like it. – So I dont give a shit. – [applause] I believe in it. You know, there were like six people in here who liked it, so thats, you know, thats my demographic for the crackers joke. And its… I stand by it. How bad does a guess have to be for it to be an uneducated guess? Do you know the temperature outside? Uh, carrots? Did you say carrots? Yeah, I was just guessing. I dont know, carrots? Are you educated? No. No, Im not. Okay. Well, that makes sense because its never been carrots outside and never will be carrots. So you need to get an education, go to school, then come back to me, maybe you can make an educated guess. Okay. I wonder what a walrus vampire would look like. Probably a lot like the other walruses, I dont know. Be hard to pick it out of a crowd. [laughs] I like the word folks cause its so positive. You know, black folks, white folks, Asian folks. Its just got a good feel to it. You never hear, I was at a party and these fucking folks showed up. Folks are the worst, man. You never hear on the news, 22 folks were killed when a bus hit a train. Oh, those poor folks! Quesadilla, thats a word that you never see the English translation for. You never see that in English. You know? They just keep it in Spanish. I guess cause maybe its too awkward or something. You know, And for you, sir? I will have the quesa… cheese female small,  please. One little cheese girl for me, thatd be great. [chuckles] Okay. You want any peppers or chicken in there? No, I think shes been through enough. Ill just have the… [laughs] I feel like they could bring fajitas out from the kitchen a little bit later. Theres a lot of showboating going on with fajitas. Seems unnecessary, a fire emergency coming through the dining room. Ah, its fajitas, they just need attention. Fuck em. I was eating some fajitas and I burnt the roof of my mouth. And I was like, Ow! The roof of my mouth, that hurts. Its really tender. Wait a minute. The roof of my mouth? This is the ceiling of my mouth. The roof of my mouth is way up here. Whoever named this was not using the attic of their mouth at all. [laughter, applause] Thanks. I love applause for head architecture. This is a good crowd. I took Super Shuttle from the airport. I think they forgot to put the word slow in the middle – of their name. – [scattered applause] Hey, if Im eating some Tic Tacs, and you want some, Im happy to give you some. Just dont give me a specific number. Its too stressful. You know? You want two? Okay, one… 11. Fuck. No, I dont want those back. Just… Theyre in your palm, just keep them. Okay? Thank you. When I was in high school, I took karate. One time I lost my temper in class. Thats when I learned that theres a difference between taking karate and receiving karate. I received the shit out of that karate. I like when people use the term color scheme. Cause it sounds so sneaky. Okay, were gonna make this room look great, and heres how were gonna do it. Blue. Beige. Green. Sh! Somebodys coming. Dont talk about colors. Hey, how you doing? Whats up? [chuckles] Sometimes the opposite of something bad is also bad. Its confusing. Like pickpocketing. Thats bad. But I found that putting thing in peoples pockets is also bad. So pickpocketing and its opposite, put-pocketing, are both bad. Logic is tricky. When we talk to babies, sometimes we use baby talk. I guess to relate to the baby, we try to sound more like a baby. You know, well be like, Hello, goo-goo, boopie. We should do that with old people too. Oh, hello, Grandpa. Come here, you tired? Oh, hello. Yes, oh. Hello. If I live long enough, that joke is gonna haunt me. [laughter, applause] We should do that with teenagers too. Whats up, asshole? What are you doing? Im talking teen. Teen talk. Dont worry about it. I parked my car in a grocery store parking lot. I got out of my car, and I was walking towards the store and this guy stopped me, goes, Hey, Demetri. I said, Yeah? He said, Hey, um, could I be in one of your jokes? I said, Uh, sure. How about this one? [laughter] He was like, Okay. What does it entail? I was like, Thats pretty much it. Thats the joke. He was like, Then no. Im cool. No thanks. I dont think I wanna be in that joke. I was like, Too late. I just told it. Hes like, Seriously? Im like, Yeah. Youre in it. He was like, Shit. He walked away, he was pissed off. I was like, You know, fictional people can be so moody, its ridiculous. Its interesting that we say a head of lettuce but not a dick of cucumber. [laughter, applause] Yeah, give me, uh… give me a dick of cucumber. Thatd be great. You know what? Two tits of cantaloupe. Throw those in the bag too. Are kiwis in season? They are. Okay. Three testicles of kiwi and I think were good. Good. And a rectum of fig. That sounds delicious. [laughs] Id say based on their behavior, cherry tomatoes are not interested in participating in the salad. Kind of like, Whoa! Nice try. I dont think so. Watch out. Whoa! Whoa! How evasive are you gonna be? Its like Im trying to stab a rubber ball in this salad. This is ridiculous. Its just too much work. Then I get to the bottom of the salad and its just like a bowl of defiant small tomatoes that are like… Were no longer a salad. Were tomatoes. Now what? Well, then Ill just eat you with my hand. Then I bite it, so much drama. Its like… pssh! Blood! Ahh! Salad is just too much work. You know? You gotta get the ingredients, wash everything, dry everything, mix it together, dress it. Then I go to eat the salad, now I have to make a small copy of the salad on my fork. For every bite. I have to be like, Okay. Lettuce, onion, cherry tomato, cherry… Forget it. Mushroom, pepper. Gotta make another small salad. Here we go. Lettuce… Hows your salad? Its 17 small salads that I had to make. Thats probably why in a restaurant the waiters like, Are you still working on that salad? Youre goddamn right Im working. Im exhausted. Take this thing away from me. I think if a recipe is unhealthy for you, they should change their tone in how they describe the steps. I feel like the tone never changes. Its just like a sociopath telling you what to do, and they dont care if its like quinoa or cheesecake. Theyre just like, Just do this, I dont care. But if its unhealthy, if its like cinnamon sticky buns, Step one: run seven miles. Step six: before combining brown sugar and caramel in bowl, take off all of your clothes and stand in front of the mirror. You sure you wanna do this? [sighs] All right. Step 14: contact your doctor, you have diabetes. [laughs] I cant believe people can still die from complications in todays day and age. That that counts as a valid medical reason. I mean, hows that even acceptable? So what happened exactly? Well, we got him into the OR, and, uh, we opened him up, and, uh, it was complicated. You know? Its, uh… its a lot of blood in there, all over the place, and the organs are pretty tightly packed. Brenda didnt have a good lunch, my phone went off twice, its just… it was complicated. Hes dead. Okay? Forget about it. If you get cremated, is it all or nothing? Can you make requests? I wonder if you can be, like, half or something. Like, What does he want? Okay, says he wants to be cremated from the waist down. Okay? Anything else? Yeah, open casket. He wants his torso at the one end, then the ashes, and they lead to a lamp, and, uh, hes dressed as a genie. [laughter, applause] Well, good for him. Hes having some fun with it. I think thats cool. I was thinking maybe Id get cremated. But instead of having him put me into an urn, Id have him put me into, like, an hourglass. Then I could still participate, you know what I mean? Itd be like my grandkids could be playing a board game, theyd be like, Thats my grandfather on the mantel there. Grab that. Yes. Hes like six minutes. Flip him over. Bonus round, Scattergories. Here we go. Jokes that end in death dont usually end happy. Kind of like life. – [laughs] – [audience laughs] I might just stick to the prepared material for the rest of the set. I thought… I thought I could freestyle a little bit, but the insides came out a little too much there. How was the show? Im sad. When they say someone is gone but not forgotten, its such a nice sentiment. You know what I mean? Forgotten but not gone… that just sucks. Did he die? Who are we even talking about? I dont remember. Oh, that sucks. When something goes wrong, people send you their thoughts and prayers. And, uh, its a nice idea, but its kind of weird. You know what I mean? I understand sending the prayers, but the thoughts… thats kind of strange. What do you got there? Demetri sent us his thoughts and prayers. How do they look? Uh, the prayers look appropriate. Um… The thoughts are kind of weird. Hes… …thinking of clipping his toenails tonight before he goes to bed. I dont know why we need to know that. Were grieving here. But thanks. I was walking on the beach in California, and a volleyball rolled up by my feet. And this guy yelled, Little help! So I just kicked it a little bit towards him. I like watching volleyball. I think its a good sport to watch. Cause most sports it looks like all the players really want the ball. But volleyball is different. That looks like nobody wants that thing. Like, Okay, we dont want this. You guys take it. Here you go. Each players like, I dont want it. You take it. I dont fucking want it! Lets try this again. We dont want this. It looks like a game for people who dont like volleyballs. Football, on the other hand, that looks like everybody wants that thing so badly. Know what I mean? All the players are like, Give me the ball. Ill catch it, I wont drop it. Ill covet it, Ill protect it, its mine, you know? They should make the football look like something that you would protect and covet and hold. A baby. A football should look like a baby. Imagine if they were shaped like babies. Those guys would look like such heroes, like throwing and catching the baby and protecting it, you know? Until they get to the extra point, then it looks like, Im sick of this freaking baby. [thudding sound] – [chuckles] – [applause] Baby just goes through the uprights. Its okay. [laughs] Indoor sports dont look as cool as outdoor sports. Pool looks pretty cool. But Ive seen that in movies where the guys like… boof! And the lady walks in, hes just kind of looking smooth. But I dont even know whats the second coolest indoor sport. Its like a distant second. Maybe darts? She walks in the bar and youre like… [laughs] Air hockey? Foosball. Thats the worst. You dont wanna do foosball. Are sheep pubes also wool? How much of my turtleneck is pubes? I dont know if I want to wear that thing anymore. Pubes on my neck. I dont like that. You can say Mind your own business, or you can say Mind your own beeswax. I think thats the only time you can really substitute beeswax for business. Is your trip beeswax or pleasure, sir? Its, uh, its a beeswax trip, actually. [laughs] Its personal beeswax. Id rather not talk about it. What are you doing after college? Um, applied to beeswax school. So well see what happens. My dads a small beeswax owner. I like the word nope because its really specific. Thats for when you wanna say no, but youre also happy about it. Are you guys still serving breakfast? Nope. Cause you never hear Unfortunately, nope. Nope is for dicks. Sometimes when I have to fart, I feel like my stomach is like a pushy attorney and my butt is like a judge. Theyre going back and forth having this furious debate, just back and forth, more and more heated, and eventually my butt is like, Ill allow it. [laughter, applause] Sustained. This better be silent, counselor. Its so frustrating. I dont know why, but I think of so many fart jokes. Ill sit down to write some jokes, we go for a walk, fart jokes just float into my head. Im prolific with fart jokes. But its frustrating because I cant tell them all, because its a bad style to have as a comedian. You know what I mean? You dont wanna be the guy who tells a lot of fart jokes. So I end up having to hold them in. I actually have to hold in… …jokes about farts, even. And it hurts. Then I get home, and I just tell one giant fart joke… [laughs] …to my place when Im alone, and thats terrible. I dont know a lot about the laws of the universe, but I will say this, just on the topic. If youre a man and youre alone somewhere, and you fart, a woman will appear. Just bam! Just like that. Its like they know and they just send one. He just farted. Get over there. Youre attractive? Even better. Go, go, go. Stand next to him! Embarrass that dude! [laughs] My friend said, Im way better with faces than I am with names. Its like, yeah, me too. Everybody is. If I see somebody, Im like, Thats his face, right there. The fleshy part on the front. Thats his face. Yeah. I heard somebody say, Hes like a brother to me. I said, Oh, Im so sorry. So he stole a bunch of money from your mom and he tries to fight you whenever you go back to New Jersey? I can relate. [laughs] – Too real, guys, too real. – [laughter] I was in a jewelry store and they had this necklace, it was like cursive writing in gold. And it said Diane. And I went up the saleswoman and I said, You know, if you had one that said Not Diane,  I think youd have a bigger market. And then I heard somebody go, Oh, thats a good point. I turned and it was the guy from the parking lot at the grocery store. – [applause, laughter] – Just like… What are you doing here? He said, I just wanted to stop into another mediocre joke. [laughs] People say shotgun when they want the front seat. You should say shotgun when youre eating rice and you have to sneeze. [laughter, applause] Cause theres that moment where theres no turning back, where youre just like, Snowstorms about to come out of my face, I dont know how else to tell you this. Just watch out. Ive heard people talk about their private parts. Id like to hear someone talk about their public parts. You okay? Yeah, yeah, I just hurt my publics on that door. Im fine. Your publics? My hands, man, my publics. You see? Sometimes Ill be in an awkward situation, and Ill try to save it really quickly by saying something fast, but often it just makes it worse. I was at a party and this woman said, Excuse me, your fly is open. I said, For business. And… I mean, thank you. Sorry, excuse me. If youre on the phone with somebody and theyre looking up some information for you, I dont know why, but they often make a soft laser sound while youre waiting. You know what I mean? Theyll be like, Okay, sir, let me just look up your account number. [softly] Too-too-too-too… Too-too-too-too… Too-too… What the hell was that? Totally acceptable. Only if its a soft laser. It cant be like, Okay, sir, just one minute. [makes loud laser sound effects and explosions] There it is. 628… Bum-bum-bum-bum… When they came out with the Phillips head screwdriver, I wonder if the guy who did the flathead was like, What? We can get credit for this? Shit! If I see a scary movie and then I come home, and theres a noise in my house, it sounds scary. Ive seen a lot of funny movies, I wish it would work the same way. Like, Did you hear that in the kitchen? Yeah. That was fucking hilarious. There is somebody hilarious in this house. [laughs] I hope they bump into some more stuff. I dont like the way they write on food packaging. I think its condescending. Because they use euphemisms where they really shouldnt. You know? Like, itll say best before April 3rd. Best before? Is this the time to be discussing excellence? How about dangerous starting on? Diarrhea at. Food is tricky. Like, milk starts out good, then it becomes bad. Then it becomes disgusting. Then it becomes dangerous. Then it becomes cheese. Way to turn it around, milk! [applause, laughter] Who figured that out? Man, your place smells terrible. You gotta get rid of this crap. Hold on. I just… wait. I wanna see where this is going. This vomit-shit smell might turn into the thing I wanna melt over everything I eat. So just wait. If I were inventing foods, I would have never come up with the hot dog. That is a very counterintuitive food design. Okay, what do you got? All right. Uh, we start with the intestine of a dead animal. We take all the meat byproduct you were gonna throw away, grind it up, shove it into the intestine. Im listening. What does it look like? A severed penis. How is it served? On a bun that looks like partially spread apart ass cheeks. What do you say? [laughter, applause] Youre calling it dog. Hm, very appealing. Itll work in America. When I was in grade school, they had the alphabet on the wall above the chalkboard, kind of going around the corner, and it was interesting cause you could see the uppercase and lowercase letter for each letter. It looked like a parent and child from each family. You know what I mean? And with some of them, you could really see the resemblance. Like with X I was like, Thats definitely your parent. I mean, I can see youre like a carbon copy. C, I totally get it. Z,  S,  I mean… identical. Others, like, harder to really see, you know? Like A, like is that… I dont know. I dont really see the resemblance. Looks like an O with like a crutch or something. But okay. R… did you smoke while you were pregnant or something? Cause… that kid looks unfinished. Thats kind of a weird-looking child you have there. And Q, did P and G… …kind of have an affair or something? And then they were like, Oh, what are we gonna do with this kid? And Q was like, I hardly get used. I could adopt it and look after it, just… Well call it a Q. Dont worry about it. If youre in a restaurant and you wanna get the check, you just go like that and they bring you the check. I think you should be able to do that at your job too. You know? If your boss walks by, you be like, Can I get the check? Can I… I need the check now. Yeah, for the… Thank you, yeah. The only time its okay to throw a hamster is if its out of the window of a burning building. Then youre a hero. Youre like, Live! [sighs] That felt great. Its the perfect size and weight. Ive always wanted to flick one of those. My smoke alarm is so annoying. I hate that thats how safety works, is that theyre gonna annoy me into being safe. I wanna put, like, microwave popcorn around my house. If I wake up in the middle of the night, Im like, That smells great. I gotta get the fuck out of here. Get a snack on the way. Thats a good idea. When youre trying to tell somebody a letter on the phone, youll be like, B as in boy. M as in Mary. Thats what people do. They always pick the first letter of the word. You could mix it up. O as in tango. F as in deaf. R as in fart. [laughs] Okay, sir, we get it. I dont like fitted sheets. I feel like thats a very passive-aggressive design were dealing with there. Does it have to be the exact same size as my mattress? Couldnt you give me a little bit of wiggle room? I do my laundry and Im already in a bad mood as I approach my mattress. Do the first corner, then the second. By the time I get to the third, Im looking at the fourth like, You son of a bitch. I get over there and its just such a struggle. Im like, I cant do it! Come on, come on. My fingers are killing me. Im just pulling that thing down the side as far as I can go. I get halfway down, Im like, Thats enough. Its fine. Four in the morning. Surprise, bitch! Get off me! Get off me! Fine, Ill use you as a thin blanket. There you go. Now what? I find that athletic clothes are perfect for just sitting around in. [applause, cheering] These are pajamas that make me look ambitious. I like this. – [laughs] – [whistling] Im an athlete. Ill even watch sports. There we go. Im so close. When I was in high school, I couldnt decide whether I wanted to be on the debate team or not. And that was frustrating. Happy birthday, by the way. – [woman] I just turned 30! – Hey, I used statistics. – Happy birthday. – [laughter, applause] Thats great. Thanks for coming. You just turned 30. Thats cool. Hows it going? – [woman] Great. – What are you doing? Like life-wise? Job-wise? I messed up that question. I could just What do you do? – She left. Oh, shit. – [laughter] Shes like, Im 30, I dont have to deal with this shit. Whats the minimum number of people you can have and it still counts as a surprise party? I wonder. It seems like its gotta be greater than one. If you come home and just one friend jumps out from behind your couch, Surprise! Get the hell out of my house! Its a party. No, youre an intruder. If I robbed peoples houses, I would just bring a lot of people and a cake just in case the person came home. They walk in, youre like, Surprise! Hey, we got you all your stuff. We put it in bags. Okay, were gonna go. Enjoy the cake. Bye. I think what I like the most about people who are very religious is how open they are to other peoples points of view. Its nice. I like atheists because you dont really ever hear about, like, an atheist, like, blowing up a school or, you know, a restaurant or something. Theyre never like, Science! [imitates explosion] Logic! [imitates machine gun] I heard this R&B song. It came on the radio. I was in a rental car. I turned the radio on. This song comes on. This guys, like, kind of telling a story, hes kind of whining. But okay, Im listening. All of a sudden, in the middle of the song, a rapper shows up. Guess these guys are friends or something. He shows up, he does a whole rap of just his own thing. Finishes up, he takes off. We never hear from him again. Hes gone. First guy comes back and he finishes the story, and then the songs over. I just thought that was hilarious. Cause Ive never seen that in any other art form. You know? Not like in literature, you know, youre reading a book. Whatd you think of that novel? Pretty good, you know, like, I got into the story, first seven chapters. Then in the middle, there was a really angry first person essay… This other writer, I guess. I dont know if theyre friends or something, but… You know, this guy has a big dick, hes gonna sleep with all these women, its a whole thing. And… hes not gonna by them stuff, though. He made that clear. Hell sleep with them, but hes not, you know, not looking to get tied down. All caps. Very confident. Uh… A lot of it rhymed, and then the essay was over. And then went back to the story. Yeah, it was all right. When I was a kid, I could climb trees. That was a thing I could do that I cant do anymore. I lost that privilege. You know? If I go down a street and I see a bunch of kids in trees, Im like, oh, theyre having fun. If I go down the same street and there are adults in all the trees, Im like, I need to get into a fucking tree now. [applause] Something bad is happening on this street. Theres like a wolf or something around here. Thats how you know youre a grownup, if someone sees you in a tree and theyre like, Get help! I dont know why, but if somebodys smelling something, and they also close their eyes while theyre doing it, I just wanna smack them in the face. Open your eyes. You can do both. You can look and smell at the same time. Dont do that. Sometimes they have a bottle and theyll have a little ship inside. Looks cool. Its like the ship in the bottle, you know? That would probably be the worst thing to have float up to an island that youre stranded on. This is no time for irony! People only mention that its a free country when theyre doing something shitty. [laughter, applause] – Its like… – [cheering] Hey, thats my seat. Its a free country. [mutters] Motherfucker… People should mention its a free country when theyre doing something nice too. Hold the door for a bunch of people Thank you, sir. Its a free country. Yes, it is, and you are a patriot. Thank you. – [cheering, whistling] – Yeah. I wonder if youre in prison, if the other inmates judge you based on what youre in for. Like, when theyre organizing events or activities, you know. Like, Should we get Joey on the committee? No, hes in for attempted murder. I feel like he doesnt really see things through. [laughter] On your tombstone… stay with me. [laughs] On your tombstone, they have the birthdate, and the death date. And in between, your whole life, everything you experienced, joys, triumphs, defeat, love, heart break… Pshht! Your whole life is just a little dash after all this. Thats a bummer. Im not doing that. Im gonna have an ellipsis. Im gonna have three dots. Somebody looks at my tombstone, therell be suspense. Theyll be like, He was born… Then what? Uh, he died. There it is. Right there. – But then… – [cheering] …three more dots, and a third date. Holy shit, this guy rallied! Whoa! What an interesting dead person. I would never go tandem skydiving. If something goes wrong, youre getting dry-humped to death. What a terrible way to go. What happened? Uh, looks like he got dry-humped going about 200 miles per hour into the earth. I got an email from someone that said, at the bottom, Warmest regards, Steven. Thats when I realized thats as warm as you can go with regards. You know what I mean? Like, Hot regards, Steven. Thats no appropriate, Steven. Steaming hot regards. What, did you just take a shit in my email? Warm or room temperature regards will be just fine for me. Okay? Regards are strange, cause you can only really send them. Its very hard to give them in person. You tell somebody, Hey, give him my regards. And they can kind of be the middleman and pass the regards along. You show up at a friends house, they open the door, youre like, Hey, regards. What the hell was that? Im regarding you. Dont do it, its awkward. I dont know how to deal with this. Please send them through someone else in the future, okay? I like buying shoes because you go the store, and they have those little mirrors, they have those little slanted mirrors. So funny, you know? How do those feel? These feel good. I was just wondering, do you have anything that could show me what theyll look like to dogs? Uh, yes, we do. We have these ridiculous small mirrors all over the room, so… Yeah, these. Oh, those are perfect, yeah, cause I dont want to be involved in the reflection, I dont want my identity linked to the shoes at all. I just want new shoes and severed shins, just floating around the room, like, as if Im four-fifths ghost or something would be perfect for me. Its weird, cause, like, when you buy gloves, they dont have mirrors off to the side where youre like, Oh, thats good. Just… …the glove and my wrist. Thats all, the forearm and the glove is all I really needed there. I saw a TV commercial for a TV. The basis of the commercial was, Look at how amazing the picture is on this TV. I looked at it and I was like, That looks remarkably identical to the resolution of my TV. I think Im good, thanks. I like the term sexual favor cause its a really funny understatement. You know? Anything else I can do for you? Uh, yeah. Just, um… …if I could ask a favor. What, you need a ride or something? Yeah, kind of. All right, I wanna get something offstage now. But I dont want there to be, like, a dead space in the middle of this special, so… I wonder if I, um… if I use editing, if I go from right here, if I could suddenly appear over there. Cool, that worked. All right. [laughs] – They cant see me right now. – [plays harmonica] [cheering] [playing harmonica] [chuckles] – [strums chord] – All right. – Yeah, that was… – [cheering] That was almost smooth. It was so close. [laughs] [plays guitar melody] I love playing guitar. I find it so relaxing. Im not great at it, but, you know, I still play cause I enjoy it. Ive tried to write songs, but its not my gift. I wrote a protest song, but it was an instrumental, so… So very ineffective. My friend called my other friend a night owl, and I was like, You know, owls are nocturnal. You could probably just call him an owl and that would cover it. I think its cool that flash mobs came and went so quickly as a phenomenon. I find that its a lot less creepy to ask a woman to dance with you than for you. What happened with number one pencils? I feel like they really blew it. My friends really good at doing the robot. Im pretty good. If you can imagine a robot thats so technically advanced that it moves exactly like a regular human being… …whos standing on the side of the dance floor being a judgmental asshole. [plays harmonica] Stuffed animals are cute… …unless they once lived. I wanna see a snake eat spaghetti. I saw that it was Shark Week. So sharks get a week every year. So black people get only three more weeks than sharks in this country. Thats messed up. I know were afraid of both, but I dont think thats appropriate. [plays harmonica] My friend has a beach body. Kind of like a sea lion. I wanna open an optical store. Ill make the sign really blurry. I think the best form of birth control is correcting other peoples grammar. Works every time. I like that they came up with the word crafts. Cause I think art and shitty art just sounds too mean. One restaurant that doesnt deliver that should is a food truck. Just drive it to my house. Come on, youre perfectly equipped for this. Taste buds sound like they get along really well with each other. I think most people who describe themselves as a people person should maybe check with others before they give themself that title. [plays harmonica] One place I would not want to be chased is Kenya. I think my favorite thing of all time ever, of everything ever, is exaggeration. No, Im sorry. I like second guessing the best. I prefer second guessing. Thats the best. If I had a safe in my house, the only thing I would put in there is a note that says, Nice try, asshole. I feel like most people are assholes because if I see a group of people and I go, Hey, asshole, they all turn and look. Sometimes Im worried that I might be an asshole. I feel like Im a good person, but, at the same time, if I see somebody trip, I feel like, Yeah. [laughs] Wasnt me. Awesome. Fall is the only season that has another name. Its like that one had a sex change or something, you know? Have you seen fall recently? You mean autumn? That joke is not offensive. Sometimes instead of saying for example, Ill say something such as, such as, for example. I go to the gym religiously. About twice a year around the holidays. [laugher, cheering] All right. I think Jesus was probably one of the first scarecrows. – [plays harmonica] – [crowd gasping] Thank you, harmonica. I dont like double-decker busses. I think thats a bad idea. Theres a situation where you can get in a car accident and fall down the stairs at the same time. Way too dangerous. If youre in a drum circle, I wonder if theres a moment where youre like, Im never gonna be rich. I think balls is a terrible nickname for that part of the male anatomy. Balls? That implies all these things we dont want done to them. You throw balls and you bounce them and you kick em. All bad. Terrible. They should have named them something better. Mints. You okay? Yeah, yeah, my lozenges just got grazed. Im fine. When I was in high school, I experimented sexually. The experiment was to never have sex with anybody, no matter how hard I tried. Success. When youve having sex with somebody, you can say, Yes or Yeah or Uh-huh. But for some reason, you cant say Yep. Oh, yep, baby. Ooh! Yep. Yep, yep. Yep, yep! Yep, yep, yep! Indeed! [plays harmonica] – [song ends] Thank you so much, everybody. – Thank you. – [cheering] Thanks. Thank you. [cheering] [soft rock music plays] [cheering, applause continues]

NATE BARGATZE@FULL TIME MAGIC@2015@Thank you. Wow. Wow. So… thank you. Thank you. Very kind. All right, all right. Its, uh, you know… Ill be honest with you. I dont think the shows gonna be as good as that. Like, I think I will let you guys down. Thank you guys so much. That was unbelievable. You guys are great. And, its just, you know, weve… I feel like weve peaked, so lets just get… doing it, something? All right. Im very excited to be here. My names Nate. Im married and stuff. This is what marriage feels like, by the way… what it feels like in here right now. Its just one person talking, and the others like, Im gonna get out of here. Its… Thats… We… Im from Nashville, and me and my wife, we were in Nashville last summer, and we went out on the lake with some of our friends. And we were, like, floating around in the water, and there was a guy in a boat, like, right next to us, and my wife was like, Oh, thats my ex-boyfriend in that boat. Now, I didnt know who he was, so she didnt have to say that at all, you know? She was just basically like, Are you having fun? Cause Id like to put a stop to that. And make you stare at this guy the rest of the day. So Im, like, staring at him, and then I look at my wife, and shes staring at him, and I feel like shes staring at him to see what her life would be like if she didnt marry me. So I started staring at him, cause Im like, I want to see what my life would be like if I didnt marry her, you know? And we were putting… we were putting so much pressure on this guy. And… we… we stared at him for a while. He did nothing exciting at all, and, uh, you know, we looked back at each other and just realized, You know what? We dont have a boat. Thats the only difference. My friends… my friends were like, You shouldve went and tried to fight him. Why didnt you go fight him? And I was like, Well, I wouldve had to swim over to that fight. So I dont know how intimidating that is, for a guy to see a head and a life jacket floating his way. And then I got to get in the boat, you know? Like, have you ever tried to climb into a boat from water? Its not aggressive. It takes an hour if no one is in the boat. Like, if hes in there, Im never gonna get in. I would need his help. Id be like, Could you help me into this boat? I cant tell you why, but I really need in this boat. We have a daughter now, and so its getting… you know, 2-year-old daughter… its getting pretty serious between me and my wife now. And its… I dont know. I was living in New York when my daughter was to be born. She was not born here, though. We flew home. She was born in Tennessee. I didnt want her to be born in New York. You know, I dont need her growing up thinking shes better than me. Yeah, yeah. I was like, You start where we start, all right? No one gets a leg up in this family. Its our first kid. I dont know if we had a kid too late in life. Sometimes I wonder, like, you know, Im 35. I was 33 when she was born, and, like… Cause you ever ask someone that has kids, youre like, Whens the best time of your life? They will say before they have kids or after their kids move out. Theres, like, 20 years they dont mention, and thats when kids were in their house. So by the time my daughter moves out, Ill be 53. Ill be dead within hours. So Ive just pushed it too far, you know? Like, I shouldve done it earlier. Like, I watched that show Teen Mom, and I was like, Man, those girls are nailing it. Like, thats what… Just get it over with, you know? No one likes junior high or high school anyway, so just throw a kid in the mix. Wrap it all up. If I had my daughter at 13, shed be moved out right now. Right now, shed already be gone. I will be excited, like… Ill be excited when she goes… like, when she goes to school, like, to do homework with her and stuff, you know? Cause its like bonding, and its not gonna hurt for me to do one more run-through. Just one more pass. None of it stuck for me. I went to community college for one year. Do… yeah. A couple of us? Just me and this guy. Thats… did you go for longer than a year? Or one year too? Or did you go to real college? Couple years. Oh, all right. Valedictorian over here, jeez. Just… I-I made it one. And whats even more embarrassing… that I do not have a credit. Literally, I do not have… I have zero credits. Do you have credits? You got credits, like, all of em? Did you graduate community college? You think youre better than me? No, just… I just started to attack. Hes like, I dont know. Its easy, I think, to graduate. Like, I… you know… My loan was $40. I just paid cash. Thats all. I was like, This is good. He was like, Thats more than enough. I was all remedial classes, which, remedial, you know, its like, they just… they dont count. None of em count, so all my classes were outside. Every one was outside. We wouldnt even meet inside the building. We would just meet at a picnic table outside, cause our teacher was like, Well, you guys will all be working outside. Were gonna teach you about weather, you know, and, like, were gonna teach you about morning dew, how to get your socks wet. Youre gonna be getting up pretty early the rest of your life. I hope you guys like sunrises, because youre gonna see a lot of em. Thats what remedial classes are for. Theyre a heads-up that youre gonna do manual labor. The assignments… our teachers be like, All right, so todays assignment is, were gonna help me move, so… Its… Im, like… Im pretty dumb. Im… like, you know, I tell people Im dumb. Im like, Hey, Im dumb. And… but no one goes, like, Okay. Theyre just always like, I bet youre not dumb. And youre like, Well, Im trying to help you out here. Uh, were about to have a conversation, so Im just trying to give you a heads-up. Heres a story… I can prove it… if I need to… like I got to prove it. Like, everybodys like, Now, we… yeah, you know. We dont need proof. Heres my proof, is, when I was 15, my first job was, in Nashville, was at Opryland theme park. We used to have an amusement park, and I was working, and Im sitting eating lunch, and this couple sits down, and we start talking and stuff. I was like, Im Nate. And the guys like, Im John. This is my wife, Jane, and they… their last name was Doe. So it was John and Jane Doe. And I was just like, Thats the craziest thing. Like, what are the odds of that, you know? Like, thats so crazy. Couldnt believe it. Cut to earlier this year. Im 35, Im driving, and Im thinking about John and Jane Doe. And, you know, I was like, I bet they were lying to me about that. Thats how long it took… 20 years… for me to catch on to a joke they wouldnt remember saying. I dont think they would remember it. Theyd be like, Maybe we did that. Well, it worked. It worked so good. I tried to… I tried to Google em, cause I was, like, Maybe theyre not lying, you know? Ill find em and go talk to em. But I am sad to report they were murdered. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, its not good. Yep. Its… Like, I think of it like… like time traveling. Like, if I could go back in time… like, if I could go back in time tonight and go back to, like, the 20s, knowing everything I know right now, I dont think I would make a difference. I dont think you guys would even hear about it. I dont think you would. I just dont… like, cause I dont have anything to get… You know, like I would go back, and I would see, like, some guy on a old phone, and I would be like, Hey, eventually they have phones you, like, carry in your pocket. And theyre like, Yeah? Its like, How do they do it? Im like, Phew, I mean, I dont know how they do it. Oh. I think its a satellite? I think… a satellite? Theyre like, Whats a satellite? Oh, I shouldnt have even said that, uh… Its like metal… Metals got to go pretty high in the air. I dont know if you guys are doing… I dont even know if I could prove Im from the future. I dont even think I could. I think I would just get stuck, cause they would want something. Like, Whos the next president? Oh, boy. Uh… Ooh… Abraham Lincoln. You guys are gonna love him. Hes really good. Theyd just think Im from the past. Thats… they were like… It would just look… And then Id have to get a regular job. I would just have to, like, wait tables or something in the 20s. I would go back in time and do worse than Im doing right now. I went and visited my parents recently. My parents have a real, real, real fat cat. Its real fat. People point it out, you know? They walk in; Theyre like, Man, that cats fat. And it feels rude, you know, like, He doesnt speak English, but we do, so maybe dont say that. And theyre just… you know, theyre like, What are yall feeding this cat? Youre like, Whatever you feed a cat, dude. Like normal cat food stuff. We pour a bowl. Like, if he eats eight birds outside, he doesnt tell us. You know, hes not like, Oh, I ate out tonight. Im good. And then theyre like, Well, yall should do something. Youre like, What do you think were not doing? Do you think he has a gym membership and we dont drive him to the gym? Hes a cat. Thats his gym membership, is, hes a cat. I watched him jump from the ground on top of the refrigerator. Thats like if I jumped on top of a school bus from the ground. Like, if I… if I did that, youre not gonna be like, Well, you still could lose a little bit, you know. Just keep doing what youre doing. I got to get in shape. Not this shape. This is not a good shape. Something… I got to get… really. I thought… I was like, Oh, Im doing an hour special. Thatll motivate me. And here we are. I tell people I got to get back in shape. Ive never been in shape, you know? Like, most people are like, If I could go back to my 20s. I would have to go back to 7. If I could get back to when I was 7, I was just killing it. I dont know how to work out. For me, a good workout would be… walking to McDonalds would be a great start. You know, maybe stand up and eat it. See if that does something. I ordered the P90X videos. I thought I could do that. Never worked out a day in my life, so lets do what the Navy SEALs do. You know why I ordered it? Cause in the commercial… you know how they have, like, a before body and after body? In the… I was blown away by the before body. I thought thats what you get to look like. I was like, That guy looks great. You know, I would love to look like him. Then I saw the after body, and I was like, Does the before body guy have a DVD? Cause that guy seems more my speed, you know. What did he do to get to that? And Ill just do that. Someone gave me an Under Armour shirt to wear. Have you ever wore one of those? Its, like, skintight. It just shows the worst parts of your body. I look better without a shirt on than with that shirt on. You know in plastic surgery how they draw markers on you? They should just put you in that shirt and be like, Obviously, you can see what were gonna go after. Im lazy. I can tell, like, watching sports… I was watching a football game, and Im sitting on my couch, and I was gonna get something to drink out of the refrigerator. Right when I get up, one guy… one team kicked off to the other team. And before I could get back, the guy ran a 100-yard kickoff return, and I missed it. The guy ran 100 yards before I could get 3 to maybe 4 yards. That guy also had 11 people really trying not to let him run 100 yards. I had… I didnt even have an ottoman in my way. It was wide open. I played sports growing up, though. I played baseball, and one time when I was playing, Im up to bat; I get walked. So I go, I take my base, I get to first base, I turn, and I look. The catcher was still holding the ball. And, like, he wasnt… you know, he was staring at me, almost like hes daring me to run, like, Why dont you see if you can go? I dont think you can go. And I was like, Im gonna go, all right? So I run to second. He throws it to second, overthrows second base, goes in the outfield. I run to third base. They overthrow third base, so my coach is, like, losing it, like, telling me to go home. Like, this is about to be an inside-the-park home run off a walk. Im about to be on Sports Center,you know? Like, this is the biggest thing thats ever happened in sports. So I go. I slide. Theres a play at the plate, and then the umpire goes, It was only ball three. So I have to now get up. Im dirty, for no reason, apparently. Im out of breath. I got to pick my bat up, exactly where I left it. Its now three balls, two strikes. Next pitch, immediately strike out. Immediately strike out. The umpire goes, Now you can go. Yeah, youre fine. I did learn something, though, that day. What I did learn was that if youre confident, you can get away with quite a bit, you know? Cause why didnt anybody stop me? No one stopped me. No one… they knew I wasnt supposed to be going. But I was so confident about it that thats why the catcher was holding the ball going, What? I dont… whys he… Is he supposed to be doing this? And then I run to second; Its like, Well, no ones that much of an idiot. I guess I wasnt paying any attention. The ball goes in the outfield. The outfield… theyre not looking. They think its a hit, you know, for all they know. And then I guess the umpire at some point realizes it and is just like… well, its easier for me to get all the way back to him to tell me. At least let me feel what it would feel like to get an inside-the-park home run off a walk. I was thinking about, too, like, all the parents in the stands, cause, like, they cant hear whats going on, so theyre just, like, watching this, and then I bat again. Like, theyre just like, I guess I dont understand baseball. I thought I knew… Its just… baseballs changed since I was a kid. Used to… you go around like that, youre done. You dont have to get back up there. I dont like these new rules. I drink too, which isnt… like, you know, that doesnt help. Me and that guy drink. We have pretty big problems and… Just us two. Its… I dont know. Ive had signs that I should quit drinking. One was, I did a show. It was three hours outside of Phoenix, Arizona. It was at a Indian casino, which I dont know if youre supposed to say. Im not… I dont know. Its… I dont know. It was like… I dont know what youre supposed to say. It was a casino. There was, like, a crazy amount of Indians there, and… so I… I go. I drive this three-hour drive to the middle of nowhere. I get there. I do the show. Then I was like, Im gonna go to bed, you know? Had to get up at 7:00 a.m., just be a normal person. Then Im meet this cool Indian dude, and we drink till 5:00 a.m. So then I have to get up… I sleep two hours, get up. Im walking outside with my roller bag. Its, like, 190 degrees. Im just questioning everything Ive ever done in my life. Im like, What are you doing, dude? And I look up, and theres a wolf. A real wolf, just in front of my car, just staring at me. Like, and Im just looking at this wolf. Im like, Why is this wolf… Im, like, looking around cause Im expecting, like, some guy to be like, Sorry, my wolf got loose and… But theres no guy. Its just me and this wolf. And hes just staring at me. And I dont know how to make a wolf leave. You know, youre like, Get out of here, wolf. Like, I dont know… what… So Im just staring, and Im, like, looking at him. Hes looking right at me. I said, Why is he not leaving? Then I just was like, Wait, is that that Indian dude I was drinking with last night? Is he a wolf? Is… It wasnt him. The wolf left. The wolf did wander off. And then I got in my car, and I was driving back, and this happened… This doesnt seem real, cause its back-to-back, but Im driving, and then I get stopped cause a helicopter lands in the middle of the road. Theres no one around but me and then this helicopter, and it picks up a guy and then flies off. Like, I shouldve videod it, cause its the craziest thing Ive ever seen. But Im, like, hungover, so Im acting like it happens every day. Like, Im honking at the helicopter, like, All right, out of all days? You couldnt have hovered a second and let me get under? The other one I had was, I got real drunk and let locked myself out of my hotel room completely naked. Yeah, Ive done that in my 2-year-old daughters lifetime. So… if she hears this and shes like, Oh, was that college? Its like, No, thats when you were the most dependent on me. Heres what… look, I dont know why I was sleeping naked. You just sleep naked when youre drunk. I dont do it normal. I think its gross. But that day, I was like, We should try that. Lets see what thats about. And then I remember, I was like, I got to put the Do Not Disturb sign on, so I walk and I open the door… Do Not Disturb sign, you can crack the door and it would fit outside. But acting like I was, like, moving a couch outside, and I was, like, opening it with my body, and then I step outside, and I heard the door shut, which was the most sobering noise Ive ever heard in my entire life. I was like, This is not good at all. You know, like, youre way too far. Im holding this Do Not Disturb sign, which is pointless. Its like I just walked out to be, like, a real Do Not Disturb sign, just for the hallway. I was like, Dont come down here. Were not ready. So Im standing there, and Im like, All right, what are you gonna do? You know, so I look, and theres a window. I was like, I could jump out of that. Thats easier than having to explain this to my wife. And then I looked to the left, and there was a cleaning lady, and shes just staring at me. And the reason shes there is because its 11:00 a.m. Thats how far in the day it is. And Im, like, looking at her… And, look, I dont have a body that, like, when she sees it, Im like, Youre welcome, you know? Its like, Im sorry. Look, Im really… I dont know. So I looked at her, and she knew what I needed, you know? Like, we didnt really talk. Like, I just kind of looked at her like, Whew, you know, this happens… happens to the best of us, right? And she looked at me like, It does not… it does not happen. She just let me back in my room. When I told my comic buddies, they tried to make me feel better. Theyre like, I wouldnt even worry about it. I bet she sees stuff like that all the time. And I was like, I bet Im in her top three. She might walk in on people naked, but no one ever charges at her naked and then needs her help, you know? Someone might run by her and laugh. No one goes up to her like, Look, youre the most important person in my life right now, and I need you to be on board with all of this, all right? Dont ask questions. Ill mix it up, like, too, like, cause, you know, when youre gonna lose weight, you try to, like, go… you ever do vodka-soda when you want to lose weight? Like, Ill do vodka-soda, then you drink it like beer, and you wake up in the street. But youre like, Im not bloated, and thats nice. You know, thats… It feels so good, just that little… youre finding any little thing. It all does… it leads to the eating… like, I mean, look, I dont need help eating bad at all. Ill do it naturally. And drinking just makes it… the decision that much easier. I have… like, I do all chain stuff. I like my restaurants to be doing good everywhere in the country. I just want to go, and wherever I go in the… Ive eaten McDonalds in Dubai. Cause Im like, Well, lets see what theyre doing. You know, like, Whats their McDonalds like? Its a little different. And Applebees… Im a big fan of Applebees. You know, I really just… whatever… If I eat somewhere thats not Applebees, I will only eat what Applebees would serve. Like, if Applebees is not on board with it, Im not gonna be, you know? I eat at Walmart. You can eat there. Its fine. Theyre fine with it. And… Walmarts great. Theyre always open. No one likes… you know, no one likes Walmart, but theyre always open. Thats why theyre great. There was a fire at a Walmart, and they did not shut down. They remained open during the fire. Like, some people didnt even know there was a fire. Other people thought they were just selling fire. Like, thats… thats not that crazy of a thing. Im a Walmart guy. I think Im in the middle, you know. Im not Kmart, but Im not Target, you know? I dont… Im not old money. I dont think Im better than everybody. Just right in the middle. You ever go to Kmart? Like, Kmart doesnt even look open when you go in there. You just walk in, youre like, Are you guys about to close? Are you getting looted or something? Theyre like, No, were open. Are you? Are you gonna cut the lights on on that side of the store? Maybe get some stuff, you know? Kmart looks like where you go buy stuff if you were about to open a new Kmart. If you… if you needed shelves for your Kmart, youre going there and be like, This is… this is good. I think were gonna do it right here. I lived here for eight years, and I love New York. I love the driving. Thats whats, like… See, I think we should all learn how to drive in Manhattan. Cause its great. Everybody honks at everybody. Just screaming, yelling. Thats how it should be. Growing up in the South, no one honks ever. People just sit at lights, and theyre like, If you dont want to go, I totally understand. Im probably not gonna go when I get up there, so… lets just wait it out, you know? Lets let traffic die down, and well get home tomorrow. I once had to take my car to get it fixed, and I go to, like, this mechanic. It was, like… it looked like it was just, like, this dudes house, and I go inside, and there was, like… there was a line. There was, like, people in there. So were sitting there… they were taking forever, and were all getting, you know, pretty upset about it. Finally, one of the fellow customers just starts yelling at all the employees, and I was like, This guy is great. Like, I loved it. Like, I would never do it, but I like when other people do it. So I was like, Good for you. Just keep yelling at them. And he keeps yelling, and then a mechanic comes over and is like, You got to calm down. You cant yell at us like that. And the guy keeps yelling. Im like, This guy is great. Like, hes getting stuff done. You know, like, nothing can happen. Uh, I was wrong. Because they fist-fought him. They fist-fought him, and then they just dragged him outside. We just watched it. Like, all of… we just… we, like, moved up, and were like, Thats crazy, right? And… Just like, I guess thats what goes on here. Like thats in the employee handbook. Its like, What are you gonna do if someone gets upset? Well, Id like you to fight em in front of the other customers so they get it and then drag him outside so people driving by get it as well. You know what our motto is… our motto is, What did you say? Thats what I thought you said. Keep your mouth shut.' Yeah. You know, I tweeted about it when it happened. Like, afterwards, I thought it was funny. And they found me. Thats how crazy they were. They found it on Twitter, and they were like, Hey, could you follow us so we can send you a message? I was like, How about, I got the message, all right? I got it. Ill delete the tweet. Dont worry about it. They were crazy. You just dont say… I dont say anything, you know, like, you know, anything about stuff that goes on. You just let stuff happen. I was flying recently, and I was on my… Now when you fly, you know you can leave your phone in airplane mode. So Im, like, sitting there. Were about to take off. Im playing a game. This lady leans over a guy and was like, Hey, you got to cut your phone off. And I was like, What? And she goes, You got to cut your phone off. You cant have it on. I was like, You dont have to do that anymore. And she was like, You have to do it. I go, You dont have to do it. Thats not the rules, you know? And she was like, Look, Im not a rule maker. I was like, Well, youre acting like a rule maker, cause those are not the rules. And she just… she goes, Cut it off, all right? And guess what. I cut it off. I cut it off, and now I think about her every day. Every day, I think about her. I just want to find her again. I really do. If she ever sees this, you are not right, all right? I was completely right. This is, I think, the only way. You were wrong about it all. I travel a lot doing comedy, which is great. Ive been to, like, a bunch of different countries, and I… like, its all wasted on me. It would be better for you guys to go than me. I dont know where Im at, like, in the world, like, when Im there. Like, I could be an hour from my parents or, like, five days. Im like, I dont know. Its somewhere, you know? I went to Bahrain, and I told people I went to Bahrain, Saudi Arabia, like it was the city of Saudi Arabia. And they were like, You know Bahrains its own country. I was like, Are they now? Good for those guys, you know? Yeah, thats good. Good for them. I went to Honduras. I went there. Pretty… I have a pretty decent fan base there, and… Yeah, this specials gonna blow that place up once… I mean, theyre gonna be like, Wow, thats unbelievable. A lot of fans, and its… No, Im joking. It was… it was a USO tour, so we go. And I remember I went to the airport, and I, like, told the guy… I was like, Hey, Im going to Honduras. And the guy was like, All right, like, what city? And I was like, Well, I mean, Im just learning right now thats not the name of the city. Ugh. You know, where do you think I would be going? Like, looking at me, which plane do you want me to get on? We land in Honduras, and this guy picks us up. Hes driving us to the army base, and on the way there, he was like, Look. Theres a couple things you got to keep an eye out for. Hes like, When you go to bed at night, you got to check your bed for spiders. Like, spiders hide in your bed. Hes basically just like, Youre not gonna sleep. Hope thats cool. And then hes like, Theres a lot of snakes too, a lot of venomous snakes, so keep an eye out for snakes. But if you do get bit by a snake, the best thing to do is go ahead and just catch the snake and then bring it with you to the doctor. And youre just gonna be like, This is the snake that bit me.' And I was like, What? Im not gonna do that part of it. Like, you want me to catch a snake, dude? Ive never caught a snake in my life. And you want me to get bit. Then I got to get it together and catch a snake for the first time? I was like, Its not gonna go good. Hes gonna keep biting me. Thats all thats gonna happen. And he was like, It doesnt matter. Youve already been bit. And I was like, What? Do you even know what a snake is? Because it completely matters. There is a huge difference between one bite and probably 30 bites, which is what we will be at if I try to catch this snake. Like, who told you to say this, the snake? Is that who you asked? I dont believe in science, you know? Thats just… I dont understand it, so its easier not to believe in it as a whole. That gets you out of a lot of arguments. If youre just like, I dont believe in science, theyre like, All right, do you need help or… Scientists could be making stuff up. Thats a great job to have if you want to make stuff up, cause no one… no one can challenge you. You know? No one, like… Nobody say anything. Like, they dont even get in trouble if they mess up. Like, the Earth was 2 billion years old. Then theyre like, Now its 4 billion years old. Its like, All right, like, how many people got fired after that? And theyre like, Nobody. Youre like, Really? Yall just… nothing? Cause yall were way off. I read beetles are 320 million years old. Its like, Are they? Or you just know that I dont know how to figure that out? Cause you could be doing that, you know? Like, I feel like thats your first job as a scientist. Like, when you go, they would just probably do the beetles thing. Theyre just like, Go see how old beetles are. Like when youre a new scientist and then youre… You know, you dont think… the guys are just… Those guys are, like, back there, like, Just write… write 320 million. Like, it doesnt matter. Like, whos even gonna check, you know? Its like, No ones gonna question us. We can change it at any point. Pluto, you know, Plutos not a planet. Or it might be a planet. I dont know. They change it every five seconds. The last I heard, its not, and thats, like, crazy. Thats when I left science. I was like, Im out. Like, You cant do that. You cant jam Pluto down my throat my whole life, and then the second I get out of school, youre like, We were just kidding about Pluto.' It affected me. In elementary school, I got a C minus on a test because I forgot to put Pluto, and turns out, I shouldve got above an A. Thats what I shouldve got. Yeah. I shouldve been asked to teach the class. I shouldve immediately taught that class and be like, Nates apparently the best. I never believed in Pluto, you know? I said, Its too far. Thats what I told people. I go, You just… you guys will see. I watched a thing on 60 Minutes once about, like, this guy with animals. It was about buying tigers. Like, you can buy… Like, if you guys want a tiger, theres a guy you can go to, and you can buy a tiger if you want. And I was like… see, they did this whole undercover reporting. And they filmed, like, where he keeps tigers. And then, you know, they, like, asked him afterwards. Theyre like, Hey, do you think its too easy to buy a tiger in this country? And he was like, Yeah, yeah, sadly, it is. And that was, like, my favorite part, you know? I was like, Thats why Americas the best. I didnt even know you could buy tigers. I wouldve been embarrassed to ask. And then I watched this, and I was like, I dont even have to jump through hoops if I want to buy a tiger. Its not an all-day thing. Its an hour. Ill be right back with our tiger. And everybody wants to get rid of guns, you know, like guns are the problem, but what makes me nervous is, like, you take away guns from people, those are the exact same people that will buy tigers. Thats gonna be a much bigger problem, all right? Youre probably gonna be like, Look, heres your gun back. Theyll be like, No, Im good. My tiger is way better than my gun. My gun missed all the time. My tiger rarely misses. Even if he does miss, its just for a second. Its never long. Like, if a guy dodges a tiger and hes like, Your dumb tiger missed, its like, Well, he did not. Hes right behind you now. And he is furious, so… You know that saying, like, Guns dont kill people; People kill people? The new saying will just be like, These tigers are killing people. I dont know. It wont be a good saying. Itll just be asking, like, Do you know where your tigers at by any chance? Do you have any idea? You dont know? Thats… all right. Thats a big problem. Its… I love doing comedy, though. Its great. The shows almost over, just so you guys know. I like to let… I like to let everybody know where were at. Were about done. I think it makes you feel better when youre like, All right, thanks. Thanks. Like, how many movies you go to, and then youre just like, Jeez, this is taking forever. And if a guy, like, popped in the screen, was like, Its about to wrap… Yeah. Its… I know. I know. Two more seconds. And youre like, Thanks, man. That was, you know… I love doing comedy. I was… there was a time I was gonna quit. I was gonna quit early on. I tried. Then there was no one to quit to, no one. Heres why I do it, or I think why. My dad… my dad is an entertainer as well. Hes a magician. Still is a magician. Started as a clown. Just, you know, I dont want to come off like I come from some rich magic family… And Im better than you guys. You know, he paid his dues, his clown dues. Its weird when your dads a clown. Its weird every day. Its… I never trusted clowns, you know? Like, have you ever been yelled at by a clown? I have. Do you know how confusing that is, to get screamed at by a guy thats got a smile painted on his face? Youre like, Is this not the same clown those kids are gonna see outside? He was a clown till I was about 12 and 13, and thats about as long as you want your dad to be a clown. When youre six and seven, theres perks, absolutely. By the time youre 12 and 13, kids at school are like, Is he still doing that? Youre like, You know, off and on. All right, guys? Yeah, hes almost full-time magic, so… I… like, its funny, too, when I tell people that my dad was a clown. People will just be like, Oh, I hate clowns. Its like, Hey, remember… remember that time I just said my dad was a clown? I just said that. Youre just like, I hate your father.' Hanging out with comedians is, like, some of the best, the funnest time… I dont know… because comedians are crazy. They can be. Like, a good buddy of mine is a comedian. His names Luis J. Gomez, and… Whoo! Big fans. A couple Luis J. Gomez fans. Me and Luis once, we go to McDonalds to go eat, right? Like, Im a big fan, so, uh… And everybody acts like, when I go there, theyre like, Havent been here in forever. Its like, Dont act like Im the one keeping em afloat. All right? You know? Someones coming here. So we go in. We ordered our food, and then we take our food, and we sit down at our table. And then Luis went to the bathroom. He left me alone with his food. So I was, You know what? Im gonna play a prank on him. So I grabbed his hamburger. I unwrapped it. I took a bite out of it. Then I wrapped it back up. I put it back down on his tray. So thats my big prank, right? Like, when he comes back from the bathroom, Ill be like, Dude, did they eat your burger before they gave it to you? Thats crazy that theyre doing that, right? Is that crazy? Its a stupid prank. Its harmless. It should never leave the table. All that should happen is, Luis should come back, he should open his burger, his first reaction should be to look at his best friend, whos sitting with him, who also, by the way, dabbles in comedy… And just be like, Hey, I just wanted to run this by you, uh, before I unexpectedly go freak out on this entire McDonalds. Thats what I thought would go down, just a quick, Hey, did you touch my food the only time it was out of my sight? I just want to know before I try to fight a group of people that are gonna be pretty confused on why theyre fighting. But instead, I got to learn Im friends with a lunatic and a guy comfortable fighting McDonalds employees, because he opened his burger and could not have ignored me quicker. He looked at them so fast, almost like he expected them to do it, like… Like its happened before, and hes like, Again? Again with this? He just starts yelling at everybody, just, Im gonna fight everybody till I find out who ate my burger. He gets up. He starts walking towards em. I cant believe this is even working. We are so much farther than Im prepared to get. So I grab him; I was like, Dude, I ate your burger. I ate it. Why would you not look at me once to see if I did this? I walked him back to the table, and we sit down, but its already, like, weird. Like, everybodys, like, looking at us. It takes ten minutes for people to quit filming us with their phones. And it hits me. I start, like, thinking about it. I go, Dude. I go, Luis. Youre out of your mind. Youre gonna get killed one day, dude. I was like, You were about to go fight a guy. I was like, Lets pretend Im not here, all right? Lets pretend that someone did eat your burger that worked at this McDonalds. You were gonna go blindly fight that guy. Not even try to size him up, see what he looks like? Do you really think you could beat up a guy that is apparently pretty confident in himself that hes making burgers, hes then eating em, and then hes wrapping em up and just sending em out to whoever? You dont think that guys probably the greatest fighter of all time? I think youre gonna walk to that McDonalds counter and be like, Who ate my burger? And all the McDonalds employees are gonna part ways. They know exactly who youre talking about. In the very back, youre gonna see a guy cracking his neck. Hes got his fist in the fryer, doesnt even know it. Hes just warming his hands up. Guys, thank you so much for coming out. You were unbelievable. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. You were great.

LOUIS C.K.@SNL MONOLOGUE MAY 16@2015@ [into the microphone] Thank you very much, you guys! … [the audience cheers] Hi. A little early for that. Well, thank you very much for being here. This is the 40th year of this shows existence and this is the finale so Im very honored honestly to be asked to host it. So thanks and Im glad you guys are here. Yeah, thats fine. Anyway, I was born in 1967, so I grew up in the 70s. So Im not racist — however, I do have mild racism. Its the best I could do coming out of the seventies because that was a very racist decade. People said racist things all the time and nobody got offended. The only time someone got offended if you said something racist in the 70s is when they would then say Hey you interrupted me, I was saying something racist, why did you interrupt me? So I have mild racism. Its benign, its not aggressive. Its not even negative racism, its mild racism. Ill give you the example. If I go to a pizza place Ive never been to before, and its run by four black women. Ill go like. Hm… See, its very mild! Its extremely mild racism. Id noticed that. Hm, you dont usually see that, four black women running a pizza place… Unless its called Four Black Girls Pizza, or something like that. — Like thats the all point of the place. Heres another example of mild racism. If Im in a hospital and the doctor comes in to treat me and the doctor is from China or India, Ill think well, good, good… good, more of that! Why not? Its very mild racism. This is another example. If Im in a gas station late at night and a young man comes in wearing a hooded sweatshirt… if hes white Ill think oh hes an athlete. If hes black, unless he has a big smile on his face, that Ill become mildly racist and this is what I think, I think Thats fine. Everything is fine! Nothing is gonna happened. No, of course, Im fine. Why would I even think that for a second! This because I was raised in the seventies. The seventies were very different time. Everything was different in the 70s than it is now, except the Middle East. Its exactly the same as it was in the seventies. Its been the same fights and you know what, its boring now, thats the worst part of it. When I was a kid were like Uhh… but you cant go like this for a 1000 years. After awhile when you fight people dont care, cause when you both just keep fighting everybody is just like Those guys are dicks, they just fight. Thats what its like… I have 2 kids and they fight sometimes. When they first start fighting I get concerned. I go in the room and Im like Hey whats going on? Whats wrong? Are we having some feelings? Can we listen to each other please? Can we please just listen to each other? Okay, you go first. And she goes– shes like– [bickering sound] Hmm…yeah, that sounds hard. [bickering sound continues] Okay, okay, thank you thank you. Okay, now you… [bickering harsher sound] Cause I like this one a little more so thats why Im making… [bickering harsher sound continues] Hmm… And they work it out. You help them working it out. But if they keep fighting, you stop doing that. After a while you just go in the room and you just go HEY! JUST SHUT UP! BOTH OF YOU! YOURE BOTH WRONG! Cause you wont stop fighting! Youre in a family, theres other people in this family and youre being a couple selfish little bitches that wont fix anything! Youll share a room, we cant afford another room, so just deal with it! Somehow this has to do with Israel and Palestine… I dont remember now. It is because my kids are like Israel and Palestine, and Im like America. The little one is like Palestine because she always gets screwed, she gets the worse deals. Shes like she threw a rock at my face! Im like Youre fine. You have a great life, you take a rock to face once in a while, youre fine. The older one is like Israel. She comes up to me, She burned all my dolls. Im like, Look, I cant do anything about it right now. Your sister is crazy. Please dont make me talk to her. Ill work it out you and me, okay? Well go out and Ill buy you a really cool missile… and you do whatever you want with it, is totally up to you. The seventies were very different. In the seventies there was a child molester that lived in my hometown. It wasnt a big deal. We called him a child molester, it was just like yeah, thats the house where the child molester lives. Hey kids, dont be stupid, youll get molested. Just stay away from the child molesters house. I know because he did something to me when I was your age. So just stay away from the child molesters house. We had a town child molester, his name was Jean Baptiste, this is a true story. He liked teenage boys, thats when you would find out because I was a teenage boy. He didnt like me and I felt a little bad. [in a French accent] Not you… He wasnt into me. But he would drive next to teenage boys and would say Hello, would you like to go to McDonalds? And youd be, like No. And hed be like Why? You dont like McDonalds? And then you were trapped because of course everybody liked McDonalds, it was the seventies. And then I had one friend who used to get in the car and hed like Sure, Ill go, and hed get in the car. Hed go to McDonaldss, eat a burger and say See you and hed just take off. And Jean Baptiste was like duoghhh. But he would always try, Maybe this time!!! Because child molesters are very tenacious people. They love molesting childs [sic], its crazy. Its like their favorite thing. I mean its so crazy because when you consider the risk in being a child molester—speaking not of even the damage youre doing, but the risk—there is no worse life available to a human than being a caught child molester and yet they still do it. Which from, you can only really surmise, that it must be really good. I mean from their point of view, not ours, but from their point of view, it must be amazing for them to risk so much! How do you think I feel? This is my last show, probably. Look, I cant key into it. Because I love Mounds bars, I love Mounds bars, its my favorite thing right, but theres a limit. I cant even eat a Mounds bar and do something else at the same time, thats how much I love them. Like if Im eating a Mounds bar I cant read the paper. I have to just sit there with it in my mouth, and go Why is this so good? I love this so much. Because they are delicious, and yet if somebody said to me if you eat another Mounds bar you will go to jail and everyone will hate you, I would stop eating them. Because they do taste delicious, but they dont taste as good as a young boy does—and shouldnt!—to a child molester, not to me! Not to us, because were all awesome. All right, we did it. We got through it.

ILIZA SHLESINGER@FREEZING HOT@2015@Were in Denver. I have what Im hoping is altitude sickness and not some, like, weird form of meningitis. They keep telling me its not meningitis, but they dont know. Weve got an amazing crowd. All the tickets are gone, which is great. All fans. People who are coming to my show should expect a healthy dose of very honest, hilarious, aggressive comedy. The specials called Freezing Hot, so the set is freezing hot. Theres a big old explosion in the background, palm trees and snow, and then theres a surprise at the end: my girl Blanche. When I first started traveling, I decided to get her so Id have someone to be with me on the road, and fans like her. Come here! Okay, thank you. We have to go make an hour special. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Iliza Shlesinger! Thank you! Denver! I picked… I picked this city. I picked this city as my favorite city to do comedy in, for this special. Thank you. Thought it was gonna be a lot colder. Really did. I always feel like weather is something you can use to ingratiate yourself toward other girls. Guys have sports, when they meet: Whats up, bro? You see 30 for 30? Fuckin right, I did. Yeah. With girls, its not fashion or anything else, its the weather. Its like, Oh, my God, it was so hot. Like, earlier. And then the other girls like, It was so hot! I noticed that, I feel. I love it when its hot, but not too hot. Do you know what Im talking about? I know what youre saying. Like, I totally get it. But not too hot. But I also like it when its cold. Me too, but not too cold, no. If its too cold, its like, brrr. I like to talk about the weather. But the weird thing for being a girl is even if you live in cold weather, girls always have an issue with deciding what outer layer we should wear. We always defer to the guy. Like, Babe! Should I do a jacket? Jacket? A short one? A long one? Youre not looking? Okay. If I should do a jacket. For the… Are we going to the thing? Do a jacket? Should I do it? Should I do a jacket? Will you just pause Halo for two seconds? Thanks. Jacket… should I do it? Should I do a jacket? Not a jacket. Should I just do, like, four scarves and no pants? Seems counterintuitive. Do a jacket? Jacket? Jacket? Jacket? Finally her boyfriends like, Yeah, bring a fuckin jacket! And youre like, I dont want to bring a jacket! – Why not? – Cause then I have to carry it! Girls hate the idea of carrying a jacket. Its too heavy! The female body is capable of carrying a human being… for nine months, but apparently a lightweight jacket stuffed with feathers is where we draw the line. Should I bring a jacket? In your 20s, you never bring a jacket. Some of you are in your 20s, so remember, like, yesterday? Do it. In your 20s, you never brought a jacket. Youre invincible and a little stupid. I dont need one. Thats why its so funny for those over 30 to watch 20-year-olds at, like, 2:00 a.m., like, braving the cold. Shivering. Doing this shit with their dresses. Like, pulling it down. All those shoes cracking under the pressure. My dress wont… Youre not wearing a dress! Its a tube sock! You always rationalize it. Its not that far from the car to the bar. In your 20s, you risk that icy walk for the glory of not having to wear a jacket. You have no problem with that two-minute walk. Not every girl makes it. Ive lost many a hot Amber to that walk. Youre like, Wheres Amber? Ambers frozen. Like, Go! Order a lemon drop and toast to my memory! Its the worst when youre cold, you cant find your car. If youre with a group of girls, resign yourself to the fact youre probably not going to find your car. Even if youre brilliant, theres something in the genetic makeup of women that disables us from remembering where the car is parked. Its rare that a woman parks the car and is like, Boop! Okay, Im in spot 4-F. Let me remember that. Let me be responsible for my choices in this life. Something disengages and takes over, and were just like, Boop! Whats this? And then we just, like, wake up in a Sephora. Always bring at least one guy. Theres something in the male makeup. Men always find the car. They throw down breadcrumbs, Hansel and Gretel-style. Maybe theyve got a tracking device in their junk. I dont know. Like, ping, ping, ping! He may not even find your car. He will find you a car, and youll get in it. Guys, Ill tell you a secret: We dont want to look for the car. Its boring. If I do a scan and I dont see it, Im like, Someone stole it! Thats always the go-to. Stole it! Sometimes well act like were stressed, even if were not. Thats our go-to. Women have been told theyre feebleminded. Once in a while, well play into it to our advantage. I dont know where the car is, okay? Im sorry! Youre perfect! And I dont know where the car is. I dont even… I dont know where the car is, okay? Im trying, okay? Im stressed out because Im working, like, ten hours a week. And Im like… Theres the car. Thank you, Officer, we found it. Like your jacket. Girls always defer to the guy when it comes to weather questions. Every girls done this, where you wake up in the morning, next to your husband, your boyfriend, or whatever Dairy Queen manager Tinder has set you up with. 8:00 a.m., first thing out of your mouth, youre like, Babe… is it cold outside? And your boyfriend wants to be there for you. Hes like, I dont know cause Im inside. Its chilly. Chilly. Girls hate being cold. We hate it. Girls dont like to be chilly. Guys, dont let your date get cold. Were not happy when were cold. Come here, babe. I gonna warm you up. Dont fucking touch me. Its not what I want. Girls dont want to have sex when theyre cold. In my life, Ive never been like, Oh, my God, Im so cold, I just wish I had somebody to fuck! It doesnt really happen. We dont get horny when we get cold. It sends a message to our brain: Time to go home. Time to hibernate. Time to watch a show on TLC about a 600-pound woman eating herself to death. Thats what we want to do. Cold! Dont let your date get cold. Were not happy when were cold. The body language for Im cold and Im fucking pissed at you is the same body language. Girls dont like being cold… but we love cold weather. Thats girl logic for you. Everythings a contradiction wrapped in a bow. It gets pretty. Glitter. Its the same thought process thats like, Im gonna wear tight pants, but dont you look at my butt! I am so cold, Im sweating. It is freezing hot in here. I dont know. I dont know how I feel. All girls love fall. I dont know if you know that. All girls are required to love fall. Yeah. Required. Thats right. When we applied to be girls… went to the girl counter. They hold your girl card up. Whats your favorite season? And you go, Its fall, motherfucker. And theyre like, All right. Heres your girl card, your uggs, your glitter. Go have fun, be insecure. Thats what being a girl is. Girls love fall so much, Ive been planning this fall since July… of, like… of, like, two years ago. We fucking get into fall. You dont even have to tell girls when its fall. We know. Oh, we sense it. We get into it. The second it turns fall, the second a leaf falls somewhere in, like, Connecticut, we feel it. Sit at home, watching TV. Outside the temperature drops from, like, 86 to 63. We pop out of the ground like gophers. We sense that fall is here. Watching TV, fall comes, were just like… – Did you feel that? – It was a breeze. - Fuck yeah! Cinnamon, nutmeg, cloves… – pumpkin everything! Pumpkin! Eat the pumpkins! Lets plan fall shit! You drag your boyfriend by the teeth. Lets go! Were doing fall shit! Were going apple-picking! Babe, theres no apple orchards in Los Angeles. Fine. Im going to the grocery store and throw apples at children. Something! We go on Pinterest, start pinning fall ideas. Leaves, thats a fun thing we like to fuck with. Every year the leaves change color, and we lose our shit. Every… Did you see the leaves? Oh, my God! Last week they were green, and now theyre brown! Theyre not brown. Theyre fuckin dead, you sicko! Theyre fuckin dead, and youre doing crafts with their corpses. Have you no respect for nature? That was a living thing, you monster! What are you gonna do with your dead leaves? Im gonna make a pile on the front lawn so the kids can play in the death. What are you gonna do with your dead leaves? Im gonna make a wreath on the front door as a warning to other dead leaves not to fuck with me! – Did you just eat a leaf? – I did. Pin pin pin. We love Pinterest. All girls love Pinterest. Anyone? Yes! Pinterest. Porn for white women. We love it. We love planning things on Pinterest. Lot of girls plan weddings on Pinterest. One of my girlfriends got married on Valentines Day. And, joking, I was like, Oh, my God, thats so fun. What was your theme? Dead serious, she was like, We did, like, love, but, like, under the stars… under the sea. So… I was like, Okay, its a wedding, not a prom. I tell you what, Denver, if and when I get married, Im gonna get married the day after Valentines Day, and my theme is going to be 75 percent off chocolate. Right? Yeah! Cause its my day! Guys, any of you that are engaged, your fiancee has already planned your entire wedding on Pinterest. Shes planned your wedding, future vacations, your fucking funeral. Its on Pinterest. And we dont do it when youre looking, no, cause if you saw how creepy we got with Pinterest, you wouldnt have us. We do it under the cloak of night. We wait. We get a pumpkin spice latte and we go in. We log on to Pinterest. Gentlemen, Pinterest for girls is like Call of Duty for guys. I got a fuckin headset on, talkin shit to 14-year-olds in Michigan. First person pinning pictures of Channing Tatum. Like, Hes mine! Ha ha! Pin pin pin pin pin. You get into these creative downward spirals, pinning and pinning. Am I looking at porn? Pin pin pin pin pin. Im not even sure at this point. Natural water birth? Why am I pinning that? Pin pin pin pin pin. Looking outside six hours, seven hours, 24 hours later. – Open the mini blinds. – Its sunny outside! Keep pinning for the glory! Babe! I want to show you what Im pinning for my wedding… our wedding. Oops. Ha ha! Come in here. I want to show you. I have all these fun ideas. We should do a chocolate waterfall. Instead of chocolate, we should do bridesmaids tears. I think its fair. Its only fair. I want to show this to you. Come in here, Brian, Ryan… Who gives a shit what your name is? Im getting married. I want to show this to you. Do you like the pink napkins or the red napkins? I think theres a difference. Im so stressed out, and I dont know what Im doing. I dont know. Do you think Im pretty? I dont know. I dont know what the theme should be. You know what the theme should be? That your moms a bitch, thats what the theme should be. This is so hard, but I want to do it anyway, because I love you so much, and its gonna be amazing! I can do it, man. Im gonna be on all these ideas. We should do a swan. We should do a dove. We should do a swan made of doves. Babe, will you Google Human Centipede, but for doves, and see if we can sew them together ATM-style? Yes, I know what ATM is, Ive seen your porn. I love you anyway. # Dum dum da-dum, Im getting married before my sister # I want to show this to you. What? Yes, Im wearing a diaper! Im not getting up. I want to show this. Its going to be amazing. Babe! Babe! Babe! Babe! Babe! Babe! Babe! Babe! Babe! Babe! Babe! Babe! Babe! Babe! Babe! Babe! Babe! Babe! Babe! Is it cold outside? Pin pin pin pin. Girls get cold easily because were not allowed to eat as much as we want in one sitting. Trying to get another girl to admit shes hungry, its like a standoff. You cant admit youre hungry. Thats admitting weakness, defeat. Are you hungry? Me neither. So… – Are you hungry? – No, I ate last week, so… I could do this all day. Im chewing my on tongue. It feels good enough. Eventually one, usually the smaller one, will concede. Ill… if youre… Ill go with you. If youre hungry, Ill go with you. Ill go with you. Ill go with you. Subtext: Ill watch you get fat. Ill go with you. Ill have, like, a bite. Whatever you get, Ill have a bite. Im easy. I eat everything, except for nothing, so… I eat nothing except for everything. I dont understand what Im saying either. Im so fucking hungry. Please, lets go have a bite. A bite of a bite. Do you want to get tapas? One girl always throws tapas out there. Do you want to do tapas? What are they? Theyre small plates. You do, like, five to ten per person. It runs you about 100 bucks each. Totally worth it. Yeah. Girls love anything small, not filling, and expensive. We would eat diamonds if we could. Theyre tapas. Theyre small plates. Its Spanish. What Spanish? Its, like, their Spanish, not the country below the United States. Its a different Spanish. Its got a fucked-up th. I went to Spain for two days when I was 16, so Im cultured, okay? Theyre small plates. Platito. Theyre so small, its like a Frisbee for a rat. Like, small plates. Its like a monocle for an amoeba. Just, like, really small. One time I ate the plate, on accident. That was pretty horrific. Small plates. Its an absolute joke. I dont like anything about it. Comes on a wooden block, like youre eating lunch at Home Depot. Some guy, with his bare hands, balls up some ham in the corner and then throws some shards of manchego cheese and some haphazard drizzle of honey so you can eat like an Andalusian farmer taking a lunch break in a field in 1830 for, like, a hundred bucks. Cool. Small plates. One friend gets annoyed you dont want her suggestion. You dont want tapas? Fine. Just trying to accommodate the group. Guys dont ever get tapas. Its a girl food. You wanna get tapas? Its never dudes. Now, look, bro! Wanna get tapas? Well go after fantasy draft. You wanna do tapas? Well get one meatball, split it with four dudes, no homo. You dont like my suggestion? What do you want? Do you want to do a flatbread? You want to do a flaahbread? What is it? Its like a thin crust pizza, but, like, annoying. Its always the one girl in the group that suggests the flatbread. Do you guys want to do it for everyone, a flatbread? Shes the one suggesting it. Shes the one that got everyone together. Shes the one that printed the Groupon. Her name is usually something like Amanda. You want flatbread? Do you? You do? Not eating? Dont do gluten? Not doing dairy? You dont do fun? Sleeping? Thats weird. Were in public. Do you want flatbread? Ask her. Does she want flatbread? I cant. My phones dead. I cant text her. Ask her if she wants flat… Do you want flatbread? Im asking if you want a… Aflac! Do you want flaahbread? Ask Cynnamon with a Y if she wants flatbread. Then tell Kinnamon with a K her name is not phonetically sound. Okay. Im gonna do the ordering. Hi! Were in a rush because were entitled. Um… Wanna do one flatbread for the 40 of us, yeah? Shes not eating, shes gonna have a bite, doesnt do dairy, doesnt do gluten, she doesnt know what gluten is, but feels like she doesnt do it this week. And were gonna do… What do you guys want to drink? No, dont order your own. Were just gonna do a trough of white wine. Yeah? How do you want to drink it? Youre being annoying. Stop. No, we dont need glasses. Were just gonna drink it with our hands! What do you guys want to get on it? Lets just go crazy. Lets do half goat cheese, half air. Thank you! Flaahbread! Went on a date recently. Uh… I made a real effort in my 30s. Im 31. Made a real effort to try to date normal guys. When youre in your 20s, you can date whoever you want. Youll live forever, youre hot, youre in your 20s. Wanna go out? Were both carbon-based. Lets do it. And its, like, fine. Tried to make responsible choices in my 30s. Recently I went out with someone based on the way he was dressed. – He was an accountant. – But, okay. Ill carry the conversation. Thats fine. He had a plaid shirt, tucked into khakis. Okay. All right. Little nerdling. Thats okay. Cell phone in a holster on his hip. Dad-style. To the dads in the audience and subsequently watching this, what text is coming in so fast you have to have your hand ready O.K. Corral-style? And then what are you sending out so fast that its rendering your cellular device smoking, and youve got to holster it? The point is, he was dressed responsibly. Nonthreatening. Nice, like an adult. I knew I had to respond in kind. I couldnt dress like a 19-year-old lesbian Hot Topic manager. I get it. Made a real effort, folks. I made a real effort. Asked my girlfriends that are in their mid-30s… dating awhile, very mature, right? What should I wear? You need to get… like, a silk blouse. So, just wear it and, like, cover that shit up and just tuck it in, blouse it out, silk blouse. Im here to say right now, I reject a silk blouse. Fuck a silk blouse, okay? Yes! Just because youre not 20 doesnt mean you have to be ashamed of your body. I dont need to wear a tent over it, okay? Theyre burkas for American women. I said it and I meant it. All right? Theyre oppressive, ugly, hot, shapeless, and if you wear an underwire bra under your silk blouse and you sweat through it, its gonna look like a face with its eyes closed. Fuck a silk blouse. But I bought one anyway. Ill be like, whatever. Went to a nice store. Made a real effort. I went to a Nordstrom…s. I asked the sales girl… she was 19, and just hot. – I need a silk blouse. – What about this one? It was white. It had black splotches all over it. She was like, Its abstract. I was like, Yeah, like a Rorschach test, but less interesting. Shes like, I dont get it. Im like, Thats cause you work here. Okay. No, its like a fun pattern. Im like, Thats a cow print. Like, one hundred percent. Its black splotches. Im gonna look like a model for Gateway printers. Im not wearing that. Heres the fact: its a cow print. You cant wear it if youre normal. If youre a model, you can wear something stupid and look hot. You can wear a blousy cow print and be like, Fuck yeah. Moo, motherfuckers. Unh! Unh! Moo, yeah, unh! Unh, right? Not dicks, udders. Normal girl wearing a cow pattern, if you tuck in a blousy cow, youre gonna look like a cow that had gastric bypass surgery. Just blousy. Tucked-in blousy cow, so I got it. Tucked-in blousy cow. Then I bought pants that were very tight. You want to wear tight pants. The tighter the pant, the more effort it shows youve put into it, okay? Not unlike Chinese foot-binding, you want your pants so tight that they form your muscles and bones into this kind of, like, palsy effect. Okay? And you want to have shoes that are so high, the heel is so high, that you are literally cantilevered off the edge and it forms a dainty hump in the back. Men like this, trust me. Men love a good hump, okay? Like this. So youre ready. So youve got blousy cow, palsy pants. You want your shoes so high that you cant run from your rapist if you want. Blousy cow, palsy pants, and I was ready for the date. I brought a special bag. Theres a special bag women are required to carry on a first date. Its called a clutch. Small mouse purse. A clutch, for those that dont know, is neither a synonym for the word cool, nor does it have to do with a car. A clutch is a tiny purse that women carry on a first date. The reason we carry it is because we cant carry a big bag, cause men dont like big bags. First, its not attractive. You cant show up to a guys house going, Hey! Huh huh. Ready for our first date, Steve? Well, I just brought my… …bag right here. We dont gotta go to no fancy dinner or nothing. Nope, I brought me a hot plate. We can just plug it in right here. We can do it on the lawn, unless youre ashamed of me. You got an external power source? Maybe a generator? I call mine Jenny. Its a little joke. We could… Do you like beans, Steve? I brought beans. I dont need a can opener. Ive got this shit. We carry the little bag because men dont like big bags. Men dont like big bags because big bags scare men. You show up with a big bag, guys first thought is, Fuck, shes trying to move in. Thats the first thought. Men dont like surprises. Theyre already weirded out by women in general. They dont know whats in that bag. You could have guns, medication. Whats in the bag? Whats in the bag? Whats in the bag! Tampons, alimony papers, Gwyneth Paltrows head? Whats in the bag? Could have medication in there, restraining order. Taking around that garbage with you, thats why its called baggage. So we carry a little, tiny clutch, carry a tiny bag to fool you. We want you to think all this perfection… I said perfection!… comes from the contents of this tiny rat purse. Just a couple of things. Every girls told that lie. It takes me, like, ten minutes to get ready, so… As youre telling the lie, you can feel it. - I promise, Im telling the truth. – Its fine. Ten minutes. And no woman in this room has ever closed a clutch on the first try. Because… its true. It was hard getting here. It wouldnt close on the first try. Because when women pack for a first date, we dont pack for the date were going to have, we pack for the date we want to have. Imaginations take over. I should bring one lip gloss for every degree the sun sets, cause were gonna watch the sunset from the yacht. Do it. Also, bring my AAA card, in case his Porsche breaks down. He has a Porsche. What if hes, like, a secret millionaire, and he, like, wants to make sure that, like, I love him for him and not his money, cause hes had problems with other girls in the past wanting him for his money, and he didnt know if their love was pure? Ill pretend, like, You dont have to test me,  but he does, because I really like money, but Im gonna pretend its not a big deal. And maybe hes the prince of a recently liberated country that I dont care about, and I should pretend I care about him, so I should plan for this date to be amazing, so I should bring a passport in case we go to dinner in Paris. You get it all in the bag, start to zip it. Youve got it in your teeth, the zipper. Fuckin close! Please! You get it, like, halfway zipped. You cant go on a date with a bag zipped halfway. Thats ratchet. So what do you do? You take everything out, all your accessories, you lay em all out. You gotta make some cuts. So sorry, ladies. Youre all very valuable to the team. Not everyone can make varsity. And rather than get rid of anything, right, what do you do at least once? You make an attempt to put everything back in the bag, but slowly… thinking if youre somehow purposeful in your actions, you will sneak up on the bag… and it wont know that its full. And you get it down to one thing, and then you snap. Youre like, Fuck it! Everything goes in! LUNA bars, Activia, uggs, Dad issues. Lets go. So we went to a bar, and were sitting there, and we sit down, and he ordered one drink… the whole night. Heres my problem with that. Um… It was a Friday night, and Im a lady. I want to party, but Im a lady. So, if you only have one drink, that means Im only going to have one drink. If I only have one drink, how the hell am I supposed to want to touch you later? Okay? Yes. Thank you for being honest. Do the math on that one, accountant. Yeah. Anyone not laughing, youre lying to yourself. Thats what alcohol is for. Loosen yourself up a bit. Make choices you wouldnt normally make. Whatever. I had some wine. Its okay. Otherwise, why waste the calories? Lets all just have a glass of warm milk and punch ourselves in the face. He didnt even get alcohol. He had a beer. He had, like, an IPA. And he had, like, taken a sip of his. I was done with my vodka soda. I thought we were having a race. Sipping on his beer, Im down to the ice in my drink, tonguing it like a dog on a hot day. Just like… Im running into the bathroom, taking shots of Scope from the attendant, trying to get, like, a prison buzz, introduce alcohol. Im holding my breath, trying to get some kind of high. My problem wasnt necessarily that he only had one drink. My problem with it, really, was that I had a problem with it. I should have been mature about it. And had I been dating more in my 30s, I think I would have been okay with that situation. My friends in their mid-30s, theyd be okay with that drink. I wish that I was. I wish I could have normal girl thoughts. I wish Id sit and have the drink and have normal girl thoughts. This one drink is really nice. Im so grateful. This is great. He seems like a really sweet guy. Hes got really nice eyes. I wonder what theyd look like in a jar. Like, normal thoughts. But Im still of the mindset that when I get a drink in me, – it sends a message to my brain… – that its go time! Thats what it says, all right? Im 31, Im not 90. It was Friday, not a Tuesday during high tea. Lets make some fucking mistakes. Thats what its about. I got… I feel a lot of people are wired this way. A sip of liquor sends a message to my party goblin that its time to do it. Some people have party goblins that have lost their ability to walk, from partying too much. My party goblin sleeps on a bunk bed, on the top bunk. My dignity sleeps on the bottom bunk. He is not invited. The second I taste liquor, it wakes her up. She smells it in my brain. Shes dreaming of eating frozen pizza, cause shes a monster. Huh? Vodka. Top shelf. She goes to the megaphone that controls my actions. Weve all had party goblin control our actions. You need to rage! Find the door guy! Ask him if he has drugs! Do not specify. See what he comes up with! Do it! Fuckin go! Jump on top of that table. Start dancing. There is no music. I will provide the music. # La la la la la la-la-la la! # You look so pretty. Jump off that table. Run outside. Push that cop, see if he finds it adorable. Ask if you can touch his gun. The answers always no. Go over to that CVS. Find the dairy aisle. Grab some whipped cream. Do some Whip-its. It might kill you. Its fucking worth it. Go outside. Take a picture. Put it on Instagram. Take it down ten minutes later cause, oops, we could see your nipple! Like, thats how it usually is. So, we left the bar, right? Super buzzed off of our drink. And he drove me home, so now were in front of my house, okay? Were sitting in front of my house. This is where a kiss takes place. This is where a first kiss takes place. Now, as a girl, you know when youve put out the vibe that you want a kiss, all night, okay? Men and women are wired differently. Men are putting out the vibe all the time. Right now, lot of vibes, all the time. God, I hope she sees my wiener. Thats what… The vibe is ever-present with guys. You want this? Yeah? Anyone? Anyone. No? Little bit? What, youre calling the cops? Okay. See you on Facebook. Okay. For girls, were very specific about when we put out the vibe. Cant just throw that shit around. Got to be specific. Every girls got things she does to throw out the vibe. Maybe touch her hair a little bit. Thats funny. Maybe you show off part of your body. Every girls got that one body part better than any other girls. Maybe its your forearm. Maybe all night, youre like, Fuck, yeah. Yeah? Ehh? You want it? You wanna fuck, eh? Yaaahhhh. Thats weird? Okay. When a girl knows that a guys a little vulnerable and into her, we become like an evil witch in Enchanted Forest, and the guy becomes, like, the lost ingenue. Say your girlfriend broke up with you. Lets say you were cheated on. Youre a little wounded. Youre sitting there. I hope I find a girl. And we, out of nowhere, are just like… Hello. Apple? Whats that? Yes, I used to work in a pharmacy. Whole new life for myself. We start saying things to you to lure you in. Yes, this way. Sports? I love sports. This way. This way. Come this way. Oh, yes. What? A relationship? Not me. No, I just want to fuck in perpetuity until you grow tired of me. This way! Yes, whats that? Your ex-girlfriend? She sounds like a bitch I would love to fight with my shirt off. This way. This way to my gingerbread house. Yes. Yes. Come and nibble on the walls of my gingerbread house. Yes! Whats that? Yes, its a metaphor for my vagina. Youre very clever. This way. This way. Said the right things, did the right things. I knew we were gonna have a mouth kiss. Now, for the guy… he has to decide how he wants to kiss the girl. Thats a tough role. You have to decide how youre gonna kiss a girl. If you kiss her too soft, you look like a big puss. If you kiss her too hard, charges will be filed. So you have to be careful. In this interaction, the girl also has her part to play. There are only three places you can look in the passenger side of a vehicle, only one of which is truly acceptable, okay? You cannot look right at him. Thats too much eye contact. He might take it as a threat. He might bite your neck. We dont know what hell do. Okay? We dont know. Plus, its creepy. Do I kiss this girl? I dont know. And youre just like… But you cant stare out your passenger side window. Thats not enough eye contact, and youll look touched in the head. Hes looking at you. Do I kiss this girl? And youre just like… Side note, ladies: If his window does this, do not date him. Okay. So the girl only has one option, and that is to sort of look down and stare at her hands, and all of a sudden become fascinated with her cuticle situation. Amazing. I used to have feathers. That is so weird. And sort of monitor the impending kiss out of your periphery. And when he gets about halfway, you strike. Teeth first, so you know that he knows you mean business. Ive kissed two guys. I think I know what Im talking about. So I was all set. Blousy cow. Palsy pants. Fuckin forearm. Creepy witch. Like, I was all set. I knew we were gonna have a mouth kiss, and apparently he had a different plan. He had a cheek peck planned. And I did not see that coming. Now Im going to show you what happens when a cheek peck meets the intention of a mouth kiss. This is me, and this is him. Im just sitting here. Oh, my God. Nails. Lets see the slow-motion replay. Huh? No? Fuck! Tuck and roll! So embarrassing! It was so embarrassing. It was sexual rejection, like, in the weirdest form. I dont even remember how I got in my house. I just know that I ended up there. What I think happened is that my embarrassment materialized into a magicians smoke bomb. And I was just like, This never happened! And I was gone! So now Im inside my house. Weve all had this happen. It was, like, 10:30. Weve had this happen where you come home earlier on a weekend than you thought you would. You were all planning to go out, and you come home way earlier. Guys, they want to go back out, right? You wanna get back out there, right? Go team. Get back out there. You want to get drunk and meet chicks. For girls, its a different motivation. Why dont you want to go back out? Cause I dont wanna waste an outfit. You try to contact your friends. Theres something energywise that makes it very difficult when youre sober to go back out and rejoin your drunk friends. You ever try getting a location from your drunk friends? Its like texting with a house cat. They send you the weirdest stuff. Heres what happens. They dont really care if they see you because they went out together. You went rogue. You went off on a date, selfish, went to go find love. Your friends formed a little mini-mob, and they band together and they formed a phalanx. Lets find dudes, and they went out together. They dont care if they see you. They send you weird texts. Like, We dont know the name of the bar! We dont know how long well be here. Were in outer space. Come find us! After, like, 20 minutes of trying, you resign yourself to the fact youre gonna be home. Whats the first step? You take off your going-out clothes. I had a silk blouse on. I didnt know how to care for it. I didnt know what to feed it. I didnt know. Its the fanciest material. Its like the caviar of the material family. I stood by open French windows for ten minutes waiting for bluebirds to come and undress me. Took it off. Put on my at-home clothes. Girls know what at-home clothes are. The clothes you put on when no one else is around. Super gross. All the guys here are like, Ive been with my girl when were by ourselves. Shes super cute. No, we dont do that. We dont wear roll-down boxers and socks up to here cause youre kind of a pedophile, and pigtails. We dont do that when were by ourselves! Girls, we dig deep into the trunk of, like, old T-shirts. You pull out your T-shirt from middle school. Its got paint on it. You got your Abercrombie varsity athletic pants from, like, 1997, stripes on em. You put those on, right? Sweatshirts got holes. Pants have holes. Underwear has holes. Socks have holes. Why are there holes in your clothes? Because tears corrode. And you wander listlessly through your house. You look homeless, but youre in a home, so that doesnt make sense. You wander from room to room. Youre just kind of not ready to go to bed yet. You go to a room where the lights off. You flip it on. One percent of you is expecting there to be, like, a serial killer. Knowing full well if hes there, youre done for, cause youre in your at-home clothes. Nothings… cant defend yourself. Flip it back off. You wander into the kitchen. You dont really make a meal for yourself, do you? You just stick your hand deep in a bag of deli turkey. Right? Couple of crackers. Maybe, like, two Starbursts for dessert. Staring at nothing. Maybe you have a show in the background. Maybe Frasiers on, hypothetically me every night. Sitting there eating. You start saying weird things to your dog. One day, youll be my wife. Im sitting there doing this. Phone buzzes. Its a text message. Whos it from? The accountant. What does it say? Is he gonna ask me out again? Does he like me? Hey, Iliza, had a great time tonight. Would love to have kissed you, but I have to be up early. I dont even know how to answer that like a human. You sent me a text that is un-text-backable. And first of all, who are you making out with, wolverines, that your legs are immobile the next day? You send me something that stupid, Im not giving you the dignity of a normal text back. Youre not even getting back a regular emoji. No winky face. No sad face. Im going deep into that emoji bank and I am pulling out… fried shrimp. Fried shrimp. What bothered me about the whole thing is it was sexual rejection, no matter how you slice it. I wasnt saying, Lets get married. Lets make plans to meet my mom. It was a kiss. And so, even though you denied the kiss, its still denying me sexually, which is very uncomfortable for girls. Guys get sexually rejected, its part of being a guy. You want it? Nope? Okay. Anyone else? Hey? One over here. Dick over here. Penis over there. One, two, two, two. Sold! To the seven in the corner with low standards. It was a mouth kiss. You rejecting that is the equivalent of you being like, Hey, Iliza! You see this? None for you! Lets talk about this for a second. I talked about this on my last special. Every girls seen a guy do this. So, Ive done some thinking on the topic of this… I want to let you girls know, cause girls get offended. Thats so gross. Why are you doing that at a family picnic? What are you doing? I want to give you peace of mind and let you know, it has nothing to do with you. He would be doing this whether you were there or not! Take it as an insult, take it as a compliment. I dont have an issue that guys do this. My issue is that theres no reciprocation on the female end. Gentlemen, youd be very upset… if you were laying in bed, ready to have sex, games on pause, ready to go. And your girlfriend came out of the bathroom in just a T-shirt and no bottoms. Hey, babe. And she just did some sort of, like, weird vaginal puppetry. Hashtag vaginal puppetry. Youd be very upset if she just came out and was like, Babe! Hey. Hey. If there are any guys here not laughing, thats how we feel about that! It would disrupt the entire cycle of human procreation. Men would cease having sex with women. Theyd be super grossed out. Theyd move to the woods. Theyd take raccoons as wives. It would be horrible. Whats weird about it is, as a girl, you are open to the threat of a guy doing this at any point. If youre dating a guy, he could do it a week in, a year in, ten years in. It could be in the bedroom, at a concert, the produce aisle. This could happen at any minute. That fear is ever present in your mind, so I think if men and women are to ever be fair and equal, guys should have an inherent fear of raptor vag. Hashtag raptor vag. Its only fair. So I have a plan. Tonight, we strike. Every guy in here on a date is like, Jesus. Fuck. Why did we buy tickets for this? They were free? Still. Heres my plan, okay? Tonight… while my boyfriend is sleeping… Let me take it back. Im gonna get a boyfriend. Wait till hes sleeping, okay? Sneak up in there… And when you do this, cause youre going to do it, pinky swear? When you do it, you want to make sure that hes in REM sleep. Its the deepest, most luxurious sleep, okay? You need to check to see that hes in REM sleep. How do you make sure someones in REM sleep? You open their eye… while theyre sleeping. You ever do this to someone while theyre sleeping? Fuck you guys! Im not the only one thats done this! And you say things like, I love you! Look back and forth if you love me too! Make sure he was sleeping. So hes sleeping. And I go into the other room, and I would pin for a little bit… pin pin pin… and then I would go in, and I would take out my raptor claw, okay? And I would sharpen my nails down, not to a point that was sharp enough that you could stab a meerkat and eat it if you wanted to, but you want a rounded point so the pressure will be localized, okay? Like an apex of sorts, okay? Rounded. Like, if a raptor went to get a manicure, shed be like, Make it lovely. So Id make it lovely, and Id sheath it for my own protection, and Id go in, and Id descend upon the sleeping boyfriend, and I would apply the raptor claw to his cheek, and I would gently stroke. Not enough to awaken, but merely to stir. Okay? Why am I doing that? Ill tell you, what Im doing is introducing external stimuli into his land of slumber. Who talks like that? Im introducing external stimuli into his subconscious, thus permeating his dreams, okay? Whatever hes doing in his dream, hes gonna feel this. Somewhere in the back of his brain, hes gonna be, Oh, shit, raptor vag. Doing this lets him know. Its not unlike when youre having a dream. Lets say youre talking to a model, and your alarm clock goes off. Another reason I dont like to wear underwear… Its the equivalent of that, okay? I would do this, so in his dreamland, he would feel that and he would know. And then, hes still sleeping, but hes feeling this, and then, for the final stage, I would sneak up to him, and I would sound the raptor mating call. It would resonate all throughout the land of Nod, and he would know. Hes in his dream, delivering his naked high school commencement speech, he would hear the raptor mating call, and hed be like, Oh, fuck, Mamas here. He would know. Id get in his ear and do the raptor mating call right before I striked, okay? I stroked? I striked. I stricked? Okay. Do it. Id get in his ear, raptor mating call. And he would, Huh? And Id go… Thats right, motherfucker! Its like a jacket. Girls are weird. We do weird things, but were cute, so its okay. Girls do crazy things. Its our own brand of crazy. Guys do crazy things too, like rape and war. They do their own kind of crazy things. Girls have a more insidious kind of crazy. Well start a fight just to see if we can make it look like you started the fight. We have do it three times a year or we lose our standing in the club. Every girls done that, just to see how strong your powers are. I dont want to fight with you. Stop it. I didnt start this. You started this, you started acting weird. – I dont want to fight with you. – Bullshit. I dont want to fight with you. Well turn around, talk to a fake jury. I dont… What is this? I dont want to fight with you. This is on you. Im peaceful, youre being a dick. I dont even… stop it. What are you doing? Youre yelling. I dont want to fight with you. But in your girl head, youre like… I wanna… I wanna fight with you. I woke up feeling chubby this morning… and that is somehow your fault. Get in the Octagon. We do all kinds of head games. Go hang out with your friends. Thats fine. Do it. Go hang out with your friends. I dare you. I know you made plans with me. Thats fine. Go hang out with your friends. Thats fine. I want you to be happy. Do it. Go hang out with your friends. There are no friends. Only Zuul. Look, Im sure being a guy has its difficulties. I havent been one in a while. I dont really know what thats like. Girls have a lot of stuff that are being thrown at them all the time, and we have to suss out whats good for us and weed out the positive messages. I truly believe our society operates on a currency of womens insecurities, multibillion-dollar industries thriving on, Just make them feel their bodies are unacceptable, then sell them some shit. Look at any magazine. Youre amazing, but you need to lose, like, ten pounds. Love your body, love your hair. Whatever youve done is wrong. You look like a sea monster. Everythings got a weird mixed message and a whorey undertone. Be a bad girl. Own your sexuality. But if you fuck more than one dude, youre a whore. Like everythings wrong. You cant just go around effing dudes, but you can have sex with more than one. Even my eyeliner has a sexual message. Its called Bad Gal. Fourteen-year-olds can buy this. Are they bad gals? Yeah, tiny bad gals. It comes with a little devil that sits on your shoulder. It whispers salacious things in your ear. – Oh, Id better get ready for the… – Youre a bad gal. Better close that window. Better get ready… Yeah, you wanna fuck in a Dumpster. What are you talking about? Doesnt sound like a bad gal as much as someone that just needs a home. Im not a bad gal. Im just trying to put on eyeliner so I dont look like newborn hamster face. – Yeah, youre a bad gal. – Im not a bad gal! You are. You want to give a hand job in an Acura going 50 in a 30, no insurance. Youre a bad gal. What are you talking about? I have insurance. Whats my blush called? Flirty Girl. Yeah, tart it up, you hooker! Yeah! Look super horny, ready to go. Youre a flirty girl. Dressed like that, youre asking for it! Dressed like what, like a cool mom out on moms night out? Dressed like what? Yeah, you wanna fuck in a Dumpster! Whats with you and fucking with Dumpsters? – I wanna fuck in a Dumpster. – Well, youre projecting! Again, my issue with it isnt that theres a sexual undertone. My issue is that its a negative message to women, but guys reap a positive effect, right? Shes a bad girl. Maybe shell touch my D. Thats pretty much the message coming out of that. Maybe shell wear spiked leather gloves, yeah, on a motorcycle! Shes probably a lesbian if shes on a motorcycle. Bad gal. Theres no mens products, there are no mens products that have a negative message to men, but women reap a positive effect. Theres no guy putting on cologne, and hes hearing, Youre gonna text her back within a reasonable time frame. Theres no guy putting on aftershave, and hes hearing, Youre 37 and share a room with two other dudes in the hipster part of town. Outside the context of Los Angeles, thats totally socially unacceptable. Whats that? You run a T-shirt making business? You only have online shit? No real T-shirts. You ride a bike to work and claim its ecologically responsible, but we all know your credit is so fucked, you cant get financing for a Kia! Theres a lot to contend with as a girl. We have different rules. Girls are like, We can fuck whoever we want. Thats not the way it should be. Were the fairer sex for a reason, lady. If you want guys to pay for dinner and open doors, act like a lady. You cant act like a guy. Were just not built for it. Sorry if thats crushing some of you. Its just the truth. Fuck! My girlfriends called me the other night. Do you want to go out with us… after your skit? Continuing to not fully comprehend what I do for a living. Thats fine. Were talking about it, and in the back was my drunk friend. Drunk friend never gets to hold the phone. Drunk friends always in the background, yelling shit at the sober one. Drunkys always tethered to the sober one. Like, Ahhh! I miss you! Aaahhhh! When they yell, I miss you, and you dont miss them, youre like, Miss you too, babe. Bleh. Come out with us! She kept yelling at me. Come out with us! Im gonna fuck a stranger! Im sorry, do whatever you want. I feel if youre a lady, that is never a sentence that should be uttered with anticipation, in future tense. It is only a sentence that should be said with the utmost abhorrence, in past tense. It should never be, Im going to fuck a stranger! It should always be, Oh, my God, I fucked a stranger! Oh, my God! We always talk about the downside when girls sleep with someone. Let me take up for the guys side for a second. I do believe there are plenty of guys in here that have gone to bed for a one-night stand, thinking, Ive found someone special. And then you wake up the next morning next to a fat water rat. These things have happened, okay? Plenty of guys in here, Im sure, thought they went to bed with, like, an absolute angel, and tomorrow morning… Tonight youre gonna go out in Denver on a Friday, meet a girl. Oh, shes so angelic, so beautiful. And tomorrow, you are going to wake up next to Satan himself. Youre gonna look down at your pile of sheets, and theyll just be, like, undulating, pulsating, and therell be heat lines coming off of it. Uh, good morning. Excuse me, is it… Stacy? No one by the name of Stacy is here. Im so embarrassed. I thought your name was Stacy. El nombre no es importante. Wow. Well, judging by that and the smell of sulfur, Im gonna take a guess that you are… Satan? Yes! Clip-clop. Yes? Uh, look, you gotta go. Why? I thought we were gonna get breakfast, smoochie-pie. Uh, we cant get breakfast, because, look, I cheated on my girlfriend, and I… You what? You cheated? You cheated on me? Are you crying lava? Fucking right, Im crying lava! Im the devil, what do you think Im gonna cry? Thats so fucked up. I thought you were a good guy. Fuck you, fuck you! Just get outta here. – I know when youre gonna die. – Are you fuckin serious? Nope, thats the angel of death. Im just kidding. People think were the same, but were not. Were just similar height, we both have brown hair. Um… You gotta go. Dont fuckin touch me! Get off my tail! Im going. Give me some bus fare. In my hoof. What are you laughing at? Im sorry, I think its ridiculous that youre taking the bus. Yes, Im taking the bus, okay? I am fiscally responsible. Do you know how hard it is to be the devil? I have no business. The Kardashians take, like, all of my business. Im not even joking. Its really hard to earn an honest dollar, okay? I had to have sex with Kris Jenner and everything. It was horrible. Shes evil. Of course I dont have any money. Of course I take public transportation. Im a demon of the people, okay? What do you expect me, to drive around in a hearse made of skulls, okay? Im not Rob Zombie. Im not an asshole, okay? Now, give me six dollars and 66 cents and Ill be on my way. All right, fucking go. – I have a question. – What? Is it cold outside? You guys are a wonderful crowd. Uh… theres no elegant way to wipe off a sweat mustache. I was talking at the beginning about how a lot of my friends are getting married, and Im happy for them. I think that Im just in a different head space at the moment. They all get really excited to plan their weddings, and I get really excited to plan a breakup. Guys, hear me out on this. Girls do weird things. And from the day we start dating you, we keep tabs on everything you do wrong… so that if and when we decide to break up with you, cause, I dont know, if the wind changes direction… we can then refer to said list, extrapolate one isolated incident, and use that as the piece de resistance of our breakup masterpiece. You ever been dating a girl, everythings going great… things are mediocre, not great, but whatever… and she breaks up with you out of the blue? Yes, your feet look like eagle claws! There, I said it. Cacaw. Cacaw. Goodbye. It seems like its out of nowhere. We let things build. You could be sitting at your anniversary dinner. – Im thinking about getting salmon. – Im fuckin done! Like it doesnt really matter. Im not cavalier about this. I put time and effort into these breakups. You put time and effort into dating me, Im going to return said time and effort, plus interest… its a very good ROI… on that breakup, okay? These are handcrafted breakups. Hand-hewn, hecho en California, tailor-made, forged from the fires of your own insecurities, specialty breakups, okay? I dont do a generic breakup. I dont do a breakup template. I dont do the whole, Oh, my God, its me, not you. No, its you, motherfucker, heres a list of reasons why. I was dating a guy, we dated for three months, and we were on our first date, right? Were doing first date stuff, right? Were at a bar, drinking, talking, taking muscle relaxers. I was asking him first date questions: What do you do, where are you from, what do you max out at? I was like, Oh, whats your middle name? Whats your middle name? He goes, My middle name is Paul. Now… reciprocity in, like, a normal conversation would dictate that perhaps his next question to me should have been… Whats… whats your nah nah nah. Thats right! Whats your middle name? But he never asked me my middle name, – and I fuckin… – remembered that. Cause heres the deal: He wasnt necessarily wrong in not asking me that. Men and women communicate so differently. Im surprised we can be in the same room without ripping each others genitals off. If you said to him, Why didnt you ask her her middle name? Hed be like, At the time, she had long hair. I thought she was a mermaid. Like, not even in the same stratosphere. Whats crazy is every guy in this room is like, Mermaid hair. I get it. And where I went wrong, where girls tend to go wrong, is I didnt tell him why I was mad. We dont tell you why were mad, because you should know, which is insane. We barely know why were mad. I dont know, but something happened, and now Im mad. I dont know why Im mad, but you should. The secrets are locked in my brain. Did you eat a key? I did. That and the plate and the leaves from earlier. I feel fat. We just sit there, stoic, with this, like, Stepford wife facade, and we let it rot our brains, and we sit there smiling, but it devolves. He didnt ask my middle name. He doesnt want to get to know me, my hopes, thoughts, dreams, feelings, friends, family, well never have a baby. Like, thats the way that devolves. So I began planning the breakup… on the first date. We dated three months, and at the conclusion, I decided I wanted to do a rain breakup. Felt the rain would be emblematic of the tears shed during the courtship. Rain breakup. Wanna break up in the rain. Oh, my God. Unh. Rain, right? All different kinds of rain breakups. You can do one in an alley, crying. You could be a young, British country girl in the 1800s, running through a field. No! I cant! I cant be! In a white dress, no shoes. Women werent allowed to wear shoes until 1962. Fun fact. No! I cant be with you! Ive been betrothed to another, Jeremiah! Why? I love you so. No! Running in the rain, and its cascading. Ive got long hair. They didnt have scissors back then. Id wrap it around like a belt. Its weird. Id be running, and it would cascade over it, white, so its just see-through. You wouldnt see areola, but youd see nipple bumpage. Like Rachel, Friends, circa 1997. Network nipple, right? Running, fuckin doing it. No bra. Running hard. Cause in your fantasy, your tits are like rocks. Just running. Aahhh! Every girl has fantasized about kissing a boy in the rain, which, if youve ever actually done it, is horrible. You will get the flu. I live in Los Angeles. Thats not clean rain. Thats fucking rats, cabbage, headshots, lettuce. Kale. Three types of leafy greens. Were healthy. Syringes. Dreams. Couldnt do a rain breakup. It rained one day while we were dating, but I was wearing a wool sweater. You know. You cant get wool wet. Youre going to smell like a dirty sheep. No ones going to miss you. Youre breaking up with me? Im breaking up with you. So I had to plan an alternate breakup. Now, before I share with you my alternate fantasy breakup, Im going to tell you the way we actually broke up. The way we actually broke up was yours truly got a little drunk and a little honest one night and texted him something to the effect of, You dont even watch Breaking Bad. How are we supposed to be together? Fried shrimp. So now, Im going to share with you my ultimate fantasy breakup. Kay. Thank you. In my fantasy, we will be sitting on my couch, at my house, and I will be a little bit more tan than I am now, so people will be like, Where did you go on vacation? Ill be like, Its a secret. Huh. My hair would be a little bit longer, but not too long… Id have, like, layers. You know what Im talking about? A long bob? Where you want to keep the length but not the weight, so youd have, like, layers. And maybe highlights in the front, but maybe a partial. Like, some warmer tones, like a honey for the fall. Do you know what Im talking about? Mm-kay. Sitting on my couch, at my house, and I would start a fight out of nowhere. When youre a woman, you possess a magical, innate ability to create conflict where there formerly was none. All right, were talking out of thin fucking air. We could do this as a show in Las Vegas. Argument illusionists. Just creating them. Nothing up my sleeve! Nothing in my hand! Now theres a fight, motherfucker. Maybe well have a dove. I dont know the budget. I dont know what well have. The point is, if the girl wants to have a fight, the lady shall have a fight. And theres nothing you can do about it. You can cough. Thats enough kindle for that fire. Sitting there watching TV. What did you say? I didnt say anything. – What the fuck did you just say? – I didnt say anything. You know what? Forget it! And I would start crying. Start crying. Im telling you now that Im going to cry then. Im planning to cry. Im gonna put it in my phone. Set reminder: Cry later. Going to make myself cry. How do you make yourself cry? Thats what youre thinking. Iliza, how do you make yourself cry? Lot of actresses get paid a lot of money to make themselves cry. How do you make yourself cry? Im going to tell you. You take a small pocketknife… Im just kidding. Um… Turn around, and unbeknownst to him, I would pluck… a solitary nose hair. You ever do that? That shit hurts… real bad. Its physically undetectable… …and its going to escalate the energy of your argument very quickly. Your argument will magically be transformed from, You know what? Just forget it! Big tears, okay? Ill tell you why its important to have big tears, okay? If youre going to make the attempt to elicit an emotional response from an otherwise emotionally unavailable individual, you must be demonstrative with your ocular lubrication, okay? Unlike women, men are very black and white. They respond to big gestures, okay? Big tears means I am sad. This is not fun. I do not like this. Im sad now. Thats what big tears say. You cant risk it with little, snivelly allergy tears. Thats a mixed message. – What do you want? – I dont know what I want! He might go kill you a squirrel and bring it back. He doesnt know what you want! So Id start crying. You know what? Forget it! And I would run out of my own house. Id run outside. Now… prior to starting this fight, I would have gone into the street and set up orange parking cones in the street, okay? Because for my ultimate fantasy breakup, I want to have a street fight breakup. Anyone thats ever fought in the street knows, you need a designated fighting area, okay? Thats a public thoroughfare. You cant just run into it and start fighting. This isnt West Side Story. Youre gonna get hit by a Buick. So Id run outside, into the comfort of the Designated Fighting Area, the DFA. Run into it, and Id immediately start yelling, I hate you! Why am I yelling? Cause Im angry? Im not angry. Want the neighbors to come out. Want the neighbors to come out. I want them to see how you treat me! He treats me fine. We got frozen yogurt that morning. Its fine. I want them to come out. I want their energy. I want their attention. I need an audience. Like, obviously. So… Id have it set up, and hed run out. Iliza, what is your problem? Get back inside. You dont tell me what to do. Im an independent woman. I listen to Beyonce. Surfbort. Surfbort. – What does that mean? – No one knows. What are you so upset about? Id be like, I just feel like, um… this is so hard because I feel like Im, like, letting you down. I just feel like… we dont even talk anymore, and… we dont even know what we argue about… – You quoting Boyz II Men? – Maybe. I dont know why youre so upset. And then I would begin. I just feel like, um… Im sorry, I just feel like… Why is this dry? I just feel like… Youre a great guy, and you should be with a great girl. I want you to be with a great girl, sort of. And I want you to be… I feel we have a really good time together, and youre wonderful, but I feel Im not the girl for you. Okay, I said it. And we have fun, but I dont feel like were gonna be together. Were just wasting time, and we dont belong together. I feel like we dont really even know each other. Of course we know each other! Of course I know you! Really? Whats my middle name? Snow! My bra. – We did it. – Good job. Snow. Should I do a curtain call? Is that weird? Theyre kind of going crazy out there. – You wanna do a curtain call? – Is it too late? Blanche, you did it! She did it. Oh my God. I think, um… that the theater might file a police report and I might have to get a lawyer… because I killed! Ohh!

JIM NORTON@CONTEXTUALLY INADEQUATE@2015@Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome, Jim Norton! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you, Boston! I appreciate your coming. How are you? Lets be honest, if I had one ounce of balls, I would have worn a sweater and done my entire act as Bill Cosby! Oh, you look a little thirsty… A bit of good news for any Cosby fans, he actually does have a new show coming out, Women Make The Darnedest Accusations. Im going to say one good thing about Bill Cosby in this whole scandal, he has made me realize I am not nearly as big a pervert as I thought I was! Im a normal, sexually healthy person! Yeah, I like to be spanked, and if a finger slips in, Im not going to be rude. But if we fuck, Id like you to be awake through it! And if you do fall asleep, I want it to be out of boredom, like all the other ones! What a ghoulish story, man! I mean, its really hard for any of us to kind of fathom that this guy, who weve loved for all these years, could be guilty of this stuff. And I understand the instinct to defend somebody who hasnt been convicted in court. But theres a lot of accusations. And Phylicia Rashad came out and defended him, and its always interesting to see the TV wife defend the TV husband of real-life rape charges… because she would know… Obviously, he would have told her. Shes, like, I saw him every Monday morning, and no, he didnt talk about that, you know. So, what did you do all weekend? Like, he was going to go, I was raping! The girl fell asleep, I sucked her toes! You know, people hang onto that, like, well, you know, these women are all making it up, its a conspiracy, or they want money, or they want fame. Okay, maybe a couple of them are. Ah, but, you know, 20 women? I mean, over 20. Thats two football teams of women! Thats like if the Cowboys were playing the Packers, and they both stopped at the same time, and looked at the referee, and said, Bill Cosby raped me! Well, he raped all of us but Romo. He handed Romo the drink, and he dropped it! Its just a lot of people to be lying about the same thing, and in the same way. So, lets play devils advocate, I mean, Ill even say, okay, just to appease those people, lets say half the women are lying, which I dont think they are. But lets just say half are lying. That means he still raped at least 10 or 11 women. I dont want to say thats an impressive number… Like, you hear that, you never want someone to see you going, Oh… You know. But if youre a rapist, youre tipping your cap to Bill Cosby! Hes the Bernie Madoff of rapists! He never had that self-hating moment of clarity. Like, were there no mirrors in any of these rooms? Like, did he not once look up in the mirror as he was having sex with a sleeping woman? How do you keep an erection after your partner goes [Snoring sound]…? That moment of self-recognition and self-hatred is kind of healthy. Ive had that moment alone! Theres been times where I had to power down and turn off and close my laptop, while I still had cum all over myself! Because the last thing I need is to trip and kill myself as Im duck-walking to the bathroom… And then the coroner has to come in, and he backtracks, and he realizes what I was watching when I died! This was no murder, Sam! He was masturbating watching women with male genitals! You know, its been kind of a sad time for comedy, lets be real honest! I mean, with our iconic comic heroes, this horrible thing about Cosby, you had Robin Williams die, you had Joan Rivers die. And its always interesting to me when something very sad like that happens, the way people react. And inevitably, there are people who just have to make it about themselves. And the day after Robin Williams died, I was out, and there were three women talking. And they were being very nice. But the one woman was just making it about her. And I really wanted to smash her face! Shes a big giant lady, and she had, like, a big, wide-brimmed hat. She looked like Brando in The Island of Dr. Moreau! And she was just one of these its all about me people. She said to her two friends, she goes, Oh, my God, it was so terrible that he did that! Do you know, he and I had the same birthday? And I wanted to ask her, Where do you expect this discussion to go? Like, do people hear that, and theyre supposed to go, Oh, my God! I mean, for us, its going to be hard. But how are YOU going to get through this? Oh, once a year, you blow the candles out, oh, how terrible! And then shes naming his movies, but shes getting them all wrong. Shes, like, Oh, and he was so good in Good Hunting, and oh, in Doubtfire, he was so amazing! He was top of the tops! And when she said he was top of the tops, I really started to think, all right, how much time would I get if I bit her face? Like, is there a way to bite her face, and then just tell the judge, Your Honor, she said, top of the tops, I just saw Cape Fear! I got you now, bitch! And Joan Rivers sucked, because it was just so sad for all of us, because it was just so sudden, you know, and kind of avoidable. But I guess for her, its great, because thats the way you want to die. I want to die like Joan Rivers. I dont want a long, drawn-out death, and tributes. One minute youre here, the next minute youre gone. You dont want some, you know, terrible sad notes to be written to your family. You want your last thought to be, like, Wow, that nurse has weird nipples! Gaaahhhhhhhhh! Joan Rivers was so under-rated as a comedian, she really, I think, is the most under-rated comic of all time. Because whenever we talk about, like, the top five or top ten greats, you always hear, like, Richard Pryor, George Carlin, or Cosby, or Lenny Bruce. You never hear Joans name mentioned. And I think she was the most brutal… and I say that with affection… the most brutal comic I ever saw perform! She made fun of AIDS, she made fun of 9/11, I mean, recently she called Michelle Obama a trannie! Id be scared to text that to somebody! And when they asked her about it, expecting an apology, like, Why did you say that? Shes, like, Oh! Look at her! Joan Rivers was wonderful! I would have eaten her pussy 10 minutes after she died! God bless Joan Rivers! Because she never gave them what they wanted! She never said she was sorry. She was more fearless than any comic, she really was. Because they were always trying to get her to apologize! And in this era, man, thats what they do! They catch you saying something, and they hound you until you say youre sorry. And it seems like contextually, it doesnt matter what the situation is. Like, look what happened to Jonah Hill. Jonahs a nice guy, hes not a homophobe. Hes being stalked by the Paparazzi, the guys hassling him, and in one stupid moment, Jonah Hill uses an anti-gay slur, and they come right after him. Hes a homophobe! And he wasnt. The guy was all over him, and Jonah Hill just kind of, like, Suck my dick, faggot! Like, all right, thats not a nice thing to say if you yell it at a guy because hes taking too long making your cappuccino. Fair enough. You owe an apology if youre in Starbucks, and youre, like, Suck my dick, faggot! [Noise] But it seems like were now judged out of what we say and not what we do, because nobody penalizes the Paparazzi! As a kid, you were always taught what you say is irrelevant, your actions are all that matters. And now weve turned upside down, and were just the opposite way. Look at one of my closest friends, Anthony Cumia. Look what happened to Anthony Cumia! And you all know Anthony. For many, many years, you know, the show was the Opie and Anthony Show that I was on, and Anthony, look, comic genius, bit of a volatile personality! But, what happened, if anybodys not familiar with it, the reason Im talking about it is because Anthony was assaulted in Times Square one night. He was punched in the face by a black woman, and he went on Twitter and said some racially insensitive things. And people thought she might have been a hooker, but I dont know if you saw a photo that he tweeted of her, she was NOT a hooker. She looked like the boat captain in Apocalypse Now! And Anthony had this camera, a lot of people thought maybe he was being creepy. He had this camera for about a year in studio, and he had become obsessed with photography. He was photographing everything. And thats just what happens when you hit 50, and you have no love, or children. You photograph things, just so you have something to show people when they come to the house, other than empty beer cans and Xanax prescriptions! And Im not knocking Anthony, Im 46, and Im eyeing up cameras. Im right behind him! But he photographed… this black woman was walking, and she was in the photo. And I guess she might have thought he was being creepy. I dont know what her situation was. But she came back, and shes, like, You white mother fucker! And she belted him in the face about 10 times! And Anthony didnt hit her back. He went home, and I guess he thawed out, like, sometimes an assault, you thaw out after a little while. And he went on Twitter, and, you know, he kind of went on a rampage. And he said some shit that I wish he would have rephrased. Like, I wish he would have called me first and run them by me, I would have been, like, Thats fine, thats fine, no! Thats fine, thats fine, no! No, no, no, no! Put that one there, trust me! But they fired him, and it was so horrible that they fired him! First, and most importantly, they robbed me of the opportunity to tease my friend by getting his ass kicked by Madea. Do you have any idea… forever I could have made fun of him! Every day, I would have walked in and held up a picture of a different black woman! Oprah Winfrey, Duck, Anthony! Careful! And, you know, the problem was, the press just ran with it. And they were so predictable. They always take the easy narrative. Like, I wish for once, they would really just go the extra mile and take the proper angle on it, because, you know, the big story is, Shock jock says inappropriate things! How about the story being, Shock jock is assaulted, but reacts non-violently. Why wasnt the non-violent reaction part of the story? You dont have to like what Anthony said. You dont have to agree with what he said. But you do have to respect the fact that he didnt punch this woman in the face, nor did he pull out the gun that he has on him at all times! And he shouldnt have. He shouldnt have pulled his gun. But he didnt. And Anthonys one of those guys whos armed all the time, like, Ive been at his house 3:00 in the morning, hell be in his underpants with just a gun. If you look through the window, youd think he was either, like, a tall six-year-old playing sheriff, or a man whos mentally ill! I have been in his Jacuzzi with him at 3:00 in the morning, just me and him… as friends… and he has a gun within arms distance, outside of the Jacuzzi. And at one point I said to him, like, Dude, is something going to happen here that Im not aware? Like, you know, are you going to all of a sudden point that at me? And, Im, like… [gurgling sound] My heads going to pop out of the water, Im going to hear the Cosby theme song coming out of the house? Because I do think the fact that he behaved responsibly as a gun owner is worth noting. Because Im telling you very honestly, if I had a gun, that woman would have gotten shot! But not out of being a tough guy, or being angry, I would have panicked, because I cant fight for shit! And any woman that walks up to a guy at 3:00 in the morning and goes, You white mother fucker, and punches him probably could kick the shit out of me! So I guarantee you, if she hit me once, I would have pointed the gun at her in a panic, Get away from me, madam! And I would have shot her 30 to 40 times! And putting it away, I would have panicked, and shot myself, like Plaxico Burress! Then I would have went home on Twitter and blamed the Puerto Ricans! You know, gun ownerships a big responsibility. Like, I dont think Im the right mentality to have one. Like, Ive been dying to get one. And its not even to shoot people, I just want one for those annoying day to day interactions, like… do you ever go to return an item with no receipt? How great would a gun be at those moments? You dont have to brandish it, just quietly put it on the counter. Do you have a receipt? I dont know, do I? And the thing you got to be careful about is, you never know whos armed. Like, Anthony behaved responsibly. But not everybody does. There was a guy in Florida shot and killed for texting in a movie theater! Now, obviously, you hear that, you have mixed feelings… Thats one of those stories you hear, youre like, oh! Ahhh… And the guy who got shot was in his 30s, and the guy who killed him was a 71-year-old retired police captain. You cant find a crankier human being than a 71-year-old… I got all you guinea hoods locked up! And Im not saying the young guy deserved to get shot, but I think he read the situation wrong, because they started to argue, and it got very, very heated. Now, first of all, in fairness to the old guy, old people sucked with technology. He probably had no idea, he saw the glow of the cellphone, and, The mans got plutonium! And panicked, and shot his pants! But they started arguing, and it got very heated, then the old guy shot him. If youre in your 30s, and youre having a really nasty argument with a very old man, and the old mans not backing off, find out what he used to do for a living! Because theres a reason hes not backing off! So, at one point, just go, like, What did you used to do? And if hes, like, I was a baker! Then kick the shit out of him! But if he says, I was a police officer! Say, Thank you for your service! And another thing that should have tipped the young guy off is, they were both there with their wives. You dont argue with a man whos that old if hes with his wife, because that guys been married a long time, hes looking for a way out! Shooting you does not represent dying alone in prison; it represents a 30-year vacation with better food and more sex! Ill tell you what really scares me, though. Its not necessarily the random shootings, because those are very rare, and you cant live life being afraid of that. Its the workplace shootings, because those do not feel random. You always see those coming. So, theres, like, an anticipation before it happens. Because its always that one fucking nut on the job, you know what I mean, who slowly descends into being crazy. Because no one goes on a rampage the day they get hired. You know, its never, like, Welcome aboard! Let me show you where the break room is. Ill never need it! You know. Oh! By the way, was that the worst impression ever of pulling a gun? Who the fuck draws, like… If I ever wonder why I dont get acting work, remind me of, you know, All right, Jim, youre a bank robber, okay, Give me your money, see? Cut! What the fuck are you doing? Its always one of those guys that people start talking about for a month, like, I think theres something wrong with Bill! What do you mean? He holds his pen like this! He writes, JEWS in capital letters… And you watch those post-shooting interviews, theyre never shocked by who the shooter is! Were you surprised Bill went on a rampage? Oh, no, not at all! We knew Bill was going to kill all of us! How did you know? Well, hed say, Im going to kill all of you! And then hed spit in our food and walk out of the break room! We tried to have him fired, but hes one quarter Native American. It was a Human Resources issue! But its so interesting to me too, because I think by this point in your life, you know, what a gunshot sounds like. Weve all heard them or seen them in the movies or on television, and yet, they never think thats what it is the day of the shooting. I dont know what it is, but the interviews are always the same. Its, like, Well, I was at my desk, and I heard, pop pop pop, pop pop pop pop pop pop pop pop! And I thought it was firecrackers! So, I went out into the hallway, and it was Bill. And he was wearing Army fatigues, which I thought was odd, because hes an attorney. And he was pointing something at people who were sleeping on the floor, with cranberry sauce on them! I said, Bill, what are you doing, Bill?' Like, I understand youre in shock, but Jesus, fucking firecrackers? When was the last time you had your workday disrupted by fireworks? We saw that story on the news, it was, like, Well, I was at my desk, and I heard, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop! What happened? Edna turned 75! We threw firecrackers into the office, and she screamed because she broke her femur, jumping up in happiness! What was all the, Help, help?Oh, nothing, were just going to teabag her until the ambulance gets here! But you sense that kind of stuff off people. And were taught to ignore that, because its not social polite to prejudge people. But I think that we all connect on some weird level thats inexplicable. Like, I had a weird moment when I was in Washington, D.C. recently, in my hotel. And this is not, like, an ominous or threatening thing, it was just a weird, connecting, uncomfortable moment. I was in the elevator with three other guys, and we were all strangers to each other, four total strangers. And a woman steps on the elevator, before the doors close. And she starts to talk to one of the guys. And she goes, Hey, I just started working here, is there anything I can do to make your stay better? And when she said that, of course, I had a couple of things come to… you know, but I figure it was just too awkward to blurt out. You could eat my ass, you know, I just figured thats… because if that doesnt get a laugh, thats an ugly elevator ride! What? Oh, I was just… So, nobody said anything. And she got off about three floors later. And then there was an uncomfortable silence between the four of us guys that were remaining. And one guy finally couldnt hold it in. And he just blurts out, he goes, Damn, there was a few things I wanted to tell her she could do to make my stay better! And the other two guys were, like, Yeah, I was thinking the same thing! And then finally, pussy-boy, Jim goes, Yeah, me too, guys! I was thinking the same thing! But then, I just kind of creeped everybody out, She could have eaten all our asses, right guys? And then we could have killed her, huh? Now, thats not an ominous or scary thing, but the interesting thing to me was that four absolute strangers, independently, came to the exact same wrong conclusion! Because she was not being flirtatious, she wasnt being sexual, she was dressed, you know, very professionally. Just trying to be nice. Is there anything I can do to help… Were all, like, Yeah… grrrrr! Now, you probably attribute that to collective male immaturity. I think thats male immaturity, to be very honest with you. Because from my hotel window, I could see the Washington Monument. I spent an hour staring at the Washington Monument holding up two apples, trying to snap a photo… Because to every guy I know, me licking a 500-foot dick is hilarious! Its a really weird time for us culturally, isnt it? It just seems like were kind of adjusting to all the new technology and the instant communication. And as a result of that, a lot of us are getting in trouble. And you know, its not even for things like, Jonah Hill had the outburst, or Anthony for what he said on Twitter. People are getting in trouble for what they said a long time ago! I mean, look at Paula Deen, and her… and by the way, the Paula Deen outrage, youve got to be very careful, because talking about race gets people in trouble. Talking about race gets white people in trouble. And by the way, thats not black peoples fault, thats white peoples fault. Because, you know, most white people… I cant say all white people… but a lot of white people, whey they deal with race, they dont deal with race. Their idea of addressing racism is just finding other white people to throw under the bus so they dont look particularly bad. Because black people didnt give a shit about Paula Deen. That was a bunch of fake white people going, Could you believe she said the n word? Yes! Shes almost 70, from Georgia! Im impressed she doesnt have it tattooed on her knuckles! Because all white people want our black friends to know were not racist, but its an awkward conversation to have. You cant just walk up to your black friends for no reason and go, Hey, hey, hey, hey, I dont say, n i g g e r! But I can show you someone who does! And it was also, by the way, something she said 35 years ago. Thirty-five… that was embarrassing to me as an American. Were going to go into each others pasts, 35 years, and find little things we… its not like she was driving down the street now with a GoPro hooked up and a bullhorn, just yellowing, Attention, you at the bus stop, with the matching hat and shoes, you know… And it was, like, it kind of made me cringe. Im, like, are we really going to go over somebodys history? Can any of us withstand that scrutiny of having our whole lives opened up? Can anybody say weve never said anything racist? Like, not once? You know, you never got cut off by an Asian guy and said, Of course! Never? Like, you never saw a Jew picking up a penny and tried to sneak a photo with your iPhone really fast? Good luck, theyre hard to get! Theyre very fast! Youll never get that one! You just got a sleeve, coming backwards, you know… But it annoyed me so much, because it was so fake. It was just a chance for people to use her to show everyone how wonderful and progressive they are. So, I was on Twitter. And I like Twitter, its a great place to have a rational discussion. And I was making fun of all the fake outrage about Paula Deen. I also wanted to bash Paula Deen. I dont hate her. I thought she was great in Total Recall when her head came apart in the airport. But I dont particularly like her. So, at one point, after I made fun of all the fake outrage, I tweeted, By the way, just for the record, I do think that Paula Deen is a fat, irritating cunt! Now, I know that sounds really harsh, but I put a little winky face and a smile. It was cute! And you know, you can never give a shit if somebody gets upset, because no matter what you say publicly, theres always one person who wants to step in the line of fire on purpose, just to get upset, so they get a little attention for themselves. So, this big fat lady on Twitter gets mad at me because I used the word, fat. Shes, like, Oh, Jim Norton… its, like, first of all, the word fat there was not meant to attack fat people at all. I was simply using the word fat as kind of a gateway insult to get to cunt. Thats all I was doing! Cunt is obviously the point, but you cant have cunt in the middle, because nothing follows it! Cunt has to be… cunt is not the single in the third inning, cunt is the walk-off home run in the bottom of the 11th! You know what you say after cunt? Ta daaa! Thats what you say! So, this woman gets really mad at me, and she -mentions me, and she goes, Oh, now Jim Norton is fat-shaming! Unfollow! Oh! First of all, are you sure youre not unfollowing me because Im walking quickly? And second of all, can we stop with the victimizing terms, like, fat-shaming, all the time? Just because you mentioned a condition, it doesnt mean youre shaming victims! How come nobody accused me of fat-shaming the first 20 years of my career, when all I did was attack my awful torso onstage? I made a living for two decades mashing my… because first of all, I was 30 pounds heavier, and it was not evenly distributed. It was, like, between my pubis and my weak chin! Like a little bag of placenta! I would call myself an ugly, unfuckable amoeba! Patrice ONeal said, Jim Norton looks like any container you pour him in! Nobody attacked Patrice, Hey, thats not right! You know? I used to do a joke in my act, right? Talked about taking a dildo and duck-taping it between my almost-C-cup breasts, and killing myself with a gun on New Years Eve! Not one person ever said, Hey, dont go fat-shaming yourself, thats… No! They were more, like, Ahhh! Do it, piggy tits! Ahhh! And the way, you know, its funny, because I have dropped the weight, and, you know, theres still… Would I be really annoying if I got cocky after I said that, and just trying to… People ask, like, How do you drop the weight? And it really is just from, you know, doing the right thing. Keeping it off is really hard. And one of the things that helped me keep the weight off, honestly, was, you kind of get used to compliments. And people are going, Hey, you look like you lost some weight, and it makes you feel good about yourself. And some of you understand this story. I was a… Im an Ozzy Osbourne fanatic for my entire life. And Ive met Ozzy many times, Ive interviewed him over the years, and I never expect Ozzy to remember me, because theres this really nasty rumor that he experimented with drugs in the 80s… and the last time I saw him, not only did he recognize me, but he realized that I had lost weight. And it was one of the most surreal moments of my life. Ozzy walks in, and he goes, [Enlish accent] Hey man, youve lost a lot of weight, you look great! What have you been doing? And I was so blown away that Ozzy realized I lost weight, that I responded to him in an Irish accent! I have no idea why I did it! It wasnt planned! Hes, like, You lost weight, what have you been doing? And I was, like, [Irish accent] Ah, just going to the gym, eating better! I swear to you, I didnt… hey, if Ozzy compliments you, pretend youre from somewhere else, you know? [Irish accent] Ah, just lifting a few weights, man! You know. I didnt even realized I had done it until an hour later, when Anthony went, What the fuck was that? One of the most humiliating moments of my life, that I did that! And Bob Kelly, that piece of shit! If Bob gets hit by a bus tonight, it wont be soon enough! He couldnt have been happier! He had that audio on his phone, he was playing it for people who didnt even know who the fuck I was! Dude, listen to this fake piece of shit! Jim Norton… duh… he doesnt even know who he is… duh… like, hes from fucking Ireland! Theres also a lot of concerns, it seems, I dont know, are you guys concerned about your privacy going away? It really does seem like thats been a big topic of conversation for the last few years; is that our privacy is being taken away. No, its not. Its being given away, by us. And its not big brother, its not the government, were snitching on each other! We are tattling on each other! Were the one taking each others private information and uploading it, and giving it to the newspapers. Thats us! Donald Sterling was a great test of how much do we value privacy in this country, and we failed miserably! We failed miserably, because hes not a likable guy. And you cant judge privacy by whether or not somebody is likable. I wish they would have caught him committing a crime! He didnt deserve to lose a billion dollar franchise because he said nasty shit in his house! Like, wouldnt it have been better if they caught him in a pedophile sting? Wouldnt that have felt just something, like, Ahh, bring in those kids, Im going to fuck them all! But only the white ones, I dont fuck black ones! I only fuck the white ones! Then people could sit around and go, Ugghh! Hes a racist! You know. And again, hes not a nice guy, and his girlfriend was kind of a twat to tape him, but I didnt like his little schoolboy answer. Hes not an empathetic character. Oh, I thought that girl liked me! Youre 80, shes 35! If shes fucking you, its for your money! And Im not knocking that arrangement. That encourages me to work hard, and save my money and be somebody, so when Im 80, I can fuck a 35-year-old! But Im not going to be delusional about it and think shes into it. Like, what do you think? Thats her fetish? She wants your rotten, silly-putty dick jammed into her? Yeah, Im going to give it to you slow! Then his dementia kicks in, he just stops! Shes got to yell at him, Donald! Ahh, who are you? Youve got an Adams apple and a visor! Aargh! Pisses on her leg, Aargh! But hes a hard guy to empathize with, because he is a racist, you know? Hes not a hateful neo-Nazi type of racist, like, he doesnt want to beat the shit out of black people, he is one of those really old guys who doesnt even know hes a racist. Like, hes the type of guy who would meet President Obama and go, Boy, you people sure have come a long way! Youre as good as I am! And he was mad that his girlfriend was hanging out with all these world-class athletes and posting the pictures on social media, probably because his friends were giving him shit. And now, on the tape is that one funny moment, where she, like, has a picture with Magic Johnson. And he yells at her for it. And shes, like, Well, I happen to admire Magic Johnson! And hes, like, Well, you can admire him, but do it privately! You could bring him over here, you could feed him and fuck him, just dont post it on Instagram! Youre encouraging her to fuck Magic Johnson? Donald, perhaps you havent heard… Thats the last guy you should be encouraging her to fuck! Let her fuck Kobe Bryant, or LeBron James, like, and then put on an oven mitt and jerk Magic off into the sink! Guys a billionaire, he has a 1980 Forrest Gump understanding of AIDS! Why you coughing so much, Jenny? You look really thin! Boy, him and Lieutenant Dan did really great with the ladies. Forrest, this is my fat Asian wife, Susan, Forrest! We did really great with the chicks! Your wife weighs 40 pounds, and my wife looks like the guy who sang Gingham Style! Who knows, maybe Sterling did have dementia, I dont know. Maybe that… they said thats why they took the team, because his faculties werent all there. He didnt look good in the Anderson Cooper interview. I dont know if you guys remember that interview, but whenever you get in trouble, the first thing the lawyers tell you is shut the fuck up, dont talk to anybody. And Im always, like, no, go out there and speak up for yourself! But then I saw him in that Anderson Cooper interview, and Im, like, Oh, thats why they tell you to shut the fuck up! Not good! Jerry Sandusky did a better job of damage control in the Bob Costas interview. And that was not a good job of damage control, at all! Why did you shower with them? I just like when their hineys smell like shampoo, Bob! I like when we would wrestle around and our scrotums got tangled up like old phone cords! There was nothing wrong with those boys sleeping over and screaming into a pillow for an hour and a half, while my codependent, Brian-Dennehy-looking wife just stayed upstairs making cookies and whistling, so she couldnt hear the screams! Another fucking delusional spouse, Who wants a cookie? Aha, ha, ha! Ooh, someone needs a sugar cookie to dab those tears and bleeding assholes, doesnt he? So, look, maybe, you know, maybe his mental health wasnt good, because Sterling, it seemed like that Anderson Cooper interview was going okay, and then it just went off the rails very suddenly, it was really bizarre. They were talking, and out of nowhere, Sterling goes, And when has Magic Johnson done it so great? And you could see Anderson Cooper was actually thrown by this. Hes, like, Well, you know, hes an entrepreneur, hes started a lot of businesses. And then Sterling just blurts out, Hes got AIDS! Thats the greatest example of an old man blurting shit out youre ever going to see in your life! Thats the type of thing youd expect an old guy to say when hes walking, like, with his ass hanging out of a hospital gown. Yeah, hes got AIDS! Hes putting AIDS in my Jello and in my orange juice! And its not even, you know, again, going into peoples pasts, or privacy invasions. You can also get in trouble in this culture that were in right now for giving an opinion that one segment of the population finds unpleasant. Like, we claim that we like honesty and open dialog, and then all we do is go after people for saying shit we dont like! Phil Robertson, the patriarch of Duck Dynasty, in an interview with GQ said he was against gay marriage. And I dont like that opinion, I think its stupid, and Im all for gay marriage. But you shouldnt be afraid to say youre against it. You know? Because A&E was so full of shit, they pulled him off the air. Theyre like, We had no idea he felt that way! I know, why would you? Hes only a born again Christian preacher! What are the odds hes against gay marriage? A hundred percent! Those are the odds! The entire family looks like the Unabomber, how do you think they feel about gay people? Heres the rule of thumb: When you say, homosexuals, youre against gay marriage! And he said something like, You know, Im against homosexuality, bestiality, fornication. And I understand why gay people were upset. I mean, I really do. I mean, no one wants to be mentioned right before bestiality. I get it! I dont think gay people are being unreasonable to go, Look, you dont have to love us, but could you separate us from the dog fuckers by more than a comma, you piece of shit? But he gets pulled off the air, and people were celebrating, and groups were happy. And thats a very dangerous place to be in a free society. The only group that should have been happy he got in trouble are ducks! I understand if ducks hate Phil Robertson, because that duck whistle is responsible for a duck holocaust. So, I get it if theyre not a fan of his! And first of all, like, I dont hunt ducks, so I dont know anything about it. But I will say, if you have to trick a duck, youre a shitty hunter! Im sorry! Because ducks arent dangerous animals. You know, like a bear or an alligator, where its kill or be killed. This is kill, or wait a few more minutes! Thats all it is! You know, ducks are very, very… theyre very non-threatening. They have little, fat delicious stomachs, their legs are this long, they kick their own assholes when they run! Theyre not hard to find. Youd think if you were that helpless, youd kind of keep it on the D-L when youre in the forest. But these idiots walk through like theyre the fucking mayor! Raahh! Raahh! Raahh! You dont need to trick a duck. You know what you need to hunt a duck? Two ears and a hammer. Thats all you need to hunt a duck! Or, a piece of Wonder Bread, you impatient mother fucker! Just stand at the end of the lake and wave it! They dont speak English, you could even tell them what youre going to do! Come here, little duck! Im going to bash your brains in! Gonna bash them right the fuck in! Ducks are so stupid; while one duck is eating the bread, you could pick the other duck up by the legs and Caligula-smash his head into a rock! The other ducks wouldnt even flee! Theyd all go, Oh, look, hes drying Murray off, how helpful! You know how stupid ducks must feel when they fall for that duck call? How humiliating! Theyre, like, [DUCK CALL], theyre, like, Come on, guys, someone needs help! Youre, like, pop pop pop, pop pop pop pop pop! No, its okay, I think its just firecrackers! Its just a very scary time for privacy, and for stuff like that. And I think part of the reason we are so ill-equipped to handle everything is because we didnt understand the technology that was coming. People are getting in trouble, because were responding immediately to things. And heres why: Because nobody warned us about this. Nobody told us when we were in high school. Did anybody come to you, we talked about the future? They said things like, Oh, youre going to have flying cars, or, you know, Moms going to push a button and a pot roast will show up in the living room! Ooh! Good for mom! No guidance counselor ever just said, Jim, stay alive, because someday soon, youre going to have a six-inch glass telephone that you can use to photograph your dick! And you can send it to any girl in the world! I wouldnt even ask if it made phone calls! Were losing the ability to pause. Now, I have a lot of dick photos on my phone. And thats easy for me to say as a comedian. I know as regular people, I have a little more leeway than you do; you know, youre a schoolteacher, you cant go on Facebook, Took a great cock shot! L-O-L! I had so many pictures of my dick on my phone, I cant hand my phone to a family member. Like, if I was having a stroke, and my mother was, like, Quick! Ill call the hospital! I would have to go, Fuck it! Ill be all right, ma! But, you know, its so easy to ruin somebodys life. And once again, were not punishing the people who are releasing the information, who are doing the life-ruining. Were actually penalizing the people whose stuff is stolen, and whose text messages and shit are posted online! Like, Anthony Weiner in New York is a great example. I dont know much about his politics, I just know that people who voted for him felt that he really did what they wanted him to do, and his career is ruined because of stupid dick pictures! And people were, like, He used very poor judgment! I thought he used wonderful judgment! He wasnt cheating on his wife at all, he was just talking to her! He didnt risk disease, he didnt risk pregnancy. He didnt waste gas! That, to me, is an excellent… by the way, and it shows you how full of shit people are! Because how many years have we been saying, Why cant we get a regular guy elected to office? That was the best shot were ever going to have! Because what says regular guy more than a man who gets in trouble sending a photo of his dick, and then does it again? He did it again! When he did it the second time, every guy in this country should have said, Im going to follow this guy to the White House, because he understands who I am! And the pictures were not good. I mean, we all saw the picture. I mean, it was something that he really… that had… he had a towel around it, he had a hard-on tenting, and his body, and his face. And when I saw that he had put his face and his heart on in the same picture, I wanted to hug him! Like, come here, you rookie, get over here! What is the matter with you? Never! Ill send my face, Ill send my dick. Never in the same photo! I wont even take those pictures in the same room, so you can put them together later in Photoshop! Like, if you want a picture of my face, Ill go outside and stand in front of a tree, or have some sunshine. And then, if you want my dick, Ill, like, open the refrigerator, hang it in front of the vegetable drawer, you know. Ill move, obviously, the zucchinis and cucumbers, and put in some baby carrots! But its easy to get in trouble, because the immediacy… like, you know, were all, you know, horny. Youre talking to somebody, theres no pause anymore! Youre talking to a girl, youre texting, shes, like, I want to see your dick! Youre, like, You want to see my fucking dick? Theres my fucking dick! Oh my God, I ruined my life! Oh, my God! And now, theres pre-cum in my hair! Oh, my God! I dont think were any worse now than we used to be, we just… years ago, you couldnt do that, because the technology didnt exist to do it. Men were the same 30 years ago. You know, in the mid -80s, youd be talking to a girl, like, You want to see my dick? Ill show you my fucking dick! Sit tight! Youd have to go get the Polaroid out, try to line up the shot, and your dick would never get hard for the photo. Remember the old fluff? Youd have to do the fluff, and then try to move your hand out of the way, to snap the picture on the upswing. You never got it, it was always, like, that… And then finally, youd just kind of pinch the back of the head and hold it out. You looked like a lioness holding her cub! Oh! Then, youd have to get in the car, drive it to her house, beep the horn, roll down the window, Heres my blurry, thin dick, stupid, drive away… You couldnt claim temporary insanity in 1984. I didnt know what I was doing, you paid three tolls before you gave her your dick picture, what are you talking about? And you couldnt ruin somebodys life instantly. You couldnt have one moment of vindictiveness back then, and ruin someones life. Now, you just push a button, and somebodys judgment error is uploaded into the consciousness of the entire planet! Thirty years ago, you wanted to wreck a life with a dick photo? Door to door operation! [Knock] Guess who? I dont know, its kind of small, and hes wearing a Black Sabbath shirt. Its either Jim Norton or a five-year-old with great music taste! And dont get me wrong. You know, Im not blaming technology for what weve turned into. Im just saying the immediacy makes our decision-making, you know, a little more important. And I was a pervert long before a computer… this is how long Ive been a pervert. I used to rent pornography from Rite Aid Pharmacy! Does anybody remember 30 years ago, when Rite Aid had a video rental section, and we didnt own a VCR. I would walk a mile to the video store. And you were allowed to rent three porno tapes, which was the maximum, which I think was my fault, because the first time I walked in pushing a hand truck! And I think they were, like, Somebody better flag this kid, or hes going to need Tommy John surgery before hes 18! And they didnt have the pornos displayed all over the pharmacy. They had, like, regular movies. And if you wanted to see the pornos, there was a binder behind the counter that had photos of all the box covers in it. So, youd have to wait until the counter cleared out, then youd walk over and go, like, Uh, can I see the binder, please? They put on those gloves they use to train a falcon! And then youd have to pick out three movies that you were going to watch for two days. So, your addiction couldnt go all over the place, you had to make a decision. All, right, maybe Ill get, like, a little girl-girl, and maybe Ill wind up getting a little interracial porn, is always good. Then you get the one you pretend you dont know is transsexuals. Just hope its not the same guy behind the counter when you bring it back, because then youve got to make up an excuse. Hey, I thought this was chicks with detectives! Thats the third time you got me with this one! But now, man, you dont have to make decisions. You can just open one of these porn megasites, and look at anything you want. And that really exacerbates your sexual addiction. Im not saying it causes it, but it does make it a lot worse. I want to know how many things become fetishes that guys click on, just to have a laugh. Like, how many guys have clicked on a video, and, like, This girl is going to shit in this guys face! [Laughs] Oh, for Petes sake! And the whole, like, pretending youre young thing is just bizarre. Like, I dont mind the Catholic school girl skirt. Thats kind of sexy. But I dont like when 30-year-old woman walks into my bedroom, I didnt do my homework! Do it, retard! What do you want me to tell you? Spank me! I was late for school! Nobody gets spanked for being late for school anymore! What is this, 1953 dirty talk? Ooh, spank me, I served a negro at the counter at Woolworths today! Update your dirty talk to the new millennium! Ooh, you brought in muffins, even though some of the kids have peanut allergies! Naughty! You didnt give a Valentines Day card to the Muslim boy, youre not all-inclusive, young lady! Oh! Ive just… you know, I think part of the problem for me is Ive been so open about how dirty I am for so long, it just makes women not want to go out with me. Like, ah, any guy ever been fucked with a strappon? Cool! No no, Ill bite the bullet on this one, its fine! Ive tried. Ive never actually been able to go through with it. Because its only because physically, my body wont take… a lot of guys are, like, What, what, are you fucked by a guy? No, at this point… But theres just something perverse about a woman with a fake dick, and shes going to wreck your asshole! Theres just something that I kind of, like, I dont know! But Ive never been able to go through with it, because for some reason, you know, whenever a strappon is hitting my… my asshole reacts like an eye with a finger in it, just… And Ive tried a few times, I just… Im finally going to have to give up on it. The last time I tried, I was in Los Angeles with a woman, and I was laying on my back, and shes kneeling between my legs. And my legs were draped over her thighs. And she was jabbing a sixteenth of an inch in. And that was all I needed. I was happy with that. Shes, like, Im going to go farther in. Im, like, No! No! Like, Im trying not to get her to piss on the rug! No! Sixteenth of an inch was fine! Im tweedling my nipples, Oh, Im a bitch! Im a bitch! My poor dick was just curled up, limp and shivering like a wet Chihuahua! Oh, what am I doing? Who is he? I dont know who he is anymore! What is this invader? But then she pushes it in about a half inch, which was a bad move, because I had had vegetable juice, which tends to make me a little gassy! And I told her, like, Do NOT push it… no! No! Because she was going to pull it out, NO! Im, like, We have a situation, here! I wanted her to take off that strappon, leave it in my asshole, and go home! But she thought she knew better, and she pulled back… You know what happens when the door of an airplane gets ripped off at 30,000 feet? And she couldnt even get up, because my legs were over her thighs, so, she just kind of had to go back, like that. I have never been prouder of myself in my entire life! Because fuck her, no means NO! Thank you guys very much. I love ya! I appreciate you coming! Thank you! I love you, Boston! Thank you very much, guys! I appreciate it!

BRENT MORIN@IM BRENT MORIN@2015@Shot at the Gramercy Theatre, New York The special opens with a confrontation between Morin and a security guard (comic Leonard Ouzts), who demands to see a backstage pass. Morin insists this is his Netflix taping; the guard says he cancelled his subscription, pushes Morin against the wall, and only relents at the behest of comedian Adam Ray. Listen, listen, listen… Youre talking. You keep talking. You keep talking. You keep talking. Can you stop talking? There you go, perfect. Heres the deal. I told you this before and Im not gonna tell you again, the tickets are at will call, Zac. Just go to will call. All right? Im not lying to you. Im not gonna trick you. I know youre bringing a date. Its fine. I left them at will call. I… I cant talk about this, okay? Bye. Bye. Just get here… Ah! Fuck it! Goddamn it! Hey, what? Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey! I need to see a pass, man. You didnt… You cant read? That says VIP. You dont look very important at all. Okay, its a personal attack? Umm… Its my show, actually. – So… – Its your show? What… I mean, who are you? I dont even… Youre just walking up. What? Who are you? Im Brent Morin. Its… – Who? – Brent Morin. Its my show. I… I have to get in there. Oh, you have to. I have to get… No, you dont. You dont have a pass, so youre not getting in. – This is my special. – I dont care if youre special. I dont care what kind of helmet you wear to school. I dont care. No, Im not special. Im saying this is my special, my first comedy special for Netflix and Im about to go on stage in five minutes. – I have to get in there, you idiot. – Youre not doing nothing for Netflix, – cause they cut my account off. – Look, I have to go, okay? Okay. You think Im playing with you? I told you… – I told you… that I needed… a pass. – Did you just slap me? – Now, where… You got a pass. – I dont have a pass. – Its my special. – You got a… You got a pass. Whoa. Len, hes good. Release. Release. – Yeah, dude… – No, cause they keep tryin me, Adam. I told him he need a pass. What did I tell you about strangling people back here, dude? You gotta take it down. Its Brent Morin. Its his special tonight. – Hes cool. All right? Hes with me. – Hes good? Hes with… – Im sorry, man. Im sorry. – Hes with me. This is my list. – Im with him, were here together. – Hey! Hey, whoa. Youre with him? Man… – How you been, man? – Ive been great, dude. – Youre looking good, man. – I appreciate it, man. – We gotta do drinks. – Definitely. – Get him a pass. – Dude, let it go. Let it go, take the loss. – Oh, Jesus. Do you have a pass? – Pass? Dude, what is this, PE? I just walked the fuck in. Oh, my God. That guy looks so much like me. – Okay. – You got a girl coming? Yes. Yeah, Instagram, she could be the one, or not. I dont know. Doesnt matter. Saved her a seat, right up front. Couldnt look better. – Dude, its your night, live it up. – Thats what Im saying. Yup, Im grabbing him right now. Hi, Brent? Hi, Im Laura, the stage manager. – Hi, Laura. – Were three minutes out. – Beautiful. Thank you. – Okay? – Um, is that what youre wearing? – Yes. Really? Uh, yeah. What the fuck? – What the fuck? – All right. He refuses to change it, guys. – What the fuck is that? – Its his go-to. Talk about your… – You look like Drake. Dont listen to her. – Thank you. Thats bullshit. This is your night, all right? Oh. – What the fuck… Sorry? – Sorry. You dont seem sorry. Well, I said it, so I am. Um, Brent, this is T. Shes dope, right? What the fuck? Were gonna need a few more minutes. So, I guess youre not wearing that shirt? Oh, I bet youre really happy about that. What the fuck? Whats that about? I dont give a shit who this is. What the hell? His hair is thinning. What? Baby, thats rude… and true. What the fuck are you doing back here? Why arent you with Mom and Dad? Ive seen it. Okay, Brent, it is time to go. It is show-time. Okay. All right. Fine, I have to go, okay? – Intro music. What you coming… – Come out to Hall & Oates. – Who gives a shit? – Ooh. – Yeah. – They got like five slaps. Slappin, all the songs. What the fuck are you talking about? No, Im not dealing with any lingo right now, okay? I have to go and I will have to change and I dont get to wear my goddamn Drake sweater! And I thank you, T, I appreciate it. Yeah, keep looking at me like that. I… Goddamn! Make it loud, keep those hands clapping. Give it up for Brent Morin! New York! Hey! Yeah. Its not gonna get better than that. That was awesome. Holy shit. I wish every girl that turned me down was here right now. Thatd be awesome. Fuck you. I was gonna say a name, but I realized if I said it, maybe theyre here and itll be really weird. So Im not gonna do that. Oh, man. New York, New York. Im an east coast kid, Connecticut, lets not judge me. Yeah! So white. This whole audience is white. I just realized that. This is the whitest audience Ive ever seen in my entire life. This is the cutest shit Ive ever seen. Its like a fucking CW show in here right now. This is who I bring out, huh, just tax payers? I have nobody edgy? Goddamn it! I gotta get a scandal. All right, shut up. Focus. Sorry. I gotta get into it. Okay. All right, look, heres the deal. I got some… Okay, just… All right. Shut up. I had a girl leave me for a magician, recently. Why is it funny? It happens. Maybe it doesnt happen. Maybe, at Hogwarts it happens. I dont know if it happens in real life. But it happened to me. First off, we werent boyfriend-girlfriend. Let me explain that, okay? Im a single man, I like being a single man. Being a single man is fun, I enjoy it. And when youre single you dont have to deal with that confrontation. What usually happens is you hook up for a few months then you go your separate ways, then maybe you run into each other and you have that half sentence conversation. You know, like, Wow. I know. Hi. Bye. You know, that shit. So, Im at a party, I see this girl, I assume were about to have that conversation. I am. But she walks up to me and the way she started this, I realize that we werent gonna have that conversation. She walked up to me and this is the first thing she says, she goes, Hey, Brent, hi. Um, listen, Ive been meaning to talk to you… Any time a girl has to verbalize a breathing, thats like… The second she did that, my heart was sweating. You ever had your heart sweat before? Like, youre in high school and you call your teacher Mom for no reason, you ever do that shit? Am I the only one who got caught off guard in the morning? Like, Hey, Brent. Hey, Mom. Fuck! Whatd you say? Shut the fuck up, Elliot! Dont tell anybody. So, now my heart is sweating and Im at this party and Im with my good friends. What I mean by that is Im with my worst friends, okay? So, they hear this… Like, its a dog whistle and immediately theyre like, Holy shit. Everybody, get in. Get in. No, get in. It could be an STD. She could say STD. No. Bring in all the pretty girls from the back. Everybody, come in. Please be pregnant. Please be pregnant. Like, hes doing that shit. So, now Im sitting there, my heart is sweating, shes there, friends, strangers all around and this is what she says to me, word for word, she goes, Look, um, the reason why I, kind of, fell off the map is… Okay, so, I started dating this magician. Now, you ever think that you heard something, but youre like, Theres no fucking way I just heard that. You know, youre like, Did you say penis party? Theyre like, No, I said lets go to a fucking Blockbuster. Whatever. Even though Blockbuster isnt open. That was a terrible reference, you know what I mean. Its gone. Netflix. Hey! Ha! So she says, Magician. Understand, thats obviously not what I think somebodys gonna say to me. So, I immediately go, Im sorry, what did you say? My friend leans in and goes, She said she left you for a magician. She left him for a magician. She left him… No, no, no, its worse than an STD. Tell all your pretty friends. Yeah, a magician, like one of those circus freaks. Yeah. Heres the problem I have with that. Why say magician, why say magician, like thats a normal job, like thats something you could say in life? You might as well say puppeteer. Dont fucking just say magician, like magics real. Nobodys flying home tonight. Youre not dating David Blaine. Cause heres the problem I have. I dont think theres a lot of middle class magicians. I think youre either rich and we know you, or youre poor with a rabbit, okay? For real. I dont think you go to a cul-de-sac in the suburbs and see a guy pushing a push mower with a fucking cape on. I dont think that happens. Fucking magician, really? A magician. I know you wonder why Im being shitty towards magicians. As a fellow entertainer, I should appreciate that. Like, what happened with me and a magician. Like, was my dad a magician and left us? I know I have that energy right now. Like, I was eight, getting ready for baseball and my dads like, Bye, son. Puff! Papa? Papa? Papa? I dont know why Im saying, Papa. I assume your dads a magician from the old country, wherever the fuck that is. Honestly, I just like to picture all my childhood memories, like, me as a little Italian boy from the 1900s. For real. For real, like, its bad. Ive been doing this, like, that was the best time to be a kid. I wish I was a little Italian boy from the 1900s. You ever see a picture of one of those kids? Baggy clothes, obviously from the brother that just died. You know, they got the hand-me-downs. They always look tired as shit. Papa… Always yelling at their mom, Mama! Papa, he poof! Fuck this I go! Where are you going? I go to America, I be a comedian. And thats how I got here. Thats so stupid. Im the biggest idiot. Youre starting to realize why Im single, by the way. This is… This is true. Im actually trying to find a picture of a little Italian boy from the 1900s, this is real, so that I could frame it, like, a good frame, like, a good frame, not that cheap shit, like, a good frame and put it in my house next to, like, my family photos, so that when women come over and go, Whos that? I could be like, Thats me as a child. Then they just never bring it up again. Because my hope is that they go to brunch the next day, and her friends are like, So, how is he? Shes gotta be like, Um, you know, I think hes, like, 100. This is so stupid. You know whats even dumber than that? Some of you dont believe me, Im actually trying to do this. Im on the road and I realize, Oh, my project… Cause thats what I call these things. I dont have a day job. Im just like, Oh, I got that project I have to do. So, I Google Image little Italian boys from the 1900s. Yeah, you see how you got it right away? It took me, like, two days to realize thats not something you Google Image. So I panicked and I, like, deleted the history. And then my friend was like, So, let me get this straight, you Google Imaged little Italian boys from 1900s. Then, two days later, you deleted it. So, basically, what youre saying is, you looked at em, got what you wanted and got rid of the evidence. Because its not like I Google Searched it. You Google Search it, it could be a project, who knows, like an actual project. It could be a family tree. Google Image just goes, I wanna look at em. You know what I mean? I dont know who red flags this shit, but Im definitely red flagged. Theres no way in hell Im not. Whoever was doing it was like, Boss… Boss, we got a weird one. You gotta get in here. No, hes specific. So, the magician showed up. Showed up to the party. Hot. So fucking hot. I dont even think he opened the door. I think it just opened. You know? And he was just there. Youre just like… Uh… Like, I made that noise. I saw him and I went… Uh… Like… Like, if I slept with him, its not gay, you understand what Im saying, like, a hot guy. Hes probably named Shiloh, or Skyler, or Ashley theyre all girl names from the future. Cause theres a big difference between a good looking guy and a hot guy. Hot guys get away with things they shouldnt be allowed to get away with. Like, a hot guy can wear, like, a deep V T-shirt. So deep, like, so deep. Where did you find this? Like, to the belt. Who sold this to you, a pirate? Where the fuck did you find this? Just wear a deep V tee, with, like, a wool scarf, cause they dont sweat, and like, a goddamn Indiana Jones hat, with rain boots and army pants, and like, a wooden cross that they made, cause theyre so artistic. Skip a line at a night club and the bouncers like, Yeah, let him in. Like, thats a vampire. Who the fuck did you just let in? Like, Im out here in a prom outfit, dressed like Cory Matthews, and you let this fucking person in. I know who I am. Its a great luxury as a hot guy. I dont have that luxury, I know that, okay? Like, Brad Pitt, I saw a picture of Brad Pitt recently. Fifty, fifty, he had blond hair down to here. What? What do you have, a castle on a cloud? How the fuck? How do you raise a family that beautiful? Like, as a father, you need to be able to intimidate your boys. How are you doing that when youre gorgeous? Like, at the park, like, Hey! Get over here. Get over here. Get… Oh! Hey, dont make me come over there. Yeah, Im talking to you. Get the fuck over here right now. Im not gonna ask again. Im not gonna ask again. You trying to show off for your friends, thats what youre fucking doing now? Thats it. Angie, give me a scrunchy. Im hitting the kids. Give me a fucking scrunchy. Hold the rings, I havent finished. Give me this shit! And put some weight on, all right? Youre scaring the shit out of me in the hallways, its like fucking a priest. Whered he go? Where did the Asian one go? Son of a bitch! This is how all hot guys look all the time. Like, the sun bothers them. You ever notice, they laugh like they dont know what laughing is. Just, Ha-ha-ha-ha. Ha-ha-ha-ha. Its just too ugly out here. You ever think hot guys get mad, then realize theyre hot and immediately dont get mad? Like, Son of a bitch! Everythings gonna be fine. Well, Im so happy my dad isnt hot. Hear me out, that sounds bad. Hes here too, so this is weird, but… What I mean is, my dad looks like a dad. He looks like a father, you know what I mean? Thats where I wanna get in life. I wanna get to the age where I dont care anymore. I give a shit, I care. I put this outfit on, I looked in the mirror, I hated it, I changed. I put another outfit on, I looked in the mirror, I put this back on. I shaved my neck, so Ive a better chin. I got blue curtains, so my eyes pop. Everythings planned. I dont wanna do it anymore. I wanna get to the age where I dont give a fuck. Get that E.T. body. You know, you dont know if theyre skinny or fat, it just looks comfortable. Thats where I wanna get. My dad was a world-class athlete. One day, just posture gone, no muscle definition, stomach out, no ass, no chin. Like, fucking Kermit just walking around. Get that walk. I wanna get that life cough. You know, that cough that, like, some shit went wrong in the past… You know, like… Thats where I wanna get. You know, before they found out some shits really bad for you… Fuck. Worked at a coal mine when I was eight. Youre like, Yeah, yeah. I wanna get that cough in my life. My dad doesnt really… My dad is my hero, first off. Most selfless human being Ive ever met, all he cares about is other people. If I could be half the father he was, Id be the greatest father in the world. What I used to love doing, though, in high school, was making him mad at me. Because my father was an older father and when he would yell at me, hed run out of breath, mid-yell. And the second I discovered that shit, it was the greatest thing in my life. Ill never forget it. I used to skip school a lot, because I was an average student. Greatest luxury of my life, being an average student. So I hated it. Both my parents are teachers, that doesnt fly in our house, okay? My dad would come home and yell at me, but hed run out of breath, and when I discovered this, this was the greatest thing in the world. My dad comes in, mad as shit. He goes, Hey! Youre gonna skip school? Maybe you stay at home all summer, youre not even gonna play baseball… And my little brother knows me so well, hes like, Dont do it. Im like, I gotta keep doing it. I was like, Dad, I missed half of that. Oh, you wanna be smart? Maybe you dont go to prom, well make you go to Blackmans, youre gonna get movies for the family. Youll fuckin watch movies with us… My moms like, Youre killing your father! My dads shrinking, too. Its fucking hilarious, cause my dads really good at speeches. He gives great speeches, life speeches, hes always been great at it. But hes getting shorter. You know what I mean? Hes just getting a little bit shorter. And the great thing about him is that he doesnt buy clothes. Thats where I wanna get. My dad just puts on whats around. Seventy years old, he walks out in cargo shorts. First off, if youre an adult man and you wear cargo shorts, and you dont work at Jurassic Park, what the fuck are you doing? Why do you need these? Are you taking the woods to work? Where are you going, Dad? But hell just put cargo shorts on, dress socks, flip-flops, a girls college lacrosse sweater. I dont know where he got it, I dont have a sister, nobodys ever played lacrosse. He puts on a golf visor, hes like, All right, come on, lets go to church. Like, No, nobodys going to church. You look like you fell into Goodwill. But hes shrinking, hes shrinking. And its the funniest shit in the world, because hes wearing the same clothes. Its like hes wearing Shaqs clothes now. I just… Okay, this is really weird, what Im about to do. Im just curious, how short is he gonna get? Like, am I gonna come home, ten years form now, on Christmas… Ten years from now, on Christmas, Im gonna be like, Wheres Dad? Psst. Down here. Dad? Why are you dressed like a gnome? Theres something I never told you. Why do you talk like Regis Philbin? How can nobody see you right now? Close your eyes. Puff! Jesus Christ, what is that? Get down here, quickly. What am I doing right now? Hold my hand. Jesus, its so little. Hurry, hurry. Dad, I gotta be honest, youre moving quick, but were not going anywhere. This is on you. Where are you taking me? I wanna introduce you to your real family. What? Why are we going behind the Christmas tree? Jesus Christ, Dad, what is that beautiful little door? Follow me, quickly. Dad, Im not gonna fit. Believe. Believe? Wow! This place is beautiful. Theres so many slides. What the fuck was that? Thats your cousin Boom-Boom. What? This is your uncle Zumba, and Gumbala and Duko. Wait a minute, is this shit gonna happen to me? Yes, youre not hot. So, back to the party with the magician. So… He brought his cards. Stop! We get it, youre mystical. Whyd you gotta bring the fucking cards? I dont bring a microphone to a party. Im not in the kitchen, like, That reminds me of this time… Im not doing that shit. So, I got drunk. I got drunk. I love to drink, okay? I may have a problem, you know what I mean? I realize, if you say it cute, you get away with it. Its the worst time in history to be a drunk, by the way, hands down. Were too connected as people now. These smart phones, like… I shouldnt be able to get drunk, alone, in my bedroom, with the door locked and ruin everything. You could ruin your entire life, if you have enough apps. Have you thought about that? You can. You can go to Amazon, already connected to your credit card, you just start buying shit. Drone just drops off a trampoline tomorrow, you know, in your fucking yard. You could e-mail your boss. Yeah, now youre thinking about it, huh? You ever been drunk mad? Its the least justified mad youll ever be in your life. You dont even need to know an e-mail anymore. All you need is a first letter. T for Ted, subject, all caps, Fuck you, Ted! And you just let him have it, youre wasted, like, You know what, Ted? Youre fucking stupid, your business plan is shit, your daughter smells like toast. Fuck you! Fuck the offices. Three more lines, Z-D-B-B-D-D-D-B-B-B. A thousand exclamation points, cause you fell asleep for a second. Three more lines under… Huh? Cause you forgot it was an e-mail, its just a blank page. Then youre like, Oh, yeah! And your wifes a little whorey, spelled houry but he gets it, you know, he knows what it is. See you Monday. Eh! You know. Then you write him back immediately after, Fuck you, Ted! Part two. Devil face. Devil face. Devil face. Devil face. Three more spaces, Come over. Cause you thought it was a text. Two more spaces. Oh, yeah, what I meant by whorey… still spelled houry, …is your wifes a slut. Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! Ja-ja-ja-ja-ja-ja-ja-ja-ja-ja! Its scary, you have to think about this stuff. I could Instagram my dick. Im not going to, I dont get it, okay? Im just saying you dont have the option of thinking before you do something. Theres nothing in Instagram that goes, Thats a dick. You know what I mean? I could do that, thats terrifying. That could happen. And I dont send dick pics, Ive had girls ask. Ive had guys who say its their closer. How? This is the worst part of a guy. Worst. Dicks look like unfinished aliens, theres nothing appealing. They look like they came out before arms and legs, you know what I mean? Like, if dicks could speak, with the little mouth, theyd be like… Sorry. I feel like some of you think I have a weird dick. Yeah, you just nodded yes. No, my dick is fine, okay? Hes a good man, hes a good guy. I know who I am. Okay? Im not gonna be, You want that big dick? I never do that. I would never be that guy. I know who I am. Like, if my dick was a teenager, youd trust him to take your daughter to prom. You understand what Im saying? Shut up. Heres what Im saying, if Im naked, a girls not gonna be like, Oh. But shes not gonna be like, Oh. Shell just be like, Oh. You know what I mean? Like, its not gonna come up the next day, you know? Unless, somebody brings it up, like, Hows the dick? Oh, yeah. No, its fine. You know? Thats whats gonna happen. Shut up. My point is I wish I grew up when rotary phones were the main communication. Nobody was drunk dialing on a rotary phone. You know how hard that wouldve been? I envy those guys back in the day. Just two drunk guys coming back, one dudes like, Im gonna call her. His buddy, Dont. Hes like, Im doing it, man. I love her, all right. Shut up! I dont care if shes married. She needs to know right now that I love her, okay? Im gonna fucking tell her right now! No, I dont give a shit if they had a kid, she needs to fucking know. Okay? She needs to know right now that… Shut up! She needs to know. Which one do I go up and then back around real quick? I cant see shit, cause you got the plastic on it. I cant see anything. Because youre poor, Jebediah. Get over here and help me. Why is your name Jebediah? Its 1968, you got a weird family. I bet your dads a fucking magician. Fucking magic. So, back to the party. Drunk, people trying to give me shit, my friends trying to give me shit. Heres the deal, you grow up a little bit, you get less embarrassed, notice that? Its nice. You get a little less embarrassed. The bubble expands and you get less embarrassed. Its not like high school. Isnt it interesting that high school was the most embarrassing time of your life, but it really was the easiest time of your life. It really was, you know. Like, everything was the end of the world in high school. Remember reading out loud? Why did we have to do that? Did anybody here actually learn how to read… from that cock-blocking experience that I had to go through? Anybody else have to stand? Did you have to stand? Yeah. Why? What is it, a play? What the fuck am I standing for? My teacher would skip turns. Did you ever think you were, like, fourth, so you memorize four ahead? Im not even listening to a reading now, because Im trying to memorize a chapter. Because in my mind, I think if I read well, Laurie will give me a hand-job. Thats where my fucking head is. And nobody in the history of school is ever given a hand-job for good reading, never. No girl in the cheerleading squad has been like, Whyd you fuck that guy? Hes really good at reading. That never happened. My teacher would just skip. Shed go, Lets have fun with it. Okay… Brent, can you please stand and stop shaking… and read the complicated book that you never read before, while you go through puberty and get hard for no reason? Remember that? Remember getting hard in high school? Thats a dick I wish I had. I know I talked about my dick a minute ago, but thats my adult dick. My high school dick knew what he was doing, he was a go-getter. I wish I knew how to use him in high school, he was like Rudy. You know what I mean? Like, he had… No, he was great. Like, We practiced for the prom! You know what I mean? Like, he was just so good. I dont know if you girls were aware of that. We would just get hard. I would just yawn at 8:00 a.m. and be hard as shit in math class. Did you ever try to take a math test hard and not look like a serial killer in your fucking life? I failed the math test. 51, I got a 51 on the test. Hard the entire test. Forty-five minutes, just painfully hard. I thought it was gonna come out and be like… Like, I thought that was gonna happen. Just rubbing up against the JNCO jeans I thought were in style. Ill never forget this test, Ill never forget it. Its the only test I remember. I was so hard and Id never study, I was an average student, I told you that. I didnt care. So, Im sitting there and Im like, Okay, here we go. All right, Im rock hard. Okay, here we go. Okay, here we go. Here we go, all right. Yeah, great test. Excited. So excited. Yeah, cant wait. Why the fuck is she always looking at me? Okay, here we go. All right, here we go. Still hard. Still rock hard, okay. You got this. You dont need to study. Youre a smart guy. Just get into it. Just have fun with it. Its math. Math… Okay. Common sense. Here we go, question one. Okay, The Pythagorean theorem is… Okay, question two, question two. Show work. Fuck you. I dont need to show work. Excited, yeah. Its great. What the fuck? Shes still looking at me. Okay, here we go. You know what, lets go to page two. You dont have to start on one. Why you wanna start on one? Youre gonna conform, dude? Go ahead. No, here we go. Page two, here we go. Page two. I dont know any of those shapes. Page three. This isnt NASA. Page four. Its just a blank page. This is just a blank, Show work on page. You want me to sketch math, goddammit? Excited. Yeah, just getting a… Goddamn, shes still looking at me. You fucking bitch. Here we go. You know what? Lets go back to page one, lets cheat. Wanna go to college, gotta cheat. Sometimes you gotta cheat to go to college. Here we go. Its okay. Still hard. Still hard. Rock hard. Its hurting even more. Here we go. Now shes not looking, were gonna look over here. Here we go. Is that a calculator? Do we need a fucking calculator for this test? Shit. Miss Fields? Yes, Brent. I dont have a calculator. Come to the front and get one. Um… You know what, Im in it. Im into the test. Is there any way you could bring it to me? Can I bring it to you? Do you think thats what life is, Brent, people bringing you things? What if I call your parents, educators like myself, and tell them that your son wants me to bring him things? This is why youre failing in class, this is why you may not graduate high school. This is why you and I are having a disconnect and we need to discuss this. Shut up, Miss Fields! We know you got divorced. Okay, I know for a fact, shes looking at me and I am still rock hard. You know what I thought about, though, to this day, was there another guy in that class who had an angle on me taking that test? Cause its one thing to, like, I knew what was going on, but if you didnt, that had to be the weirdest experience of your life. Just some other guy, across the way, All right, here we go. Carry the two and you gotta… Yo… Yo. Look at Brent right now. Im not gay, look down. Are you looking down? Is he hard right now? Dude, hes hard right now. He must love math. Dude, he doesnt even have a calculator over there, look at him. Heres why I hated reading out loud, though. You thought I lost it, but I didnt. Im coming back. Cause my voice would crack. Heres where that sucks, even if the class didnt catch it, if my friend Elliot was in that class, he called me out in front of everybody. Anybody had that friend, hes your best friend, but hes your worst friend? He never talked, but the second I was like In 1944… he was like… Oh! Ho-ho! Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! Brents a virgin! Yeah, he told me, he cried. He cried at my house, he told me. Remember that shit? Everybody, look how red hes getting. Look. Look. Miss Wagner, sit down. Hes my best friend. Im allowed to do this shit. Please, sit down. Sit the fuck down for two minutes, please. Look at you! Im gonna tell her. I dont give a shit. Yo, Laurie, guess what? Hes in love with you. I caught him jerking off to your yearbook photo at my house. He sleeps over all the time, cause his parents are poor and theyre gonna get a divorce. Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! Fuck you, Brent! You sleeping over this weekend? All right, Im gonna go. Im going to detention. Im going. I dont give a shit, it was worth it. Fuck this It was always worth it to get suspended to ruin my life. I never understood that shit. The hardest thing was to ask somebody out. That was the hardest thing to do in high school. That was the worst. Now I dont care, I get turned down every day. Every fucking day. Hey. No. Fine. Drink, back to me. I wish we had a bar in high school. Thatd be the best. Just go down to the fucking cafeteria, just a weird old guy, Whats wrong? I got turned down for prom. Ill get you fucked up, get you the Spanish… You know what I mean? Heres why it sucked. If you got turned down, like I said, my guy friends had no sympathy, but you girls would go and tell everybody right away. Cause you had to, its not your fault. You had to do it. You had empathy for the situation, where you had to tell everybody. And youd find anybody. Didnt even have to be a good friend, itd be the first person. Like, Oh, my God, get over here. Ugh! Why is it you? Sherry, come on. Ugh! You suck. Listen. You are so gross. Listen. Youre the worst. Look at you. Focus. Focus. Bitch. Bitch. Okay, are you looking? Are you there? Thank you. Okay. You wont believe who just asked me out. You know Brent Morin, the kid with the big head and the whatever body? Anyway. So, he walks up to me, sweating so much and he was covered in sweat, and he was holding his books tight like this. Im like, Did you just see a monster, what the fuck happened? Anyway, focus. So, he starts trying to make jokes and talking about a clown day, then he tried to do a cartwheel, fell on his back and knocked the wind out of himself. Fifteen minutes I was late for class. Then, out of nowhere he gets up and turns bright red, cant even make eye contact and he goes, Um, I was just wondering if you wanted to go to the movies with me on Saturday? I was like, No, I have a boyfriend. And he goes like, Me too. And he just walked away. Did you know he was gay? And I heard he cant read. You know, I talk shit about high school, but I loved high school. Like I said, the greatest luxury of my life was being an average student, loved it. I was a popular kid, I had a lot of friends, life was great. What I would do is I would luck into situations. Like, when I was 17 years old, I was dating this 22-year-old dancer. Not stripper, but probably. You dont ask a lot of questions at 17. But Ill never forget this, okay? Because what would happen is Id luck into something, but then I could ruin something. It was weird. Like, she said to me this, she goes, Um, listen, I want you to come over. I wanna cook you dinner and then maybe we could do some other stuff. So my heart is racing, my dick is tingling, Im a virgin at the time. Im thinking Im gonna lose my virginity to a woman at her place, cause I lived with my parents. So, I went home and I dressed up. Like, dressed up, like it was communion. I dont know what the fuck I was doing. Like, I was dressed up. My dad was like, Where are you going? I was like, The movies. He was like, A premiere? Where the fuck are you going? So I go to her house and heres the problem, at 17, I didnt know how to open up a sexual conversation. I didnt know. Did you just show up naked in an over-sized coat? You know, she opens the door and Im like, Hey, fucking dessert. You know? I didnt know. I didnt know how to open a sexual conversation. So, were sitting there, we have dinner, everythings going well, Im rock hard under the table, Rudys like, I wanna play! You know what I mean, like, its happening. But I dont know how to do it, so now shes in the kitchen, shes washing the dishes. About two and a half hours in, I start to panic. I realize, I gotta make a move, I gotta man up. I gotta be a man and let her know that Im here for sex, I wanna become a man tonight. This shit is happening tonight. Also, I have curfew in a half hour, so I had to make this shit happen. So, I go into the kitchen, I decide Im not gonna think before I speak, thats when I get in trouble. Im just gonna walk in and instinctually say something, which was a terrible fucking idea. So, I walk in, I turn the faucet off, I turn her my way and shes like, What? And I said something, to this day, I have zero idea what it means. I looked at her and I said, Hey, you know what I was… thinking? You and me, we should play house. Yeah, I have no fucking idea what that means, right? Then she looked at me and this is what she said, she goes, Sweetheart… you wouldnt even know what to do with me. Yeah, and I was like… I couldnt think of anything to say. I fucking panicked. Like, I felt like there was a construction site in my head with, like, a pissed off foreman. Like, We need words! He looks like an idiot out there! Somebody get some fucking words, please! Hurry! Were gonna blow this shit! Some guy comes in, like, Hey, Donnie, all we got is pictures of pandas down here. Little pandas… What? We got a weird head. Dont look at me, its not my fault. Hes a weird kid. So, I dont know why I did what I did next but I couldnt get anything out, so I just picked her up and I threw her on the kitchen counter. And she loved that. I didnt know shed like that. In fact, she liked it too much. Because she went from sexy to scaring the shit out of me very fucking quickly. She went from, Yeah, to, Yeah, you fucking want it? And I was like, Im not ready. You know what I mean, like, I immediately… Like, Rudy put his jersey down, I dont wanna play. And he just checked out, you know? This is something billionaires pay for, in their 50s. This is the only time that you get this kind of girl. She starts looking at me, Come on, you fucking pussy, you want me? Im like… Like, I… I had, like, reverse puberty. I was like, Oh, man Im six. You know? Like, I was not ready for this. So then she pulls me in, then she takes her claw, and I say claw cause it had to be a fucking claw. And she just put it into my back and I just saw the past. I saw me as a little Italian boy, like, Papa… You know, just fucking gone. So Im just gone, right? And then she rips my tie off. Yeah, I was wearing a tie. She rips it off. And then she kicks me against her table. Right? So, now Im against the table and she jumps on me and… rips my shirt open. Which is hot, right? Well, apparently, I didnt think so, because the only words that came out of my mouth were, My buttons! Like, my heart was sweating. It was like Mom all over again. You ever just say… I dont know where it came from. I felt like… The same voice and same hand, by the way, just, My buttons! Like, I was on a Broadway play and that was my only line, just, My buttons! Honestly, I could picture the construction site. The foreman would be like, Who the fuck put that out there? Tommy, was that you? Yeah, you know me, I like trouble. Lets get outta here, he aint getting laid. Hes gonna be a comedian. Now, heres why I tell you that. This is why I tell you this. Heres why. Because I think its good to have embarrassing moments in your life. I think having embarrassing moments growing up helps build character. I think it helps build a person. I feel like kids today are growing up so fast, theyre skipping that shit. They are. Everything I read about them, theres no innocence. Like kids are getting blowjobs in the bus now. What? What magic school bus Ms. Frizzle shit? Seriously, what beautiful trip to school did I miss? How does any boy miss the bus? Even if youre not the kid who gets the blowjob in the morning, you still have to wake up and be like, Maybe, today. You have to. You know who I feel bad for, though? I feel bad for the mom, the stay-at-home mom who has to deal with the kid who does get the blowjob in the morning, and that kid misses the bus. Because that has to be the biggest temper tantrum of all time. Theres no way where shes like, Honey, youre gonna be late… For school! I know, you didnt fucking wake me up. Shit! Kyle! Hold that bus, dont be shitty! Mom, the French toast sticks, lets go, come on, were late. Theyre not ready. What the fuck is going on with you, Mom? Go, get the goddamn sticks! Goddamn it, Kyle! Fuck! The bus left. Are you fucking happy? Shit! We got nine iPads in the house, you cant set one fucking alarm? I have an A average, Mom. I have a test, I need to clear my fucking head! Youre such a bitch. Youre a straight bitch, Dads right. Why are you mad? You wanna know why Im mad? You really wanna fucking know? Okay, fine, cats out of the bag. Heres the deal, you got one job, all right? Wake me up, French toast sticks, get my dick sucked, go to class! Now you gotta drive me to school. Im jerking off in the car. No, youre not. Yes, I am. This is boring, my friends arent here. The French toast sticks, Mom. Im not getting in there. Then wait in the house and leave the heat on, its freezing. You know what I like to picture? I like to picture, like, a really content neighbor next door, who, like, loves his life, been married for 40 years, just coming out in, like, a bathrobe, just being like… What a beautiful morning, huh? This is great. Hey, Debbie, get down here. You gotta see this, its a good day. Im getting ready. All right… Love life. Hell, yeah. Whats going on over there? That the Anderson kid? Whats he doing in that car? Windows are fogging up pretty good. And he looks pissed. What, is he jerking off? You cant jerk off pissed, youll rip your dick off. Hey! Hey! Hey, Debbie, get down here. The Anderson kid is gonna rip his dick off. Hey! Hey, youre gonna rip your dick off. Yeah. Yeah, youre gonna rip your dick off! Dont be angry. Oh, he flipped me off. Debbie! Its the most ridiculous shit. You know what even is more baffling now, is how kids are sleeping with their teachers. We could have done that? Who discovered that? What Christopher Columbus pioneer kid… Seriously, especially, at 13. Thirteen years old, as a guy, is the most insecure time in your life. What cocky, arrogant, 13-year-old kid would sit in the back of Spanish class with his friends, looking at the teacher, like, Dibs. Like, even if you wanted her and thought she wanted you, like, how do you open up flirting, for real? Its hard enough to hit on a girl in a grocery store. How, as a 13-year-old, do you think shes interested? Whats your sign? What, do you get, like, a See me on your test, and took it a different way? Shes like, Okay, Billy, I needed to talk to you about your test. Why dont we put that away, heres whats gonna happen. Have you been playing games with me, Miss Hagadorn? Billy, what are you doing? Billy, what are you doing? Shut up, you bitch. Now, heres the deal. You got a weird face, youre not attractive, youve aged, you cry, have these fucking bags, youre a mess, but I need you. Billy, your dick is out. I like the air. Now… Heres whats gonna happen. Were gonna go to dinner, Macaroni Grill. Youre buying. You can get whatever you like. Im gonna color. They got good crayons there, you know? They got magenta, I love magenta! Lower your voice. Fuck you. Im an artist. You dont know that about me, you dont know a lot of things about me. I also play baseball, Little League, All-Star team, switch-hitter. My dads the coach. Hes… Hes a grumpy man, business isnt well… Plumbing is not too good. Anyway, I went in, he was watching the game yesterday. I said, Dad, I gotta talk to you. He says, Not now. I said, Dad, I gotta talk to you. He said, What do you need? I said, I think I wanna fuck Miss Hagadorn. He says, Why? Shes weird. I said, I know, but I need her. Anyway, he gave me this permission slip that says I get to fuck you, so… Heres what Im thinking. After dinner, we go back to your house, I build a fort in your house. Its gonna be about ten rooms, two stories, youre not gonna know how I did it. Then Im gonna get naked, Im gonna run around in there and Im gonna hide and youre gonna try and find me. Youre not gonna find me. Then, once I decide Im ready, Im gonna crawl up that duck-dress you wear everyday and youre gonna make a man out of me. Now, its not gonna be good… …but after that, I gotta leave. I got homework, thats your fault. So, what do you say, Miss Hagadorn? You wanna make a man out of me? Billy… The whole class is still here. Oh, my God. So, back to the party with the magician. So, now Im drunk, hes doing tricks, he looks great. Im sad. I decide, Im getting out, Im leaving. I dont say bye anymore. Im done with byes. I Irish exit. If you dont know what that is basically- Yes, everybody knows what it is, so I dont have to explain. Just get the fuck out. Who cares? But I added something to it that you guys can use. Heres what you do, you say one thing you really wanna do and then leave. You go, Man, Id love a bath. Then leave and your friends will be like, Where the fuck are you? Im in a bath. You were serious? Yes, I said I wanted a bath. Then youre good, okay? I go home, Im depressed now, Im sad. I go to my room. Im drunk, I decide Im gonna YouTube some sad shit. Not like, Hey, Im gonna kill myself. Just like, Let me get a good cry in, before bed. Like, youve never done that? Youve never done that shit on YouTube? So, I start searching and I stumbled across the British X Factor. You ever seen that in your life? Not the American one. These kids have it too good. You have to do the British one, with the little orphan kids cause that hits the heart right away. That will get you immediately. Where the host is like, Whats your name? Kids like, I dont have a name. Like, Im just drunk and naked in my room, I have to pause it, like, Give me a minute. Why doesnt he have a name? You could have a name. Name yourself. You can name yourself Steel and have fun with it. I turned it back on, it was even worse. The host is like, Where are your shoes? Kids like, Ive never owned shoes before. Im like, Pause! I mean, give him shoes! The show can give him shoes! Youre gonna let him walk around England with no shoes? Its all stone roads, I think. I turned it back on, it was even worse. The host is like, Have you ever sang before? Kids like, Um… Actually, Ive never sang, but… I figured, if I sing from my heart… then maybe my parents can hear me and have, like, a family again. Thats it, pause. I dont need to hear you sing. Youll be my son. Ill find you. Im gonna find you. I know, Im drunk and naked, and Im talking to a computer right now, but Im gonna find you. I dont know how, cause you dont have a fucking name. But Ill find you and Ill get you any shoe you want. All right? And Ill name you. You could be Brent. Well both be Brent. Thats a good name. And Ill get you little suits. Ill get you the little suits. So, wed go to lunch, I will hold your hand and Ill make you go to the host, youll be like, Table for two. Theyll be like, Is that his son, or a little business partner? Theyre not gonna know. Ill find you right now. Google, little orphan boys with no names from England. Fuck! Theyre like, Boss, hes getting weirder! Side note, the only thing worse than getting caught jerking off by your roommate, is getting caught crying naked, while watching orphans sing on The X Factor. Ive never seen a more confusing entrance in my entire life. My roommate, who is my cousin, that I have to see at every family function, just walked in and had, like, six emotions in seven seconds. Ive never seen anything like it. He goes, Hey, you wanna eat? Holy Shit! Ha-ha-ha-ha! What are you doing? Ha! I gotta move! So, I woke up the next day, and I started laughing, immediately. No, I did. Heres why. Because I realized it was ego. It was just ego. I did shit with the ego and it fucked me up. Because here is me, okay, in life. Biggest romantic youve ever known. Growing up, loved love, thats all I cared about. I was a six-year-old kid who would look out his bedroom window, see Laurie ride her bicycle by and be like, One day, shell be mine. I was. Then my little brother, whos gay, would come out and be like, Youre being a faggot. You know what I mean, like… Thats how bad I am. Thats all I thought about. Like I said, I was an average student, so I used to skip school and see every romantic comedy, every romance movie. And there was a magic to it, cause I used to think thats all that matters. Somebody is gonna walk in, times gonna stop and thats it. Thats why Im here, thats it. I used to think like that. And now, as an adult, its different. Im not saying I dont believe in love, but its changed. Ill see those movies, but I dont believe in that magic anymore. Cause its the same thing, my mind has shifted. Because its always the same movie. Some free spirit girl at the coffee shop, she brings her own wine from home, right? She has a book on travel, cause shes gonna go to Europe, eventually. She has, like, a baby panda tied to her chair that nobody questions. Then theres a conservative businessman who only cares about the promotion and he walks in and trips over the panda and falls into her and shes like, What the hell? And hes like, Im sorry. And then they, like, lock eyes and have this connection. So they go on this free spirit adventure through San Francisco. And shes saying shit to him, You need to find your inner animal. You need to, like, roar… Or some shit. So, later, they get in a fight and instead of doing a good job in the one meeting that hes been training for his entire life, he decides that he is gonna fuck it up. And he loosens his tie and he goes, Ladies and gentlemen, I am a lion. And theyre like, Youre fired cause you had a mental breakdown. Right? Then he gets fired and he has to run to the train station to find her, cause shes so distraught, shes going to Europe now, even though trains dont go to fucking Europe. And he has to stop her and he has to give that big speech in every movie. Listen to me. You were right, okay? Nothing else matters. And youre right I needed to find my inner animal. I needed to roar and I did, cause Im a lion, but you… you are my kingdom. Or some shit like that. And I used to love that. I used to be the guy who used to see that and go, I want that. But now, all I think about is a year later. Where theyre sharing a studio apartment, because he cant get a job in the corporate world anymore. Because hes known as the fucking lion guy. Then you find out that her free spirit and wine she brings from home, shes just really a bipolar alcoholic, who hasnt had a job in nine years. Then one day, hes just so depressed, cause hes putting a vest on. Anytime you have to put a vest on for work, youre not happy, you know, unless youre a fucking magician! Anyway, point is, hes putting a vest on and he trips over one of the many sandals she hasnt finished making for kids in Africa and he just snaps, like, Goddammit, Destiny! Can you pick your fucking sandals up? Shes like, Why dont you yell a little louder? Maybe, if we had a bigger place… Maybe, if I hadnt roared in the fucking meeting, we would have a bigger goddamn place. Really? Blame me, keep blaming me, cause you couldnt be professional. Are you fucking drunk right now? Be honest! Of course, I am, cause Im like a spiritual… Shut the fuck up! No more spiritual shit! And whats your real name? Cause I know its not Destiny, I wanna know your real fucking name. And this pandas huge now, by the way. It doesnt fit, Destiny. Its terrifying to walk. You wouldnt know that cause you have to have your cry nap at 3:00 p.m. every fucking day. And I know you took it from the San Diego Zoo, I know for a fact you fucking did it. You cant own a panda in San Francisco. And I looked it up. Frizzy haired hippie steals panda, stabs trainer. So, heres the new game were gonna play, Destiny. Youre gonna tell me your real fucking name, or I turn you into federal prison for the panda. And shes like, Okay, well, how about this? Panda, get him. Then the panda eats him and shes back at the coffee shop. Thats kinda where I am with love. I lied to you. I actually did care about that girl with the magician. I did. Let me explain, okay? Its not my fault, all right? Thats where Ill leave it. I said it before, I do wanna be in love. Im not ready for a relationship. And this is how I learned. I was with this girl. Now this girl, beautiful, smart, sexy, everything youd want, wildly out of my league. Which is what you want, as a man. As a man, I think you find somebody out of your league and then you trick her. And you pray she doesnt catch on, thats the goal. You pray she doesnt come down like, I was just thinking about us. No, no, no, no, no… Hey, hey, Im funny, hey. You know? So its about two months in, Im starting to think maybe I can date this girl, okay? But I dont think you should force it. I think you have to find it and at the moment, Im thinking I can do it. So, were out to dinner and she says to me, rightfully so, she goes, So, what do you think about a relationship? And I wanted to respond, but up here, I just snapped. And I started picturing us together. Like, comfortably together. Like, in on a Saturday night, watching some Reese Witherspoon movie that she picked, that I didnt wanna watch. Then shes gonna pause it for 45 minutes to talk to her aunt about her Xanax problem. Then before we can argue, she snaps a photo of me and puts it on Instagram. Like, hashtag date night, hashtag jealous, like, no. Nobodys jealous and Im skinny fat now, which I didnt know was a fucking thing. Then I started thinking, if were comfortably together, were gonna get married. I started thinking if we get married, were gonna have kids. And about the kinda kids I dont want. I dont want a creepy daughter. I dont need that in my life. I dont need some little girl, pale all year, with bangs. Every time I open the front door, shes just standing there, like, Hello, Father. She dresses like a pilgrim, I dont know where she got the clothes. Im like, Honey, where are you getting the materials to make these? She gave em to me. Who? ? La-la-la-la-la ? Dont hum and walk away, honey! I cant even go to the bathroom at night, she scares the shit out of me in hallways. Just, Father. Jesus! Fuck! Christ. Mary Sue, could you go to bed, please, Mary Sue? I didnt even name her Mary Sue, the house did. Three in the morning, shes fully dressed, Im like, Honey, why are you up right now? Were playing. Who? Me and her. Dont point that high! Every weekend, Im trying to watch a game, shes just up in her room, humming a song that Ive never heard and painting, just, ? La-la-la-la-la ? ? La-la-la-la-la ? ? La-la-la-la-la ? ? La-la-la-la-la ? ? La-la-la-la-la ? ? La-la-la-la-la ? ? La-la-la-la-la ? ? La-la-la-la-la ? Father. I run up to her room, and Im like, Honey, youre scaring the shit out of me. How did you do that? I see what shes painting. Just paintings of my face, really well done, like this. Then I thought about this, I dont want a hot son, either. I dont want that in my life. I dont need the Brad Pitt kid, I dont want him. I dont want 63", tan all year, even though we live in Connecticut. Hes got an eight-pack, but only eats his Doritos and cookies, which really pisses me off. He has that long hair, when he makes cumming noises, every time he moves it, just… Could you knock that off, Brock? I didnt even name him Brock, the town did, they sent me a letter. Hes always getting up for school at 11:00 a.m., even though schools at 7:00 a.m. But he gets straight As, but he spells the with a b. Im like, Are you sleeping with your teachers? Hes like, Relax, Puffy Pops. He calls me Puffy Pops. So, Im way past skinny fat, Im just fat as shit now. Hes on the basketball team, but hes not even good. Hes on it cause hes cool. After the game, I gotta hold all his shit. But hes at mid-court, fingering the head cheerleader on an adrenaline kick. Give me a minute, Puffy Pops. Im like, Jesus Christ, Brock. The whole school is still here. Its all right, I know her body. You dont know bodies, Brock. You shouldnt know bodies. Denise, I apologize about your daughter. I dont mind. Thats fucking weird, Denise. Brock, hurry up, please, come on! Its all right, Puffy Pops. I know her body. Shut the fuck up! Stop calling me Puffy Pops, all right? Im doing P90X to get back to skinny fat, you wanna fucking talk to me… You call me Dad, all right? Father. Jesus! Fuck! Mary Sue, how did you get here? I walked. Thats 11 miles. Brock, hurry up! Please, shes warm and it was snowing out. Honey, move your arms when you walk. Move your arms when you walk, please. Show Daddy your feet, you made your dress too long, it looks like youre floating. Can you show Daddy your feet, please, and move your arms? Youre scaring parents. Smile! For once in our familys life, can you do that, please? Youre scaring everybody. Shes coming. What the fuck does that mean? Brock, hurry up! Shes being weird. Is that a painting, Mary Sue? I dont want the fucking painting. Im done with your paintings, okay? She sets her school on fire, her smile… Holy shit. Brock! Hurry up! Shes coming! Hes like, I know, Puffy Pops. I did it. Im the best. Im the greatest. Then, Miss Hagadorn runs in like, How could you do this to us? Im like, I knew you were fucking your teachers. Then I snapped out of it and I was still at dinner with that girl and shes like, Hello? So? What do you think about a relationship? My point is… Im single. Thank you, ladies and gentlemen. Dude, stoked. Shes gonna love that, dude. Oh, my God. She say anything yet? Whatd she say? Yeah. Cant make it. LOL. Well, now Im fucking soaking wet. Slap. Getting ready to get up outta here, dog. So… If you wanna go ahead and start… Hey… You know whats funny about love? – No. – Sometimes, it doesnt go both ways. Youre right. Sometimes, nothing goes your way, like, you wont go that way towards the exit. I dont understand why you wont leave. Shows over. ? She had sandy brown hair ? ? And a funny smile… ? Cause some of her teeth were missing. ? …And she was my angel ? She couldve been the one, you know. I save her a seat then she doesnt come and its like… You saved her a few seats, cause there was a couple of em empty. – There was a bunch of just wind… – Dont. I know. – The fan base is… – Just a whole bunch of air. I get it. I got it, all right? Its just like… They couldve Grouponed your tickets. They did. They did? I shouldnt have said that. You ever hear of a filter? You need a filter. Like… Were friends. Were not friends, we just met today. Adam, help me with the chorus. ? Love ? ? Love, love, love, love ? ? Feelin it ? ? Im feelin it ? – ? Im feelin it ? – ? Im feelin it ? ? Im feelin it ? – ? Oh, love – ? Feelin love ? ? Love, love Im feelin it ? ? Love, love… ? Yeah, come on. ? …Im feelin it ? ? Love, love, love ? Hes pretty good. Oh, my God. – Damn! – So, Im kinda helping, though, right? – No. – No. Jareds way better. I would prefer just to hear him. If… Okay. Uh-huh. – Dude, thats the song. – Stop looking at me, dude. – Thats the song. – That was the highlight of the night. – Whatever, dude. – Hey, man, you know what? You pretty good, Bread Morans brother. Did you just call me bread? – Thats your name. – Brent Morin. Bre… What? Brent Morin. You just called me Bread Moran. I thought it was Bread Mo… – Look, thats what… – Nobodys named bread. Well, somebody had to be named Bread. – I mean, cause its a name. – When? When they named bread. Its like, before bread was made, somebody had to be named Bread, so they would know the name bread. – Thats not a good story. – All right. Lets do it. ? Fee… ? I gotta throw up. – Brent? – I gotta throw up. No, you gotta throw up outside. Outside!

BRIDGET EVERETT@GYNECOLOGICAL WONDER@2015@Recorded at Joes Pub at the Public Theater ( SOFT MUSIC PLAYING ) I keep a picture of Bridget on my nightstand… because even though Ive been in over 175 movies… I look at that picture and know that I can do better. I can be better. I can be… Bridget. Every night, when I tuck my little girls in… I tell them, If you work really hard, and you dream really, really big… and you stick with it, one day when youre big, big girls… if youre really lucky… you just might be the next Bridget Everett. Do you know how much Id like to suckle on Bridgets titties? So much. I am vegan, and I would like to suckle on Bridgets tits. I want to suckle those titties. You ever seen a raccoon in a garbage? Thats me… with Bridgets pussy. Im gonna suckle that titty Chardonnay. Fucking drink it all up. The garbage is Bridgets pussy and Im the raccoon. I dont care that Im lactose intolerant and I dont care who knows. I want those titties. I just love cabaret. If Jesus Christ were alive today, hed have great tits… hed be singing cabaret and his name would be Bridget fucking Everett. Bridget. Bridget. Bridget. ( PHONE VIBRATES ) Oh, shit! ( ROCK MUSIC PLAYING ) My baby! Boy, it really is windy out here… but it is expected to get increasingly windy as the night goes by. That concludes part seven of our– Excuse me, my water just broke, you filthy, fucking cunt! ( CROWD CHEERING ) ANNOUNCER (V.O.) Ladies and gentlemen, Bridget Everett! ? Everybody better freak the fuck out ? ? The Bridge is coming down Shes turning it out ? ? No one can tell where that womans been ? ? But shes smiling in the night Her mouth filled with sin ? ? So get ready and hold your man tight ? ? Because a bitch is fucking hungry shes ready to bite ? ? Her legs are burning The lion will scream ? ? Little boys everywhere living the dream ? ? Were gonna fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck some shit up ? ? Were gonna fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck some shit up ? ? Were gonna fuck yeah Were gonna fuck yeah ? ? Were gonna fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck it up ? Good evening, ladies and gentlemen! Welcome to Joes Pub! My name is Bridget Everett. Some of you may not know me, but you will not fucking forget me! Im coming here tonight to get drunk and talk about love… whatever the fuck that is! I hope youre ready, honey! Because shit is about to get ridiculous! Thats right, honey, Id fuck anything… even you. Ladies and gentlemen, my mother couldnt be here tonight. But if she was here, she would tell you that there are three things in life that matter. Living large, loving large and Barry fucking Manilow! Yeah! ? Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck some shit up ? ? Were gonna fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck some shit up ? ? Were gonna fuck yeah Were gonna fuck yeah ? ? Were gonna fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck ? ? Were gonna fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck some shit up ? ? Were gonna fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck some shit up ? ? Were gonna fuck yeah Were gonna fuck yeah ? ? Were gonna yeah yeah yeah yeah fuck some shit up ? Whats up, everybody? Anybody freaking out right now? Yeah, you should be! Oh, shit. Let me just clear up a couple quick things. Bridget, you wearing a bra? Nope, dont need one! Next question. What the fuck? What the fuck is about to happen? You dont know and neither do I! Hey, honey, hi. You guys been to the show before? And youre sitting in the front row? You sick bitch. All right, let me just sit down for a second. I was just recently diagnosed with shortness of breath. You ever seen a pussy before? Oh, shit! You like feet? Yeah? Thats cute. I got two. All right, ladies and gentlemen. I know a lot of you, you look up here… and all you see is a classic, all-American beauty Bridget Everett. But I gotta tell you, it wasnt always like this. When I was a little girl, I was real fucked up looking. Like for a while, I had just one front tooth… and my brothers back in Bryant called me Fang, right? So I joined the swim team to get some dignity and some self-respect. And I was good, and the better I got, the broader my shoulders got… and then they started calling me Lurch, that guy from the Addams Family. You call me that in the street, Im gonna cut your dick off, okay? Thank you so much. And then, my nipples came in. Like not my tits, just my nipples. And they got everybody at school calling me Little Nippy Titty. So, I ran home, it was a Friday night. I remember, because I was watching Dallas and the Dukes of Hazzard, right? And Im sitting on the couch, and Im crying. And my mom, she looks at me, she says, Bridget, whats wrong? I said, Nothing. She said, Bridget, whats wrong? I said, Nothing. And then she slid her hand down the back of my pants. Like not in a fucked up way, but because I got real soft skin, youll see. Then she said, Bridget, whats wrong? I said, Well, Brock and Brian got everybody at school calling me Little Nippy Titty. Do you know what she said to me? Do you know what she said to me? She said… ? Ooh dont you cry ? Then she said, Come with me, lets have a drink. She said, Bridget, youre a woman now. You gotta stand tall and be proud of what your momma gave you, do you hear me? ? You got the little nippy titties put em in the air ? ? She got the tube sock titties she put em in the air ? ? I got these beaver tail titties I put em in the air ? ? Put em up put em up put em up ? ? You got them low-ridin titties put em in the air ? ? You got the Tic Tac titties put em in the air ? ? You got them ding dong titties put em in the air ? ? Put em up put em up put em up ? ? You got them baby soft titties put em in the air ? ? You got the mouse trap titties put em in the air ? ? You got the health insurance titties put em in the air ? ? Put em up put em up put em up ? ? And then we bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce ? ? Bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce ? ? You got the rubber ducky titties put em in the air ? ? You got the ding dong titties put em in the air ? ? You got the hammerhead titties put em in the air ? ? Put em up put em up put em up ? ? You got the its your good night titties ? ? Put em in the air ? ? You got the nah nah nah put em in the air ? ? You got the flapjack titties put em in the air ? ? Put em up put em up put em up ? ? And then we bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce bounce ? ? And we bounce bounce bounce we bounce bounce bounce ? ? You got the Wu-Tang River sing peach pit titties ? ? Tic Tac Crackerjack Champagne jamming titties ? ? Ding dong New York City Just want titties ? ? Put em up put em up put em up ? ? We put em up ? ? Put em up put em up put em up ? ? We put em up ? ? Put em up put em up put em up ? ? And then we bounce ? Im just gonna do a quick costume change. Now, a lot of people come to this show… and they worry about the Tender Moments, my band… because they dont get to see much, you know? But this part… is for them. Is there anybody here tonight thats in love? How about you two with the matching sweaters from the Upper East Side? Are you guys in love? See, the way I always thought it would be was like… every morning you wake up, right? And she gives you a little kiss and your heart purrs like a little kitten, is that right? Every morning. And then like, if you wake up feeling all fat and shit… he says, Dont worry about it, baby. You still got great tits. Is that right? And when you make love, he knows not– not just when, but how hard to choke you, am I right? Me? Yeah, Ive been in love, too, thank you for asking. The year was 1982, shes a very pretty girl. She was, um, a little Downs-ey, but I like that shit, you know. Her name was Jeanine… Jeanine the Machine and– Nobody would talk to her, you know, so I sat with her at the lunch table… and played Two Square with her and tetherball and all that bullshit, you know. And my friends Stephanie and Ilana, they were pissed. So I thought, you know what? I want to have a sleepover, a little slumber party, old school. Its 1982, thats the kind of shit people used to do back then… when they fucking cared about people. So I have everybody over there, were in my basement. And the mood was, um, Im just gonna say, you know, RFC… real fucking chilly. Nobody was looking at anybody, nobody was talking or anything. I thought, You know, lets play a little game of ping pong. Who doesnt like ping pong? Everybody likes ping pong. You guys like ping pong? Everybody likes ping pong? So there we were. It was Stephanie and Ilana versus Bridget and Jeanine. Stephanie slammed a ball right into my little pooter right here… but I caught that motherfucker. Just– Thats when this thing still had a little spring left in it. She sits down her paddle. I dropped the ball. She says, Hey, Bridget, how about a game of truth or dare? I said, Im about it. So I sit everybody down. I freshen everybodys drinks. Stephanie looks at me, she says, All right, Bridget, truth or dare? I said, Dare, bitch. she said, I dare you to take Jeanine into the closet and French kiss her for 45 seconds. I said, No problem. So I take Jeanine by the hand, I walk her into the closet. And I do what I do. And I gotta tell you, her tongue was so sweet… it tasted just like a green apple Jolly Rancher. And up until that point, Id never made love to anybody… other than my brother, but this shit felt nice, you know? So were laying there in the closet, you know? And I can feel that little fucking Jolly Rancher on my tongue. Im holding her little TST… her little tube sock titty. I lift up my dress and I say, Hey, I wore these for you. You want to touch it? She said no. Hit the track. Are you sure? ? Say what you want babe when you look at me ? ? Say what you need baby Im on my knees ? ? Say what you want baby when you look at me ? ? Ill give you everything youre gonna need ? ? I cant read your mind no girl I aint got no crystal ball ? ? But if you get on your knees and you sing out to the little woman ? ? Im gonna give you what you need ? ? Wont you come and wont you come to me ? ? Wont you come and come and get it from me ? ? I said come and get it come and get it ? ? Come come come to me yeah ? ? Come and get it come and get it come come come to me ? ? Come on ? ? Ive been watching you baby every single day ? ? Ill keep watching you baby Dont you walk away ? ? Aint no question baby Where you gotta be ? ? Ill take you every place You need to be ? ? You got all the ladies standing in line ? ? Trying to kiss the ring ? ? But you got a woman here who knows what you need ? ? Welcome to the land of the free ? ? Wont you come and wont you come to me ? ? Wont you come and come and get it from me ? ? I said come and get it come and get it ? ? Come come come to me Yeah ? ? Come and get it come and get it come come come to me ? ? Come on ? Open wide. You remember me? You want to go for a ride? Come here. Hop on. Hop on. Hop on. Ladies and gentlemen… you know what they say? They say memories, you never know when youre gonna make one. Jeanine, are you ready to dance for me? Are you ready to dance for me? Sure. You ready? You ready? Help her out! Here we go! ? Come and get it come and get it come come comes to me ssh ? ? Come and get it come and get it come come comes to me ssh ? ? Come and get it come and get it come come comes to me ssh ? Give it up for Jeanine! Ive been pregnant many times. And even though I never carried one of those babies to term… I still consider myself a wonderful mother. Hold on, I have a surprise for you. Uncle Adam? Thank you so much. My friend Amber came over to my house one time. She said, Bridget, whats with all the dolls? I said, Those arent dolls, those are my babies. Thank you, Adam. This is Olivia. Here, hold my baby. Well, a few weeks ago, it was my birthday, right? You know, it was a big one. And, um, Mommy was getting a little cranky around the house. So my kids, they said, Mommy, you gotta get out of the house. I said, Okay. So, I left Saturday morning, and I got home sometime Monday night. I cant tell you what I did, but I know I had a real nice time. Anyway, Tuesday morning I wake up, right? And I can smell smoke. Are there any mothers in the house? Okay, good. Whats the first thing you think of when you smell smoke? Ill tell you. Where are my babies at? So I look to the left, right? I look to the left, and theres Precious in her jar. And then– The twins were over there, the red-headed twins were over there behind the couch… but I didnt see Olivia. And then I remembered that Mommy came in a little hot Monday night, you know. I dont know what Olivia said, she might not have said anything… but I put her in time-out, you know? And shes such a good, little girl, that she stayed there all night long. But Mommy never came and got her, because Mommy was drunk. And by the time I found her– This is a cautionary tale, youre very pregnant. By the time I found her, her little legs had buckled… and her face had melted to the radiator. And she looked at me and she said, Mommy, is it bad? Ssh. She said, Mommy, is it bad? ? Whos got the sweetest eyes ? ? You do ? ? Whos got the brightest smile You do ? ? Every day is Sunday when Im spending it with you ? ? Doesnt matter where we are I need you ? ? Darling you make the stars shine brighter ? ? You make the birds fly higher ? ? You give the sun its fire Who you do ? ? Darling you make the angels sing and you are my everything ? ? You make the choir swing Oh you do ? Oh, ladies and gentlemen, Olivia always had the sweetest, little singing voice. I mean, its not the same now that shes got this little shit stain on her face. Its like when your cousin did all that cocaine for all those years… and his nose slid off his face. Now when he talks– Shes a very brave, little girl, ladies and gentlemen. She never likes to miss a show. Here, hold my baby. This ones for my little girls. Get em up on their feet and take them around the room. Put her hands up. Put her hands up. Fellas, are you ready? Well do that tight little chorus. ? You make the stars shine brighter ? ? You make the birds fly higher ? Get off your feet and walk my fucking baby around the room, motherfucker! Just because you dumped your load all over town… and dont take responsibility for a womans baby… doesnt mean you cant take responsibility for my baby tonight! ? Darling, you– Put your hands up, everybody. ? Darling you ? ? Baby ? I know a lot of you look up here… youre like, Man, theres a woman thats really got her shit together. And youre right. I got great tits. I got the voice of an angel. And I got a pussy. I got a pussy. I got a pussy thats– thats so soft… that when youre inside it… It feels like youre sliding up and down a stick of butter. Do you like butter? Everybody likes butter, right? Everythings better with butter. Its like youre always at the movies. Thats right. Duh-duh… Some people are like, you know, Bridget, you drink too much. But I dont drink cause I have a problem. I drink because its fucking delicious. And I know that some of you got problems. I mean, I look around the room and I see some really fucked-up looking people here tonight. Jeanine, if you werent before, you are now. Do– do you have a family? Do you spend the holidays and shit with them? You know you dont have to, right? Just kidding. No, I love my mother. Im a mommas girl. And a lot of what she told me… brought me here to this stage tonight. Right? She said, Bridget, always eat before you go out to dinner… so you dont embarrass yourself. Check, done. Number two, your fathers a prick. Check, done. And number three– now go home and tell your baby this tonight. She said, Bridget, a woman isnt really a woman until she tries anal. Hit the track! This song goes out to anybody with a pussy! And Im not talking about a vagina! Im talking about a pussy! ? There he was just a standing on the street ? ? With them lazy blue eyes was he lookin back at me ? ? I said boy where you goin Dont care where youve been ? ? You want to drink fucking love Its a win win win ? ? I can tell by the way you walk what youre gonna do to me ? ? I can tell by the way you talk Youre gonna give it to me ? ? So please take my number Ill tell you where I live ? ? Gonna leave the light on Give give give ? ? What I what I What I gotta do ? ? What I gotta do to get that dick in my mouth ? ? What I what I What I gotta do ? ? What I gotta do to get that dick in my mouth ? ? Hot sweet and sticky like Mrs. Butters worth ? ? Lick your fingers stick it in and get your moneys worth ? ? Youre a big, tough daddy with a loaded gun ? ? Whip it out slap it down and let your motor run ? ? Im gonna let it let it rip to the tippy tippy top ? ? Shit starts poppin there aint no way to make it stop ? ? Oh what I what I What I gotta do ? ? What I gotta do to get that dick in my mouth ? ? What I what I What I gotta do ? ? What I gotta do to get that dick in my mouth ? Dance break! ? This kitty is hungry give her her bowl ? ? Pop into the center of this Tootsie Roll ? ? Ill say one more thing and then Ill be done ? ? Put your– ? In my hot brown bun ? Everybody! ? What I What I What I gotta do ? ? What I gotta do to get that dick in my mouth ? Let me hear you! ? What I what I What I gotta do ? ? What I gotta do to get that dick in my mouth ? Just the ladies! ? What I what I What I gotta do ? ? What I gotta do to get that dick in my mouth ? Your turn, fellas! ? What I what I What I gotta do ? ? What I gotta do to get that dick in my mouth ? Ladies, show these motherfuckers how its done! ? What I what I What I gotta do ? ? What I gotta do to get that dick in my mouth ? Everybody! ? What I what I What I gotta do ? ? What I gotta do to get that dick in my mouth ? I cant hear you! ? What I what I What I gotta do ? ? What I gotta do to get that dick in my mouth ? Last time! Cut the track! ? What I what I What I gotta do ? ? What I gotta do to get that dick in my mouth ? Your mothers love you, New York City! Did you get any good shots with your camera over there? Okay. I want you to have a Christmas card. Okay. Anyway, I just want you to take a look around the room, okay? Look to your left and look to your right. and know that Im about to give somebody the cunning gift… that youre never gonna forget. Ladies and gentlemen, you can call it making love. You can call it having sex. But somebodys getting fucked tonight. Hit the track. Dr. Jason. ? Im coming like a cheetah when she sees her prey ? Cause its hunting season every single day ? ? Oh youre smooth like butter and Im fucking like a kitty ? ? You got me wet like the rain ? ? Pouring on the streets of the city ? ? My name is Bridget and Im here to say Im gonna make you my baby in every way ? ? Take baby home and put you to bed ? ? Pull down them pants and give you head ? ? Slap you in the face and get on top ? ? Ride that thing til the wheels come off ? ? Pound that thing and spit on you too ? ? Thats just what a lady do ? ? Can you hear me coming ? ? Can you hear me coming Can you hear me coming ? ? Im coming for you Im coming for you Im coming for you ? ? Im coming for you Im coming for you ? Cut the track! Cut the track! Cut the track! Cut the track… cut the track. Cut the track… cut the track. Whats up, Mr. Giggles? I was wondering if it would be okay if I sang you a song. Would that be okay? Okay. Would you go sit on the stool in the middle of the stage? You know why I like you? You know why I like you? You know why I like you? You remind me of Jeanine, you remember Jeanine? Youre like a little Downs-ey, a little. Let me ask you a quick question. Let me ask you a quick question. What kind of dick you got? Let me guess. Let me guess. Let me guess. Let me guess. Let me guess. Let me guess. Let me guess. Let me guess. Let me guess. You got one of them two-tone motherfuckers, is that what you got? You got a little two-tone dick, hmm, hmm, hmm? Pink on top, brown on the bottom, is that what you got? You whip it out, it looks like a Benetton ad? Is that what you got? Hmm, hmm, hmm? Little peppy boy, hmm? No, thats not it. Thats not it. Maybe you got one of them B-Double-Ds. You got a B-Double-D? You know what a B-Double-D is? Hmm? A Bakers Dozen dick? Hmm? Thats when that shit is like 13 inches and its so big… you cant get the flag all the way up the pole. So when youre laying on top of your baby momma… its like youre taking a dozen down comforters and trying to stuff em in a dorm room dryer. Is that what you got? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no… no, no, I know, I know, I know. You got a little COC up there, dont you? A little can of corn, is that what you got? Got a little can of corn up there, dont you, baby doll, mm-hm. And I dont know if like– if youre into like the culinary classics, you know? Like peanut butter and jelly, bacon and eggs, ham and cheese… fucking potato and sour cream, whatever the fuck it is. You know… nothing tastes as good as corn… and a little pad of butter. You like that, Larry? Because, Larry, Im a dreamer, and I know youre a dreamer. Were all dreamers here, were living in New York City. Right? You gotta be a fucking dreamer to be here. Right, Larry? And everybody in this room, everybody here is waiting… for cabaret to catch fire, it may, it may not, we dont know. In my dream, Larry… my dream is to play Madison Square Garden. But you know what? That may never happen. So heres what I want you to leave here with tonight, okay, Larry? I may never play Madison Square Garden… but I am gonna sit on your face. t the track. ? Hey old friend ? ? Come sit with me ? Excuse me. ? Dont be lonely tonight ? ? Oh please take my hand ? ? Well dance under the moon ? ? As slow as we can ? ? Stay right here until the night is through ? Im in demand. ? Cause there aint nothing in this world ? ? For me and you ? ? Cause tonight ? ? Youre all I need ? ? Please stay with me ? Ladies and gentlemen, put your candles in the air! Hold me. Larry… ? Oh I dont care if tomorrow never comes ? ? Cause tonight old friend ? ? Youre the only one ? ? So please take my hand ? ? Were gonna dance under the moon yeah ? ? As slow as we can ? ? Well stay right here ? ? Til the night is through ? ? Cause there aint nothing in this world ? ? But me and you ? ? Cause tonight ? Lay down, Larry. ? Youre all I need ? ? Stay with me ? ? Wont you stay right here ? ? Cause tonight youre all I need ? ? Wont you stay with me Yeah ? Put your legs up, Larry! Lets fly! ? Yeah yeah yeah ? ? Wont you stay with me Wont you stay with me ? ? Wont you stay with me Wont you stay with yeah ? ? Yeah ? ? Stay right here ? ? Cause tonight ? ? Youre all I need ? ? Wont you stay with me Yeah ? ? Wont you stay with me Wont you stay with me ? ? Wont you stay with me Wont you stay with me yeah ? Yeah! Give it up for Larry, everybody! Take a bow, Larry. Thank you, have a seat. ? Wont you stay right here ? ? Cause tonight youre all I need ? ? Wont you stay with me Yeah ? Ladies and gentlemen, the Tender Moments! Mike Jackson! Matt Ray! Carmine Cavelli! Adam Horowitz! Thank you, Joes Pub! Goodnight! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you. You werent exaggerating. You really do feel like butter. Yeah? You like that? Mm, yummy. ? Cause were living the dream and we aint gonna stop ? ? Were living Yeah were fucking living ? ? We aint gonna stop ?

CHRIS TUCKER@LIVE@2015@[upbeat music playing] [exhaling] [indistinct conversations] [crowd cheering] [inaudible] [audience cheering uproariously] What up? Stop! Stop! [audience applauding] Im so glad yall came out tonight! Yall here with your loved ones. Give it up for everybody here with a date! Yall lookin good! First date. Yeah, yall gotta be careful when youre first datin, cause people will do anything to get you, and then when you marry em, they change on you. And its men and women, too. Cause you… Fellas, you, before you know– Cause you see people, you out there with your dates, some of yall datin now. See, you aint out with the real person, thats their representative you out with right now. You dont know who the hell you out there sittin with… until you marry em. [chuckles] Cause, fellas, you ask a woman to do anything for you before you marry em, if they want you, they gonna do it. Men, too, they do the same thing. Men and women do it. Fellas, you can ask a woman, say, Baby, you go get me somethin to eat? And somethin to drink, please? Something… Shell be like, Okay. Is that all you want? Yeah, baby, thats it. Thats it. Thank you, baby. No, thank you. [audience laughing] So, you want a lot, baby, or a little bit? Here you go, baby. You do that. You marry her and ask her, Baby, you get me somethin to drink? And somethin to eat, please? [in gruff voice] Go get your own goddamn drink. Who the hell you think youre talkin to? [audience laughing and applauding] [mouthing] What the fuck? Baby, you hear that? [in gruff voice] Yeah, I heard! It was me, God damn it. Who the hell you think it was? Baby, what happened to my baby? [in gruff voice] Your baby right here, God damn it! [growling] [screams] I want a divorce! [in gruff voice] You cant divorce me. You didnt make me sign a pre-nup! [screams] But marriage is good, though, marriage is good. You just gotta be careful, man. Cause Im tired of datin. Datin aint cool, man. Datin aint… Especially, you know, sometimes you date and you think… You date a little younger than you, you think thats cool. That aint cool, man. This new generation, theres somethin wrong with em. I dont know whats wrong with em. Im serious. I was datin this girl, and it was goin good, you know. I thought it was cool. I said, This is gonna be good. You know, we got close, it was wild, and we started makin love, and I was like, This is good. She might be the one. She might be the one! And I opened up my eyes and she was tweetin. I said, What the hell you doin tweetin with the– What is wrong with you? [audience cheering] Put that damn phone down! You are rude as hell! Shes like, People need to know what you doin. I said, Uh-uh! No! Not this! No! I took the phone and said, What the hell are you tweetin? Talkin bout Chris handlin his business. I said, You can tweet this, but thats it. Thats it! Thats all. What the hells wrong with you? Somethin wrong with this new generation. Better enjoy it. This might be it. This might be the last time. [audience laughing] Tired of datin, man. I dated out of the country. You think people dont know you that well, but they know. They know me over there, too. Dated a girl, man, who didnt even speak English. I thought it was cool. My friends like, Do you realize she dont even speak English? I said, Do you realize I dont give a damn? Do you see how fine she is? All she knew how to say was, Money! Money, Chris! Money! I should have known there was a problem. She said, What bout my family, Chris? What bout… I said, What about your family? Shit. They need money, Chris. You have it. They need it! I said, Shit… I already got a family that want my money. No, you better go back to your village. Its over. This is over. Chris, this is not right, Chris… Youd better go learn English, cause you dont hear what Im sayin. I dated outside my race, I dated all… I dated a white girl. It was cool at first. She had me doin stuff I never did before, like showin up on time, and… [audience laughing] Got me hooked on Starbucks. It was pretty cool. Everything was cool till she took me rollerbladin. Then we broke up. I almost broke my damn ankles messin around with her ass. She was leavin me and shit. She was good. She said, Chris, come on. Its okay. Follow me! Spinnin around and shit. Just relax! Go side to side like I showed you! Youre spillin your Starbucks, Chris. You cant play basketball every day, Chris. I said, This shit sound racist. Slow your ass down, Samantha! Told you it was my first time. Get these goddamn rollerblades off me. Its over. Its over! I dated a ghetto girl. I was scared as hell every time… She said, Close your eyes. Id be like, For what? What for? What you want? Aint nobody tryin to rob your punk ass, Chris. Now put your arms up! I was like, People know where Im at. She said, No, I dont wanna date no damn punks. Crazy, man! Datin is crazy, man. You gotta be careful, man. You gotta be careful. But you got somebody good, man, just keep em, man. Dont go– Aint nothin out there, keep em. Nothin out there. You got somebody thats half good, try to fix em! If they got small problems, not big ones. Those small ones, you can try to work with em. [audience applauds] And treat em right. Fellas, surprise your wife! Surprise your wife. Dont be doin the same thing all the time. Buy her roses and sunflowers and even sunflower seeds. Whatever you can afford, I dont care. Now, listen, baby, they gonna grow. Theyll grow one day. You can eat em, too, baby. Shell go, Lordy, thats so cute. Hes so cute. When I get married, I want my wife to have a sense of humor, cause Im-a surprise her. She aint gonna know what the hell Im-a do. She gonna be scared. She aint gonna know when Im-a come home. She gonna always be cookin and be like, Chris, that you? Im cookin now. Dont let me mess up this food! Hes so crazy. Im gonna come home, she wont know what– Im-a come home with a gun and a mask, through the window. Get on the ground! Get on the ground! Whatcha doin? Whatcha cookin? [screams] Who are you? Baby, its me. Its me, baby. Its me. [audience laughing] Youre so crazy! I didnt know who you were, fool. [kisses] Youre so stupid! Why you had to break the window, Chris? Thats the third window. So stupid. You better not have messed up my roses outside. I love your crazy ass. You make me sick. [kisses] So stupid. Youre always surprisin me. Chris! Ill be like, I know you didnt know who I was. Yeah, you didnt know who I was. You scared? Why you scared? You was scared. I know youre scared. You were reaching for the phone, werent you? Callin the cops? Dont stop right there, fellas! Go up to her job. Go up to her job. Sneak up to her job. Gun and a mask. Go in and… Get on the desk! Get on the desk! Get on the desk! You aint workin. You aint workin. You aint workin. What are you doing, Chris? This is my job! You goin to make me lose my job! Youre so crazy. [moans] Youre so stupid. I love you. Your crazy ass. Youre so stupid! [kisses] Get outta here. Ill see you when I get home. [whispers] Get out of here! Get out of here! I love you, baby. I love you. See you when you get home. [audience laughing] Be careful, guys. Dont play too much. One time she gonna come home and fool you. Shell come home like, You dont have no business playin like that in the park. [stammers] [audience laughing] What the hell you talkin about? I was at work today. -You werent in the park? -Hell, no! You know I had to work! And why didnt you call the cops? God damn, baby! Its your fault! You play too much. I dont know when the hell youre gonna jump out of everywhere, and… Its your fault. You knew I had to work today. Be careful, though, fellas. If you wanna get married, ask the right people. Dont ask the wrong people, because they give you the wrong advice cause their marriage is messed up. Ask the right people, cause I asked my Uncle John. I said, Uncle John, Im thinkin about gettin married. What do you think? He was like, Dont do no stupid shit like that. Dont do no stupid shit like that. Youre free. Get out there, boy. Youre a black stallion. Get out there and buck! Get out there and buck, boy! [audience laughing] Get out there and have some fun! Youre free. I said, Uncle John, youll put your back out actin like that. Stop it. I aint ask him nothin else. I asked my granddaddy cause I thought my granddaddyd give me better advice. I said, Granddaddy, Im thinkin about gettin married. What do you think? I thought hed give me good advice. He told me… He said he glad he recorded his weddin, so he can rewind it and walk away a free man. [audience laughing and applauding] Any married couples like their marriages? -Thats good. Thats beautiful. -[audience applauding] I havent been married. Im scared to get married. Im scared. I just made some money. I aint tryin to lose the shit right away. Marriage sometimes aint a good business deal. Im looking, you know. Im looking, though, but, you know, I need a woman gonna help me, though. I dont care nothin about fine. You gotta be more than fine. You gotta be able to– -[audience cheering and applauding] -Thats right. You gotta be able to do some other stuff. You got to be able to fill out a 1099 and shit. Thats right. You need to be able to help me out with my taxes and shit. You better have an accounting degree to be with me. Take care of your business, man. Dont listen to people. Do your own business. Be careful who you listen to, cause thats the last time I let Wesley Snipes help me out with my taxes! [audience laughing] [scoffing] Almost got both our asses locked up, man. Im gonna kick Wesleys ass! I wanted to Passenger 57 his ass! Nino Brown his ass. Im serious, man. He told me and Ron Isley the same thing. Ron Isley was pissed off. I talked to him last night. Rons still mad about it. He said, ? Im-a kick Wesleys ass ? [vocalizing] I said, Ron, let it go, let it go! Put the cane down! Put the cane down, Ron. You dont wanna do this. Wesley gonna tell us that mess… We was out one night in Hollywood, he gonna tell me we didnt have to pay taxes. Man, we aint gotta pay no goddamn taxes, man. I said, Wesley, what the hell you talkin about? Im Blade. Blade dont pay no goddamn taxes. You pay taxes, huh? [chuckles] Gee Money, you aint gotta pay no taxes and shit, man. I aint Gee Money, Im Chris. What the hell is he talkin about? This aint New Jack City. Wesley, stop smokin that stuff! Good thing about owing the IRS, though, everybody else got to wait. Bill collectors try to threaten you, they cant even threaten you in this economy. Talkin bout, If you dont pay the house note, we gonna come and get it. I say, Well, shit, come get it. Its upside down anyway. Come and get it. [audience laughing] Dont you wanna talk about it? -No! You said youd come and get it. Now, come and get this shit! [audience laughing] Well, lets talk about it, Mr– -No, no! I dont wanna talk about nothing. I dont want that house no more anyway. I dont go down there anyway. People, you know, people will say, Save your money. You know, youre young. You dont want to hear that. They say, Save your money for a rainy day. I say, Shit, its raining today. Im about to go get me a Ferrari. Im about to go have some fun! I was doing crazy stuff, yall. I was doing crazy stuff. I bought two houses right next door to each other. Just crazy. I was my own next door neighbor. It was crazy as hell. I was borrowing stuff from myself and shit. You got some sugar we can borrow? You know I got some sugar we can borrow. What you talking about? Youre me and Im you, man. Go on up there and get it. You aint gotta talk to me like that. Damn, dude. I aint wanna be rude. I was gonna ask you. Damn. You gonna act like that, long as Ive been knowing you. Shit. Crazy, man! Im cutting back though, now. Im saving my money. Im smart. Being smart with my money. I aint doing that buying up all these houses no more. Smart! Me, Toni Braxton and Jermaine Dupri are getting an apartment together. [audience laughing and applauding] And Terrell Owens is movin in, too, with us. [audience laughing] [chuckles] And bill collectors get on my nerve, too. They get the– They get on your nerve. They call you. They call you, just messing with you. Theres no reason, just… I dont care though. I tell em. I tell em. I say, Look, people owe me, too. Shit. Im serious. I said, Call Terry, he owes me $200. Put that down on the bill. They say, We dont know who no Terry is, or where he is. I say, I dont know where his ass at neither! Lets find his ass! Cant you see hes the problem? Shit. Were up here fussing, hes running free with our money. You gotta look at whos the problem here. Bill collectors make me sick. They always go, We need the money. They act like you owe them the money personally. We need the money. I said, Look, I dont owe you a goddamn thing. You know what I mean? I owe the company the money. You stay the hell out of me and that American Express business. American Express make me sick, too. I should have left home without it. They get on my goddamn nerve. They dont tell you to stop, but they want their money when you owe em. Uh, youre overdue. So, why yall didnt stop me? Ive been getting so much on a credit card, Ill be like, I think somebody else did it. Im like, Who the hell did this shit? I didnt buy all this shit! When the hell did I buy a statue? May I remind you, Ive seen you shopping with Michael Jackson. Oh, shit! I remember that. Michael talked me into getting that shit. You ever loan somebody some money and they get an attitude with you when you ask for it back? And theyd be like, God damn, man! Shit! God damn! Youre still worried about that little-ass money? He looked me up and down like this, Little-ass money… That shit wasnt little when you borrowed it, God damn it! Give me my goddamn money! Rich as you is? Let me tell you how much money you got. No, what? No, no, you dont know what I got. Damn, man, I told you I was gonna pay you on Tuesday. Shit. Well, you told me last Tuesday, not any Tuesday, man. Go get my goddamn money! What the hell is wrong with you? Thats why when people ask me for money, I take pictures of them now. I take pictures cause they dont remember. They dont remember! When they was crying and shit when they was asking for the money, I take pictures of em. I say, Remember this shit? Look at this picture. Look at it. Remember, you was begging. You was crying so much. You dont wanna live no more. You see this shit. Give me my goddamn money, man! Then they try to deny it, Man, that aint me. Thats a close-up shot. That is you! Thats when you was on your knees. Right there! Give me my damn money! You cant trust nobody, man. Im gonna be like Oprah. Oprah Winfrey dont trust nobody. Thats why shes so rich. Oprah dont trust nobody. I remember one time Oprah invited all these celebrities to her house, and I came and all these celebrities were in her house, and everybody came over, and she had everybody in the yard. Wouldnt let nobody in the house. We was like, God damn! What kind of shit is that? [audience laughing] Everybody asked everybody, Have you been in the house? No, I havent, no. -Youve been in the house? -No, thats why I asked you. I mean, she wont let nobody in there, but Gayle and Maya Angelou. Shit. Damn. Cause she dont trust nobody else. I tried to get in with Maya Angelou. Told Maya Angelou I need to use the bathroom. Miss Angelou, I gotta use the bathroom. Can I go in there with you? She was like, Hell, no, son! [audience laughing] Who the hell do you think I am? You know Im wise. Oprah dont want nobody in that house. Im gonna get me a ride back on that plane. Shit, I gotta go home tomorrow. Everybody want you to trust em. McDonalds got two windows. Two windows! One where you pay and the other one where you get your food. Im like, Man, if I give yall my money, I want my food, man. Same time! Same time! What the hell is wrong with yall? You better go up there and get my goddamn food, man! Sir, sir, your food is at the next window, calm down. No, no, you take your ass up there. You go get my food and come back. I gave you my money, I want my food, man! I dont know you, man! I dont know who the hell at that next window. That could be another store. I dont know who the hell up there. People blowing their horns behind me, so I said, Man, theyre playing with peoples food up here! Yall can fall for this shit, but not me! Now, go get my food, man. You go up there and get my food, and you come back, thats what you do. All right, you dont wanna do that? I aint going then. Ill stay right here. I dont give a damn. [audience laughing and applauding] Go get my food, man! They gonna call the cops on me. Do you believe that shit? Any cops in here? Where they at? Yall play too much. Where they at? Cops play too much, dont they? They play too much. Theyre childish. Hiding in the woods, waiting for somebody to speed. Man, thats childish! [audience cheering] You trying to go to work, they playing hide-and-go-see and shit. You know how they do, hiding and shit? Just hiding behind stuff. You know how they… [audience laughing] Shit. Shit. Oh, shit! Oh, shit! Oh, shit! Oh! [mimicking police siren] Making all that damn noise, messing up your hearing and shit. Man, turn the shit down. You got me! Messing up my damn hearing over a damn ticket! Then theyre talking with you like youre some little kid. Turn that goddamn car off, boy. Turn it off! APB, we need a three-four-five. Tupac just went through here like a goddamn bat out of hell. Get down here now! Where the hell were you going, boy? You aint my daddy. Who the hell are you? Dont talk to me like that. You aint my daddy. Why was you speeding, boy? Cause I didnt see you. [audience laughing] Why was you hiding, man? Tell me that. Why was you hiding? That shit aint fair, man! Theres good people out here trying to go to work. Playing games and shit. Boy, watch your mouth, son! Now, I aint gonna tell you again! One more time, out of you. One more time. Now, youve seen us behind you. Why the hell you start speeding up? Cause you was catching up, thats why. I dont just give up. My mama didnt raise me like that. Cops, man. Thats why I love when I get over on em. Dont you love it when you get over on a cop? When youre speeding and you think they got you but they done already pulled somebody over. Dont you love that? You be speeding and you be like, Oh, shit, he done got me. God damn. Oh, no, he done already got somebody. Oh, hes not gonna stop me! [mimics car accelerating] Hey, man, you shouldve waited, man. I was going way faster than him. I got some weed and some cocaine! [mimics tires screeching] Cop be mad at you, Goddamn, son of a bitch! APB, goddamn, down here, now! Where the hell is that son of a bitch going? God damn it, I missed a big one messing with this old-ass lady. Give it up for my boy, Michael Jackson. I miss Michael, man! I miss him. [audience cheering] Michael was the king, man! Real, like, true life king! Yall seen me in the video? I was in one of his videos. Yall seen me in Rock My World? I couldnt believe I was in that video. I kept messing up the video looking at Michael. I was like, God damn, I cant believe Im in this goddamn video! Michael was getting mad. [mimics Michael] Chris, what the hell are you doing? Chris, look straight. What the hell are you doing? Youre messing up my video, Chris! I go, Mike, Im sorry, I cant believe Im in the video with you, man! Chris, believe it. Chris, believe it! Shit. Youre messing up my video, Chris! [audience laughing and applauding] Mike, Im sorry, man. I cant believe it. Michael was so cool, man. Michael changed my name. I didnt even say nothing. He started calling me Christmas and shit. First, I didnt know who he was talking about. I didnt know who he was talking to. He was like, Hey, Christmas. Whos Michael talking to? Michael, Im talking to you, Chris. Im talking to you. Your name sounds like Christmas. Its beautiful, Chris. Reminds me of Christmas. Christmas trees, presents, fireplaces… Its beautiful, Chris. You should keep it, Chris. He convinced me. Im like, Do sound kind of good. Christmas Tucker. Okay, Christmas Tucker. Sounds pretty good. Well keep it for a little while. Went up to Neverland. Michael had it cold. Michael had it cold. But Neverland was really, like, Neverland. You go there, Michael had big golden gates. You go through the gates, the music come on, everybodys… [vocalizing] Im like, God damn! This really is Neverland. I dont never, ever wanna leave. Shit. It be fly, too. Michael had us ride on a little train to the house. This is some shit, right here. Michael got a train in his house. We get to the house. Man, Michael be sitting there, cold-blooded, like Michael Corleone. Hed be sitting in the living room. His people get your bags. You aint gotta worry about that. Michael be saying, How are you? How are you doing? Wed be sitting there talking, all of a sudden something magical would happen. Like, two giraffes just walk by the window. Like, What the fuck was that? Michael, was that two giraffes just walked by the window? No, it was three. It was three giraffes, Chris. It was three. Michael, that was fly as hell! I know, I know. Thats why I bought em. Thats why I bought em. There aint no more animals free like that is there, man? Couple of elephants, one lion. We cant find that lion. What? What? What the fuck? It wont bite you, Chris. It wont bite you, Michael. That lion dont know me. Better find that damn lion. Michael was cool, man. Wed hang out with Michael. Michael liked rap. He liked that 50 Cent song, In Da Club. He liked the beat, so hed be jamming to the beat. Wed be riding in the car, Michaeld just be jamming to the beat. Hed be like… [beatboxing] Michaeld be getting down. Hed just play it back… [continues beatboxing] All of a sudden, you know… Its cool till he starts singing the words. Thats when it sound crazy. Hes like, ? You see me in the club With a bottle full of bub… ? Michael, Michael, no! Michael, no! Dont sing the words. Chris, I love that song, Chris. I love that beat. I love it, Chris. That is a cold-blooded beat. I love that beat. Of course I wouldnt go in the club with a bottle full of bub, Chris. I wouldnt do that. But I love that song, Chris. -That didnt sound right, Mike. -I know, but I love it. He liked Rick Ross, too. He loved– Sometimes hed be… Just going around places… [grunts] Hed be doing a song going… [grunts] Id be like, What the hell was that? I said, Michael, was that you? No, no. -Did you hear that? -I didnt hear nothing. I dont know what that was. I thought you did it. I dont know who did it. One time, I caught him. Hes all… [grunts] I said, Michael, I saw you. I knew it was you! Im sorry, Chris, I love Rick Ross. I love him. I love Maybach Music. I love… Theyre so cool. Hes so crazy. [grunts] I love that. Hes so free. I wanna do that on my album. -[grunts] [audience laughing] Hes so crazy. So silly. [grunts] Crazy guy. I said, Michael! One time I did something real cool with Michael, though. I went over Barry Gibbs house from the Bee Gees. You know Barry Gibb. I was like, Damn, this is fly. We was watching the Oscars at Barry Gibbs house of the Bee Gees. And we were sitting there and all and hanging out and stuff. And I said, God damn, Im sitting here with Barry Gibb and Michael Jackson. And all of a sudden both of em start singing. They were singing How Deep is Your Love. I said, God damn! This is Michael Jackson and Barry Gibb singing right in front of me. Aint nobody gonna believe this shit. There was just me and a dog looking. The dog even seemed surprised. [mimics dog] God damn, this shit is fly! Shit, what is this? -I said, Do you see this shit? -Yeah, I see the shit. Michael Jackson, Barry Gibb, sure. So they start singing. Michael starts singing first. Man, I never heard him sing live before. He was like… ? How deep is your love? How deep is your love? ? ? I really need to know ? ? Cause were living in a world of fools ? ? Breaking us down ? ? And we all should let it be ? ? And the world should be… ? And then Barry came in. ? I believe in you ? [singing gibberish] And then I got caught up and came in. ? Come to you on a summer breeze ? ? And you know I can stay and you know it ? And Michaels like, Chris, no. Chris, no. [audience laughing and applauding] Chris! Chris… No, Chris. What are you doing, Chris? Barry, Im sorry, Barry. Chris! I said, Michael, Im sorry, I got caught up. No, Chris, no. Stick with the jokes. Chris, no. What are you doing? I said, Sorry, Mike, I got caught up, man. -It sounds so good. -No, Chris, no! You said you wouldnt say nothing, Chris. Barry, Im sorry. Chris, whats wrong with you? No. Im sorry, Barry. Im sorry. Chris, what are you doing? Im sorry, Michael, it was just sounding so good, I thought I– No, Chris, no. Chris, go to the car, Chris, go to the car. Michael, man, I wont say nothing else. I know you wont say anything else, Chris. Go. Beat it, Chris. Beat it, Chris. Mike, Im sorry, man. I– Chris, go, go, I told you not to– You always want to be starting something. Go, just go. Go. I dont wanna hear it, Chris. [giggles] Michael the man, man. Michael performed live, man, Michael was incredible, man. Michaeld do some… Michaelll go out there and do… [vocalizes] Hed be talking to your girl, you dont even say nothing. You dont even say nothing. Youd be like, You take her, Mike. Go! Go take her. I got to come with you though, Mike. [giggles] Michael be coming to sing, going, ? Lookin out across the night sky ? ? The city winks a sleepless eye ? ? Get you alone ? ? Shake my window ? ? Its such an amusing sight ? ? When we say why, why ? ? Tell em that its human nature ? ? Why, why does he do me that way? ? Give yourselves a round of applause. [audience applauding] ? Ooh, yeah ? Thank yall for supporting and coming out here. Yall got to stop messaging me about this Friday stuff. God damn, yall. Thank you for supporting me in the movie. Everybody want to see me do another Friday. I go through the airport, and the security people just stop me just to ask me that. Oh, I got to do a check here. Hey, man, you gonna do another Friday? Turn around, man. Turn around. Come on, man. Wish you would do it. Cube wanna do it. Come on, man, do it. Itd help you with your taxes. Come on, man. Stay the hell out of my business. Do your job. Make me late for my flight. I appreciate yall lovin the movie. I aint gonna do another one. Cause Cube didnt pay me for the first one, shit. [audience laughing] He said hed give me some CDs and some weed. I said, Hell, no. [mimicking Ice Cube] Talkin bout, You aint even tried it yet, Chris. You aint even tried it yet. Cube, I dont want no damn weed. I want some money! Cubed be talking to you, but its like he rapping to you. [rapping] ? You can do it Put your back into it ? Is he rapping or talkin to me? Cube, whatd you say? [rapping] ? Dont stop Get it, get it ? Man, would you stop rapping to me? Hes doing movie lines. Either they dont know, they dont show, or they dont care whats going on in the hood. I said, Cube, thats Boyz n the Hood, man! Would you stop acting? My family tripped out when they found out how much money I was making. My family acted a fool. They just act cray, all of them. They found out how much money I was making, all of them just quit their jobs. They just quit. I said, What the fuck? I said, Wait a minute. What yall doin? They were going around singing, ? We rich, we rich We aint gotta do shit ? ? We rich, we rich We aint gotta do shit ? ? We rich, rich, rich ? ? We rich, we rich, we rich ? I said, Yall aint rich. Im rich. You better get yall jobs back before its too late. Shit. Whats wrong with yall? It was crazy, man. Everybody wanted something, man. My brother was reminding me of stuff he did for me when I was five years old. He said, Man, remember that time you was walking across the street and that car was comin? And I said, Hold up, wait a minute.' [audience laughing] You got to remember that, man. Chris, you wouldnt even be alive now, man. Loan me the money for the house, man. Damn. I said, I dont remember. Im too young, I was too young. You cant ask nobody how theyre doin. It always leads back to money. I asked my Uncle John. I said, Uncle John, how you doing? Good to see you. Oh, man, God damn! [audience laughing] God! Chris, man. [groans] Chris… Really bad. Oh, Chris, Chris, Chris… You know somebody in some pain when they say, Oh… Theyre howling your name. [moaning] Oh, Chris, Chris Im so glad you said something, son. The Lord must be speaking to you today, Chris. [audience laughing] Chris… I dont know how the hell Im gonna pay all these damn bills, Chris. I said, Uncle John, I dont know how the hell youre gonna pay them neither! God damn! I just asked you how you was doing, man! Damn! Why everything gotta lead back to money? On a trip, man. My daddy tripped out. My daddy tripping, going to tell me his doctor said he need a new car cause the old car messin up his back. I said, Daddy! [audience laughing] He gonna swear me down, Look at the prescription. Thats what the doctor said. Look at the prescription. Nobody trying to trick you. Shit. That old car killin me, son. Thats what the doctor said. You want your daddy to die, boy? Go on, look at the prescription. See that, it need to be blue and convertible. Its good for my spirit, son. Thats what the doctor said. I didnt make up nothing like that. I said, Daddy, no. My daddy wanted a new car because I bought my mama a new car. Cause you know, when you make a little money, first thing you do is take care of your mama, right? You take care of your mama. [audience applauding] In black families, thats what we do with this new generation money, take care of your mama. But then my parents, they separated when I was young, which is cool cause my daddy was always around. They separated and then I bought my mama a car, my daddy wanted one. Well, I said, Daddy, I aint going broke cause you and Mama dont love each other no more. I aint buying no two cars, I aint doing it. I said, You better get back with Mama. Shit. I said, Ride in the back seat. Yall aint gotta talk. Shit. So whats love got to do with it? My daddy left home, he left home when I was younger and stuff. He thought we was all sad, but we was cool because it was like, Shit, its too crowded in the house anyway. We were happy. He need his own place. Shit. Always turning the TV and shit. Nobody wanna watch no damn Dallas. [chuckling] He thought we were sad, and he came back one day to talk to us, we was like, Oh, shit, I know he aint comin back, is he? I said, Daddy, you aint coming back, are you? Dont be a quitter now. [audience laughing] You dont want us to grow up to be quitters, do you? Besides, we done took your room. Mama in our room now. We got the big room. Go get your ass out in front of me. I worked for my daddy, too. Dont work for family. You ever work for family? Dont work for family. You ever got a whoopin at your job? Thats embarrassin as hell. My daddy would… My daddy would whoop us anywhere. Get your ass in there. Do what I told you to do. Im like, Daddy, come on, wait till we get home. You dont wait for me, God damn it. -Youll do what the hell I tell you to. -Daddy, please! My daddy come home and just whoop everybody in the house. Be whoopin my friends and shit. Get your ass up there. Do what I told you to do. Mr. Tucker, Mr. Tucker, I aint your son! Get your ass out of my house, then. I told you not to come down here. You need an ass-whoopin anyway, God damn it. Im-a tell my daddy. I catch him in my house, Im-a whoop his ass, too! One time, my daddy whooped me and my brother like slaves. Like two slaves, cause he came home, he was mad. He came home from the Atlanta dairy, he was mad. We didnt know he was mad. We did something, broke something, so we tried to tell on each other. So we ran up to him, -Daddy, he did it. -No, he did it, Dad. My daddy whooped both of us. He said, Both of yall go downstairs, take your clothes off, and lay on the couch. We was like, What the fuck? [audience laughing] What Daddy say? [breathing heavily] All I heard was lay down there butt-naked or something, on the couch. Oh, shit. We shouldnt have said nothing, man. We were downstairs, man, my daddy was– Waiting, butt-naked on the couch. Lookin at each other, What the hell we do, man? Why did we say something? [sobbing] My brother tried to be strong, Be strong, boy. You hear me, Chris? Dont let him break you, Chris. Dont let him break you. [sobbing] Okay, okay, okay, okay. Cry inside, Chris. Okay, okay. He hit my brother first, hes like… [popping] My brother said, Ahhh! Daddy, Im sorry, Daddy! I laughed so hard, I didnt even hurt when he was whooping me. [laughing] Daddy. Daddy, stop. We were in the room, like, Whats all that be strong shit? What happened to that, where did that go? Hmm? Whered that go? Daddy hit me hard cause Im older and shit. Yeah, right. Yeah, man. My daddy is somethin else, man. Its a trip though, being the youngest. Im the youngest of six kids. You learn a lot when you the youngest of six kids. You learn what not to do. Cause I seen my brothers and sisters get whoopin, and Id be like, Whatd you do? Why Daddy whoop you like that? God damn. Shit. Daddy tore your ass up, whatd you do? I didnt take out the garbage. All that was over garbage? Shit. Damn. Daddys serious about the garbage, huh? [exhaling sharply] What day the garbage man come? What day? Tuesday. Okay, Ill remember that shit. Tuesday. Being the youngest, you dont get no college fund. My brothers and sisters messed that all up. I asked my dad about college, he was like, Shit. You better find something to do. Talk to your brothers and sisters. They had your college fund. They messed it up. That was okay, though, I didnt care, shoot. I barely got out of high school. I wasnt gonna start that shit all over again. I was barely… I barely got out. My teacher kept me back. I said, What you keepin me back for? I dont wanna see you again and you dont wanna see me again. Let me go! See what I can do. Let me be all I could be! I used to get on teachers nerves, they used to hate me. They used to get mad. Theyd say, Listen, Chris, if you act up again, Im gonna call your mama. I said, If you gonna call my mama, you gonna have to pay the phone bill, cause the phone been cut off for two weeks. [audience laughing] Shed be pissed off, Get out of my room! You make me sick! Go to the principal office! Id go to the principals office, I didnt care because I was in the principals office so much, I was cool with the principal, we were tight. Hed be like, Whatd you do this time? Get in here, get in here. Get in here, close the door. Sit down. Whatd you do this time? -Call my mama, pay the phone bill. -Man, you crazy! Youre a fool, Chris. Youre a fool, boy. You gonna make me suspend your ass. Im just playing. Im just playing. We aint gonna suspend you. Give me my peanuts. I used to sell candy. I had the principal hooked on peanuts. He was hooked on salt. Hed be mad if I dont show up. Where the hell you was yesterday? Shit. Shit. You got me hooked me on this shit, and you dont show up for school. Dont bite the hand that feeds you, boy. I can only do so much, Chris. You know Im playing. Get out of here. Dont be late, boy. Dont be late again. School was fun, man. I found out– I tried to play sports, you know, every guy wanna play sports. I ended up not playing it. I wasnt that good. I tried to play football, I wasnt that good. I broke both of my wrists in practice and shit. Ambulance came, they were like, God, how you do that shit? I said, Man, just take me to the doctor. God damn. I dont know how I did it. Damn! Take me to the hospital! Stop asking all these damn questions! Shit. I used to play, man, cause I wanted that jersey for pep rally. I wanted that jersey cause I wanted to run out there. Thats how you get the girls. I used to run out there in the pep rally, I used to run out there. Jersey clean, I aint played one game. Coach never let me in a game. Im up there, I be in the bench talking about the team cause we losing, They sorry as hell. Wed win if hed put me in the game. Shit. One time, somebody got hurt. Coach put me in the game. I was like, What the hell? He said, -Tucker, get up here! -What the hell he want? I want you to go in the game, wide receiver. Somebody got hurt. Shit. I didnt know none of their plays. I was like, Shit. Coach, game almost over– -Get in the game! -What– I got out there, I aint care, I said, Okay, shit, Ill go out there. Quarterback say hes running with– In the huddle, he said we gonna run, run the ball. They gonna run the ball. I said, He aint gonna throw it to me, so Im gonna have some fun. I was good, because I played with my older brothers and sisters. I could fake somebody out in a minute, I was good. Playing street ball. I could… Whoa! I said, Im gonna fake them out. Im gonna get out there. He hiked the ball, and I faked it. Ah! He fell down. I was like… [whooshes] I was out there, I said, Oh, shit. I saw my mama in the stands, I said, Hey, Mama. Im going pro. Ill buy you a house, Mama. I knew I was cool. He was gonna run the ball. All of a sudden, quarterback threw the ball at me, I was like, What the fuck are you throwin it at me for? Oh, shit, that aint the play, God damn, man! He knew I didnt go to practice last week. Shit. I was hoping something would happen, like a bird would hit the ball or somethin, a little rain or somethin. Ball came, I dropped it, I was like, Shit. My whole family was up cheering. Everybodys like… I dropped the ball, they was like, That aint our brother. Our brothers number ten. We dont know who that was. We dont. Come on, Mama, lets go. Come on, he gave up on us, were gonna give up on him. Shit. Embarrass the Tuckers like that. Lets get out of here. Oh. We had fun in school. My daddy one of the daddies, hed do stuff with us. Thats what he was cool about. He did a lot of stuff with us. But it was cool until he forget we was his kids and shit. One time, he called my sister a bitch, and we was like, God damn, Daddy! We was playing cards and she said he didnt put up. He got mad as hell, She gonna tell me what I God damn did, shit. I put my money up. -We was like, Daddy! -I dont give a damn shit. I knew her when she couldnt talk or walk. Dont tell me what I did, God damn it. My sister was crying. I was like, Its gonna be all right. [crying] Shes like, Uh-uh, uh-uh. My daddy called me a bitch. Uh-uh. I said, Stop it, stop it. Its okay. He done called everybody something. He called me a punk bitch. Let it go. Now get your head up and get back in the game. My daddy funny, man. One time he lost his mind playing cards over at my sisters house. Lost his mind. He was losing a lot of money, and lost his mind. He thought my sisters roaches was helping her cheat. Boy, it got shit crazy. Cause he kept getting bad hand after bad hand. He just got frustrated. He was dealing and– We didnt know how much money he lost, but he just got to hallucinating stuff. He would be just shuffling his cards. [mouthing] Shit. Hed shuffle them again like his hand gonna change. [audience laughing] I knew there was some shit going on in here. How long that goddamn roach been on that wall, looking at my goddamn hand? I wanna know who the hell working with this roach. My friends are all, God damn. Your daddy crazy as hell. We quit, man. Yall can have the money. Theres something wrong with your family, man. Yall gotta work that shit out. My mama wasnt like that. My mama was different, my mama was strict. Anybody got a strict mama? My mama told you something, she meant it. One time, my mama told me… I got lost in the mall. My mama didnt even look for me. She didnt even look for me. I had to find a security guard to help me look for my mama. I was like, Come on, man, hurry up, before she leaves. Mama! Mama, where you at? Mama! Im sorry! Man, I went everywhere in that mall looking for my mama. My mama wasnt even in the mall no more. Found my mama in the parking lot backing back. I was like, There she go. Mama! [sobbing] Im sorry, Mama. Shes like, Uh-uh, uh-uh, uh-uh. I thought you had a ride home. The car is too full. [mimics engine accelerating] [mimics tires screeching] Mama, Im only five years old! But you think you grown. I told you not to leave my side! [mimics engine accelerating and tires screeching] Mama! I thought she was gonna come back, she left me out there all night long, Ill tell you something. [sniffles] Wouldnt nobody even kidnap me. Kidnappers dont kidnap black kids. We too much trouble. We ask too many questions. Well be in the backseat asking questions, we wont be quiet. Well be scared, but we wanna know whats going on. [breathing shallowly] Mr. Kidnapper? Mr. Kidnapper? Where we going? Mr. Kidnapper? When we gonna eat? [audience laughing] Mr. Kidnapper? Mr. Kidnapper? Can you put the radio to a black radio station, please? [audience applauding and laughing] Maybe a little Babyface, Earth, Wind & Fire or somethin? Im getting a little scared, man. Kidnapper just goes, Just get the hell out, boy! Get the hell out of the car! Drive me even more crazy, God damn! Do you realize your life is in danger, boy? Get out! [sputtering] You kidnapped me, man! You get more money if you keep me alive. Shit. Yeah, my mama, man, she didnt play, man. My mama made us go to church. Made us. We hadnt even sinned yet, we still had to go to church. All right, get up. You are going to church! Mama, cant the preacher come here sometimes? We always going to him. He can preach on the kitchen table, Mama. Get up! You are going to church! Make me sick. Making me late. Shes always talkin bout we making her late. And she aint dressed, neither. Walkin around with her bra on. You are making me late! I cant get dressed fooling around with yall! You cant get dressed cause you aint dressed, Mama. You late, too. Were just a late family. Making me sick! Shed be mad at us every Sunday. Shed fix her some breakfast, she wouldnt fix us nothin, shed be mad at us. Wed be so late she gotta eat it in the car. Shed come to the car with her food. And one time she brought it to the car and gave it to me to hold, but I didnt hear what she said, and I thought she was giving it to me. And I ate my mamas breakfast. Man, I aint never seen her this mad before. Cause all I heard was, Here. I didnt hear, Hold this. I didnt hear that. And she says, Get that door! Get the door! You make me sick. Every Sunday, we gotta go through this! Here! Hold that. And I got it, I was like, Huh? I thought Mama was mad at us. Well, she said, Here. Whyd Mama fix me coffee? My brother was in the backseat, Man, what the hell you doing? Thats Mama food. Shut up. Cant stand to see me have nothing. Just like Grandmamma said, Crabs in the bucket. Dont even have to put a lid on the top. Mama fixed this for me! Mad cause you aint in the front seat. Make me sick. All of a sudden, my mama said, Hand me my plate. Shut up. Mama, whatd you say? Boy, I said, hand me my plate! Mama, you mean the plate you gave me? Boy, the plate I told you to hold! Mama, you said, Here.' Boy, I said, Here, hold my plate.' Mama… [whimpers] Mama… Mama, you still love me, Mama? Boy, what are you talking about? You know how sometimes I be doing stupid stuff, Mama? Oh, I know you didnt sit up there and eat my food! You get out of this car and you walk to church. You hear me? You get out and you walk to church! You got enough energy, get out of here! [sputtering] Mama, Im sorry! I left you the biscuit, Mama! I had to walk all the way to church, yall. I didnt care, I was full. I got in the back of the church, my brother was back there. We were back there talking. My brother was like, You crazy. I said, You crazy. Let Mama treat you like that. My brothers like, You gonna go to hell. I said, You already living in hell. We back there talking and my mama friend see us and say… Uh-uh. Sister Russell saw us back there talking, she went, Uh-uh. Back there embarrassing Sister Tucker. They ought to be ashamed of theirselves. Somebody get Sister Tucker. Touch Sister Tucker. Mmm-mmm. Chris back there talking. Mary! Mary! Mary! Mary! Hey! Mary, look. Mary. Mary, look. Look, Mary. [mouthing] He made it to church. I thought somebody was gonna kidnap him, you make me sick! Back there talking! Chris! Chris, shut up! Shut up, boy! You hear me? Shut up! And I knew she couldnt get up and move, cause it was the middle of the church, so I said, Mama. You shut up, Mama. [audience gasps] My mama… Boy, are you done lost your mind, Chris? Now, I said shut up, boy. Mama, I said shut up, lady. You wait till after church, you wait till after church, Chris. No, Mama, you wait till after church, Mama. You hear me? You wait till after church, Mama! Aint gonna fix nobody no breakfast! Boy, you done went crazy, boy! -You, you wait– -Mama, you wait, you wait. My mama so mad at me, they thought she was shouting. She mad at me, Lord, Im-a get him, Lord, Im-a get him! He ate my breakfast, Lord, he ate my breakfast! [chuckles] I love church, man. I love going to church. Its fun in church. I like to see the people shouting in church. Especially the older ladies shouting in church. You know, the mothers? Cause the mothers, they dont go to clubs no more, so the only chance they get to dance is in the church. So they be getting down. They be sharp, too. They be having their suits on with the– Shiny, with the pretty hats and they get to shoutin. They be getting down, they be like, oh… I be like, Get down, Sister Scott. Sometimes I go out there with them, Go ahead, Sister Scott. Go ahead, Sister Scott! You still got it, Sister Scott! I know I still got it, boy. You gonna get in trouble, Chris. Your mama looking at you, Chris. Your mama right over there. 1952, doing the romp here, baby. I aint lost a step, look at that. Your mama gonna get you, boy. You crazy. I heard you ate her breakfast. I dont know whats wrong with you. What is wrong with you? Howd you hear about that? Man, mothers know everything. Itd be scary sometimes in church. You know the people that run around in church scare everybody. They just bust out screaming… [screams] Hallelujah! Thank you, Lord! Even the pastor be scared. Who the hell was that? Theres a demon in the church. Go to my office and get my oil… and a hot rag. Im gonna get that demon right up out of this church. We not gonna have this in this church. That aint one of my members. I know all my members. And aint none of them that crazy. Some preachers be a trip, dont they? Some preachers be stingy. You ever been to a church, preachers stingy? Preacher have a pitcher of lemonade up on his pulpit, and two cups, dont offer nobody nothing. Talking about, Can I get an amen, church? Hey, man, pass some of that lemonade! You know its hot in this church! You know the water fountain dont work. -Who said that? -Me, the brother in the fifth row! Hot as hell in this church! Who the hell in the fifth row? Church be hot! You dont care. Church be so hot the flies leave. We going to a white church. Its too hot in here. Lets get the hell out of here, come on. [buzzes] Shit, the window closed. Somebody open the window! Oh, shit, man. We dont want to be no member no more! Come on, man! Lets get the hell out of here. Let us go! Yall, niggazz. [audience laughing] [chuckling] Preacher be moving too fast through the Bible, he dont care nothing about this. He dont wait on nobody. Now, turn to John 45. Ill wait for you. Youll be looking for it. Hey, is John in the front of the Bible, or the back of the Bible? Hey, is John in the front of the Bible? Something wrong with my Bible, I think its broken. God bless you. God is going to bless you. You mean like that. Soon as you get to John, Go to Luke 45. Pastor, slow down. -Who is that? -Me, the brother in the fifth row! Nobody dont know the Bible like you. Who the hell is in the fifth row? I dont know, some brother. Then the preacher keep you there all night long. Then got the nerve to say, I want you all to come back for tonights service. Its gonna be a fine, dandy time tonight. Im like, Man, look outside, it is tonight. Look outside, it is tonight! We done been here all damn day. Who the hell is in the fifth row? Get him out of here! Messing up my sermon. Now Im a father. Im a father now, Im raising my son. -[audience applauding] -Thank you. Kids are free, man. Kids are the only people on Earth that can come and stare you in the face, look at you, and then walk away, dont say nothing. Kids do it all the time. They just come up to you like this. [audience laughing] They make you feel uncomfortable. Hey, little kid! Whats wrong with me? Come back here! Stay free, little kid. Stay free, man! Kids tell you the truth. Theyll tell you if your breath stink, too. Theyll tell you. Kids will tell you, Your breath stink. -What? What you talking about? -Your breath stink. Dont talk to me like that. Dont talk to me like that. Your breath stink. Your breath stink. No, your breath stink. You just say that cause your breath stinky. You dont know whether to be mad or nice to them. Thank you. Bad-ass kid. Cause grown-ups aint gonna tell you your breath stink. They just walk around with yall, theyll tell everybody else. Man, you smell his breath? God damn, he smell! Whoo! Shit! Did you smell his breath? [laughs] I gave him some gum, the gum didnt want to go to him. I was like, Damn. I mean, his breath be kicking it. Can smell it over the phone. Im talkin bout, his breath stinks. I wanna take my son to Africa, though, I wanna take him to Africa. Any of yall ever been to Africa? Go to Africa. Especially if youre black, go see your ancestors. I went to Africa, they took me out there, I went out there for a genealogy thing. I went out there to see my ancestors. They took me out there, I did this thing. And they took me out there. They took me way out in this village, on this dirt road, all the way out to this village. They took me, and they showed me and said, These are your people. I said, Dont none of these people look like me. They done tricked my ass, got me all the way out here in the desert. I was about to leave, till one of them reminded me of my Uncle John. He was like African Uncle John. Hes like, [in African accent] Oh, my God, its so good you are here, Chris! I am so glad you are here, man. You dont know how much… we pray for this day, man. I dont know how the hell we gonna pay for this village, Chris. I said, I dont know how the hell you gonna pay for it neither, man. Well, African Uncle John, I already got an African Uncle John. Now, I brought yall some Coca-Colas and some shoes and I aint giving yall nothin else. Wheres my Jeep? Get me the hell out of this village! Get me out of here! When youre a celebrity and you go to Africa, they do special stuff for you. They have people meet you at the airport. They had a big band meet at the airport for me. They had drums, they had signs and stuff. But I was tired cause its a long way to Africa. I got there, I thought I was gonna get some sleep before everything happened. I got off the plane, I said, Im gonna get some sleep. And they was like, There he is! ? Chris Tucker ? [beatboxing] ? Chris Tucker Chris Tucker ? ? Chris Tucker ? Im like, What the hell is going on? This is so– Mmm-mmm. Hey, man. This is great, man, but I am tired, man. Could we do this a little later? [in African accent] No, please. Thats disrespectful, please dance. ? Chris Tucker ? ? Chris Tucker ? I said, Man, this shit is disrespectful. Man, I am tired. I had a 16-hour flight, man, come on now. Can we do this later, man? Take me to the hotel. We are walking to the village. Please follow me. What? My itinerary said the Radisson, man. I aint goin to no damn village. Please, Mr. Tucker, just follow us, its not far. Its only 200 kilometers… ? Chris Tucker ? ? Chris Tucker ? ? Chris Tucker ? Two hundred kilometers! I dont know how far that is, but that sound far as hell, man! Where the Jeeps at? Its not far, Mr. Tucker, dont worry. If you get tired, get on my back. ? Chris Tucker ? ? Chris Tucker ? Shit, Im tired now. ? Chris Tucker ? ? Chris Tucker ? Get my luggage! Get my luggage! ? Chris Tucker ? [audience applauding] Thank you! Stuff happens in Africa, though, you dont see nowhere else on Earth. I saw a cheetah walk through the hotel lobby. I was the only one scared, the Africans werent even scared. Im like, God damn, theres a cheetah in here! Look at that goddamn cheetah! My security guard was behind me, I said, Get in front of me, shit! Supposed to be protecting me. Anybody gonna get bit, its gonna be your ass. I was scared. The Africans werent even scared. They were over there, rubbing it, [in African accent] Oh, look at the cheetah. Look at this cheetah. What are you doing in this hotel? What are you doing? You dont belong in here. Pettin it and rubbing it, What are you doing here? You must go outside. He opened up his mouth, Look at his teeth. Look at his teeth. Look at the designs in his mouth. He kill a man one bite, he kill a man one bite. All of a sudden he slapped the cheetah on the ass to get him out of there. Get out of here! [exclaims] I was like, What the hell is wrong with him? The cheetah went crazy, he was like… [hisses] [snarls] [snarls] I ran out of that hotel so fast, I was like, Shit! That cheetah gonna kill us! And the cheetah was so fast, it ran by me, I was like, Oh, shit, the cheetah! Get my ass back in the hotel. Close the doors of the hotel! What the hell yall got the doors open for? You know cheetahs are coming in here and shit. -It only happen once a year. -Thats enough! Shit! Scared the hell out of me. Africa is great. I went on some great trips. I went to Africa one time with Bill Clinton. That was fun, we went to, like, three or four countries in Africa, and Clinton was great, man. We had so much fun. We had so many places to go, we started getting bored, sometimes we just started playing games. I started doing impressions of Bill Clinton and he started liking it. He was like, [mimics Bill] Oh, shit. That sounds just like me. That sounds– Oh, that sounds good, that sounds great. I like that. He invited me to Africa, man. He invited me, he said, Tucker, you wanna go to Africa with me? I think youll like it. Youre black, Im black. I think youll like it. Come on. Itll be fun, come on. So I started doing impressions, man. Everywhere we went, he wanted me to do him. Were at little parties at night… Tucker, come, come do me. Come do me. Come on over here. Every country we went to. Finally, I got tired, we got to Nigeria and he wanted me to do it in front of the president of Nigeria. I was scared. Shit, if I mess it up, theyd put me in jail. I just said, No, not now. And he said, Tucker! Come on, come do me. Come do me. Dont act like that, come on. I said, Mr. President, Im tired, its been a long trip. -Maybe I wont do it this time. -Tucker, come on now, I need you. I set it up now. Come on, dont let me down. You want a ride home, right, huh? You wanna ride commercial or private? You let me know, Tucker. Thats a long-ass flight home, Tucker, thats a long flight. [audience cheering] Clinton got Barack elected! Clinton came out there and said, Im telling you right now, Im going to tell you the truth. You aint gonna like this, Im gonna tell you right now. You wont be laughing after I say this. And black people, we love Clinton because Clinton knows how to break it down, wed just be listening, God damn! Well be listening like he aint supposed to be telling us. Clinton, you aint supposed to be telling that shit. We arent supposed to be hearing all this! No, Im going to tell you cause you need to know! These Republicans are crazy as hell! They tried to put me out of office. Shit! And the economy was up! They dont give a damn, thats what Im trying to tell you. Im not bullshitting you. [audience cheering] He said… [giggles] He said, Now, listen, if youre black, you should really hear this. And black people were like, What? What is it? The Republicans are trying to bring back slavery, I swear to God! Im not lying to you! He know how to rattle us. What? Vote for Barack, I bullshit you not. Do it. I told ya, Im going to break it down today. Im not gonna lie to you. He did good for Barack. Barack was like, God damn, that was good. Shit. Bill, that was a good-ass speech. I thought you was running for president, God damn. It was so good. [chuckles] You made it hard for me. How the hell Im-a follow that, Bill? [mimicking Bill] Well, do what you gotta do, bro. I told you I was going to set you up. And thats what you wanted, thats what you asked. You wanted four more years, you called on your boy Billy. Im gonna do it for you. [audience cheering and applauding] Im gonna hook you up. Ill do it right here. If Im gonna do it, Im gonna do what I do. Im not gonna mess around with ya. Barack was happy as hell. He came out there, Give me five, yeah. Thats my boy, thats my boy right here. Thats my dawg, thats my dawg, right. But Barack knew he was gonna get back in office when he got Bin Laden. Remember when he got Bin Laden? He knew it! He came out there, man, he was ready! He was in front of the White House lawn, he was ready. He said, No, no. I got this. I got this. Uh, America, la-di-da-di, we got Bin Laden. Got his ass. We got him. We got him yesterday in Pakistan, 0400 hours, I sent the SEAL team over there to get him. Matter of fact, I went with em. And I saw him. I said, Look, there he is, right there, look at him. In the window, fixin breakfast and shit, like he aint did nothing, look at him. I said, Give me the gun. Ill get him, Im the president. Shit, Ill go get him. So I went in and busted in there, I said, Bin Laden, la-di-da-di, bitch! [imitating machine gun] Lets get the hell out of here, come on. Lets get on the plane. I got some chicken on this plane, come on, lets go. Lets get the hell out of here. Thought we forgot. Shit, no.' Barack couldnt believe he won the first time, remember he won the first time? He was like, God damn, I won? Shit! Oh, shit! I was just playing, God damn. What? What the hell? Shit. I was just bullshitting. -Mr. President, come this way. -Who you talking to? -You. -Oh, shit, Im sorry. Im sorry, Im sorry. Shit. God damn, I gotta get this in my head. God damn, I was– I just wanted to find something to do, God damn. How am I gettin around? Air Force One is right over there, sir. God damn, I got a plane? Shit! Baby, come look at this shit. Michelle, we got a plane. God damn. Look at this! Sasha, Malia, go sit in captains seat. Thats your daddys plane. Go on up there. I got a goddamn plane for wherever the hell we wanna go. I love his walk. Barack even got that little African walk. African-American, African walk. Hell be walkin and drums be going off. [beatboxing] [vocalizing] Barack aint gonna put up with reporters yelling out no more, he aint gonna put up with that. He was doing the first year, they would say, Mr. President, youre a liar! Barack was like, Who said that shit? Who said that? Who said that? Come down and slap the hell out of you, who said that shit? Dont talk to me like that, Im President of the United States. Shit. Im from South Side, Chicago. Ill come down and whoop that ass. Come on, not this term, not this term. I put up with that last term, not this year. Not now. Not no more, I swear. Youre talking to Barry here, God damn it. Barry! Reporters are a trip, man. These reporters be all over the place, man, they be… White reporters will go anywhere. You never see no black reporters over in these Lebanon and shit, we dont do that. White reporters will be right over, like Anderson Cooper, all of them be over there. [mimicking Anderson] Were right here and theres a bomb right behind me. It just went off. My ass is hot. I dont know how the hell… Oh, my Lord. I dont know why Im here. Well be on the TV, black people, What the hell are you doing over there, Anderson? Get your ass out from over there! I dont wanna see your ass get blown up! Turn the channel, I dont wanna see this shit. Black reporters, we dont be going over there. They be trying to get us over there, we dont go over there. That lady will be in the newsroom, CNN, and be like, Were about to go to Tyrone. Were going to Tyrone in Libya. Tyrone? Whats going on over there in Libya? Tyrone? Where is he? Where is he, hes not showing up here. Where is he? Oh, there he is. Tyrone! Hi, Tyrone. Whats going on in Libya? I dont know. Tyrone, where are you? Im downstairs in the newsroom. Tyrone, arent you supposed to be in Libya? How come youre not there? Same reason your ass aint there, Kathy! Tyrone, youre gonna get fired for this. I dont give a damn. I quit! Shit! At least Im alive! [chuckles] Baracks the man, man! You know, they try to get him, Mr. President! Hes too smart, he went to Harvard, you know he went to Harvard. You couldnt catch him in nothin. Barack never answer a question. He always say, Look. Thats all he say. He wont answer the question. He avoid all of em, and he say, And… and… Hell do some shit like this with his thumb, I dont know. I think this means, Im-a kick your ass if you keep messing with me. Keep saying some shit like that. Keep saying it. Kick your ass. He never answers. He always say, Look. If the reporters like, Mr. President, whats going on with the job situation and the gas prices? Well… well, see… See, we… [stammers] Well, look, were looking into all that. And were gonna get to it. Were gonna… were gonna fix it. And white reporters dont play that shit. They be like, Mr. President, whats this look shit? Answer the goddamn question! Well, you see, you see what Im talking about? Yall see this, right? This is what Im talking about. We dont need this in this country and look at this shit– This press conference is over. You dont talk to me like that. This shit is over. Look at that shit, its over. Get up on this thing, lets go up in this plane, I got some chicken up on this plane. Lets get the hell out of here. Come on. He gonna be doin what he wanna do now, he aint gonna be hidin nothin. Him and Michelle are gonna be fighting in front of the White House lawn, its gonna get crazy. [audience applauding] Thats okay, if she wanna go, let her go. Let her go, if she wanna go, let her go. Thats what she wanna do, let her go. She cant take my helicopter, though. Tell her take that station wagon she came from Harvard with, take that. Gonna act like that? You know, I got all this stuff on my back. Matter of fact, if you wanna go, Michelle, take your mama. Take your mama with you. Take your mama. Sick of that. Dont wanna hear it no more. Cant take my kids, though. Sasha and Malia are staying with me. Wanna smoke a cigarette, I smoke when I want to. Stressed out. Take my helicopter… I need my motorcades and my helicopter. Im the president, I got shit to do. You know they be fussing sometime, you know. Barack be rushing her a little bit too much, rushing Michelle onto Air Force One, Come on, babe, lets go. I got some chicken on the plane. Lets get up here. Lets go. You know, Michelle come back, Dont be rushing me. I dont work for you. Shit. Barack come back, Oh, baby, come on, it aint like that, baby. Come on. Why you so mad, baby? What you gonna do? Divorce me? Take half the country? Come on, baby, dont do that. Take half the White House? Baby, come on, its not that serious, dont do that. Michelle come back, Nobody want this broke-ass country. [audience cheering and applauding] [upbeat music playing] Good night, Atlanta! I love you, God bless yall! [audience cheering uproariously] [announcer] Atlanta, Georgia, give it up for your boy, Mr. Chris Tucker! Let him hear it, Atlanta. I am a black Arab. Oh, shit! [men laughing] [inaudible] -Thanks so much. -Pleasure to meet you. Thanks so much. See you guys, man. Here, here! -Wheres Jackie? Wheres Jackie? Hes in Hong Kong. We are all sheikhs. This is Sheikh Terry. Hes so rich, he dont even know how rich he is. Thats how rich he is. How many oil fields do you have? -I dont know. -[chuckles] Hes so rich, he dont like to count his money. This is Tony. Hes so rich, he doesnt even talk. He doesnt talk, hes that rich. He dont– How rich are you? Im rich, too. I have to admit. But not like these guys. Okay, okay, I am. I own these guys. You see my Nikes. I love Americans. Some stuff American, some stuff. Abu Dhabi desert, baby! [speaking imitation Arabic] [singing in imitation Arabic] That camel said, God damn! Who the hell is on my back? He said, Who? Who had those church shoes on, on my back? Look at his shoes. [men laughing] Bond. James Bond. Im Sheikh Tucker. With my Nikes on. Sheikh Tucker wears Nikes. ? Were gettin Arab money Sheikh, Sheikh Tucker ? You ready? Were ready. You ready? Okay! You dont talk! Im ready. Hes not supposed to talk! He talked! I cant believe he talked! He must be excited. Lets go. [men laughing] Taking advantage of every moment. Every minute. Every hour. Money is not everything. Money do not bring you happiness. It only brings you trouble. Oh, shit! God damn, hes tall! Singapore! Singapore! Whoo-hoo! [indistinct chatter] [woman giggling] Whoo-hoo! [Chris in Australian accent] Here in Australia! Down under! Come with me again… ? To the land down under ?

ANJELAH JOHNSON@NOT FANCY@2015@ Ladies and gentlemen, make some noise for Anjelah Johnson! Oh, hi. Its so cool. Look at us, guys. Were here, Southern California. ? Hoo, hoo ? Um, I dont know if you guys notice anything different about me. Hey, short hair, dont care. ? Hoo, hoo ? I cut my hair, yall. You know what I noticed? People judge you based on your hairstyle. Ever notice that? Right? Cause I used to have really long hair, and Id wear it in a ponytail every day cause I didnt know how to do anything to my hair, right? So just, ponytail every day. So… people thought I was a lesbian. Hey, where all my lesties at? ? Hoo, hoo ? Thank you for coming. All my lesties. That means a lesbian bestie. Lestie. I wore my hair in a ponytail. Everybody thought I was a lesbian, right? So now I cut my hair short. So… people still think Im a lesbian. I think its more than my hair that gives off the vibe, cause sometimes Im a little tomboy, right? Like, I call everybody bro. Hey, whats up, bro? Everybodys bro, no matter who Im talking to. Hey, Anj, how was the movie last night? Bro. Bro, it was so good. Seriously, Mom, you should see it. So good. Or, like, if somebody gives me a compliment, I usually just say, Oh, thank you, right? But sometimes Im like, Oh, for real? Thats wassup. Thats wassup. Who says Thats wassup? Ill tell you. Boys, lesbians and me. Thats wassup. I am married, though. Uh, to a man, to clarify. Um, and heres the thing. My ring is fancy, right? My ring is fancy, but Im not fancy, okay? I mean, like, my chandeliers? These are some fancy chandeliers, but I rented those. I mean, like, Im not fancy. This is how fancy I am not, you guys, okay? I live in Los Angeles, so every now and then I have to go to these, like, red carpet Hollywood events where you get dressed up all nice and you walk the red carpet and they take pictures of you and they go, Anjelah, who are you wearing? Oh, uh… Forever 21! I got these at Claires right here. Theyre gold, but now theyre like rose gold. Im not fancy. Even on planes. Im not fancy on planes, you guys. Like, my husband and I just flew to Europe. And we flew first-class, but it was like a fancy first-class where, like, everybody got their own private, individual, like, spaceship-type seat and there was all kinds of buttons everywhere. So I was a little confused at first. I was like, Wait a minute. Uh… am I flying the plane? Uh, excuse me. Um… I didnt do real good in school. And, like, all I wanted to do was lean my chair back a little bit so I could relax while I was watching my movie, right? So Im trying to find the lean back a little bit button. Okay, thats it right here. Thats good. Im laying down. Ill just sit up. Its fine. This how rich people sit? It was fancy. And they had hundreds of movies for us to choose from, right? We were going to Europe, so I wanted to be prepared for all I was about to experience there. So I decided to watch the movie, Taken. Its a good movie. At one point, I leaned over to my husband. I was like, Uh, babe… dont get taken. Cause I aint gonna be able to find you. Serious, this guy is so smart… Liam Neeson. Hes, like, the smartest guy in the world. You guys, if you ever hear about me getting kidnapped, dont call the police. Call Liam Neeson, please. This guy is solving crimes from across the world on the phone. On a flip phone. He dont got a data plan, nothin. Hes gonna figure it out. Talking about, Is the wind blowing to the east? Uh, which way the east, Liam Neeson? If I ever meet Liam Neeson in person, I think Im just gonna start crying… cause that means that he found me. Told all our friends we were going to Europe, right? They started warning us right away. Like, Youre going to Europe? Watch out for gypsies. Im like, Gypsies? Whats gypsies? Like Egyptians? Are they mad at us? Did we do something to them? Theyre like, No, gypsies. They will rob you and take all your stuff, right? They got all kind of gypsies. They got old lady gypsies, little kid gypsies, sneaky squirrel gypsies. My road manager Lauren, she used to live in Europe, so she even told me… She was like, Okay, listen. If a woman comes up to you and throws her baby at you, dont catch it. Im like, Just let the baby fall? Shes like, Yeah, cause as soon as you catch her baby, all her gypsy friends are gonna stick their hands in your purse and your pockets and take all your stuff. Im like, Da-a-a-ng! Well, thats dedication. Shoot, at that point I think she kind of earned my stuff. Right? Cause, like, if youre throwing your baby at someone, thats straight dedication to the game right there. Respect. Right? Cause, like, if shes gonna throw her baby at me, shes gonna trust that, one, Im gonna catch her baby, right? And that, two, Im gonna give her baby back. You know what Im saying? Cause, like, what if she throw her baby at me and I miss? Now her baby on the floor with a concussion. Right? Or what if she got a really cute baby and I dont want to give it back? You know what I mean? Like what if its a half-Black, half-Asian baby? Im gonna keep that one. But now I have the upper hand in negotiations, right? Like, Oh, you want your baby back? Now you want your baby back. Give me my iPhone. You can keep my wallet. Ill cancel my credit cards. I need my phone book contacts. Cause I dont know anybodys phone number by heart. You guys know peoples phone number by heart? No, right? Like, I know nobody… my mom, my husband… nobodys phone number. If Im in an emergency situation and people are like, Hurry, give us your mothers phone number so we can call her, Id be like, Okay. Its Mom.' Right. Whats her phone number? M-O-M. Lets just hope they dont ask me for my husbands phone number. Hurry, give us your husbands phone number. Okay, its Pooky Boo Lover Buns. By the time we landed, I was hyped. Like, I was ready to fight somebody. Right? Every time I saw a baby, I was flinching. Just, like, punching random strangers for no reason. Id just finished watching Taken. I think everybodys trying to kidnap me. We were checking in at the hotel. The guy at the front desk, he was nice. He was like, Welcome. Would you like some help with your bags up to your room? I was like… No, gypsy. Hmm, nice try. Our first stop was Rome, Italy. It was awesome, you guys. We went to the Forum, the Vatican, the Colosseum. And, like, this trip really made me realize that I should have paid attention in school. For real, cause, like, all I kept thinking was, Man, if I didnt cut class all throughout high school, I would probably be having fun right now. I mean, but it was still cool. Even if youre not a history buff, like, it was still pretty amazing. Like, cause I was standing there in front of the Colosseum, just really, like, almost emotional, cause Im like, Dang, I cannot believe that, like, right here, years ago, is where they filmed the movie, Gladiator. You know what Im saying? Like, Russell Crowe couldve been right here. Poof! After that, we took an 11-hour train ride to Paris. Let me tell you, an 11-hour anything is terrible. To anything, like, even a massage. Everybody likes a massage. Go for an hour, maybe two hours. But 11 hours, your skin gonna fall off. And, like, I dont know what I was thinking, cause we couldve jumped on a plane and been there in like five minutes, right? But in my mind I thought it was gonna be romantic, right? I was like, Oh, lets take a train to Paris. Itll be so romantic. Like, therell be a caboose in the back where theyre dancing, wearing flapper dresses, celebrating The War Is Over.' Its not like that. If youve never been on an overnight train, let me just paint the picture for you. I almost died that night. The smell on this train was so bad, it literally almost choked me to death. Have you ever tried to hold your breath for 11 hours? I almost died. And there wouldve been nobody to charge in my murder. They would have been, Oh, my God, who killed her? Smell. Smell killed her. This is what its like. You get on the train, and they have cabins, and there are six bunk beds in each cabin. If you dont buy all six bunk beds, they just stick some rando in there with you. So good luck, okay? So this is what its like. We get on the train, and in the first cabin theres a Chinese family, then theres a Haitian family, then theres us Americans, and then theres, like, an Italian family, then a French family. Like, theres just all kind of different people, right? Like, its kind of like a buffet. Go with me for a second. Like, you know how sometimes you go to a buffet and they got the seafood and the Italian food, and then they got the Chinese food right next to the barbecue? And youre like, Wait, thats too many smells. I cant figure it out. It was kind of like that, except it was like a two-week-old buffet. Yeah, it wasnt fresh. And, like, Im not really a diva, okay? I dont consider myself a diva, but that night, it was questionable. Cause, like, I just kept trying to find somebody that worked on the train. Like, Hi. Excuse me. Hi. Um… can you point me into the direction where passengers can breathe? Yeah, similar to this, but preferably unscented. Oh, this is the only section? Oh, okay… cause we bought a first-class ticket and its not really a first-class smell. Okay. Just go back to my seat? Okay, thanks. I felt like I was being human-trafficked into Paris. I kept looking for Liam Neeson. I couldnt find him. When we got to Paris, we went to the Louvre. Thats where they filmed that movie, The Da Vinci Code. I kept trying to reenact the scenes, but they dont like it when you do that. And the bridge that you walk across to get to the Louvre is, like, the lovers bridge, right? Where you go with your lover, you get a lock, you lock it onto the bridge and then you throw your key into the river, and its supposed to be like youre locked in love forever, right? So we did that, but our lock came with two keys, so I threw one in the river. I kept one in my pocket just in case this fool act up. You know what I mean? Dont play with me. Click. It was an awesome trip. My husband and I had a great time. And some of you may know that my husband is actually a Christian rapper. Yes. Uh, most of you probably didnt even know Christian rap was a thing. Oh, its a thing. Yeah, its legit. Dont get caught sleepin on that Christian rap game, homie. His last album went triple Pentecost platinum. Booyah. My husband is a Christian rapper, right? And Im a Christian and Im a comedian, but Im not a Christian comedian. Let me explain. I dont have jokes that are like, So Matthew, Mark, Luke and John walk into a bar. Sinners. Its not my style. And, like, a lot of my comic friends, they always tell me, Oh, youre so conservative. Right? And then my Christian friends are like, Oh, youre so edgy. But, like, I just do me. You know what I mean? Like, I cant be anybody else but me. Right? Just do you and do you well. You know what Im sayin? Like, Ill tell you the truth. I love Jesus, okay? Yes, I do. But I will punch a ho. I mean, like, I dont want to. You know what Im saying? Like, I dont want to fight you. Like, if youre yelling at me, go ahead and yell at me. I dont even care. You wanna say some curse words at me, say some curse words. I dont even care. But if you are right here… in my face? Like, if our eyelashes… is braided together… I will cut… you. In the name of Jesus. Were in Southern California, so theres probably some cholos here tonight. I see you, Boo. Uh, recently I was invited to cholo church. Its kind of like regular church… but a little different. Right? Cause, like, at regular church theyre very warm and inviting. Hi. Welcome to Christ For The Nations Baptist Church. Come on in. Two of you? Okay. Its your first time here? Come sit up in the front, closer to the anointing. Up in the front. Two seats. Thank you. Two seats. Praise the Lord. Hallelujah. Its a different congregation at cholo church. The people at cholo church, the Lord has really brought them through some stuff. And by stuff, I mean 10 to 15. This is how the guy was giving the announcements when I first walked in to cholo church. Yeah, whats up, eh? Church about to get started. Im gonna have to ask yall to take your seats. If you dont have a seat, one will be appointed to you. Yeah, whats up, eh? You need some seats in the back? You need some seats? Sabes que, come right here in the front. Come right here in the front. What I say? Why you acting all scared for? Uh, youre pointing at me with your hand shaped like a gun. Its literally a handgun. But this church was legit, though. I gotta give em that. They were straight-up. They were legit. Like, when I say you could see Jesus on him, I mean literally, cause he had Him tattooed right here. Straight dedicated. My husband and I been married for three years. Thank you. Im learning a lot, you guys. Im learning about marriage, Im learning about my husband. One thing I learned about my husband is that, um… hes not real handy. Like, he dont really like to fix stuff around the house. Its not that he doesnt like to, its just that he cant. And, like, to me, a guy who could fix stuff, like, thats hot. Any ladies in here agree thats hot? Right? Thats hot. Like, you could be real ugly in the face… …but if you could fix my plumbing… …and rewire some cables… …ooh, girl, thats hot. My poor husband. He cannot fix an appliance to save our lives. Im serious. If our lives depended on my husband fixing the microwave clock for daylight savings… …we are gonna die. But its okay, cause you know what? What he lacks in handiness, he makes up for in actual hotness, cause hes real purty. Dont hate. Hes real good-looking. Hes, like, way better-looking than me. Like, in our relationship, Im the one with the good personality. Another thing Ive learned about my husband is, uh, we dont really like the same sexy-time music. Its kind of important. Cause recently my husband, hes trying to set the mood, right? Im putting on some sexy-time music. But to me, it sounded like a church song. I said, Uh, babe, what is this? He says, A love song. I said, Yeah, but Im pretty sure its a love song to Jesus. What we trying to do, get our praise on or get our freak on? Whats happenin? You trying to multitask me? Thats what youre trying to do? Listen, you guys… I have some advice, okay? Take it or leave it. Whatever you want. If you are trying to have sexy time while listening to Pandora, upgrade to the commercial-free version, please. I mean, cause the last thing you want to hear is: Hey, girl. Are you in good hands with Allstate? Well, I was in good hands. But now I just wanna pay some bills. I remember our first emergency. I had to rush my husband to the hospital because he had kidney stones. – Aww. – I know. And I had heard a while back… Somebody told me the most pain a man can ever feel is kidney stones, right? So, like, Im trying to keep that thought in my mind as Im looking at my husband who is, like, hunched over in pain, moaning, groaning, crying a little bit. Cause Ill be honest, you guys. There were a couple times where I did think to myself, like, Mm, you need to man up. Right? Cause my husband, hes over here like… Babe, it hurts! Babe, it hurts! And Im just like, Babe. Whats wrong? Whats it feel like? Like a cramp? Is it like a period? Oh, you want me to take you to the hospital. Youre funny. Just grab the heating pad. Ladies, I tried to tell him just curl up in a ball and rock back and forth. It didnt work. And the thing was, we were about to go to bed, right? And I wasnt feeling well, so I had just taken NyQuil. So Im trying to rush my husband to the hospital, dozing at the wheel. By the time we get there, hes dying in pain, Im intoxicated. The doctors trying to communicate with us, like, Uh, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Whats going on here? Um, who drove you guys here? And I was just like, Um… Your Honor? Can I say something? I drove us guys here. But I have an excuse. Im on NyQuil. Hes just a baby. So they admitted us both. Its pretty expensive. Right now everybodys talking about affordable health care, right? But, for me, my health care has always been affordable because my cousin June is my primary doctor. And, uh… Although June has never been to medical school before. She works front desk at a doctors office, so… she hears a lot. She wears scrubs to work. I trust her. Sometimes I call her for advice. Ill be like, Hey, June, Im really congested. What should I do? And shell be like, Okay, this is what you wanna do. You want to get a cup of hot water, squeeze a whole lemon into it. One teaspoon of hot sauce, one teaspoon of pepper. Itll clear you right up. Im like, Okay, first of all, this prescription sounds delicious. Im gonna be real honest with you. Im probably gonna make some extra and eat it with chips later. My problem was, I would take advice from anybody wearing scrubs just because they look smarter than me, right? I used to until I realized that theres a store in the mall where anybody could buy scrubs. You dont have to be a doctor, you dont have to show a license, nothing. You just walk in, pick your favorite color, boom, Dr. Anjelah. So Im gonna do it, you guys. Im gonna go buy myself some scrubs, okay? Im gonna use em as my pajamas. Im gonna sleep in them at night. Then Im gonna wake up early in the morning, throw on some tennis shoes, run over to Starbucks for my morning coffee where everybody keeps letting me cut in front of them in line cause they just assume I got off a late-night shift at the hospital, saving lives. Yeah. No, yeah, its a genius plan, you know, until theres an actual emergency at Starbucks. Right? Could you guys imagine that? Some guy at Starbucks lying on the ground, having a seizure? Everybodys looking at me like, Oh, thank God youre here. Right? What am I gonna do? Tell him a joke, hope he laughs his seizure away? This is what I would do, you guys, okay? I would get in real low, right, so nobody else could hear me, and Id just be like, Um… excuse me. Sir? Hi. Okay, listen. Um… these are just my pajamas. Yeah, anybody could buy them. Okay, look, Im not a real doctor, but dont worry about it cause Im gonna give it my best shot. All right, I got this. Everybody move back, please. Move back. I need some space. Everybody step back. Okay, you call 9-1-1. You, give me a skinny vanilla latte and a breakfast sandwich. You, I need a cup of hot water, some lemon and some hot sauce, stat. Then Id just start saying any word Ive ever heard on Greys Anatomy. Uh, you, uh, defibrillate his aortic valve. Another thing Ive learned, being married, is were not always gonna see eye to eye on things, you know? No, we wont. And like, for instance, okay, there is a hierarchy in the Latino culture. We dont talk about it, but its there. Theres all kinds of different Latinos, right? Mexican, Puerto Rican, Salvadorian, Cuban, Colombian, Dominican, blah-blah-blah-bian, bleh-blah-blah-bian, bleh-bleh-bleh. All kinds of us, right? And, like, my husband, hes Puerto Rican, okay? Any Puerto Ricans here tonight? Hey. All seven of Californias Puerto Ricans came out tonight. My husband, hes Puerto Rican, right? So he thinks Puerto Ricans are at the top because they have J. Lo. All right. We get it. Team Puerto Rico: one point. Well played. Me, Im Mexican, okay? Any Mexicans here tonight? So, pretty much everybody else. Okay. Im Mexican, so I think Mexicans are at the top because we have the best food. These are just facts, you guys. Google it if you want to. Were not even, like, the best in the Latino foods. Like, we jumped into regular food category. You know what I mean? Like, ask any of your friends what their favorite food is, and nine out of ten times theyre gonna go, Oh, uh, favorite food: pizza, Chinese and Mexican. They dont say Latino. Oh, I like Latino food. All-encompassing Latino food. Nah, bro, they say Mexican. Thats wassup. I mean, for the most part, people dont even know the difference between us. They think all Latinos eat Mexican food. Ask any random white guy, Hey, name a Latino dish that is not Mexican. Uh, fa-jee-tahs. No, thats Mexican. Kay-suh-dill-uh. No, thats also Mexican. Nacho Bellgrande. Thats American. Nice try. Team Mexico: one point. I may think Mexicans are at the top, but Im not the top Mexican. I still dont speak Spanish. I know. I wish I did. Any other Latinos here that do not speak Spanish? Where you at? See? Im not the only one. Air fives. Where the Latinos that do speak Spanish? Where are you guys at? Oh, congratulations. Youre better than us. I bet you put it on your résumé, too, huh? Bilingual, Spanish and English. Happy face, happy face. Well, good for you. Felicidades. I wish I spoke Spanish. I got Rosetta Stone. Ive had it on my computer since 2006. Im still on level one. Caballo, caballo, caballo. Bicicletas son verdes. Bicicletas son verdes. This is why Im still on level one, you guys. Every time I hear that little computer lady say, Bicicletas son verdes, it sounds real rhythmic, like a song. Bicicletas son verdes. So I just keep pressing the button. Over and over. Bicicletas son verd… Bicicletas son verd… Bicicle… Bicicle… Bici… Bici… Bici… Bici… ? Bicicleta ? ? Bicicleta ? ? Caballo ? ? Caballo, er, er, er ? ? Caballo ? So Im still on level one. Im not really learning Spanish, but I do have a new favorite song. Bicicletas Son Verdes. ? Pa-pa pom-pom ? A lot of times people just assume that I speak Spanish, right? Theyll just start saying Spanish words at me really fast. And I dont wanna come out right away and be like, Whoa, whoa, wait. I dont speak Spanish. Right? Cause Im ashamed of myself. So what I do is I just like to go along with the conversation as long as I can. And then, like, at the end, I just give them like a go-to Spanish phrase like, Ay, qué bueno. But it usually has nothing to do with what theyre talking about. So theyre just like, Huh? Claro que sí. Claro. No? No claro? Okay. Well, I havent learned that song yet. I still dont have kids. I still dont want kids. But I baby-sit a lot. I do. I baby-sit. My friends always ask me to baby-sit their kids. The one person in the group with no actual parenting experience. You know what? I learned that kids are smart. And by smart, I mean manipulative. They know how to get what they want. They know how to get out of trouble. I run this house. And they do. They run the house, right? Like, I was baby-sitting my godson Elijah, right? Hes four years old, right? He wouldnt eat his dinner. I said, Elijah, eat your dinner. He just grabbed his food, put it up to his mouth, and then he put it back down. I said, Uh, Elijah, I can see you. Im a real person. Youre not eating your dinner. He goes, Yes, I am. I said, Elijah, Im gonna call your mom. Im gonna tell her youre not eating your dinner. You know what he said to me? He goes, Okay. Can you tell her Im thirsty, too? What a jerk. I said, Uh, Ill tell her why I spanked you. Ill tell her that, huh? Oh, your mom doesnt do spanks? Well, shes not here, is she? And that was the last time I baby-sat him. Yeah. And my sister just had a baby last year. Hes so cute, you guys. Cutest baby in the whole wide world. I know Im biased because hes my nephew. But then theres actual facts that you can Google. So… Hes so cute, you guys. Hes half Vietnamese, half Mexican. Hes a little Vie-xican. And he has the whitest name ever… Austin Reed Williams. Ay, que guero. I know we didnt start off very Latino with Johnson, right? But my brother-in-law, whos Vietnamese, he was adopted by an all-American white family, and thats how he got the last name Williams. Like, he was born in Vietnam, they put him on a plane, flew him to America, and now hes white. Im serious. Hes the only Vietnamese person I know that listens to country music, chews tobacco and goes hunting on the weekends. He considers his camouflage shirt to be his good shirt. Oh, yeah, he has embraced Merica. Hes Vietnamese, super white, and he married a Mexican. Hes all kinds of confused. And the crazy thing is, he speaks better Spanish than my whole family does. Cause he works in construction with real Mexicans. My familys very Mexican-American, okay? We speak very little Spanish. My in-laws are super Puerto Rican. They speak very little English. But they try, okay? They try. Like, my mother-in-law will call me sometimes. Shell leave me a message on my voice mail like, Hola, mami. Its your mother-in-law. Eh, call me. So sweet. Theyre super Puerto Rican. Like, they should win Puerto Rican Of The Year award. No, theyre really good at it. Like, I dont know how they do it, but no matter what theyre talking about in any conversation, they can seamlessly bring up Marc Anthony. You can have a conversation with my father-in-law. Hell be like, Hey, the Yankees, theyre gonna be good this year. But if not, its okay. Marc Anthony, he gonna do a special on TV. Ill record it for you. My mother-in-law is very traditional, okay? She likes to drink her Pilon coffee, watch her stories, make room on the wall for another Puerto Rican flag somewhere… Or coasters, or a bath mat, or a clock. Puerto Rico everywhere. And she likes to keep up with us in our busy lives, right? So we taught her how to use Instagram and Facebook. Im sorry, Fay-book, um… Which is great, cause now sometimes Ill be going through my comments from people. Theyll be like, Hey, love your videos. When are you coming to Michigan? Hey, we were at your show last night. Had a great time. Hola, mami. Its your mother-in-law. You look too skinny in that picture. Eh, call me. So sweet. Now thats shes on social media, she loves to watch my every move. Everything I do. Like, remember when everybody was doing the ALS ice bucket challenge? Right? Well, I did one too, right? So I posted it on Instagram. My mother-in-law calls me the next day. She goes, Anjelah, I seen you ice bucket video… pero I didnt see no ice. But shes really proud of us, too. Like, shes super proud. Like, anytime were in a newspaper or a magazine, shell cut it out, put it in a frame, put it on the wall, right? Super proud. And recently I noticed that shes started printing out our Instagram photos. So now, if you come over to my in-laws house and you look on the wall, youll see a family portrait from the 1980s, a picture from my wedding day, and my lunch from eight months ago. Hashtag foodie, hashtag nomnom. Shes learning. Im getting older, you guys. Im getting older. I mean, we all are. Were all getting older. But its about me right now. Im getting older, but I dont feel it. I dont feel like Im getting older, but I am noticing myself starting to do older things, okay? Like, Im noticing, like, the questions that I ask nowadays are like old people questions. Like, What time is breakfast? Do you accept coupons? You know, stuff like that. And, like, my friend went to a wedding, right? And I feel like young people would ask questions like, Oh, you went to a wedding? Was it fun? Was there an open bar? Did you meet anybody? Right? Like, stuff like that. Me, I ask questions like, Oh, you went to a wedding? Did they let you take the centerpiece home? How about the food? What kind of food did they serve? Was it, like, buffet-style? Its the best. How about parking? Was it valet? Self-park? Ugh! Brutal. I think Im getting older because Im starting to give way too many details to things. Right? Way too many details. And I see my dad do that. He gives way too many details to stuff. Like I can ask my dad a very simple question. Hey, Dad, are you coming to visit me this weekend or next weekend? His answer should sound something like, This weekend. Or Next weekend. No, not my dad. No, you ask my dad that question, this is the answer youre gonna get: Oh, well, hey, I requested time off from my supervisor. He trying to tell me that I didnt request the time off when I know I did, and then here he goes giving Diego like two weeks off. Youre not even supposed to have two weeks at a time, right? So I said, Look, Im gonna call my union rep, okay? Sometimes if you just say union rep,  they get all scared. So I said, Look, Im gonna call my union rep. And then he goes, Fine, you can have your time off. But he almost didnt give it to me, but then he did. But he almost didnt. So… this weekend… …or next weekend? Too many details, Dad. Youre not invited anymore. I think Im getting older cause I hear people around me say things like, Turn down for what? And then I tell them what. Turn down for what? Uh, its really loud. Turn down for what? You have work in the morning. Pshh! Turn down for what? You have three kids now! It is about that time. To turn it down. ? Pa-pa pom-pom ? Anybody here ever do jury duty? Yeah? I had jury duty not too long ago. And we were one day into the trial, and all of a sudden I was released because apparently I am a terrible juror. This what happened. Um, okay, first of all, I dont know if anybody here has ever been to the movies with your black friend, okay? And your black friend likes to talk to the movies like the actors can hear them. You know what Im saying? Like, Ooh, you better run! He right behind you! He right behind you! He aint even runnin. It was a similar situation in the courtroom. This what happened. The first piece of evidence they put up on a screen is a picture of this womans face thats just, like, beat-up, bruised, swollen. You cant even tell its a woman, right? Youre supposed to see the picture, register it, and make a mental note. Well, I can make a mental note. I just have a hard time not saying my mental note. So the picture comes up on the screen and my response is: Ooh, what? Oh, hell no! Da-a-a-ang! Thats her face? But thats her face, though? Da-a-a-ang. Wait, wait, wait. Put it back up. Lawyer lady, put it up real quick, please? Oh, hell no. Uh-uh. Guilty! He did it. Thats him right there. They dont like it when you do that. Even the process to get picked to be on a jury is terrifying, right? And, like, I speak in front of people for a living. Thats what I do, right? But all of a sudden, because Im in a courtroom in front of maybe 30 people, even Im nervous, right? Cause, like, the judge is talking to me, and Im just nervous cause a judge is talking to me. I feel guilty for no reason. And the judge is asking me questions like, Juror number 11, how do you feel about scientific evidence? Scientific evidence… I didnt do very good in school. Uh, she said scientific.' I feel like I should say a big word. Um… scientific evidence… is usually presented as factual evidence in cases where certain circumstances do not provide a level of authenticity that has been derived through process of elimination, having been determined in the petri dish… …to show you that, in fact, it is scientific. So… yeah. Then the judge just starts taking notes, right? Two attorneys, they start writing notes. Im like, Uh, did I win that one? Now its the attorneys turn. Now they get to ask me questions. Juror number 11, earlier you said that scientific evidence was usually correct. I think thats what you were trying to say. Do you have much experience with scientific evidence? Um… other than Law & Order: SVU… …no, not a whole lot. Now she has to have a serious conversation with me about a TV show. In these episodes of Law & Order: SVU, has there ever been a case where the scientific evidence was proven incorrect? Um… well, I havent seen every episode… …but there was this one time where Jennifer Love Hewitt was guest-starring. And she did a good job. I thought she did real good. It was like a new role for her. It was real serious. She had to cry a lot, so I thought she did good. Anyway, there was this guy. He would follow her to work every day since she was like 16 years old, but he would rape her all the time, like every day, every day, every day, every day, every day. And like, first of all, I dont know how she didnt see him, cause even I saw him right at the beginning of the episode. I was like, Yeah, thats him walking right there. But thats cause, like, Im real good at figuring stuff out like that. Typewriter lady, dont forget to put that Im real good at figuring stuff out. Anyway, they found some DNA evidence, and they couldnt connect it to him, so then he got to go home. So do you still feel that scientific evidence is usually correct? Ohh. I see what you did. Wait a minute. Have I seen you on an episode one time? Cause I do watch Law & Order: SVU all the time, you guys. And its got me thinking that not only am I a terrible juror, but Id probably be a terrible police detective as well. Because, like, they show these detectives… Olivia Benson, right? Yeah. Detective Stabler, Detective New Hot Latino Guy. Right? And they show em in these adrenaline-pumping situations, right? Theyre chasing a perp down an alley. All of a sudden, they trip and fall. They just get back up and start chasing him again. Has anybody here ever fallen before? It hurts… you guys. If I trip and fall down, Im staying down. For a while. Rubbing my knee. I will be the cop that calls in like… Officer down! Officer down. Are you shot? No, but I need some Neosporin! Hurry! Theres little rocks in it! To be a good cop, you have to know your north from your south, your east from your west. Youve seen the episodes, right? Suspects heading southbound on First Street. This would be my call: Suspect made a left. Uh, north or south? Definitely not to the right. Uh, in which direction? Towards McDonalds. They show em chasing this perp into a dark, empty warehouse, right? They have their gun out. All of a sudden, this guy just pops out of nowhere, and their response is: NYPD! Freeze! Where, like, my response would be: Boom! Who was that? But now he cant tell you who he was. Id probably be a terrible 9-1-1 dispatcher. God forbid you have to call 9-1-1… and I answer the phone. 9-1-1. Whats your emergency? Theres a guy trying to get in your house? Well, did you lock the door? You didnt lock the door? Well, that was dumb, huh? I mean, like, you dont watch movies or… No… Yeah, no, Im sending the cops. They are on their way, but its gonna be, like, 15 minutes. You better find a hiding spot. And dont get under the bed. They always look there first. When I first started doing stand-up, I got kind of famous on YouTube for this joke about getting my nails done. Oh, youve heard it? Its… Its crazy cause, like, when this video first came out, I had no idea it was gonna blow up like that. Like, so many people have seen this video to the point where now I get scared when I walk into a nail salon. Cause, like, I dont want them to recognize me and then, like, cut my finger on purpose. But then blame it on me like it was my fault. Honey, relak your hand. You want to wak your eyebrow? Uh, no, thank you. Honey, you need to wak. I lie your eye sadow. It look nice. Your eye sadow. Look down. Look down. I lie the sadow. Now sometimes the girls that are getting their nails done, they recognize me. Like, Hey, youre the girl that does the nail salon… Mm, no! What, are you crazy? Right? Cause, like, one time I was getting my pedicure done, and the lady that was doing my pedicure, she said to me: What your name? And it wasnt like your typical friendly greeting, like: Hi, honey. How you do? How you mom? It was different. It was very like: What your name? I said, Anjelah. And she goes, That what I thought. Oh, shoot. Vietnamese people have YouTube. I started getting all nervous. She could tell I was getting a little uncomfortable, so she goes, Dont worry, I dont tell nobody. Oh, thank you. Besties! People always ask me, like, Howd you learn to do that accent? Who taught you how to do that? Right? Well, I grew up in a place called San Jose, California. Its the Bay Areas Westminster, okay? So I grew up eating pho. Do you guys eat pho? Right? So I grew up eating pho. And I would put all kind of chili sauce in my pho… cause Im Mexican. So I put all kind of chili sauce in my pho, and the lady that worked there, she would get mad at me cause she thought I was just playing around and wasting all her sauce. So she would yell at me. Shed be like: Dont put the too mut the sah! If you put the too mut the sah, you met the whole thing up. If you do the sah, you do the one tam. You do sah, no sah. Sah, no sah. Mah-mah say, mah-mah sah, mah sah, no sah. If you met the whole thing up, you dont get to take back. She dont get to take back! And when that joke first came out, a lot of people loved it, right? But some people hated it… and I started getting hate mail from people. Aww. Yeah. Like, I would get a letter. And you could tell it was written by a Vietnamese person. Cause, like, I would read a letter and itd be like… If I see you in the street… …you dont want that to happen. Oohhh! Then it started getting real crazy, right? I started getting death threats. One time after a show, this Vietnamese guy, he was so mad at me, he yelled at me, he cussed at me. But he didnt cuss correctly. He come up to me real mad. He was like… What the fut? Real mad. F-U-T. What the fut? I was like, Mm, sir, I dont even know if that counts. Im Anjelah Johnson. Thank you guys so much for coming out to my show. I appreciate you. I love you. Thank you so much. Have a good night.

AZIZ ANSARI@LIVE IN MADISON SQUARE GARDEN@2015@Thank you so much. Thank you very much, New York. Holy shit. This is Madison Square Garden. Oh, my God. Bring the house lights up for a second. Lets just see everybody here a second. Bring the house lights up. Thank you. Thank you so much to all 12,000 of you predominantly white people that showed up tonight. I really– No, theres minorities in the mix. Im just kidding. Yeah. Uh, Im a… Im a minority, and I am… Yeah, I am the first generation in my family that was born in America. Anybody else first-generation people? Yeah? Clap, yeah? Yeah! Pretty amazing thing our parents did, right? They came to this country. They maybe didnt know anyone, maybe didnt even speak the language, and they figured it out. Very brave, courageous thing. And I feel like we never sit down and thank them for it. And we should, cause thats such an amazing thing, you know, for someone in your family to at some point, to just be like, You know what? Fuck China! Lets get out of here. Lets go. Lets get out of here. Im tired of living in this village. Lets go. Lets go. Lets move to America. Ive seen photos online, it looks dope. Lets go. Lets go. Cause you know they had friends that were dicks that were like, What? You cant move to America. You dont know anyone there. You dont speak the language. What are you gonna do for work? I dont know, man. Well figure it out. Worst-case scenario, well cook food and well sell it to white people, okay? You got a Masters degree in Chemistry. You dont know how to cook. They dont know what Chinese food tastes like! Ill just put some chicken in a box with some orange sauce and Ill serve it to em. Ooh! What are you gonna call that dish? Orange chicken? Yeah! Maybe I will call it orange chicken! Maybe Ill call it Number 36. Well see! Pretty amazing, though, right? Like, all those stories, theyre amazing to me. Amazing stories. I hear immigrants say stories like, Oh, I came to Brooklyn with $20 in my pocket. Thats incredible. Is our generation that amazing? I dont think we are. I dont think were as amazing as our parents are. I dont think we can pull that kind of shit off. Like, could you imagine if you sent me to Brooklyn with $20 in my pocket? Id get there the first day and be like, Oh, man, Im out of money! I just bought too much fresh pressed juice! Guess I gotta move back. Hey, Dad. Yeah, Im coming back to India, huh. Things didnt work out here. Uh, I made a bad investment in juice. My parents told me a little bit about their struggles. They moved to South Carolina. Thats where they chose– Yeah! Cause they were trying to find a place that combined racism… and horrible public schools… and theyre like, Ooh, South Carolina! Youre right in the middle of this very unnecessary Venn diagram. Lets do this! And, you know, they told me a little bit about it. And, you know, my mom told me her first day in America was the scariest day of her life. And I was like, Wow, why do you say that? Shes like, Well, I got here. I didnt know anyone. I was so far away from my friends and family. Uh, I barely even knew your father. They had an arranged marriage and shed known him for, like, a week at that point. This is serious. And she said she got here and shes in this small apartment, its empty and she didnt know what to do, and she felt so scared. I was like, What did you do that first day? Shes like, I didnt know what to do. I was all alone. Your dad was at work the whole day. And I just sat on the couch and I cried. I was like, Oh, thats so sad. How did you get through that? And shes like, It was just one of those moments where I just knew I had to be brave and figure it out. You ever had moments like that, Aziz, where you were so scared, but you knew you had to be brave and figure it out? And I was like… No! My life is super easy cause you did all the struggling. So, my shits really easy. Im not gonna have any struggles to tell my kids about. Whats my story gonna be like? Oh, son, once, when I was flying from New York to LA… my iPad died. My kid will be like, Fuck you, Dad. Were teleporting to Mars! My dad told me a little bit about his struggles. My dads a doctor. And he said when he first got here, it was very hard cause the head of the hospital was very racist and would never send him patients. Hed always send patients to another doctor that lived three hours away. And I was like, Oh, that stinks. How did you figure that out? And he said, Well, what eventually happened was the head of the hospital got very sick and he had a stomach problem. My dad is a stomach doctor. And so he called for my dad. Hes like, Oh, send that Indian guy in. I dont want to go to the guy three hours away. And my mom was like, You shouldnt go. That guys racist, he never sends you patients. Why should you go? My dad was like, No, Im gonna go, cause I think we need to be the bigger people here. So my dad goes and he starts treating the guy. And then my dad poisons him and kills him. And then my dad became the head of the hospital. And thats what you gotta do when youre an immigrant! Handle your shit! Kill some racist motherfuckers if you need to! How many of you guys– Clap if you dont eat meat. Anyone here not eat meat? Clap if you dont eat meat. Okay. Now, clap if you dont eat meat cause, um, you saw a documentary or you read a book that freaked you out about the meat industry. Clap if thats the situation. A few people. Now, clap if youve just seen that stuff in general. Like, video of a factory farm or read something that, like, freaked you out about the food industry. Clap if youve seen that stuff, yeah? Thats a lot of people. Now, clap if you saw that stuff and youre like, Oh, my God, thats disgusting. Its cruel, its inhumane. The government definitely needs to properly regulate the meat industry. Theres no excuse for this. The government definitely needs to properly regulate the meat industry. But, in the meantime… I kinda still gotta eat meat cause I dont want to feel weird and hungry all the time. Isnt that so frustrating? Cause no one wants to support that stuff. But you know what the problem is? Salads need to step their game up, okay? Like, salads arent bringing it hard enough. Vegetables arent bringing it hard enough. If food is a basketball game, meat is killing it. Meat is just like, Ribs! Fried chicken! Steak! Meanwhile, vegetables are like, Uh, does anyone want any cauliflower? What about some snow peas? Does anyone like Brussels sprouts? Yeah, Ill take those Brussels sprouts and Ill wrap em in some bacon! Thats how powerful meat is, right? You go into a kitchen, you smell bacon and go, Are you cooking bacon right now? Is that bacon youre making right– Is there any way you have a second piece of bacon that I could eat as well? Is there any… No ones ever walked into a kitchen like, Are you steaming carrots right now? Are you steaming carrots? I can smell the steam from the other room. Is that some broccoli and cauliflower? Are you making a medley right now? Are you making a motherfucking steamed vegetable medley right now? Oh, dont tell me thats brown rice in that bowl! Dont tell me thats brown rice! You better fix me a plate now! Even if you dont eat meat, even if youre just eating vegetables, do you know everything that goes into the vegetables? Theres all this messed-up stuff with vegetables, too, like child labor and all these issues. Like, how come every vegetables always in season, right? Every vegetables always in season, right? You never go to the grocery store and theyre like, We dont have asparagus at the moment. Theyre just not growing. No, no, no. They have everything all the time. Cause if its not growing here, they just go to South America, and theres some guy with a sword going up to little kids like, Dígame, dígame! Pick the asparagus! Pick it! Pick it! Pick it! People in America need to eat it and see if it really makes their pee smell weird! Just never google how anything you consume is created. Just never google it, cause its always gonna bum you out. I used to buy this orange juice called Simply OJ, cause Im dumb and I see words like simple and natural, and Im like, Mmm, okay, well, clearly, there must be a grandma squeezing oranges into a bucket, and, you know, then she pours that in a little bottle. No, no, no, no, no. Thats what was happening for, like, three months, and then Coca-Cola bought the company. They slit the grandmas throat… and now a bunch of little Asian kids just jizz into a banana peel, and thats Simply OJ. Something like that. I cant… quite remember the specifics, but… something like that. Everything, man! Eggs! You know how they make eggs? This is how they make eggs, okay? They genetically engineer two different types of chicken. One type of chicken is called the layer chick. Just lays eggs, right? And they have another type of chick called a broiler chick. This is the chicken they, like, pump up with a bunch of hormones so it has, like, huge breasts and legs, and thats the one they use for the meat. And Im reading this, Im like, Well, what happens to the male layer chicks? They serve no purpose, right? They cant lay eggs. They cant be used for meat. What happens? They just get murdered! In insane ways. Like, theyll take all the male layer chicks and theyll throw em into a big chicken woodchipper. Um, another thing theyll do is theyll put em in a big plastic vat and just put a lid on it and suffocate em to death. And, yeah, its a bummer. Like, none of us is into that. Like, wed all check No on that box. But the problem is, this kind of information, this kind of footage, it just hasnt been seen in the right context to elicit the kind of mass outrage that would actually result in some changes, you know. Right now, its in these obscure documentaries or books or whatever. But what if it was in a different context? Like, what if there was a CNN camera crew that did a raid at rapper Ja Rules house? And they saw he had a big plastic vat where he was just suffocating chickens to death. Wed all be like, Ja, you monster! What are you doing? And hed be like, Im sorry, I just wanted some eggs! I had to make ethical compromises in order to achieve economies of scale! ? Its murda! ? Ill admit, when I first wrote that joke, I was like, But will people remember Ja Rule? Oh, how foolish I was! If youre not familiar with Ja, um… he had a strange string of hits a few years ago, where… every song followed this very strange formula where theyd have a woman with a very beautiful voice, like Jennifer Lopez or Ashanti, and they would sing the hook. And then Ja would come in and sound like someone that was getting stabbed in the stomach through their ulcer. Like, every single song was just like, ? R-U-L-E ? ? Whats my motherfucking name? ? ? R-U-L-E ? ? And what am I doing here? ? I feel like I gotta do that whole bit on a talk show or something. Cause whenever you do a bit like that on a talk show, the person always gets in touch with you. So I feel like I have to do it, just so I can get that amazing phone call one day, where its just like, Aziz? – Yeah. Who is this? – Ja Rule, baby! Saw the way you integrated me into that bit about factory farming in the egg industry! I never knew that shit! Im never eatin meat again! You know where I can get some more literature on this subject? Maybe a pamphlet on how to adjust to a vegan or vegetarian lifestyle? ? Put it on me! ? Soon, Ja starts getting really passionate about the cause. He starts filming his own PSAs. Every day, millions of chickens are living in tiny cages the size of a piece of paper. Theyre shittin all over each other in these disease-ridden factory farms. This is the meat were puttin in our mouths! This is the meat were puttin in our childrens mouths! If you think the government should probably regulate the meat industry, ? Holla, holla! ? Guys, if only you knew how long its taken me to find the perfect stand-up bit to showcase my frustrations with the meat industry… and my flawless Ja Rule impersonation… then youd know my struggle. You know what Ive realized recently? Creepy dudes are everywhere… and theyre so much more prevalent than I ever realized. And it really sucks, cause women have to worry about creepy dudes all the time. And its very unfair because men never worry about creepy women. Like, men never are concerned about creepy women. Thats not a thing. Theres never been two dudes, walking alone, late night in a park, like… – Hey, man, I think we should speed up. – Why, whats going on? Im pretty sure that woman behind the tree is masturbating to us! Oh, God! Oh, God! Should we get a cab? Should we just keep running? Ahh! No two dudes have ever faced that dilemma. Theres never been a dude whos told a story like this, Yeah, so Im at the club, like, minding my own business, right? And then this creepy woman comes up to me. Shes like, Hey, can I buy you a drink? Im like, No, Im fine. Let me buy you a drink. No, Im fine. Shes like, Let me buy you a drink! Im like, Okay, okay, okay. And so, you know, she buys me a drink and I take a sip to be polite, and then shes just like… thats a nice set of balls you got down there. What do you think about me sucking on one of those bad boys later? And I was like, Uh, thats quite all right. And shes like, Oh, but youll drink the drink, though! Youll drink the drink, though! To be clear, I cant suck the balls, but youll drink the drink, though! Youll drink the drink, though! Youre twisted! Ladies, lets get out of this club! Dudes here are busted!' No dude has that story. No dudes ever barged up into his friends apartment in a panic, like, Oh, my God! Dude, Im so sorry! I didnt know where else to go! This is so crazy! Oh, my God! Im so freaked out right now! Oh, my God! Oh, my God! I was walking down Third Avenue, and this woman just whipped her pussy out at me. And she just started chasing me like, Ahh! Do you wanna touch it?' No guy here has any story like that. No guy here has any story like that. Every woman in here has at least three stories like that. I promise you, they do. Creepy dudes are everywhere, man. Theyre on the Internet. Oh, they love the Internet so much! Such a great showcase for them. Its really startling if you look at the difference between the way men are treated on the Internet and women are treated on the Internet. You know, me as a guy, lets say I tweet something like, Hey, guys, Im doing a show in Phoenix. Get tickets! I might get a mean tweet, where some guys like, Oh, yeah? Im never coming to Phoenix, cause you suck! Yeah, I got him. I did it, yeah! If a woman tweets that, though, her mean tweet will be different. Like, if a woman tweets, Hey, Im doing a show in Phoenix. Get tickets! Her mean tweet will be like, Oh, yeah? Instead of going to Phoenix, why dont you come to Buffalo and suck my dick? Yeah! I got her! I did it, yeah! Lets go watch Transformers again! Pshh! No women are harassing me like that. Women just dont harass dudes in that way. I never get tweets like that. No women are ever writing me stuff like, Oh, hey, Aziz, I bet you give good head! Yeah! Suck my pussy, Aziz! Suck my pussy, Aziz! No women are out there writing me like, Oh, hey, Aziz, I wanna take your head and squeeze it in between my titties till your beard pops off. Yeah! No women are saying that. No women are out there like, Oh, Aziz, youre putting out a new stand-up special? Why dont you put your fingers in my pussy instead? Finger me, Aziz! Finger me, Aziz! Lets go watch Dirty Dancing on Blu-ray! Pshh! No women are saying that cause, in general, women dont do dumb shit like that. Thats not a thing they do, really. Men do this shit all the time, and its so dumb. I did a show with a female comedian once. She got on stage and the first thing that happened is some idiot in the front just yells, Take it off! If youre a dude, never yell, Take it off. Unless a woman has placed a tarantula or a scorpion on one of your shoulders, theres no reason for you to yell, Take it off! Ive seen dudes yell Take it off in a strip club! She has a routine planned. Shes trying to tease you, you dumb motherfucker! What would you rather her do? Just, like, walk out there completely naked? Another thing… Another thing creepy dudes do… theyll just follow women. You know what Im talking about? Like, theyll just see a woman and be like, Okay! And just follow em around for, like, a really long time. Terrifying. Raise your hand if youre a woman and youve ever been followed around by a creepy dude. Raise your hand high! Raise it really fucking high! Everyone just look around and see how many hands are raised right now. Yeah, thats way too many people. That should not be happening. One woman told me she eventually got rid of the guy by walking into a pet store where you needed to get buzzed in. Im not sure why this pet store had such intense security… but, um… she said, she went in there and said, Hey, theres a creepy guy following me. Dont buzz him in. Theyre like, Okay. And she said she just waited there until he left. And I was like, Wow, how long did you have to wait? And she was like, Mmm, 45 minutes. Forty-five minutes of her day gone cause this creep decided to follow her. God! But I get it, man, you gotta be safe. These guys are crazy. You never know, they may follow you to your home or your apartment where you live. And if youre a creepy dude doing that, whats your dream scenario at that point? Like, whats your best-case situation? Like, what do you thinks really gonna happen? Like, the womans just gonna get to her door and just turn around, just like, So… are you just gonna stand there… or are you gonna come up and fuck me? Thats never happening. Thats never happening! Theres a greater chance of a tornado grabbing a woman and blowing her into your penis than there is of you somehow seducing a woman that way, you fucking creeps. What can you do for real, though, man? One woman told me a story that was kind of cool. She said, one time, she had a creepy guy following her and, uh, she saw another dude that she thought was like a good dude, and said, Hey, can you pretend to be my boyfriend? I think theres, like, a creepy guy following me. Can you pretend to be my boyfriend? And the guy did it. And it helped her out and the creepy guy went away. I was like, Oh, man, thats really cool, right? She had faith that this other guy would be a decent human being. And he was, and he rose to the challenge and it helped her out, you know? I would do that. If any woman in here was like, Hey, Aziz, could you pretend to be my boyfriend? I would do that shit, I would get into it. Id be like, I got this! Whats the situation? Theres a creepy guy following me. – Where is he? – Hes right behind us. Oh, fuck! Hes really creepy. Hes rather large as well. Are you sure we shouldnt be seeing other people? Just kidding, I got this. What are you gonna do, Aziz? Oh, Im gonna beat the shit out of this guy! – Really? – Yeah. But first, I need to run a quick errand. – What is it? – I gotta buy a dog. Lets go in this pet store and wait about 45 minutes. Clap if youre in a relationship right now. Relationship folks. You know what I love about relationship people? I love how they tell the story of how they met their person. You know what Im talking about? Its a very specific type of storytelling where its like, Oh… …and weve been together ever since. Thats like a fun way to tell a story, right? But I dont think its fair that frustrated single people cant share their stories in the same manner, right? Like, those are more relatable stories. Like, I would love to hear a woman tell a story like this, So, Rachels like, Come get a drink. Come get a drink. Come get a drink. Im like, No, Im not coming out tonight. Shes like, You never come out. How are you gonna meet someone if you never come out? So, Im like, Fine! So, we go to the bar and theres this really cute guy. Hes sitting by himself and hes drinking a whiskey. And Rachels like, Go talk to him. Go talk to him. Im like, No, Im not saying anything. And shes like, You go talk to him or Im gonna talk to him for you. So, Im like, Fine. So, I walk over… and I go, Hey, are you waiting on someone? And he goes, Yeah, Im waiting on my girlfriend. So, I sat back down… and I havent seen him ever since! Thats a story we can all relate to, right? Or what about a story like this, So Bryans like, Come on, man. Lets go to one more bar. Lets go to one more spot. Im like, Im pretty beat. I think Im just gonna call it. Its like 3:45 in the morning. Im gonna go home. Hes like, No, no, no, no. This is a late night spot. Theres always girls there. You never know, you never know, you never know. So, Im like, Fuck it. So, we head to the bar and, uh, it was closed. Guess it was a slow night, so, uh, that was that. Or what about a story like this? So, me and her, weve always been really close, but, you know, nothings ever happened, never hooked up or anything, just been friends. And were out this one night, shes just broken up with her boyfriend and were having a couple of drinks, and it starts getting a little flirty. Then it starts getting a little touchy-feely. Next thing you know, were back at my place and were having sex. And this is, like, amazing sex. Its been, like, pent-up for years. And its one of those things that just felt right, you know? And at one point, she just looks me right in the eyes and she just says, I dont think we should do this! So… I pulled my penis out… we went to sleep, and its been an awkward situation for… itll be a year in August. Those are the stories we can relate to. Being in a relationship, its tough. Its a lot of work. But I think being single is even harder, especially right now. Very odd, frustrating time to be a single person. And I like the idea of being single in theory. But what does that mean? You meet a bunch of different people, you get to know em, you find someone you really connect with, hmm, maybe pursue something more serious. That sounds good, I would sign up for that. But thats not what being single is anymore, right? This is what being single is now, Hey, it was great meeting you. We should get together sometime. Yeah, thatd be great. Be in touch. – All right. Bye. – Cool. Hey, whats up? You wanna grab some drinks tonight? Yeah, yeah, Im with some friends in this neighborhood. Oh, cool. Well be down there soon. – Cant wait to see you. Cool. – All right. Bye. Hey, whats up? Were almost there. Shit, we just left. Why? Whyd you just leave? Isnt that a rude, shitty thing to do? You invited me somewhere and then you left before I got there. Maybe well meet up tomorrow. Tomorrow is perfect. Text you later and make a plan. – All right. Bye. – Cool. Hey, whats up? Should we grab those drinks tonight? Oh, drank way too much last night. Gonna stay in today. Thats not what was discussed yesterday! Would you like a transcript of our conversation? You may scroll up on your phone. Maybe we can meet up on Thursday. Thursdays perfect. Text you later and make a plan. – All right. Bye. – Cool. Hey, whats up? Its Thursday. Should we get together tonight? And thats what being single is now. All that garbage. Thats what it is a lot of times. Its pretty much like youre a secretary for this really shoddy organization… trying to schedule the dumbest shit with the flakiest people. And Ive realized this flakiness, it doesnt even have to do with dating or anything. Its actually a symptom of a bigger problem we all have. You know, were all part of the rudest, flakiest group of people ever. Like, if youre alive right now and you have a phone, youre a rude, shitty person. You just are. Like, has anyone here tried to make plans with anyone in the past couple of years? Has anyone tried to make plans with anyone? Its the most frustrating experience. Cause what happens anytime you ask someone to do something nowadays? Its like, Hey, you wanna do this fun thing? Maybe. Maybe, I could try. We could see about… maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe. No one wants to commit to shit. Cause theyre terrified that something better is gonna come along. It is so rude. Why do we do this? I think its cause were also part of the least lonely generation, the least isolated generation, you know? It used to be a big deal when you finally got to see your friends in person, right? Nowadays, its not as much, cause youre always connected with your friends, youre always– Wherever you are, work, school, whatever, youre always texting, e-mailing, joking around. So, when you see them in person, its not as big a deal as it used to be. You know, now its like, Oh, man, its so good to see you. I just went on this crazy vacation! I know, I saw all the pictures. Leave me alone. It used to not be like that. It used to be a big deal when you saw your friends, right? Think about what youd be doing, like, 40 years ago, you know. Think about what that would be like. What youd be doing, like, on a Thursday night. You know, youre just sitting in your house, by yourself… youre in a wooden chair… eating a can of beans. You have nothing. Youre not connected to anyone. No entertainment. Oh, uh, maybe Ill listen to some music. All right, just the music you own, or you can sit around and hope a song you like comes on the radio, and then grab a cassette and run over like a little bitch. Oh, I missed the beginning! Maybe youll stay in and watch a movie. All right, whats it gonna be? Home Alone, Jurassic Park or Mrs. Doubtfire? Thats all you have. You have nothing! And then, in the corner of the room, you have your one outlet to the outside world, right? Your landline. And if you were lucky, at some point it would ring and youd be like, Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Hello! Who is this? Phil, thank you so much for calling. What would you like to do? That sounds great! Ill see you there at 8:00. And you would be there at 8:00. And Phil would be there at 8:00. And if Phil wasnt there by 8:15, youd be like, Oh, my God! Phil is dead. Phil has died! We were supposed to see Police Academy and now hes dead! Cause that was the only polite way to cancel on people back in the day. You had to die. Now what do your shitty friends do? Theyll call you like an hour before. Hey, you know, Im feeling kind of tired. So, I think Im just gonna stay in tonight. Oh, youre tired? What, were you doing a bunch of manual labor? Were you, uh, building a habitat for humanity? Or… No, I just did one of those online surveys that tells you what character you are from a particular TV show. And Ive done, like, seven of them, so Im feeling kind of tired. And, you know, Im just so tired, I dont feel like driving and everything. Hold up! Youre too tired to drive? The car moves. You dont do shit, you just sit there. How is this a valid excuse? Did you recently purchase a Flintstones -type vehicle where you need to run along? I dont believe you did. So now, when you make plans, you got to remember how flaky everyone is, right? You got to factor that in. You got to change your approach. You know, you look at my phone on a Sunday, when Im trying to find someone to get brunch with, I look like a psychopath. Its just like, Hey, you wanna get brunch? Hey, you wanna get– Hey, you wanna– Hey, you wanna– Hey, you wanna– Hey, you wanna– And its this weird list of my best friend to the shittiest person Id eat pancakes with. But I get it. I get it, man. I understand why were like this. We all have the same nightmare. You know the nightmare. The nightmare is you do commit to doing the thing with Phil, right? And you get there, like, This is fun, Phil. Im glad I came. Were getting to catch up and stuff. Its good. Then you get that phone call. Dude, where are you? Biggie and Tupac faked their deaths. Theyre doing a show right now. I have an extra ticket. Where are you? Im upstate picking apples with Phil! We all have that nightmare, and I do think theres a new thing, where we always want the best, you know? Whatever were doing, we wanna do the best, funnest thing. Whatever were buying, we want the best. We have all these options, and we have all this information at our fingertips to research it. And we always want the best. Why not have the best? And a lot of times its very useful, right? I made some more educated decisions in my life. But, at a certain point, doesnt that stuff become debilitating? Like, now its gotten to the point where before I make any choice or decision in my life, I have to google something to make sure Im not fucking it up. You know what I mean? Like, the other day, I had to get a toothbrush. Before I left my house, without even thinking about it, I googled, Best toothbrush. Thats right, Im about to get the best toothbrush. Why? Why do I need the best toothbrush? Every other toothbrush I bought on a hunch has been fine. Like, what is the big fear now? Have you ever run into someone with no teeth, and be like, What happened? Bought the wrong toothbrush. Shouldve done more research! And when you take these kind of mentalities and you throw em in the dating world, things get crazy, man. Things get really weird, you know. You people that are married, been in long relationships, you have no idea what its like out there right now. Everything has changed. Take your most basic problem as a single person. What is it? You like someone, they dont like you back. Or the reverse, someone likes you, you dont like them back. Okay, at one point in time, that used to be kind of a weird thing. It was awkward, it was a conversation, it was something you had to deal with, right? Now, what do people do? Someone likes you, you dont like em back? Just pretend to be busy forever. Thats what people do now. They pretend to be busy forever, and then they conduct this strange psychological experiment, where its like, Mmm, how much hope does this person have? How many times do I need to pretend to be busy before they realize this many scheduling conflicts is statistically impossible… and something else is going on? Now, look, I dont think its coming from a bad place. I think youre trying not to hurt someones feelings, right? What are your other options? Um, you could say nothing and give people silence. Or you could just be honest with them. Those are your big three options, right? Clap if what you do is pretend to be busy. Clap if thats your move. Okay. Id say thats my move as well, okay. Clap if what you do is, you say nothing. You give people silence. Okay, and finally, clap if youre just honest with people. Okay, now lets say the situation is reversed and someone else is dealing with you. How do you prefer they handle the situation? Clap if you prefer that they pretend to be busy. All right. Clap if you prefer that they say nothing, that they give you silence. Why the fuck would you prefer that? This is a hypothetical thing. Thats your preference? Youre into confusion? Sorry, this isnt a good way to do polls. I shouldnt shit on people after certain responses. I apologize. And finally, clap if you prefer that theyre just honest with you. Id say Im in that camp as well. Well, well, well, I think our findings are pretty clear, right? Were all really shitty people. Whenever were dealing with others, were like, Im gonna pretend to be busy. I dont wanna say anything. When other people are dealing with us, were like, Why must we all play these games? Cant we all just be honest with one another? And the other thing is, we all say we prefer honesty, myself included, but can we really handle honesty, you know? I talked to a woman once, shes like, Oh, Im just honest with people. I dont mess around. Im just honest with people. I was like, Really? All right. Im a guy, I ask you out for dinner, you dont wanna go, what would you say? She said, I would say, Im not interested in getting dinner with you.' And on one hand, thats really nice, right? Theres no games there, you know exactly where you stand, youre not wasting your time. On the other hand, though, could you imagine actually receiving a text like that? Hey, you wanna get dinner sometime? Im not interested in getting dinner with you. God damn! What are you, a demon? Thats the meanest, coldest shit anyones ever said to me, okay? Im a person. I have feelings, okay? Im just a fellow human being that wanted to break bread with you and get to know you a little better. Is that such a horrifying situation? I was basically like, Hey, you want some free food? Youre like, Not if your presence is involved. You got a gift certificate? Ill go with my friend. I dont know what the best way to deal with it is, man. I do think its tough. I do think silence might be the worst, though. Silence to me seems like the rudest, most cowardly way to handle a situation. And its also the one that hurts the other person the most, right? Weve all been on the other end of that. Thats the worst, man. The worst is when you meet someone youre really into and you feel that connection. You know what Im talking about? When you meet that person… Oh, my God. We both felt that. No games this time, deep connection. No games, deep connection. No games… deep connection. You send the first text, youre all confidence. Forget about it, its done. Wrap it up, put it in a bag, write my name on it… cause its done. Twenty minutes later, no response. Okay, well, Im sure shes just busy with a couple of things, and any minute now… Three hours later, Fuck! I put too many exclamation points in my text! What was I thinking? I should have said Hey with two Ys,  not three Ys. Im so stupid! Three hours earlier. Youre looking up vacation packages on Orbitz, youre planning birthdays, holidays, a whole life together. And now its all gone away, and you have no idea why. And this is when people start going crazy. Cause in the past, lets say youre in a situation like this, someone doesnt call or write you back, you get over it with time, right? Out of sight, out of mind. The problem now is, we dont give ourselves the luxury of out of sight, out of mind. Cause what happens now when you get into one of these situations? We all become detectives. We start opening up tabs: Facebook, Twitter, Instagram. All right, lets see every single thing this motherfuckers doing instead of texting me back. GPS on screen two! Instagram on screen three! Lets see what theyre looking at right now! And its a brutal thing to do to yourself. You should not do it because, ah, youre in the most vulnerable position, right? You put yourself out there. Youre like… ? I like you, baby You like me ? Any guy or girl in that situation, thats what theyre feeling. And youre just waiting for something to put your heart at ease, but instead, youre getting nothing. Then you go on the Internet, youre reading stuff like, Mmm, eating ice cream and watching Dexter. Hash mark, I really need a man. What? I just asked you out! You know I follow you! You know Im reading this. What kind of evil is inside of you? And it seems like an area where we could all be a little bit more thoughtful, right? Uh, cause, look, anytime someone asks you out, whether its a guy asking a girl or girl asking a guy, whatever the scenario, that person is paying you a huge compliment, right? Theyre basically saying, Hey, out of the infinite number of things I could do with my time, what Id like to do is spend some time with you, cause I think theres something special about you, and Id like to get to know you better and see if theres a connection there. Thats a very nice thing for someone to say, I feel like you should respect that a little bit. So, maybe dont post your dumb photos and stuff up. Like, you wouldnt treat people that way 20, 30 years ago. Twenty, 30 years ago, if someone asked you out and you werent interested, you wouldnt send a package to their house, Heres some photos of me and my friends at the beach. Heres a photo of a puppy I saw on the street. Heres a bunch of photos of me and some other guy. Am I fucking him? Maybe. Why dont you think about that for a few hours? So, thats it, man. Anyone here thats single, they have some version of that nonsense in their phone, right? Clap if youre single and you met someone in the past few days, past week or so, and youve been texting back and forth. Clap if thats your situation. Clap right now. Okay… If youre in that situation, do me a favor right now. Pull out your phone and scroll to the very, very first message that you have with this person. And when you get to the very, very, very first message, come on to the front stage over here through this aisle here. So, go ahead, pull out your phone, scroll to the very first message, when you get to the first message, come to the front, right here, in front of this gentleman here. Miss, you at the top message? Yeah? All right, so how long ago did you meet this person? Uh, September 2nd. September 2nd. Okay, so lets see what happened, okay? So… he sends the first message. He sends it Tuesday, September 2nd at 11:26 p.m. Odd time to send a first message. He says, Hey, Ashley, dot-dot-dot, its Chris. He said his last name, but I dont wanna repeat it in case he gets murdered. Hey, Ashley, dot-dot-dot. I like that, dot-dot-dot. Hey, Ashley… Its Chris. It was nice to hang– It was– It started so smooth. Hey, Ashley, dot-dot-dot, its Chris. And then he goes, It was nice to hanging with you… Chris, no! Proofread! It was nice to– His voice changes for the rest of the bit now, after that. Earlier, it was, Hey, Ashley, its Chris. Now its, Hey, Ashley, its Chris. It was nice to hanging with you at BM. Hope youre recovering well. Lets grab a coffee sometime. And then, you send a text back the next day at 1:05 p.m. You say, Hey, exclamation. Glad you made it out alive. Headed to Soho House with Erica now. Im also around after 6:00 tomorrow or in the afternoon Friday. Whoa! You must really like this guy! Who the fuck… Who the fuck opens up their schedule that much? If the Dalai Lama was like, I really wanna get tea with you sometime, Aziz, Id be like, Uh, lets just check in next week, Dalai Lama. And so, then he sends a message Thursday at 11:55 a.m. and he goes, I thought Id see you at Marquee last night. And then, he tries to send… Sorry, all these places sound kind of douche-y. Im really sorry. No judgments here, but… Its not like, I thought Id see you at that MoMA exhibit. Its like, Why werent you at the club? There was a foam party! And then… you guys text back and forth, you get the coffee. Did you guys get the coffee? – Uh, yeah. – And how was the coffee? – Did you have fun? – It was okay. Yeah? It was okay? All right, so lets see where things are right now, okay? Yesterday, 9:44 p.m. So, what did we miss at Marquee last night? God damn it, Ashley, go to some better places. Quit wasting your life in these shitty clubs. No, no, no, its fine. And then he says, Is that what youre up to tonight? And then you say, Im on my way to the Aziz show at MSG. And he goes, Oh, okay, dot-dot-dot. Enjoy. Ashley, I think I speak for everyone here when I say, Fuck this guy. Thank you very much for sharing that with us, Ashley. So, thats it, man. Thats what everyone has to deal with now. When they meet someone, they have to engage in that kind of stuff. And I was in that world for a long time. And it can be fun, but it can get frustrating. And now Im in a different world, now Im in a relationship, and the rela– Dont do that shit. Dont clap. That is so rude to all the single people here. I used to do stand-up where I said I was single, no one ever clapped, no one said shit. No one was like, Get it, Aziz! Fuck everybody! Now is your time! Both things are very fun. Its fun being single, its fun being in a relationship. Theyre both fun, all right? But Im in the relationship right now and the relationships going great. But its also fairly new, its about a year and a few months. I feel like whenever you talk to people in longer relationships, theyre always like, Oh, my God. Those first few years are such a magical time. You have to enjoy that, its so amazing. And its weird being in the magical zone, and knowing that the magic is gonna change soon. You know what I mean? Like, right now, things are crazy. Like, right now, um, you know, last time I was in New York, there was a bad snowstorm, and I stepped in this huge puddle of sludge and my foot got soaked. And the first thing I did was I sent her a text. I said, You know how you feel days like today, when you step in a puddle of sludge and your foot gets soaked? Every second with you, it feels like the pure opposite of that. Aw! And yes, thats a little cheesy or whatever, but Im just sharing that so you know, thats where my heart is, right? But whats weird is knowing that that text will eventually change, right? Like, people in long relationships, doesnt that text eventually change? Doesnt that text eventually become like, Fuck! I stepped in some sludge. Do we have to get dinner with your friends? Can you tell them I died in a hovercraft accident? I never wanna see em again. Why do we always hang out with my friends? Cause theyre better people! But I hope were able to maintain some version of that love as things go on, cause its an amazing thing. Its so beautiful to get messages like that. She sent me a message one time, she said, You feel like home to me. Even if were in a hotel or something, I feel like Im home, cause Im with you. And when I wake up and I see your face, I remember that Im home. Thats one of the reasons I love you so much. She sent me that when I went away for five minutes to take a shit. You realize how awesome it is to be shitting and to read a message like that? It was like waste was leaving my body and love was coming in. It was… an amazing feeling. Did you guys know theres actually two different types of love? There is, its true. Theres two different types of love. Theres passionate love and companion love. Passionate love is like the crazy love you feel when you first meet someone and youre going crazy, youre just like, Ahh! But that eventually calms down into something different called companion love, which is not worse, its just different, less intense. And, you know, its kind of a bummer, but I get it. I understand why we have the two different types of love. You couldnt just have the crazy love your whole life, cause then society wouldnt function, right? Wed all just be in our homes, just staring at each other like… And the streets would just be filled with homeless children eating garbage, riding large animals. I get it. So thats why we have two different types of love. But when I first heard about that, I was like, Wouldnt it be interesting to just have the crazy stuff for a while? What would that be like? Maybe, instead of having one long relationship, you have a bunch of shorter relationships. Your graph of love and happiness is just like, boom, boom, boom! But, you know, I dont think you can do that graph. Ive tried to do that graph, Ive seen friends try to do that graph. And, yes, it can be a lot of fun for a while, but eventually that graph gets weird. You know, eventually that graph becomes something like this. You know, its like, Oh, shit! Me and the boys, were going out tonight. This bars gonna be crazy. This bars gonna be crazy. This bars gonna be crazy. This bars gonna be crazy. This bars gonna be crazy. This bars gonna be crazy. Oh, my God, theres so many hot girls here. Yeah, this one girl is really into me. Yeah, were going home together. Yeah, were having sex. Yeah, Im coming! Im coming! Im coming! Im coming! Im coming! Im coming! Im coming! Im coming! I came! This feels empty, this feels empty, this feels empty. I gotta get out of here! I gotta get out of here! This feels empty, this feels empty, this feels empty. Okay, okay, okay! I got out of there. I got out of there. I just got some brunch. I just got some brunch. Im drinking some water, Im drinking some coconut water. Im getting hydrated. Thats right, Im getting hydrated. Im ready to run it back! Thats right! Night two, me and the boys, were going out tonight! This bars gonna be crazy. This bars gonna be crazy. This bars gonna be crazy. This bars gonna be crazy. This bars gonna be– Okay, no ones really out tonight. Okay, so, uh… More of a low-key type situation. Okay, me and the boys will just get drunk by ourselves. No shame there. Okay, its getting little bit weird, uh… Well just get some tacos. Tacos are delicious. You wake up the next morning, Oh, my God! Why did I eat three quesadillas then a bowl of cereal? That was really unnecessary. Okay, well… Im just gonna go back to bed. I feel like garbage, and uh… God, you know, this is fun, hooking up with these hot girls or whatever, but frankly, I wish… I just had someone I really cared about, that I could hold. But I dont have that person, so… Im just gonna jerk off and go to bed. So now, Im trying the relationship graph. But the relationship graph is fucked up too. Like, if you take the traditional definition of a successful relationship, and you put it in that graph, that graph is fucked up too. This is that graph, okay? You meet the person… Oh, my God, all these experiences are amazing! All these experiences are amazing! All these experiences are amazing! All these experiences are amazing! All these– Okay. Some of the experiences are getting repetitive. Some of the experiences are getting repetitive. But you know what? I love this person so much. Were getting married! Yeah! Were getting married! Oh, my God, we have a wedding! All our friends came! This is so fun! I cant believe it! Im a husband. I have a wife. Oh, my God, this is the great– Oh, my God, we just had a kid! Oh, my God, we just had a kid! Oh, my God, we just had a kid! Oh, my God, we just had a kid! Oh, my God, this is so hard! Oh, my God, this is the hardest thing Ive ever done in my life. Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Okay, okay, okay! The kids walking around and talking and saying stuff. This is amazing. Ive never felt so proud of anything in my entire life. Oh, my God, we just had another kid! Oh, my God, we just had another kid! Why did we stop using the birth control? That was so stupid! And why did we think it would be easier the second time around? This is not analogous at all! There is now two goddamn people at the same goddamn time! Its so much harder! We gotta– Oh, my God, we gotta pay for all the stuff! How does anyone afford children? We gotta get them into a good kindergarten. What the fucks a good kindergarten? They just sing songs! Who is fucking that up? Okay, okay, okay, okay, we got them into the good kindergarten. We got them into the good kindergarten. We got them in. Now theyre in elementary school. Theyre drawing pictures and stuff, this is pretty cool. Okay, now theyre in adolescence. Oh, these kids are fucking pricks! I fucking hate these kids! I want them to die! I want them to die! I want my whole family to die! I dont really want them to die. I just wanna feel what it would feel like to murder every single person I live with. Okay, I cant do that. I cant do that. Okay, now theyre in high school. Theyre in high school now. This is good, theyre in high school, a little bit older. I can hang out with them. Oh, God. One of the kids might be having sex. Yeah, he might be doing drugs. I gotta put spyware on his phone to make sure hes not messing around. This is my life now. I gotta read this mess whenever I get home from work. Hey, whats going on? Nothing. You wanna come hang out later? Maybe. All right. Well– Will you fucking buy some weed already so I can justify this use of my time? Okay, okay! One of the kids is going to college. Hes gone, hes gone. Oh, shit, the other kids gone. Theyre both gone. Its just us in the house together again. Were spending time together again. Weve refound our passionate love! Finally, we can travel the world! Im too tired to travel the world. Lets just take it easy. Lets just take it easy. Lets just take it easy in the house. Its fine. We got the house to ourselves. This is good. You know, its okay. Its kind of boring, but its good. We dont have to work and stuff. Its okay. Its fine, the kids come to visit every now and then, its okay. Okay. Oh, God. Oh, God, my wife is sick. Oh, no, my wifes sick. Oh, no, my wife just passed. Oh, God, Im all by myself. Im so alone. Oh, God, Im sick now too. Im sick now too. I cant even walk. I cant even walk. Ive walked my entire life, and now I cant even walk. But now I get to get one of those Rascal scooters! Im gonna drive that motherfucker everywhere! New York, thank you so much! Thank you again for coming out, I really do appreciate it. Thank you so much. Thank you, thank you, thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you, thank you. You guys can sit down. Thank you so much. Um, serious question here. Has anyone here ever seen a ghost? I love ghost stories. Someone once told me and my girlfriend this really scary ghost story about a little boy. And it was so scary, and she gets really scared of ghosts. So, I started doing this thing where every now and then were asleep, Ill just wake her up in the middle of the night and Ill just be like, Hey. Hey, hey, hey. Hey, boo… whats that little boy doing over there? And she hates it! And I love it! And I do it all the time. What Id really like to do, though, one day, is… And this is like something… I dont know if it might be too messed up to do, but, um… Shes, like, the nicest, sweetest person. Anytime I need a drink in the middle of the night, shes always like, Oh, Ill go down and get it. Im always like, No, no, its fine. Ill get it. But what if, one night, I was like, Yeah, can you go down and get it? And then she goes downstairs, and there, unbeknownst to her… Ive hired a little boy. And hes wearing, like, old-timey clothes. And as soon as she gets downstairs, hes just like, Mommy, where have you been? I wanna do it so bad! But I cant. Ive thought it through, theres three reasons why I cant do it. One, I would never wanna scare anyone that bad, right? Thats a terrifying thing. Two, if I did pull it off, Id live in eternal fear over what the fuck she was gonna do to get back at me. Cause Im pretty sure shes not gonna let that one slide. And three, this is probably the biggest reason not to do it, she would murder the little boy. Like, the little boys dead. So, I dont think I can do it. Im a good boyfriend, though. Shes never really been upset with me about anything, that I can think of. The only time I remember she was kind of mad was once, when I was flying from New York to New Zealand. I was gonna be gone for a while to go to a wedding. I was calling her when I was on the plane to talk to her before we took off, and I got her voicemail, so I texted her. I was, like, Hey, its me. Just wanted to talk before the flight took off. And she texts me back and says, I called you four hours ago. And I could tell she was upset, cause she also included the emoji of the Indian guy with the gun beside his head. This tipped me off. So I called her back and I was like, Whats up with that? Why you gotta say that? What did I do? Shes like, I called you four hours ago. I was like, I know. I was busy packing and everything. I knew Id have time to call you when I got on the plane. Thats why I waited. Shes like, Oh, you were busy? You were busy. Well, I looked on your friends Instagram and he posted a photo of you hanging out by the pool, snapping Polaroids. So, I feel like, if you have time to hang out by the pool and play with your Polaroid camera, I think you have time to call me back. And I was like, Okay, Im sorry. Cut to a week later. Its Valentines Day, Ive done all this romantic stuff, and its time for us to exchange gifts. I have her gift, its all wrapped up, and Im just like, uh… So, hey, remember, like, a week ago, you were upset that… I didnt call you back and I was hanging out by the pool, playing with a Polaroid camera? Well, the reason I was doing that is, I bought you this nice vintage Polaroid camera and I just wanted to make sure it worked before I gave it to you. So, heres your gift. Fuck you! And she felt horrible, which is the greatest Valentines Day gift Ive ever received. New York, thank you again! This was awesome. Thank you guys again so much for coming out. Thank you very, very much. Thank you so much. I really appreciate it. This was fucking awesome. Thanks. Good night. These are my parents. Thank you again. Good night.

LISA LAMPANELLI@BACK TO THE DRAWING BOARD@2015@Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Lisa Lampanelli! ¶ Hello, New York! All right. Welcome to the best night of your sad, pathetic freakin lives. This is gonna be a great night cause not only am I hilarious, you get to look at me for over an hour. Go ahead. Oh, yes. Work, bitch. No, Im telling you, you may have noticed I made some appearance changes, recently lost 107 pounds. What! Whatd you say? Ooh, 107. She look good. And heres the thing. Its enough of an accomplishment to lose that weight, but I actually kept it off for three freakin years, and I know, thats the hard part, right? And you know what? I know you guys look at me like a life coach, a mentor, a role model, and so Ill you how I kept it off. I dont hold no freakin secrets. Listen to this shit. If you learn to use bulimia the right way– Just eat stuff that tastes as good coming up as it did going down. Just saying. No, that actually isnt even true, but its Gods cruel joke that I was ever freakin fat. It freakin sucked, cause I was born skinny. I wasnt born to be a fat cunt. Guess what happened. I hit 18, everything went crazy, it did, so I went every goddamn diet in the world, and let me tell you all about em, cause theyre all designed to make us fucking failures and hate ourselves more, this diet industry. First of all, that Weight Watchers, they can lick my left clam, okay? Right? And oh, my God, Nutrisystem? Are you fucking kidding me what that shit? All I can say about Nutrisystem is that Marie Osmond is a lying freakin whore, okay? That boxed food tastes like Mrs. Dog the Bounty Hunters snatch hole. Ugh, and then this Jenny Craig. Jenny Craig. I tried that horrible program twice, it dont work. Maybe the reason it dont work is cause every time I go there, the counselor whos trying to make me lose weight is still fucking fat. Really? Oh, okay, Im gonna trust a fat bitch on how to lose weight. Why dont I just call up Bill Cosby for some rape prevention advice? Yeah, you can clap. Hes a raper. He is a raper. But seriously, I wasnt even supposed to be fat during my life. Oh, my God, but I went away to college. Thats when it all started. I was lonely. Its terrible. I used food for emotional reasons. Some of you fat bitches know what Im talking about. Look at this whore. No, not by rubbing it on your junk, bitch. Im talking about you use it as a friend, and yes, did I eat an ice cream sandwich in the shower? Yes, I did, but Im a freakin lady. The one time I ate pork chops on the toilet, I flushed those bones. But college was hard, man, and honestly, Im telling you only the truth tonight about myself. Okay, the worst thing that happened to me in college was the night that I had a date rapist who took no for an answer. How unattractive must you feel when the known rapist you thought you could count on just to stick the tip in just a little after all the sororities rejected you, how must you feel when that guy looks at his watch and says, Eh, you know what? Its kind of late. Those joggers in the park aint gonna rape themselves, so– Im like, Come back, Dr. Huxtable, come back! So honestly, I struggle with my weight. 18 years old to 50, and three years ago, I said, Fuck it. Im gonna save my own life. Cause let me tell you, if I die, who the hell else is gonna come out here and call you all spics and blacks and cunts? Nobodys brave like Lisa Lampanelli. So heres what ha-happened. I go to this doctor, and he says hes gonna do this operation called the gastric sleeve. This means they cut out 85% of your stomach so you cant eat like you got ten rectums no more. And of course I get the funny doctor. Like, this is the thing, man. Okay, everybodys nervous during surgery, but my doctor thinks hes hilarious. Hes one of them Indian doctors, you know? No, no, not the, you know, laying in a curb drunk by a casino Indian. You know, not the bad negotiating, theyll take a fucking necklace and give us Rhode Island fucking idiots. Feather-headed morons. No, Im talking about that other type of Indians. You know, the stinky cow-worshiping guys. Expedia.com thinks a freakin cow is a god. Are you fucking kidding me? So headset not headdress Indian. So anyway, so it ends up, I go for the surgery. 5:00 a.m., I get to the hospital. I get all nervous. I said to him, Listen, Dr. Apu, I have a question. Can I get my stomach back reinstalled if I get hungry? And guess what he says. Hes like, Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, my friend, my friend, my friend, my friend. Were going to use your stomach to cover the infield at Yankee Stadium. You know whats wild too? Ever since I lost the weight, every interviewer starts with, Oh, my God, you must love the way you look. Let me tell you something. Im 53 freakin years old. In clothes, Im clearly ridiculously hot. In clothes, I am a tasty piece of ass. However, out of clothes, just like the rest of you messes over 40, I am freakin horrifying. No, people, I dont give a crap if you were a supermodel when you were in your 20s. Right now, keep your goddamn clothes on. You make me fucking vomit. I hate you. Especially you men, have some goddamn dignity. Shower in a freakin robe. Spare your fucking significant other some stress and drama. Because theres always something wrong with somebodys body over 40. Theres always, like, a cellulite mass bubbling around back there, a freakin varicose bumpy vein threatening to pop all over TSA, and then my flight is fucking cancelled, a stray cunt hair flailing in the breeze. Now, I make it a specific point never to see myself naked in a mirror, just to preserve the shred of self-esteem I have mustered, but oh, my God. Today, the hotel they have me in, that mirror snuck up on me, and I caught a glimpse of my naked, cellulite-y, flabby, flat, Howard Stern-looking ass. It looked like I sat on a gravel driveway naked for five hours. Like, Holy crap. Is that an ass or a relief map of the Himalayan Mountains, for Gods sake? Now, heres the deal. As you probably know, cause Im quite famous, I recently got a divorce from my ex-husband, Jimmy Big Balls. Its okay, its very amicable, thank God, and he also lost 98 pounds. Now, the reason I call him Jimmy Big Balls, you might not know if youre fucking stupid. You cant put two and– Okay, picture this guys freakin head. Imagine two of those in a pair of Hanes tighty whiteys. Actual size. I mean, that sack, Jesus Christ. It looked like two little midgets fighting their way out of a pink, hairy parachute. I hadnt seen anything that big and hairy since I gave Snooki a Pap smear. But see, this is how I know that God hates me. Even though Jimmy loses all this weight and looks great, every time he lost an ounce, it gravitated and it migrated and eventually settled in that fucking beanbag chair of a nut sack until he had to hold it up when he took a shit just in case. And you know how I knew it was big? Oh, Madone! One day, hes laying in bed naked, and he goes, Hey, check it out. I look, sir. His ball was resting on my side of the bed. See, now, I try to be positive cause Im a person who projects much light and love, and it was like, Oh, my God, wow! At least we never have to buy throw pillows again. But you know what, folks? Since Im telling you the truth, I will tell you this. I think that is the night that I knew the marriage was not meant to be. No, you laugh, but seeing, um, that ball on the sheet and, um, the other one on the nightstand was– Now, like I said, I am one lucky bitch that I do not have a nasty divorce, and part of it I think is– Is that we didnt have kids. Now, black guy, are you a black or a half spic, half black? That would make you six years a slave, my friend. The gay guys are getting worried. Oh, my God! Help us. Okay, are you a black guy then? Let me– Oh, youre Jamaican. Oh, that–okay. No wonder this hot bitch is with you, holy shit. How many kids you got? You got keeds? You got keeds, motherfucker? You got keeds? How many you got? Two? Two, two, two, two, two, two. Yeah, son. Yeah, son. How old are your kids? Four and ten? Is this their mom? Of course not. Why would she be? You dont want to mess with fine traditions. No, but hey, God bless you for having those kids. Divorce is hard if you have kids, but heres the thing. I never wanted no keeds. Im like the gift to the world, you know. I dont want you to be tied down to only loving two little fucking idiot kids that I gave birth to. I am a gift to you people. Im like all of your ma, but heres the problem. Im sad now cause Ill never have grandkids. That makes me kind of sad. Like, does anybody here have grandchildren? Oh, my God! Oh, my God. Sir, sir, do you love them? – Is it so much fun? – Yes. Oh, my God. Its got to be a blast. Listen, all of yous, when you have grandkids, do what I would do and Im sure what this guy does. You have them over to your house for a nice sleepover, and you spoil the crap out of those kids, and you get them all hopped up on sugar. They get whatever they freakin want, and then you get em their own first Starbucks, cause its never too early for the one-year-old babys caffeine. Its a beautiful thing. Then you keep em up all night as a way of paying back your ungrateful piece of shit son who married that know-it-all cunt that he met in medical school, and she thinks shes better than you and wouldnt take no suggestions for the wedding cause shes so fucking high class with the fucking house in Marthas Vineyard. Fuck that cunt. She dont know it all. You even made your dress for the wedding, and she didnt even put out nice feelings for you from the goodness of your heart. Well, fuck that whore. Yes, you return that kid to them with no sleep, hopped up on sugar, and with a big shitty diaper. That shitty diaper– The shitty diaper is king. The shitty diaper is the way of sending a message home to your son. Aha! This is what you get for hitting puberty and jerking off into Mommys fur coat. You know who hates that joke? Lesbians. Dykes hate that joke. Theyre all into the environment and these fucking animals. Who gives a shit? Minks and chinchillas were bred to be worn by Lisa Lampanelli. I–they love being killed for me. No, lesbians really do hate that joke. Oh, my God, I remember. Oh, my God. I once got an angry email from some lesbeen because I had had a chinchilla coat made. Now, by the way, dont even think of booing fur coats, okay, cause the only people who boo fur, hello, cant freakin afford fur. I will kill and wear anything. I do not give a crap. Hector, I will come to your house, take your five little Chihuahuas, sew em together, and wear em like Cruella de Vil on a Wednesday. I dont care. Hey, Ill do you one better. If your children have an interesting skin tone, Ill skin those little bastards and rub the lotion on its skin. Oh, my God, not even one moan for killing children and wearing them. I think this is my type of town, folks. Party! Now, I called you a Latino. Are you Latino? Oh, my God, 100%? Yes, Papi Chulo. What dont you do for a living? Thats so unfair. Theres black people behind you. I find that fascinating. Thank you. Speaking of black people, heres the deal. I–now that Im single— Oh, my God. Now that Im single, my whore friends are like, Oh, Lisa, you should go out there, and get out there. Youre like a cougar. People, Im 50-freakin-3 years old. Thats too old. Cougar cutoff is 49. Im not a cougar. I just have an old pussy. Bob Barker keeps chasing it around trying to spay and neuter the freakin thing. But heres what ha-happened. I dont know what type of guy Im supposed to date right now cause think about it. Before I married Jimmy, I had actually enjoyed the chocolate love. It is well documented. I had more black guys behind me than Obama. Yes, I did. But now, these freakin black guys, they wont look at me no more cause I lost weight, and they dont like that I have no fucking ass. They dont like that, cause you know, Tyrone, the blacks enjoy– They like an ass with its own address so the welfare checks will go to the right place. But then I said to myself, Ooh, Paco, maybe I should date one of these illegals. No. Are you legally in this country, sir? Yeah. No, I thought to myself, maybe I should date a Latino, but oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Thats a little risky for me, cause right now, Im a rich white woman, and a rich white woman dating a Latino, please. Thats like somebody who adopts a pit bull. At some point somethings gonna go horribly wrong. So I thought, At least give everybody a chance, and I figured out the only type of nationality I never had a date with was an Asian. I know. It was just an oversight. Its easy to see over those little fucking flat heads and squinty eyes. And I was like, Oh, my God, I am not dating an Asian. Im sorry. No–no offense, but I spent so much effort getting rid of my extra chins. I am not inviting anymore in. But that did seem racist, so I said, You know what Im gonna do? Im gonna check it out slowly. Put a toe in. Figuratively. Freakin fags, always go to putting something in the ass. I rented this porno, and it was an Asian dude with a white broad. No. It was way too scary. Every time she said she wanted it doggy style, he whipped out a frying pan. Somebody has to explain this to you? You fucking retard. He goes, I dont know. I dont know. They eat dogs. Putting two and three together, you fucking idiot. Jesus Christ. What are you? – Are you a Latino, man? – No. What are you, sir? Half black, half white. Yeah. Nice combo. So he works part-time. Very nice. Very good. So who–who was black, mom or dad? Mom? Whats your fathers name? Dwight. Isnt that impressive, that he knows who his father is? Shocking. Youre a nice guy, man. Whats your name? I like you. Don, is this your white bitch right here? This your white bitch? Who are you hanging on, lesbian Flock of Seagulls haircut? Who am I to fucking talk, right? Justin Bieber fucked Miley Cyrus for this hairdo. I like this crowd. This is a really good crowd. Heres what Im telling you. You know why I like you? Cause you get the jokes. Youre supportive. Heres LLs deal. Im talking about myself in the third person. Yes. With initials. How freakin pretentious is that shit? Okay, heres how I roll. I feel like the biggest thing I hate is when comics come up on a stage, they just get a divorce, and then theyre anti-marriage. Thats bullshit. I think marriage is a beautiful thing, a wonderful thing, and I plan to do it at least three more times, cause I love weddings. What I think is even great is most of these states are getting on the case and legalizing gay marriage. Isnt that fantastic? I do not understand how people can be against gay marriage. Guess what I figure. If theyre against gay marriage, theyre big closet-case dick suckers. Thats what they are. Yup, they are deeper in the closet than Melissa McCarthys workout clothes. Fuck you. I can say it till I gain my weight back in three years. But honestly and from my heart, I really feel like if, as a gay person, you are lucky enough to find someone to spend the rest of your life with, you have every right to be just as miserable as us straight people are. In fact, you know what? I think tomorrow, all 50 states plus Guam y Puerto Rico should legalize gay marriage, but then the very next day, they should outlaw gay divorce. Ah! You asked for it, you got it, cornholers. Good luck splitting up that Crate & Barrel registry, you dirty homos. You too, lesbians. Fucking go to Home Depot and get your money back. Ive been thinking about marriage a lot, and Ive been thinking, do you know what? I have noticed the only two people who shouldnt be allowed to get married, two freakin ugly people. Have you seen the travesty that can result from that unholy union? Ill give you a nice little illustration and a parallel. Say two nice fags like them get married. They move in next door to you. They have a beautifully manicured yard, a lovely organized toolshed with the vibrators in descending order. All the little cock rings are color coded on penis-shaped pegs. Pretty soon they adopt a little Asian baby cause an Asian is easier to get than a real kid. Pretty soon, around the neighborhood, a dry cleaning establishment pops up, then a nail salon. Then when shes 21, they buy her her own happy ending, rub-and-tug massage parlor. Whats the worst thing that could happen when two ugly people get married? Three words, Honey Boo Boo. Thats what can happen. Honey Boo Boos the worst. Did you see how Honey Boo Boos mom was dating a pedophile, and Honey Boo Boos so fucking unattractive, that guy wouldnt even fuck her? Oh, come on, man. You ever notice fat kids never get molested? Cause the guy never has enough candy to get the kid into the van. You know whats funny? My audience happens to always be the coolest people, cause they can really take a joke, but, oh, my God. In 25 years in this business, Ive only gotten protested four times. Thats pretty freakin good, right? I mean, hello. The first time I got protested– You can look it up. This is absolutely true. I got protested in Rochester, New York, by deaf people. Now, you laugh, but you didnt have to be there. Do you know how confusing a protest by deaf people is? I go up to the theater, like, Uhh! Im like, Oh, my God, did you just say Im pretty? Now, the other three times I got protested was by the most disgusting, hateful group on the planet, the freaks at the Westboro Baptist Church. – Boo! – Thank you. If you dont know who the Westboro Baptist Church is, first of all, I object to anyone who calls themself a church when the church has nothing to do with love, God, or spirituality. Its all about hating other people, so dont use the word church, bitch. They are actually a group of 70 inbreds in Topeka, Kansas, who have three real teeth and four slack jaws between em, and theyve developed this disgusting hate website called godhatesfags.com, which is reprehensible, except the names really funny. I wish I had thought of it, personally. Now, these Westboro inbreds dont like Lisa Lampanelli because I have some gay fans, so I figured out how to get those assholes back. I decided to become an ordained minister and marry 20 gay couples right in front of their inbred eyes. Oh, yeah. Yes. Isnt that great? But sadly, I find out right before I get there, they dont have no fag marriage over in Topeka, so I had a better idea. I ran into the theater, gathered all the gays, and we ran outside. We stood 10 feet from those sign-waving retards, and we all had a big, huge, gay make-out session, with tongues and everything, and we all chanted, Were here. Were queer. One beer and youll be here. John Travolta was right there beside us. Oh, finally, people are getting on board. Travolta–Danny Zuko is a fucking fag. Please, are you kidding me? 50 massage therapists are not lying, all right? Grease is the word for whats up his freakin butthole. Now, gay guys, if you ever get married, do you want children? Do you want kids? No, no. Listen, man, I have a maternal instinct, though, about one thing. I always wanted a dog. No, I love a little dog. No, do me a favor, though. Im gonna say this in all serious– If you want to get a dog, dont be a douche bag and go buy one. You go to the North Shore Animal League, another shelter, and you adopt one of these little homeless mutts. They need a home. Now, this is a win-win for everybody. Think about it. If you buy a dog, thats like 1,500 clams at the least. You adopt one of these scroungy little homeless mutts running around, you dont like him in two days, just put him right back in the middle of the street. Nobody knows nothing. Just give it to the Asian bitch. Shell cook it up with tofu. Its like when you adopt a little kid. Youre not really that attached to that fucking kid. He didnt come out of your clam. You dont care. Send him back to Russia to hang out with the other communists, Ivan the Terrible. I give a fuck less. Oh, adoptees are here? Wah. Yeah, youre special cause you were chosen. Thats what the Jews thought too. I joke, you know I love my heebie friends and accountants and lawyers. So anyway, I adopted the greatest dog in history. Oh, my God. I named him Parker after Sarah Jessica Parker. No, because of the really astounding resemblance. You know what, people? Im, like, really disappointed in you right now. Let me set the goddamn record straight. SJP does not look like a dog. She looks exactly like a horse. Okay, this is really mean. I cant even believe I joke about her, cause she is, like, my hero of my whole life, but okay. Listen, listen, listen. Dont tell her. Theres a website thats literally called, www.SarahJessicaParker lookslikeahorse.com, and they asked her on a talk show if she ever read it, and she went– And the host said, Come on, how many times have you looked at it? And she went– Anyway, my dog is awesome, but see, you got to know the rules. Heres what you do. The first thing you do when you get your dog home, you go onto the computer, and you Google the words service vest. Ah, she knows the scam. This thing is a vest that you get to put on your little, rotten dog, and you get to take him anywhere you want, and nobodys allowed to ask you what the hell is wrong with you. Somebody made the mistake of asking me why I had the dog. I said, Cause Im retarded. Now, honestly, your dog doesnt even have to be helpful. My dog seriously doesnt do shit. He is about as useful as a Kardashian in a library. Okay, Im not gonna get all derailed and talk about the Kardashians, but I am gonna say one thing about them that Im pretty freakin pissed at. They stole my whole game, okay? I was banging the black guys first, all right, not those three hos. And by the way, theyre freakin hypocrites. Their names are Kim, Kourtney, and Khloé, KKK. Why do you fucking guys take the risk? So anyway, this vest you put on your dog, you take him anywhere, because its frowned upon, apparently, to leave your dog in a car with the windows rolled up. And you–you dont want to be late. Like, black guy, suppose you are late. Well, thats a given. But suppose youre late for your appointment with your parole officer. Other black, suppose… theyre about to rerelease the McRib. Black people love ribs. Its a fact. Its not something I made up. We all know. Now, like I said, my dogs useless, but now that the airlines are asking for a little note of whats your problem, I had my shrink write me the note of notes, cause, first of all, hes a perfect combo to be a good fucking liar. Hes spic and a fag, so this guy, Dr. Lopez or some shit, Lopez-a-fag-corn. He wrote on my note that I need the service dog because I have a rare fainting disorder, and my dog wakes me up if Im about to hit my fucking head. Is that not the best excuse ever, combining the shifty Hispanic with the creative fag in one? But trust me, when you fly on these airlines and– Freakin airline– You know what, what the fuck? Whos old here? Sir, you on the end. Its not an insult. Youre an older man. How old are you, sir? 73. God bless you. Means he aint long for this fucking world. Sir, dont you resent– Remember in the old days when youd fly and everybody would get dressed up, and it was like an actual thing, and the stewardesses were sexy? They were hot. There was a weight requirement. Oy vey, I had two goddamn stewardesses on the flight. Looked like Shrek One and Shrek Two. Im telling you, they wont help you with nothing. They will not put your crap in your overhead bin, even if youre faking a really authentic-looking rotator cuff injury like I was. Matter of fact, the only guys who ever helped me, the only stewardesses who ever did put it in the overhead for me, were a gay stewardess, a man. Those men will help you. Right, faggot? Youre very helpful. I know. Gay men love doing that for you cause theyre used to shoving big things into tiny little spaces. So I know all the rules about taking my dog on a plane, but one day, I have him in his little bag. He starts barking. Now, come on. Your hearts got to go out to a pet like that. Oh, because I turn into a total queer when Im talking to my dog. You guys would not recognize me in private. Im like– Whos a good boy? Whos a good boy? Whos a good boy? Whos a good boy? But then I turn that way, and I cant turn it off, and my gay friends come over, Im like– Whos a good faggot? Whos a good cornholer? Whos a good cornholer? And then they all lick each others asses, so its nice. So my dogs barking, the planes trying to take off, I feel bad for the passengers, I put his little bag on my lap, and then all I did was I took his little head out. It was so cute. I know, right? He was looking around, and then I took that zipper, and I put it against that goddamn larynx of his, and I put my lips to his little doggy left ear, and I said, Shut the fuck up, Parker. Shut your fucking mouth. Mommys a fourth level fake-ass celebrity. Shut your goddamn mouth. Ill fucking kill you in your sleep and feed you to that chinky lady over at the fucking buffet. Shut the fuck up. So he and I come to a nice understanding, but then guess what. Shrek One has to come up and interfere, and shes like, Uh, you have to put the head of the dog in the bag. People, Im no terrorist, so Im not gonna yell at some bitch on a plane, but I just poked the dog in his ribs. I said, No, its so he wont bark, and I poke him, and he goes, Ahh. So shes being cool, but guess what. Guess who has to pipe up, get in the conversation. Fucking asshole sitting next to me figures hes gonna state his opinion, but he dont realize who the fuck he happens to be sitting next to. Another benefit of losing over 100 pounds and getting your hair cut to look like Rod Stewarts half-a-lesbo sister. So the guy has the nerve to say, Uh, why dont you just leave the freakin dog at home? Now, ladies and gentlemen, come on. I dont act. I react. And Im Lisa freakin Lampanelli. Are you kidding me with this? So, like, I cant help what I say. So I honestly said this. It was so horrible. He goes, Uh, why dont you leave the freakin dog at home? And I go, Really, sir, great idea. In the meantime, why dont you go fuck your mother? Hows that sound? Yeah, cause Im sure at one time or another, Ive had to listen to your ugly kids screaming away when you should have had them stowed in the overhead compartment wheels first, bitch. Oh, oh, you guys didnt know? Thats the new rule. If you have children under ten, they must be stowed in the overhead compartments. Would that not be the greatest? Oh, my God, I fucking hate those screaming kids. Oh, but by the way, theres always a woman after the show who, like, really hates that joke, and, um, she finds it very difficult to hear humor like that. And shes always a mom, always a white mom. The healthy snack mom. The mom who buys her kid food gluten-free as if glutens actually a thing. And shes that mom who, now that she opened up her horrible, splotchy, bumpy thighs and that little freakin bloody head skyrocketed across the room, that she was suddenly reborn– Mother Earth knows all– When a mere three years ago, she had five black cocks stuffed up in that freakin thing. Well, you know something? Due to your response to those women, I can tell you all have a bone to pick with that type of mother, so you know what, I think its my responsibility as an elected official to give a public service announcement to those mothers out there who are like that. Yes, cause I dont know how, but always at least a couple find their way into my show. I dont know how they even heard of me. Its like their husband said, No, no, honey, come on. No, shes fine. No, seriously. No, come on, man. Shes like Kathy Griffin. Itll be great. Dont worry about it. Okay, so this is a public service announcement for those mothers, and by the way, if you guys look around and you dont see one of those moms, guess what. You are that freakin mom. Okay, mothers, PSA number one. There is no such goddamn thing as a peanut allergy. That is a bullshit made-up allergy that your little, rotten, spoiled white kid made up in his own head, so he could get a delicious bologna sandwich instead of the peanut butter and jelly on two stale heels of Wonder Bread that he so richly earned. Yeah. If you think your kid is allergic to peanuts, guess what. Go home tonight, spread a jar of Jif all over his ugly, splotchy body. Hell either break out in hives and be cured instantly, or hell be dead, and either way is fine with Lisa Lampanelli. PSA number two. Mothers, stop shopping at Whole Foods. Fuck Whole Foods in the ass, mouth, and cunt. Fuck em. Who on Gods green earth needs two grapefruits for $79.99? Theyre like, Oh, theyre organic and fresh. Really? Sos my twat, but I dont charge $79.99! And by the way, did you ever notice the only bitches who shop at Whole Foods are 400-pound women? Bitch, its called Whole Foods, not eat the whole fucking store. And PSA number three. Stop with the god… damned hand… sanitizer. Quit it with the Purell. Youre turning your little boys into little germophobic people with compromised immune systems like these two fucking fags. This has been a public service announcement… By Lisa Lampanelli. I approve this message. That was insane. I was, like, yelling really loud. Where was I? Oh, yeah. Theres always that bitch who comes up to me after the show. Shes like, Lisa, that joke about the overhead compartment is very dangerous and irresponsible. If I put my child into the overhead compartment, he could suffocate and die. Im like, Oh, my God, maybe if he does, isnt that whats meant to be? See, I believe in all that stuff. If its meant to be, its meant to be. I like all the sayings, you know, cause I work on myself. Ive been doing very intense work on my– In fact, couple weeks ago, I went on this seven-day yoga retreat, and get this, I dont do yoga. I dont even know what the fuck yoga is. I thought it was a frozen yogurt retreat. Now, I can tell you honestly, after seven days of boring hell watching these fat bitches who just wanted a place to go for a week that they didnt have to put a zipper on their fucking pants, after watching these yeast infections waiting to happen for a week, I can honestly say and observe that I am sure that yoga was invented by some fag who wanted to learn how to suck his own cock for himself. Pretty confident of that. So Im at this yoga retreat. Im bored to death. Theres no TV. Theres nothing. I said, Okay, Im gonna go to the gift shop. Well, get this. All these rich whores who go to those things, theyre easy marks. Theyll buy anything with a nice saying on it. Theyre so fucking stupid. There was a little basket. Youre gonna die. Spic, youll die. Freakin– They have these rocks. These whores are buying rocks with a saying on it. Are you kidding me? Collect your own, you stupid bitch. You got a Sharpie? Theyre banging em each for 20 bucks for a rock, and it says nice stuff on em. It says, Believe. Dream. Nam-ast.' I dont know what that is. I dont speak Spanish, but I will find out. So I was so angry at these women spending their money on that crap, I said, Im gonna– When I go back, Im mixing up a few rocks of my own. I can do shit that I would say to people. Screw that, I need a couple of rocks and a freakin Sharpie. Im golden. My rocks will say stuff thatll set these bitches heads spinning. My rocks will say, Youre worthless. Youll never find love. Black guy, thats not your real father. the best new thing for me to go into? I could become this crazy spiritual guru who just got everybody going on my wavelength. I had my first inspirational greeting card. Im going to perform it for you right now. Dahnce as if no ones watching. Love as if youll never be hurt again, and queef as if nobodys listening. Old guy, do you know what a queef is? Its a cunt fart, is what it is. The faggots are laughing really hard. His butt plug almost shot right out. Whats a butt plug for? Like, I dont even know. Do you know? Which one of you is the guy, and which is the girl? You dont have that logic? No, you just versa? Anytime, anywhere? Well, good for you. Boy, I tell you, I did have to start working on myself after a divorce. You have to figure your stuff out. Guess what my shrink says to me, this bitch. She told me I have effed up ideas about what a relationships like. She told me I had to go and take an inventory of the crappy ways I was a wife during the marriage and how I also contributed to its demise, and I trust you people. Can I read this to you tonight? Is that okay? Okay, cause its very vulnerable. Okay, here it is. Its six faults that you probably dont know about me. Okay, okay. I, Lisa Lampanelli, am overly sensitive. No, its true. I cannot take a joke. I get my feelings hurt so easy. How freakin hypocritical is that, though? Right? Im an insult comic who cant take a joke. Thats like being a pedophile who cant stand childrens parties. Thats like being an NFL player who just cant bring himself to punch his wife in the face in an elevator. Number two. I, Lisa Lampanelli, have huge anger issues. I do. Honestly, my temper is hotter than the black guys television set. Its true. If I was any angrier, Id be dating Rihanna. I would. Oh. Shut up. She asked for it. Big mouth. Oh, and heres three. Okay, fault number three. Im not technically bipolar– But my moods swing a lot. Like, when Im not yelling, Im crying. Honestly, my eyes leak more than Cloris Leachmans vaginer. But heres the thing, I wont cry in front of a guy, boyfriend, husband, nothing, cause it makes me look too weak. Im afraid to be vulnerable. I have put up more walls than Pink Floyd. Im more emotionally distant than Terri Schiavo. Wait for it. Oh, too soon? Its ten freakin years. Let it go. She has. No, seriously, I could be colder in a relationship than a penguins asshole. Bruce Jenners face is more expressive than I am. Okay, this is a tough one. Always get to number five and I kind of struggle with it, but Im gonna be real. I told you I would. When I was married, I weighed 248. Its okay. Im not ashamed. Now Im fucking sexy and hot. However, when youre that big, sometimes you hate your looks, and, oh, man, it was terrible in a marriage. I couldnt take a compliment. Poor Jimmy, hed be like, Oh, you look nice. Id be, Shut the fuck up, you fat piece of shit. After a year of intense four-time-a-week therapy, I have come to realize that may have not been the right response. No, its true. I learned that. Like, they have this thing in therapy called positive self-talk. Thats when you look in a mirror and you say nice things to yourself, so even back then, I shouldnt have been so hard on myself. I should have looked in the mirror with a little self-compassion and said, You know what, Lisa? Its okay you have a huge gut. At least it makes your dick look smaller. Oh, my God. Would that not be the coolest thing ever if I had a secret hidden penis that I could whip out and use whenever I needed to? Cause you know my thing would be big, and you know my shit would be black. Am I right? See, you people laugh, but Im gonna tell you something. If you have never been overweight, you do not understand how hard it is. Do you know how difficult it is when I would walk onto a plane, celebrity that I am, 250 fucking pounds, and looking at all you skinny fucking assholes dreading that I would sit my fat ass next to you? You dont even have the nice temerity to lift up that armrest so it doesnt hit my ass cheek every time I walk down the aisle. One time I sat next to a guy, a skinny bastard, and he gives me that look like, Ugh. I just snapped. I go, Oh, really? Uh, you got that screaming infant on your lap, and youre worried about my love handle ruining your flight? Tell you what, stop whining like a cunt, tuck in your elbows, and just be happy youll have something soft to bump into when the plane crashes. That being said, you know what, if youre out there and youre overweight, you always have a place on a plane next to Lisa Lampanelli. I love it. Fat people, come and sit next to me, man. I love sitting next to fat people. They dont talk. Theyre too busy chewing. And also, guys, do yourself a favor and your woman. Even if you sense shes getting a little chunky, do not call your woman fat. That is the last word that a woman can be called, or she will twist your penis into a balloon animal elephant. And Ill prove it. Even if you all are skinny women in here, you would all rather be called the C word than that particular F word, and you know it. And Ill prove it. Not one of yall bitches has ever said to your husband, Honey, do these pants make me look like a cunt? We dont care. Ah, my last fault. Kind of–kind of hard to admit, but its just forewarning. If anybody wants to ask me out, this is what you get. Fault number six. LL, lousy in the sack. Terrible. Sexually repressed, wont try anything new. Do you blame me? Im from Connecticut. Oh, you know the sign going into Connecticut says, Welcome to Connecticut. You wont find your clitoris here. I didnt learn how to do no sex. I didnt know what to do. I had one position– Ugh, hurry up. No, really, at heart, I– In a lot of my specials in the past talk about sex, but its all fucking stories. You know, in reality, I think Im kind of more of a Charlotte than a Samantha. Gay guys, could you explain that to the straight guys in this area? No, cause you guys heard of adventurous chicks. I aint one of em, uh-uh. You guys all heard of three input girls. Ew. Three input, that aint me. Im a three output girl. I can burp, fart, and queef at the same time. But hey, who knows? Who knows whatll happen in my life? I feel pretty freakin lucky, you know what I mean? I got a great career going, Im working on my health, and hey, who knows? Someday, I might find true love. Well see. Well see. I am just always reassured by the words of my life coach and mentor Meat Loaf, who once said, Two out of three aint bad. Love me some Meat Loaf! Now, I didnt always play lovely places like this. In your career, you have to play some dumps, right, so check this out. Ten years ago, Im working at this crap hole in Vegas. I wont even say the name of it, but it rhymes with Shmarrahs. So Im doing the show, and I always bring my opening act with me because I find them really funny. I bring people I like, so I have this gay guy opening for me years ago named Wendel. He is the funniest fag. Oh, my God, and he was super gay. I mean, this guy is so gay, Cher buys his albums. This guy is so gay, whenever he farts, it lisps. Sssss. So hes up onstage, right? Im watching from the back, and Im cracking up, but get this rude crap. I notice theres six people in the front, high roller types, who keep heckling him with homophobic slurs, and I see that, and I freakin snap. I call over the hostess. Im like, Get your freakin minimum-wage, $10-an-hour twat over here, you fucking suck-a-high-roller- cock-for-money bitch. Those people are calling Wendel homophobic slurs. Get em out of here. I wont have that energy in the room. Pay their ticket prices back out of my pay. Get em out right now. Buh-bye. Am I right, or am I wrong? I think that was moral. Well, I got to come up onstage after him, and, oh, one other little character flaw I have. Whenever I do something nice, I cant keep my mouth shut about it. I always have to brag, you know. Oh, maybe thats why God didnt give me a soul mate yet, cause hes like, Lisa, if you would just shut the fuck up, do nice things, maybe Ill give you a fucking good boyfriend, and Im like, What the fuck are you talking about, God? And hes like, Yeah, bitch, maybe do something and not tell the freakin world, like, for charity. Im like, How dare you, God? You have that goddamn book full of all that crap you ever did for anybody. I see it in every hotel room. Thats bragging if I ever saw anything like that, God. And he goes, Fuck you, Lisa. Im like, Suck this, God. Maybe thats why I dont have a boyfriend. Jew, are you allowed to say suck it to God? Jews, Jews, Jews, Jews? So anyway, when I get these people kicked out, I come back on the stage, and Im all self-righteous. I come up, and Im like… You may have noticed theres six empty seats up front. Thats cause these homophobes were calling Wendel fag and faggot, and nobody does that in a Lisa Lampanelli show except Lisa Lampanelli. Oh, yeah. So the audience is cool. They start laughing. Theyre having a good time. Well, get this. Halfway through the show, I spot the guy. Theres always this guy at every show that I do. The arms folded like, You aint gonna be funny cause you a bitch guy. Now, sir, I know you had your arms folded the whole show. No, no, no, no, no. No, shut up. No, hes great, hes laughed at every single joke. The arms folded was just to separate the tits from the gut. I get it. Tit sweat is a bitch. Ive been a victim of it myself. No, but the guy in the audience had the arms folded mean and scowly, so I look at him, and Im like a dog with a bone. I wont let it go. Im like, Oh, really, sir? Youre not gonna laugh once? Really? Really? Really? Really? Really? Really? Really? Really? Well, guess what, bitch, you can get the fuck out too! And all of a sudden, his wife goes, No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Hes deaf. And you know what, folks? That is the moment that I learned a little something about this elusive concept we call self-esteem. I should have realized, if he wasnt laughing… He must be deaf, cause Im Lisa Lampanelli. Thank you, guys! I love you all! Thank you, New York! You freakin rock! ¶

MARC MARON@MORE LATER@2015@– I dont feel great. Its not—like, I think its gonna be fine, but I just— like, I feel bloated and gassy a little, maybe a little feverish. Is this for anybody? – Mm-hmm. – Like, heres what Ill do. Im just gonna have the healthy— just have a healthy salad. What am I doing, dude? We got to start— were starting the show in, like, fucking… This is meat-lovers? Oh, its so dense. Thats a veggie? You kind of want— I dont have to eat the whole thing. Jesus fuck, why am I eating this? What am I doing? Thing is, like, I could have eaten between shows. But in my mind, its like, not gonna be hot. You know what I mean? Its gonna be shit. So now Im eating before the first show. Im eating this. I think we just have to… take a second and understand whats going on here. This isnt just—this is not just, like, a party. Got to do a fucking stand-up special. Its like a job. – What are these notes? Will you talk to me about whats here? – This is the leftover of a mistake. Look, the notes are— its just evolving, you know— like, the different processes of me, you know, putting things together. I dont even think— I think this is maybe a song Im writing. But these are the original post-its of things that were—like, these I did a lot time ago. And sometimes when I look at all this stuff, the actual evolution of things, like this stuff— like, this is the old hour, so I wanted to sort of check. Oh, a lot of this stuff, I didnt do. So this is sort of the act, give or take. And these are the callbacks here. Im not doing that one. Oh, no, these are stories. Mustangs out. Captain Billy, Jesus. MRI is out, ice cream is in. Time Warner is out. MRIs pretty good, but, meh… People like callbacks. And I thought, why not do that? Why not show that I have— that Im professional enough to do that, to structure something? I cant say its gonna fucking work, necessarily. But I think I figured out a way to end it. Like, Im working on this ending. See, thats who I am. Its like, Im taping this special tonight, and I think Ive got the ending, but Im not sure. And Im not even fucking kidding. This is crazy. Like, you would think the best way to go into it is, like, have it all, like, Im set, man. I know exactly the hour. Whats up? Five? [opener performing] [laughter] It is different when theres cameras all around. But, like, you just cant think about it like that necessarily, right? Am I good? My nose bleeding? – No bats in the cave. – All right. I get hung up on shit, man. Like, I start feeling like I have a snot in there, and Im trying to do my show, but all Im thinking about is this snot in my nose. All right, hes gonna close with this. [opener performing] Oh, my god. [cheers and applause] – How was it? – Awesome. – Theyre fucking unbelievable. – Really? – Yeah, its your crowd. – [exhales] emcee: Chicago, are you ready? [cheers and applause] Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Marc Maron! [cheers and applause] Thank you. [cheers and applause] Thank you. Holy shit. All right. – Whoo! – Yeah, whoo! [cheering] That was a properly placed whoo. No out-of-context whoos. I do not indulge whoos that happen in weird places. – Trying to keep it under control. – You keep the whoo under control. I just wanted it to be weird right when I came out, and its happening. I was backstage, Im like, how do I really want to open this thing? Why dont you just attack a woman for no reason about something she didnt even really do? Thatd be a nice way to start your big night. I dont know what to do sometimes. I just—I cant handle the love and respect from you people. So make no mistake, Im hating myself inside. They brought pizza backstage, Chicago pizza. Im not gonna mention any names, cause I dont want to start any shit. But it was one of them. Thats all youre getting. And, of course, like, I got to do this show. I got to be up here and perform to the best of my ability. And I thought to myself, why not not have two slices of deep dish pizza? Why not not do that? That voice was not honored within me. And now I have two slices of that pizza in my stomach, which I will blame if this goes badly. Thats how I plan. That didnt go well— fucking pizza. Got a plan. Ive got an inner blogger that reviews my show as its in progress. Maron started off kind of awkward, making notice of the woman who went, Whoo! Then he just started talking about pizza for no reason, like hes got all day up there. I dont know how this is gonna go tonight. Clearly he doesnt have a plan. Hes already brought me into it. More later. I dont know. Like, Im old. Im not gonna complain about being old, but Im starting to realize that—like, Im 51. Im a 51-year-old man, twice divorced. I have no children. And I live with two cats. And its fucking amazing. [cheers and applause] Thats right. Thats right. Im winning. Im the winner. For years, I used to think, like, why cant I manage a relationship? Why cant I have a marriage? Why dont I have a normal life of any kind? Why cant I just be a regular person? But now Im starting to think, like, I think I dodged a few bullets. I think Im starting to realize that. And all it takes is one conversation with a friend of mine that went the other way. Hes got the wife and the kids and everything else. One conversation for me to know that Im okay. Have you ever had that conversation where you dont know if the guy is talking to you or trying to convince himself that hes made the right decisions with his life? It takes nothing to provoke these conversations. I could not have seen the guy in, like, three years, and Id be like, Hey, man, how you doing? Its been a while. How are the kids? Its fucking hard right now, man. Its bad, its bad. I cant handle it. I want them out of the house, but theyre 7 and 4, and thats just not the right way to be thinking. But I love them a lot. Theyre great kids. I but I just— its fucking awful. Its awful. One of thems smart. The other one seems to have a thing with his hands. Hes okay. But I just want out, man. I want out. But I love em, I love em a lot. Thats sort of a confusing sort of message youre giving me. Is everything okay with your wife? Cant look her in the eye at all. Cant even maintain eye contact with her. Most of the time, I want her dead, or I want to be dead. Its just—its fucking awful. But Im blessed. I mean, Im really blessed, because shes a great woman, and weve been through a lot together. But god damn it. You know where I can get a boat? I think if I had a boat, then I could just go and change my identity somehow. But Id miss my wife, so thatd be kind of crazy. But, god, I want out, man. Im like, wow, that doesnt sound great. Its still kind of confusing. You okay with money? I have no money. Where am I gonna have money? I have a wife and two kids. Where does money come into that? I think about faking my own death all the time, just so they can have the insurance money and I can have my freedom. Im serious. Do you know where I can get a boat? Im not kidding about the boat. But Id miss my family, and I like eating dinner with them. But, god, I just want to leave. How you doing, Marc? Im great. This conversations been great for me. Its been very helpful, actually. I feel okay. I mean, its a little weird sometimes. Im lonely, but Ive got the cats, but, you know, Im okay. And then the guy always goes, Well, I really appreciate you being my friend, you know, and hearing me out, because I cant talk about this stuff to a lot of people, and I love you, man. Im like, Well, I love you too, man. Good luck with everything. And I know that fucker goes home, and the second he sees his wife, says, Ran into Maron, still sad and alone. Just him and those damn cats. Whens that guy gonna get it together, right? I told him how great we were doing, baby. Judas. Yeah, you know, I got the cats. You know, its kind of getting hard to sell the whole, like, you know, 51-year-old dude with two cats as being, you know, an endearing thing. Its a fine line between, Aw, and, Eh, no, no. I have weird moments with my cats. You know, I dont— I guess I could share them. I dont know. Marons gonna struggle for a minute or two, try to figure or not hell share this information, like its some big secret. Seen him do this three times. I wonder what hes gonna do. More later. All right, well, one time, I was on the bed With Monkey and Lafonda. And this came out of my mouth. Out loud I said, I guess its just us now, you guys. Thats kind of sad. Its a real moment, though. Said this to Monkey out loud the other day, not long ago anyways. I said, Youre getting old, buddy. Look at you, youre like an old cat. Youre all old and shit. And you dont think that affects cats. You dont think that they register that kind of thing. But two days later, Monkey shit on my carpet, while maintaining eye contact with me. Nothing you can do when a cats doing that. Just go, like, Okay, thats happening? And theyre like, Yes, it is, Im doing it. And then I thought, like, Is this about the comment I made? It is, right? And he didnt say anything. But you project. And then he tried to bury his shit on the carpet, which I thought was spiteful, and I did feel it was personal. but it wasnt. Theyre just dumb cats. Theyre just stupid animals. Its hard for a cat owner to admit this kind of thing. Like, it wasnt personal. He just had some sort of brain skid and thought he was outside and shit on what he thought was grass, and was the carpet. But we project all kinds of shit onto cats, because were cat people. And just, like, you dont want to believe theyre just dumb animals. Youre like, Not mine, nuh-uh, hes genius. Hes a genius. Hes like a mystical wizard who understands everything, my cat is. Hes a genius. I dont think so. But it happens to me all the time. Ill just see Monkey laying on the bed, just looking out at nothing, and Ill be like, I wonder what hes thinking about. Probably Egypt. No. No, hes just like, Light— ooh, is that a bug? Nope, okay. Nap time. And I used to think my cats were fucked up. I used to think that my cats are, like, crazy, cause they were wild when I found them. I always had that excuse in my head for why my cats were so skittish and weird. But now Im starting to think its me. Im starting to think its me. Im the reason. Like, theyre just cats. Like, youve been with me now for, what, ten minutes? Imagine if you were a cat. Im not the optimal owner of a cat. My cats go through a horrible experience almost daily. I mean, its not unusual for me to wake up and within five minutes go, God damn it, whats happening today? And I have to assume the cats are like, We were just sleeping! What could be the problem already? We were all just sleeping; whats going on And then Ill say, like, You guys want to eat, or what? Why is it a question? Whats going on? Oh, no, hes playing guitar. Im going under the bed. Im going under the bed, cant take this shit today. And theyve become really friendly now with strangers, which they never were, and I really think its, theyre trying to— they want out. Like, they just jump on strangers laps. I can barely get them on my lap, but I think theyre like, Please, take us, take us. I dont know how we got his guy, but its exhausting, its exhausting. I dont like when people say, Youre cats are like your children. No, theyre not. Not unless my children are severely mentally challenged, theyre not like children. Cats are not children. Theyre never gonna surprise you with a word. Theyre not gonna win a sports trophy ever. Like, a cat is what it is when you get it, give or take a few movements, slower or faster, but thats it. Maybe if you have a certain kind of of cat, once or twice in a lifetime youll say, like, Howd you get up there? You know, and then… And then youll be like, I knew you were a genius. But if that was my child, thatd be horrible if that was the proudest moment. Like, What are you doing on top of the refrigerator, son? Thats unbelievable. You just got up there by yourself? At 7 years old? Thats amazing. We didnt think you were gonna do anything ever. God forbid I become like that kind of cat parent, where Im just standing over Monkey going, Say Daddy, say Daddy. Come on, say it. Meow. Thats what he meant! He said it! I would hope anybody who witnessed that would say, We got to get you outside, man. This is sad. Too much time at the zoo here. Time to socialize. But my cats are a little tweaky, because I—Im an anxious, angry-ish person. Someones laughing at that already. Thats all it took? Just my rationalization? Just the setup? No, youre really angry. Im not as angry as I used to be. Im trying to get better. Heres the thing, man. I have an anger problem, and thats not— Like, theres people in here who have anger problems. I know who my people are, and I know you know who you are. And when you admit you have an anger problem, thats not casual conversation. Thats not something that just comes up, like, Oh, yeah, Ive got an anger problem a little bit. If you admit that out loud, its a default, and usually theres at least one crying person in the room. You know, its a Hail Mary pass. Its not a rejoicing moment. Its like, God, I fucked it all up. Better try to get this back together. But the weird thing about having an anger problem is that the one thing we can admit when we have an anger problem is, we fucking love it. We love yelling. We love it right up until youre crying, and two minutes into you crying. We love it. And then we get scared that we fucked things up permanently. But its in us, and we cant admit that. Im not saying its good behavior. But what I am saying is that angry person cant— Like, I can never say Im not gonna have an outburst. I cant—thats a lie. Its gonna happen. What Ive agreed to do with myself and with others is, Im just gonna try and tighten up the space between outburst and apology. Im just gonna try and bring those a little closer together. Its gotten pretty close. This recently came out of my mouth. Shut the fuck up, I am sorry. Thats tight. Thats very tight. I dont think it was an effective apology. I dont think that the apology landed, because I think it was tonally inappropriate. But my brain is working in the right direction. Im getting better. I dont know what to tell you. I just have a river of rage running through me at all times. Its just right there. And as I get older, I realize its really up to me as to whether or not Im gonna put the kayak in the water. Thats really what it comes down to. But some days you just want to spend going, Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck! And people you know will get out of the way. Its like, Hes in the boat; get out of the way. Hes got the oar. And I dont—you know, its like, anger, its satisfying in a way, and, like, sometimes Ill even talk to myself. Thats ridiculous, talking to yourself in public. Thats why I believe you shouldnt judge people who talk to themselves in public as crazy too quickly. I know its fun to be like, Oh, shit, look at that guy. But, like, dont judge. Dont be so quick to judge, especially men. If you see a man talking to himself in public, hes probably not crazy. Hes probably just in a relationship. And what youre seeing is, hes taken the fight to the street, where hes gonna win it on his terms. Thats whats happening. If you see a man talking to himself in public, hes probably doing the right thing. He probably just left a situation where he said, This is bullshit, Im taking a fucking walk! And you just caught him in the middle of his process. Its something along the lines of, like, Fuck her, I dont deserve that shit. Why am I even living with that bitch? What a fucking mistake that was. Hes actually on his way to apologize. Thats what youre seeing. Hes making the loop, where hes gonna walk in and say, Sorry, baby. Its my fault, I apologize. And youre gonna say, Its okay. Im glad you took a walk. But just know, out there on the street, we won that fight. There was no gray area either. We won it. Yeah, angers like— like, I feel good right now. Im actually—Im not as angry. And its weird to perform being pleasant. Like, Im pretty open, and, like, I saw some of you outside on the street. We had a nice conversation. Im like, oh, look at these nice people whove come to see my show. But I dont like me. You know, like, so— But its okay, but, like, I had to realize. I remember the moment where I knew that I liked being angry. You make a choice. Like, theres a moment there where youre like, You dont have to do that. And then youre just, like, in it. Ill explain, heres what happened. Id spent about— I have to preface this story by saying I cant seem to leave my house without forgetting at least three things. I dont know if its my age, but I cant— like, Ill leave, Ill get to the bottom of my hill, and Ill be like, Fuck, my pants! And then I got to go back. Obviously, I didnt really not have my pants. I dont know why Maron feels like he has to explain that joke. Its okay just to have a ridiculous punch line thats abstract and ridiculous. Every night, he explains that joke. Stupid. More later. So…all right, here we go. So I spent about 20 minutes making a cup of coffee. And youd be right to ask yourself, like, that seems long. It seems like a long time to take to prepare a cup of coffee. Well, what happened was, Id gone to a hipster coffee shop, and I ordered—once, once— I ordered the single-source pour-over cup. Thats where they take a cone and put it over one cup of coffee with just enough grounds in the cone for that one cup, and then they trickle hot water over it, because its the best way to have a cup of coffee. Once, I did that. Now, when you do that, part of your brain is like, What is this bullshit? What are we fucking standing here for? And then the other part of you is like, No, its the best way to have coffee. Its a nice way to have it. You can really taste the flavor. Its like, What are you, a fucking sucker? Its coffee! What are we standing here watching this idiot trickle water for? And Im like, Well, can we not do this in front of the barista? Were not doing it out loud yet. You know, okay. So something resonated about the process, because now I was doing it at home, which is why it took 20 minutes. So Im at home, and Im trickling water into a cone, and that part of my brain is like, Are you fucking kidding me? Were doing this at home? You idiot! Im like, Why are you yelling? What do we got to lose? Life! Time! And Im excited. You know, I made the cup of coffee. Im like, this is gonna fuel my rage on the highway. Im gonna be jacked up. And I put it in my travel cup, and I hit the road, and I got to the bottom of my hill, and Im like, fuck yeah, coffee—god damn it! Coffees on the counter in the kitchen. Now… In that moment, I should have just let it go. But for no reason at all, none, I was like, Im backing up the fucking hill. Now, its a quarter of mile. Theres cars on both sides. And no reason. Im like… [angry revving noise] Fuck this! Now, when I got to the front of my house and I had not hit any cars, my first thought was, Youre a fucking idiot. But the louder thought was, Nailed it. I fucking nailed it. That was impressive. I mean, I think theres an argument to be made we do that every morning. Im invigorated. I dont even need coffee. Maybe you could get the neighbors involved. You get to the bottom of the hill, honk the horn, everyone comes out, you wave and smile and just jam it up the fucking hill backwards. Thats how my brain works. I dont know what— I dont know how it all happened. I dont know why—I dont know why Im like I am. Do you ever think about that? Not why Im like I am. But like why youre like you are? Do you ever think about, like, when you were a little kid? Like, what happened to that kid, right? Sort of a sad moment. Like, there was a time where some of us could just be like, Look, I have a rock! And that was enough. That was enough. What happened to that kid? Hes in there still. I still think hes in there. But, you know, you just crush him down. Like, youre just walking down the street, and hes like, Look, a rock! Youre like, Shut up. No time for rocks now. Rocks not gonna fix it anymore. Sometimes, like, do you ever look at other people and, like, see them as a kid? Like, sometimes I have to do that just so I dont hate them. Do you ever, like— You ever have that moment where youre just like, Ah, I fucking hate that guy, and then you picture him as a kid, youre like, Oh, he was that kid, yeah. It was never easy for that guy. Thats the other thing thats weird about me. Like, contempt and empathy are very close together. Like, I dont like— There were things I used to be angry about that Im really not angry about anymore. But my brain doesnt know that. You know, its like phantom limb anger, you know? Like, its just— my hearts not into it, but my brain will still do that. Like, Im a 51-year-old man. I never have to have this thought: Fuck that beard! I dont like—its not— Why would I fucking have that thought? That guys beard isnt doing anything to bother you. But, like, my brain is like, Theres no integrity in that beard. Thats not a real beard. Thats a coffee shop beard. That kind of— That beard in the wild lives off the grid and shits in an outhouse and thinks the Jews run the government. That beard, that guy did not earn that beard. Hes a victim of the Mumford-ing of America. [applause] So my brain has to roll through all that to, like, let it go. Like, its just— its gotten better. I see this as a sign of progress, you know? Like, I was walking down the street near my house, probably talking to myself. And I look up, and I just see this dude walking towards me. I dont even know. I dont even know what it was, but my brain just went, Fuck that guy, like immediately. Fuck that guy. And then, like, two seconds later, my brain went, Aw, hes sad. And I think when theyre that close together, we can call it contempathy. And thats a sign of progress. I think thats a sign of progress. Thank you very much for the consult. [applause] Lets walk around. Marons up; hes off the stool. This never goes well. He does it on impulse and then just makes his way back to the stool. More later. What was I talking about? Childhood. Its weird what sticks in your brain from childhood. I think theres a couple of things I remember. Like, one thing happened just out of nowhere. I went to Trader Joes, and— Lets not get excited about Trader Joes. Lets get over the excitement about Trader Joes. Its not that great. I know we were all excited at first. Like, Do you have a Trader Joes? Yeah, we just got one. But now, like, youre over it, right? You go there, you get the three things you get there. All Trader Joes did was add another stop. Thats all it really did. Now you got to go to the regular supermarket and go get the three things at Trader Joes. Thats all it did. Produce is never good, to the point where youre like, What the fuck is wrong with this? You know, I got—I dont want to talk about Trader Joes, but the point is… It just gets to a point where youre like, somethings got to be evil here. Theres got to be evil at Trader Joes. I dont know what it is, but I think were all gonna find out all at once eventually. The point being, I bought a bunch of bags of the trail mix, the raw mix. It doesnt matter what kind. It doesnt matter; its a detail. Maron, just get on with the joke. More later. Childhood, so heres— So I dump a bag of the trail mix into my face, and theres, like, a bad nut in there. I chewed it, and it was all bitter. It was bad; it was bad. But it was too late to spit it out, so I swallowed this bitter, bad nut. And I had a moment of panic, and then that song from childhood popped into my head. * Found a peanut, found a peanut, found a— * And then, all of a sudden, Im like, Oh, I think that guy dies in that song. Like, Im freaking out. Like, Im pretty sure he dies in that song. So I go to the computer, and Im like— and I Google the lyrics to Found a Peanut. Did not Google what to do if you eat a bad nut. Googled the lyrics of Found a Peanut. And Im like, He does die. He dies. Im gonna have to ride this out. And I think, if Im remembering correctly, the last verse, he goes to heaven and gets a better nut or something. And its way too late for me on the heaven thing. So now Im just like, I dont know whats gonna happen for me in this. I made it through. I made it through. It was touch-and-go. Thank god for that song. Had that to kind of comfort me, in a way. Transcended that element of childhood. What are you rambling about? Keep the meta voices just to one, please. More later. So—oh, the other memory from childhood that was very important to me is that, when I was a kid, I grew up in Albuquerque, New Mexico, and we had a local childrens show host in Albuquerque named Captain Billy, and we liked Captain Billy. We loved him. We watched him when we were eating our cereal, like, me and my brother. I was eating my Cocoa Pebbles, and he was eating Fruity Pebbles, which are bullshit. Never got it, just never got the Fruity Pebbles. Like, I still resent him a little bit now, even, for putting me through watching him eat Fruity Pebbles, just— But its just, like, you know, with Cocoa Pebbles, youre working towards chocolate milk. Youre gonna get chocolate milk. I mean, what do you get with Fruity Pebbles? Just, like, this gay milk. Its just gay milk. Maron feels weird about using the word gay in that context, but he rationalizes it by thinking that Fruity Pebbles had many colors, giving it a rainbow theme, which poetically gives it a pride element. Its a stretch, but thats how Maron makes that joke okay. More later. So… How about Captain Crunch kids? What the fuck was wrong with their mouth? How could you eat that shit? Like, there were people that could eat Captain Crunch, and then just— I had it once, and youre like, What—it just ripped my mouth up! Like, I think all those Captain Crunch kids just became, like, psychopaths or football players or circus performers— I dont know. I couldnt eat it. How about these kids? I like Cheerios. No, you dont. And you really got to start pushing back now, or its gonna be a long, sad life for you. Tell them to get you a fun cereal. They can afford it. Get your own cereal. But I like Cheerios. You dont. And if you dont push back now, youre gonna be a Cheerios pussy your entire life. Metaphorically. Just middle management for you and your Cheerios. So, anyways, Captain Billy. Is this getting through to the balcony? Are you okay up there? [cheers and applause] Do you feel alienated? [applause] You want me to deconstruct what just happened in my head and why I checked in with you? So Im doing good down here, but somehow in my mind Im like, balconys not with me. Like, I just made the decision based on nothing. I think I looked at one person up there, and I just see, like, a vague head, and this is what it looked like. But, like, I project all the time. I dont know what people are thinking about. Why do I assume its about me? I dont know what kind of life you live or what kind of day you had. That guy could be like, I hope I hid that body well. Maron thinks he knows his fans, but I just buried someone today. Bet you Im the only one in here who did that. Fuckin Maron. Anyways, Captain Billy. So heres what happens. We used to watch Captain Billy. Wore a captain hat, had a big mustache, captains blazer. He had puppets, and hed show cartoons, and hed teach us things. And we loved him. We loved Captain Billy. At that point in my life— I guess I was about 7— my father was a doctor. Its unclear what he does now. Were in touch, but I dont press him for any information, because it just doesnt go anyplace good. But he was a doctor. And one day he came home from the hospital for dinner, which was rare, and he sat at the dinner table, and just out of nowhere he said, Someone shot Captain Billy today. Hes at the hospital. Hes in critical condition. I couldnt even wrap my brain around it. Im like, Wha-what? Why would anyone shoot Captain Billy, Dad? Why? And my father, never being appropriate in his life, to this day, looks at his 7-year-old son in the eyes and goes, Some guy caught him screwing his wife. And in retrospect, that is the most important lesson I learned from Captain Billy. [applause] Dont do that. Its a commandment for a reason. That commandment will lead to the other one: murder. Do you ever think about how fucked up the world must have been when they wrote the commandments? Like, how out of control shit was, for a group of guys to come up with those fucking rules? It was a group of people. It was not—God didnt say that to anyone. I dont want to shatter anyones—okay, grown-ups? So the— [laughs] [applause] But could you—I just picture, like, five guys, like, locked into a barn, just panicked. Theyre like, We got to make some fucking rules! Its fucking crazy out there! Some guy shot my brother cause of his hair. No reason! Just killed him on the street, didnt shoot him, because we dont have guns yet! Killed him with a rock! Saw a guy fucking a dog on the street! Its impossible to run a business in this environment. We have to make some rules. How do we get them to listen to the rules? Well invent a god. Theyre morons! Maron feels a little uncomfortable that hes going into religious-type material, because its not what he does right now. But I think they can handle it. More later. Yeah, I dont, like— you know, whatever. Do what you want. You know what I mean? Hang your hopes on whatever you got to hang your hopes on. You know, its like life after a certain point, like, whatever meaning youre looking for, youll realize one day, like, Shit, I think all Im doing is buffering disappointment. Marc just crashed it. Just threw the whole fucking set in the garbage. Everything was going fine. Just got to throw out some amateur existential garbage into the brains of his adoring fans so that they doubt everything. This is the best part of Maron. More later. I—I dont have time to— Im a Jew, whatever that means. Yeah, we whoo, but what does it mean? Im a Jew; culturally Im a Jew. I was brought up a Jew. I did the thing. I made a little money. Then you—what, its, like, a language you dont understand. You dont even understand when you learn to read it. Theres no real message there. And if you grew up, like, middle-class conservative Jew, you dont get any real lessons. And at some point, when youre a kid and youre a Jew, you say to your mom, Mom, do Jews have a god? And your mom goes, Just eat. And remember were better than other people. Thats it. Thats American Judaism in a nutshell. I dont know if this is gonna be in the special. [applause] My neighborhood is— Lets just do— lets get through it. I dont know a lot about religion. Im not very sophisticated with that stuff. I just—I dont have a god in place, and that doesnt seem to concern me. Like, Ill just deal with my weird discomfort existentially with, you know, with food and masturbating and, you know, movies. Just keep feeding the hole. I dont know why that— Isnt that what being American is all about? [cheers and applause] I got a gig in North Carolina, in Raleigh, North Carolina. I had booked a gig on Easter weekend, and I didnt even know it was Easter weekend. All right, so I booked a gig. They were sending a neurotic, godless, angry Jew to the American South on arguably the most Jesus-y weekend of the year. And I didnt know anything about— Like, I dont know anything about it. I know who Jesus is. I know he was a man. Like, I know he had a beard. I know he took the hit for everybody. I get the concept. I get the concept of the Jesus religion. Oh, you think you got it bad? Get a load of that guy. Cancer, huh? Thats sad. Look at Jesus. Your dog is sick? But, you know— But Im an empathetic person. I figured that out. I learned empathy. Like, I always had it, but I had to reengage it. I didnt know what the word empathy meant for a long time, and I didnt really experience it very effectively during that time. But now I kind of know what it means. I think, like, for me, the working definition of empathy is being able to put yourself in the place of the person youre yelling at. Like, I think thats the primer. Thats how I learned it. So Im going to the South, and Im starting to feel empathy for the people that are gonna be in my audience. Its an important weekend for them that have Jesus in their heart and might still believe, and I dont want to be rude to them. And I like Christians that are like, Yeah, I grew up with it, but I dont got it anymore. So its like hes just out? Hes just out of your heart? He just goes? But hes close by, right? Like, in a pinch, hes back, right? Like, Jesus is just— hes just down at the drug store having a Coke, right? Could you just picture Jesus at the counter of a drug store like, Oh, shit, he thinks he has something on his dick. I got to—all right. What? Yeah, I dont know what that is either. Why dont you go to a doctor? I hope it works out okay. Oh, shit, hes on an airplane. What? What do you want? I dont know if its gonna crash. Yeah, its scary. It is scary. Okay? Okay. So my first gig is Good Friday, and I dont know anything about it. I genuinely do not know what it is. So Im in my hotel room in North Carolina, and I Google Jesus. And I read a little bit, and then Im taken to the Good Friday Wiki. And I read a little bit, and what I learned fairly quickly is that that was not a good day for Jesus, at all, really. Arguably the worst day of Jesuss life. And I dont know, those of you who are hanging on to hopes that hell come back, maybe one of the reasons hes not is the cold, hard, literal irony of calling that day by that name. Maybe you should rally a little grassroots momentum towards the Pope to change the fucking name to something more honest, like The Worst Fucking Day of Jesuss Life Day. Then maybe Jesus will be like, All right, that was a nice gesture. Ill go down and see if I can salvage some of those morons. And by morons, I dont mean anyone in here. Are you getting mad, lady? Are you getting upset? You okay? Okay. I just projected a personality onto her. So anyways, so Im reading the story of Good Friday, and I have to relate to it in a personal way, because thats how I read things. Im not saying that Im Jesus-like or that I have any aspirations to being a Jesus. I mean… I think I have the charisma and… charm to be a cult leader, but I lack the vision, quite honestly. I lack the vision. Clearly, I can bring people together. I can get people into the room. But if you guys had those kind of expectations, I believe youd be disappointed. Youd be leaving going like, I wasnt uplifted at all. I dont think that guy has got his message together. Cause it would get sad. Eventually youd all be like. And Id be like, Aw, Im sorry. I guess Im just gonna get something to eat and go back to my hotel. But 200 years from now, theologians will be like, What Maron meant by a hotel was, arent we all guests? We are, arent we? I think that it fell on deaf ears when Maron was preaching his gospel. But now hes more understood. And sadly, that was the last night anyone saw him in Chicago. Rumor has it he entered the water trying to catch fish underneath the water. Marons riffing about Jesus for no reason. Gone completely off-road now. More later. So…okay. Lets stay in it. Its all gonna turn around. I want to make sure I got this in the can. Good Friday, let me see if I can get it right. Jesus is in trouble. Hes standing before Pilate. Pilates like, Oh, this guy. Oh, god, I dont want to deal with this. Go to the Jews, let Herod deal with you. Jesus goes to Herod. In my mind, Herod goes, Oy oy oy. What am I gonna do with this guy? Troublemaker, this one. Some Christian came up to me after a show and he said, You know, Herod wasnt a Jew. Im like, dont buzzkill with truth. So…so then Herod goes, Go back to Pilate; I dont want to deal with this. And then Jesus goes back to Pilate, and Pilates like, Why are you back? I dont want anything to do with this. Lets ask the crowd what to do. What should we do with Jesus? And the crowd goes, Kill him! Thats the story, right? So Jesus died because of a shitty crowd? [applause] Ive had that experience. But I can just come back and try again. Jesus really died, right, adults? He died, and then he came back from the dead, right? Grown-up people? Came back from the dead. Thats it, right? And people believe that. Theyre like, Yeah, and you cant argue with them. Like, its impossible. No, its Jesus. I just want to postulate this idea. Is it possible that, like, a few of the apostles were like, Fuck, hes dead, were out of work. We got to… Wheres the body? Wheres the body? I think we can hoist it up. Lets just get behind this hill right here. Are they looking? Are they looking? Theyre crying and praying? Great, we did it. Throw him back down. Were set, were set. Reasonable question in the culture we live in today: Do you think Jesus was a fast zombie or a slow zombie? [groaning, laughter] Why? Why? Whyd I have to do that to people that had Jesus in their mind? I just sullied your pristine image of your—of Jesus. Like, you had the like… And now you had to indulge… [roars] Wouldnt that be insane, if he came back like that? People would be so freaked out. Theyre like, Oh, Jesus is back. Thats great. No, its not, its not great. What are you talking about? Weve been waiting. Hes eating children. Wait, Jesus is eating children? Hes eating everybody. Hes just eating people; its horrible. Wow, this is not what we expected. I know, right? What are you gonna do? Well, Im gonna follow Jesus. Ive been waiting. I dont see why this should stand in the way. – All right, well, fuck, hes coming. Lets just run for now. All right, Marons gonna not talk about Jesus anymore now. I dont love kale; I dont love it. You know, I eat it, but I dont love it. Do you love it? Like, when did it happen? When did the kale thing happen culturally? When did the cultural conversation about kale begin? I went through my whole life, never had one conversation about kale. Now one out of three involve it somehow. It was recent. Like, maybe three years ago, the first idiot came up to me and said, You eating kale? Im like, No, Im not. Then youre dying! Youre dying! You need to eat kale. Juice it or something. Get it in you. All right, Ill make note; Ill eat it. Do it in front of me! Now youre weird. Now its just a weird thing youre doing. Maybe I had one conversation about kale. When I was a little kid, my family went to an all-you-can-eat restaurant, and I was getting food with my dad, and I think I said, Dad, what are all these green leaves on the ice around the food were getting? And my dad—Im paraphrasing— said, Oh, thats kale. They grow it for garbage. When did kale make the jump from buffet garnish to life essential? When did that happen? Its around the same time that people started putting bacon in everything. I can track those. Same time I had the kale conversation, the first one, it was around the same time the first guy came up to me and said, You ever had a bacon cupcake? Im like, No, bacons not for cupcakes. It is now, man. Sweet and savory, get on board, bro. About three years ago, kale and bacon replaced good and evil in our culture. And you just have to find someplace between them to lead a moral life. And lets be honest. Theres only two ways to prepare kale that I have found. You can either prepare it sadly or self-righteously. Those are the only two ways to prepare kale. [applause] This is sadly. God, this is bullshit, man. Why am I eating this? And this is self-righteously. Mm-hmm, yes, I am eating this. Daddys eating healthy, Monkey. Look at Daddy eating kale. Lets talk about love, I guess. What are you doing down there? Whats the matter? – I have to take a picture. I cant help it. – You have to take a picture? Of me? – Yes, I dont know why— – I know why, cause youre drunky. Youre all drunky. – If Im totally sober, I would still do it. – If youre totally sober, youll still do it? All right. Well, I dont know that I want to stop the entire momentum of the show to indulge your drunken desire to take a picture of me. I know that youve had a few cocktails, and somehow or other, youve decided that this is just about me and you. But no, its not. The whole night—okay, okay. Here, I have an idea. Dont ruin the rest of the evening. [cheers and applause] So… Okay, yeah, Ive been through some relationships lately. Some of you are up to speed on some of that stuff. Some bad ones, theres been some bad ones. Like, I was with a woman for a few years, like 3 1/2 years. I almost married her, until I realized I dont think she likes me at all, ever. Thats a weird moment. You ever had that moment where you wake up and youre with someone for 3 1/2 years, and youre like, Youve never liked me at all, have you? And then you have to ask yourself, Why the hell did I let that happen? And for me, it was like, that was the best three years of my life every other way. Career picked up, I was making a living again. I wasnt hating on myself at all. But some part of my brain was like, We can outsource that job. Bring her in to do it, be fine. And that was an angry relationship, man. I cant do that anymore. I cant do the angry— like, Im so much better. Im so much better. You know when youre an angry person, and then you find another angry person, and you just yell and fuck and cry, and you think thats intimacy, the crying part, and… Its just crazy. Its crazy, and its embarrassing. But, like, its hard to get out of that, because theres no sex better than the sex had on a pile of clothing taken out of drawers to leave you with. I mean, theres really no sex better than that. So much depends on that. You really got to show up for work that day. No sloppy apologizing in the middle of that one. You dont want to end with, Sorry, I dont know what happened. You need to end with, like, Thats right, baby. What do you say we put these clothes away? But its embarrassing to be in a yelling relationship, because, like, you have neighbors. Its like, you get ashamed of yourself. Youre screaming at each other, and then one day you realize, like, theyve got to be hearing everything. Like, I see my neighbor putting his garbage out, and I got to fight the urge to not say, Im not hitting her. Not hitting her. Just emotional abuse, were both doing it. Were both doing it. I mean, you hear the shit she says, right? You hear that shit, right? Why you looking at me weird? She doesnt even live here. Youre my fucking neighbor. Pick a team, asshole! Yeah, almost married that one. Then there was the age-appropriate one who I thought I was in love with, and that was rough. That was crazy. She started the relationship by saying this to me. I will not tolerate yelling, and I will not tolerate leaving. So—so what do I do, then? When both of those would be the right thing to do. Crying was the answer. Crying was okay. Ill squirt out a few tears. I dont mind. Thats whats right underneath the angry, just a sad little boy with a rock that no one cares about. How come no one… Dont you like my rock? That it, really. Thats all thats under there, under anger. Like, if youre ever yelling at a woman and youre a man, 95% of the time, all you should be saying is, Why cant you be my mommy? Why are you not my mommy? I know men in here are like, Thanks for giving them that tool, Marc. That was really gonna help us. Whose team are you on, brother? Just think its true. But Ill cry, Ill cry a little bit. I dont mind crying; its good for you. But I will say this. The two most embarrassing things you can be caught doing as a man— or maybe I should just say as this man, are either crying uncontrollably, just weeping uncontrollably, or experiencing profound joy. Let me try and— Ill illustrate it for you physically. Like, either this: Oh, god, what am I gonna do? [blubbering] Why?! [sobbing] [screaming] That. Or this: Yay! Ooh, yay! [applause] And if you think that you have profound joy in your life and youre not doing that, youre tempering it, and probably for good reason, because who would tolerate that for more than once? Ooh, breakfast! Yow! Okay, turn it down a little bit. Turn it down. Not attractive. But I feel so good! So that relationship didnt work out. Then I had a long-distance relationship, which was— Maron apparently needed to fiddle with the mic stand for a little while. More later. The long-distance thing is weird. You can actually make it work because of technology. You can have a long-distance relationship with some sense of intimacy, because you can Skype. You can talk in real-time to a person and watch them talk to you in real-time on your screen, and you can say things, like romantic things like, Move closer so your heads actual-size. Its weird, right? You can have Skype sex, which is a cute way of saying masturbating to each other, masturbating in real-time while you watch each other masturbating. Thats cool. Everyones done it, or you will do it. Its only the first time that its weird. The first time, when youre like, I guess were doing this. Are we doing it? Were doing it. Oh, shit. But by the second time, youre like, Are you set up? All right, get set up. I thought it was now. Ill Skype back in five, get set up. Theres only one rule for Skype sex, really. The only advice I can give you is, stay focused on whats happening. Just stay focused. Dont let your eyes drift to the little box in the left-hand corner. Just stay on this. Try to avoid that moment where youre like, Whos this sad masturbating guy? Oh, shit, thats me. Why do I even keep that box open? Positioning. Am I in? Is everything in? You good? You can see all of it? Its all in? Okay. Its the universal sign for jerking off. That doesnt mean anything anywhere else. Theres no culture where this means ripping your dick off. Or there was one, but they didnt survive. Marons so proud of that stupid joke. More later. Its weird, though. Like, I dont know where the gender conversation or debate is on any given day. You know, I know theres constant issues and struggles. I understand that. But I do know that one show, a woman came up to me after the show, after I had done that, and she said, angrily, You know, women masturbate too. And Im like, Oh, I didnt know I had to cover… What do you want me to do? Like, so now Ive got to be like… or… Do you remember the first time you saw a woman masturbating in front of you, and the first thought you had was, Wow, that thing can take a beating. I thought that was a fragile flower. But you look like youre digging for something. Oh, my god. Do you want me to touch it like that? Like that? Really, like that? Oh, my god, we got to ease into that. I cant even look at you the same way right now. I dont know. See, I dont talk about sex that much, because for some reason, we decided its not— I have to talk about it a little bit. Ive been talking about it more lately on stage. Like, its— theres a weird difference between, like, pants time and no-pants time. Like, you know, no-pants time, we all do that. Were all, like— were fucking filthy animals, you know? Its amazing. And then we just have to, like, Now Im going to work. Right? Im fascinated with it, kind of. Its weird, like— Ill share this. I dont really know why I do, but I kind of know why. Like, that woman who I almost had a baby with, the one who I was gonna marry, like, she really wanted a baby, all right? Im gonna try to walk over here. She really wanted a baby. And I didnt really want one, right? But I didnt use protection or anything, because Im like, Lets roll the dice. So… And Im a child when it comes to protection. Like, I cant feel anything. Yeah, Im that guy, at 51. Im not proud, Im not proud, all right? People are like, What about diseases? Well, you know, you speculate. So… Anyways, Im sharing this for reasons that I dont know, but Im going to. Like, she— Maybe its to find out if anyones ever felt this. Like, she wanted a baby so bad, and I didnt want one, but she did badly. So, like, if I came anywhere within a foot of her vagina, I swear I had to keep an eye on that come. [groaning, laughter] Its like, All right, Ill get a Kleenex, but that stays out. That stays on the tummy. It doesnt go in, right? Dont want a finger baby. Id like to be part of it. [groaning, laughter] Really, thats where youre gonna draw the line? That, to most of you, is like, I dont know if we need to know that. Isnt that weird, that thats it? Like, were all people here, right? Everyone in here, everyone, has had come on them. Every one of you has had come on you. Every woman in here has said, Can you get something, please? Yes, it is a lot. Could you just get something? Just get a towel— not that towel. Get the shitty towel. Every man in here has surprised himself with the masturbation session he didnt think was gonna happen. Oh, shit, oh, fuck, okay, okay. Everyone has had come on them. Its where we come from. Its what bonds us. Come. It is. And were all filthy— Its just so funny to me. Like, you know when you do something sexually one night, and you look at your partner, and youre like, Holy shit, did that happen? Wow, we are dirty. And then you just got to go to work the next day and just act like a person, and not like a filthy monster. Its like… Its the only thing that keeps society, like, together, is pants and shame. Thats the only thing that— All right. Lets close with something big. Ice cream can go fuck itself. I know some of you are like, I dont understand. Ice cream is fun. Its, like, great. What would be the problem? Because its fucking horrible. Because I cant—like, I have an issue with ice cream. For me, ice cream is for children to enjoy and for me to feel ashamed of, all right? This is just the way I operate. Im a drug addict. I havent done anything in, like, 16 years. [applause] Its all right, no. Doesnt make me a good person. My point is, if I eat a little ice cream, I dont know how long its gonna go on for. It could go on for fucking weeks. Like, I have a daily struggle with ice cream. And its pathetic, but its real. Because ice cream, its the perfect drug. It can work both ways. Like, this shows gone well. Like, I could end the show, and part of me would be like, I kind of want to keep this party going. Could get a little ice cream, just, like, keep rocking. Or lets say the set went badly and I was like, Ugh, why do I even do comedy? I dont want to live anymore. Im gonna get some ice cream. Itll work both ways. Its a beautiful drug. But its a struggle for me, because Im compulsive. Like, maybe if I walk you through it, youd have move sympathy for this struggle. Okay, lets do it. [laughs] What am I doing? You dont know what Im doing? Its like this weird— like, could you imagine if you had OCD as a comic, and you only have, like, three things to work with? Ah! I guess that was a short performance piece called OCD Guy. [applause] Thank you. [applause] Okay. So heres whatll happen. Ice cream, this is the struggle. Lets say I just did—lets say I just did a good set at the Comedy Store in Hollywood, and I drive home. I get home at 11:45 at night. I walk into my house, and I think, like, that was a good day, had a good set. Im just gonna get some sleep like a grown-up. Im gonna go to bed now. And then part of my brain will be like, Fuck that. Its fucking ice cream time, lets go! Lets get some ice cream! Im like, No, you know, its late. Theres no reason to eat ice cream at this hour. You know, were adults. I dont think we need to do that. Fuck you, adult asshole. Lets get some ice cream. And then I might try to do this one. No, the store closes. Its closed; were never gonna make it. You can make it, man. You can make it if you leave right now. All right, its open for ten more minutes. And Im like, I dont really think we should—  Shut up! Go get it! Im like, All right, all right. So then Im driving. Going to get ice cream. And you know when you have that singleness of purpose where youre like, Oh, this is gonna be good, because nothing—ice creams always going to deliver. Theres nothing in life that is that steady, where youre like, Im gonna get it, and its gonna go in my mouth, and its gonna be fucking great. So Im driving, and I get to the store, and I can see theyre trying to close, and I have to fight the urge to not say this out loud. Im getting ice cream. So then you kind of scramble to the ice cream freezer, and, like, and you just stand before it. Yay! Ooh! And then, if you havent been there in a few weeks, then the next thought is like, Wow, Ben & Jerrys has been up to some shit. What is happening? Its like 90 new flavors. Why dont they just make a flavor thats called Theres way too much shit in this ice cream, yay? You always have that moment where you pick it up, its like, Wow, Cheddar Goldfish. Well, I guess they know what theyre doing. Bacon, of course. Pennies, thats weird. Pennies. Ill try it. So… In my mind, Im gonna get one pint of ice cream. I mean, its gonna last me a couple of days. What? And I always think that. Every time I do it, I always think that. And this is what happens. I get a complicated flavor, maybe a new one, maybe an old standby, like Peanut Butter Cup perhaps. So I get the complicated flavor, and Ill be like, All right, this is good. Well just spread this out a couple days. Ill walk three steps, and Ill be like, Shit, need some vanilla to cut it with. Gonna need a cut. Got to cut this. You cant eat this straight. You know, you got to step on it a little bit. So… So now Im walking out with two pints of ice cream. I didnt want any ice cream, and now Ive got two pints. And Im going home thinking Im gonna be responsible with the ice cream. Now, heres what happens when I get home. I get inside my house, and I think, All right, this first bowl is gonna be a grown-up bowl of ice cream. See, I already fucked up, cause Im saying the first bowl. My only bowl… is gonna be a grown-up bowl of ice cream. So then Ill thaw the stuff out, take a few minutes to thaw it out. Then Ill take the tops off, get a bowl, a spoon. Put about a third of the complicated flavor in, then a couple hits of the cut in there, put the lids on, put it back, in the freezer, and then go sit down on my couch and eat a grown-up bowl of ice cream with a spoon and bowl. So I just sit there watching TV. Oh, its so good. Maybe Ill even put the bowl down. Ill eat the whole bowl like that. And then Ill go into the kitchen. Ill put the bowl in the sink, and Ill put the spoon in the sink. Ill go sit on the couch and watch a little more TV. 23 seconds go by. And Im like, Oh, god damn it! Now, I take the pints out of the freezer, put them on the counter, pop the lids off. No bowl necessary. [grunting] Just eat some of that complicated flavor. [grunting] And then, like, eat some of the vanilla. Throw the lids on. Throw them back into the freezer, because now Im pissed, and then walk around my kitchen going… [exhausted mumbling] Ah, so good, okay. And then Ill go sit on my couch for five seconds, and Im like, No, no! Then, now Im just eating over the freezer, like someones gonna catch me, like… [frantic grunting] So I eat, like, all of the complicated flavor. Theres only, like, four tablespoons left. Theres about an eighth of a pint of the vanilla cut. And in my mind, Im like, I didnt eat it all. I didnt eat it all. Theres still ice cream. Have you ever been to someones house, and you have to go into their freezer for some reason, and you see ice cream in there that looks like its been in there for, like, months, and theres part of you thats like, What kind of fucking people… could just have ice cream in their house? What kind of control-freak monsters live here? Who—I thought I knew these people. I got to get out of here before they try to control me, these freaks. All right, so now Ive consumed well over a pint and a half of ice cream. And I feel gross. Ive just fed the shame engine. Thats what my body is. This is a shame engine that runs on specific foods. And Ive got a phantom fat issue, which I know is not a sympathetic position. Im an idiot that always thinks hes fat. So, like, I feel it in my heart, even though I know its not there. Body dysmorphia, its my moms fault. Try to have a little compassion. So now Im just like, What did I do? Im all full of ice cream, and its gross. And like, in my mind, Im like, Oh, no, what did I do? And then Im like, Oh, fuck, I guess Ill just go to bed. And then I get into bed, and I dont know where to put my phantom fat. Im just laying there like, What the fuck happened? Pint and a half of ice cream is bullshit. I didnt even want it. Now I cant fucking sleep. What am I gonna do now? Some voice goes, You know what youre gonna do now. Youre gonna sadly masturbate. Thats what youre gonna do. And thats, like, the worst kind of masturbation, when you dont even want to do it, and youre just doing it because you dont feel good and youre awake. And you, like, cant even commit to it. Youre just like, Blough. And when you come, you actually go, No! Ugh. And youre like, Oh, shit, okay, okay. And you get a towel. Dont look at me, Monkey. Daddys sad. Get out, get out. You get back into bed. You lay down. Youre like, That was fucking horrible. Fucking sad. Howd this night end like this? Then you, like, lay there for, like, 40 seconds, and then youre like, Theres still some ice cream left. Im gonna go hit that shit. Think Maron did a pretty good show tonight. Im proud of him. More later. Thank you. [cheers and applause] Aw, thank you. [cheers and applause] Like, Ive sort of evolved into a fairly kind of like… very personal, its my world, my brain, kind of comic, you know. And I used to be a lot more aggressive politically and more provocative in certain ways, but I dont feel like I want to do that anymore. – Is it comfortable now? – Yeah, it is comfortable, and I enjoy it comfortable. But, like, you know, its like, I dont want to divide people. And I think, like, the shit I do about God, you know, Jesus can handle it. Jesus people can handle it. Its not that racy, you know. But Jesus Zombie, Im very happy with.

DYLAN MORAN@OFF THE HOOK@2015@Ladies and gentlemen, will you please welcome to the stage Mr Dylan Moran. [CROWD CLAPPING] [CROWD CHEERING] Hey! Hello! Thank you! Hello, thank you very much for coming out, thank you for leaving your computer screens and all the arguments you were refining at home, I am very glad you came. Um, now you people, all of you here are the survivors, as far as I am concerned. You are the people who are tough enough to live in London. I didnt quite make it, I tried it some time ago, but, you know, you need a lot of grit, a lot of gumption. Youve seen people who wimp out. They move to Kent or whatever and they still think that theyre sort of, you know, in the mix, and theyre not, you know that. Theyre finished, theyre not even human beings. Youre glad to see them go, thats it, you didnt have what it takes, you couldnt handle the irony before lunch. Jazzercise for dinner. Didnt have that thing in you, that makes you hungry, that gives you what you need to live in a paper cup at the bottom of somebody elses garden in Balham. You gotta have that thing. Twelve hundred pounds a month, its a fucking bargain. Cause its tough, you know its tough here, look at the faces outside. Look, the streets are thronged with people who look like they havent been able to take a shit in years. It is tough out there, you know it. Everybodys here, everybody. Everybody came from everywhere. Thats why all those right wing parties all over Europe, we have one here in Britain, UKIP, telling people to stay away, people. Going, Stay away! Theyre never going to succeed long term anywhere, because, you know what, everybody goes everywhere, you may have noticed. And we need them, we need everybody. We need all the people that come here. We need all the people from the east, clever, ingenious people from Eastern Europe that came over. A lot of suspicion at first. These are ingenious people, look at what they did after the second world war, after 1989. These people didnt have a whole lot in a lot of these countries. Their inheritance was, you know, half a cabbage, a rusty spoon and a cow with a cough, so… They had to think and make it work and they did, and now theyre here and people were suspicious for superficial reasons. You know, just because their names look like wifi codes. Its a name, what does it matter? Does it matter? These people can pickle anything, of course you need them. Nowadays, when you see a Russian in a Hollywood movie, theyre always a villain because of one man, because of Putin. Everybody else is a villain all of a sudden, if you see a Russian in a Hollywood movie, he has a scar, it starts here, it goes over his face, over all the furniture in his apartment, out into the street, he doesnt have a left hand, he just has a blender or something, and all he says is, [IN RUSSIAN ACCENT] Since I come to your country, its very easy for me to make bomb, from old cereal packet and dead cat, ha ha ha ha ha. You need all the voices. You need American voices, you need the American voices from the further west to counteract our European attitude, cause those people are so positive, theyre who walk around going, [IN AMERICAN ACCENT] Giving it 100%, 5,000%, Im so glad to be here. Are you good? Hey, how are you? Are you good? To us that sounds like a threat. What is this giving it 100% stuff, were European, we give it 11% okay, thats it. If somebody you know is on fire in front of you, maybe, youll knock it up to 13, but thats it! But we need them. Even here within these islands people have suddenly gone all suspicious. I live up in Scotland, okay. You know, the other place. Its become this weird division now, where people are regarding each other with a lot of suspicion, and wariness. You need all the voices of these parts. You need Scottish voices, these people are very good to talk with and argue with, theyre very good at catching you out, theyll get you on a technicality even at 2 a.m., in a pub. If you listen to them they are very, very refined in their thinking. Theyll say, [IN SCOTTISH ACCENT] Actually, youre talking radioactive piss. The Welsh people, of course you need the Welsh people, the Welsh people have sort of been side-lined because of whats going on between England and Scotland. Wales is the traumatised child in the car being driven around by the bickering couple looking out the window going, Oh please! And you need all the voices, you need Welsh voices, they have the best voice in the world for breaking bad news gently. [lN WELSH ACCENT] Well, it just sort of exploded you see, it just, it was fine one moment, we were there and now we dont go near it, its just… You need, you need English voices, of course, you need English voices. They are very reliable voices for explaining why nothing works. [IN ENGLISH ACCENT] Its never worked, its always been like that, its fine we like it, dont touch it. And you need, you need voices from the Republic of Ireland, of course, cause theyre the best excusers in the world. The most carefully crafted excuses that ever existed. People say, [IN IRISH ACCENT] Oh well, now we would have had it, but my brother gets wet very easily. You need voices from Ulster because… I wasnt actually doing this thinking everybody would be here, but you are, thats okay. You need that really amazing voice from there because that just sounds like a brain talking to itself, you dont know whats going to come out next, its like a Van Morrison song. [IN NORTHERN IRISH ACCENT] l was just there alone with my grapefruit, you know, so I put it on a piece of wood, I like it in a box. I go synchronised swimming by myself, you know it saves on the cost. l havent slept in 17 years… The point is, you need all these people, because people are always blaming other people for the crisis and you are constantly told there is a crisis, were in a major crisis all the time, because of the rolling news culture we live in, financial crisis, the collapse happened in all the fun countries, places where you go to have a good time, Portugal, Ireland, Greece, Spain, you know. Places where people run around in front of you and go, Its nice, I make! You sit, eat, drink, its nice! West of Ireland, very dependant on tourism, and, um… The… You need everybody. The thing is you know, the crisis come and go and you blame this person or that group of people, but the ultimate crisis never changes, its always the same. You know, and thats that were all going to die. Were all going to die, all of us. Yeah, Im sorry thats a spoiler, but we are, were all going to die, and people hate it when you say it out loud. Most of the time they hate it, especially if youre having sex. If youre afflicted with that condition that makes you go, We are all going to die! every time you cum, its very hard to get the mood back. But we are, and we are all, you know, theres no point blaming everybody else cause were all ultimately alone, as well. Here we are, hot fleas in the gulping dark. We are alone. Cause people dont really have religion any more, you know. You dont really have religion in this country anywhere, I mean, you know, the Christian religion doesnt really exist in a big way here. You never really had it, to be honest. We had it in Ireland, that was religion. What you had was a dressing up box with some cardigans with holes in the elbows, everybody would meet up and have some ginger nuts and sing a few tunes and go home, we had religion. The thing that makes you feel bad from the moment youre awake with God squatting on the end of your bed with his fist pressed between your eyes going, Wake up, shit bag! Thats religion. Now that was a very confusing time for a lot of people. I grew up in the 70s in Ireland and it was intense, the religiosity of the whole country, you know, it was confusing if you were young. I remember saying to my granny, Granny, how many priests do you have to blow to get into heaven? And of course, she was an older person, she didnt want to talk about these things. She would go, Oh, stop it now, eat your tea, but I was persistent, Come on, Granny, how many? And she would go, Oh, I hate putting a number on these things about 40! Now come on, eat! But thats not really around, so much, any more. Religion, people are very pleased that religion doesnt exist. Secular people are delighted, they are thrilled with themselves, their material view of everything, congratulating themselves in the queue outside the Apple shop, which lights up the street the way churches used to, filling in there, feeling the shame, shuffling in because they have the old phone. They go in there to be told how to be liberated by the high priest who are all dressed in black with their piercings and ponytails who explain how the new pocket altar will release them from their earthly burdens. Now its fox, pinker and humptown, you can upwind monkey fuck on trickle back. Oh, great! l didnt know what I was doing there for a while, youve completely set me free, thank you so much. Thats the new religion. My son comes in, hes completely, excited, you know, hes 12 and everything, that whole generation is excited about all this technology but hes kind of ambiguous about it, as well. He knows its not real fun a lot of the time, but he goes, Oh, look, youve got to see this game or this app, its really interesting. I grab it off him and I say, Get out of here, go and play, go and fall out of a tree, have a fight. Dont phone me until youve been arrested. Obviously, on a landline from some station. Come on, this is just gonna waste your time. Three hours later its me stood there going, Haha! On Candy Flaps or whatever that thing is. I looked up recently, it was one in the morning, I thought, What am I doing with my life? Species are being wiped out, glaciers are melting, somewhere somebody is eating a Swiss roll, and I am doing this, what the fuck am I doing? You know, life is so brief, here we are, there are four ages of human being, child, failure, old and dead, thats it! Thats all you have. You have to be here and enjoy it. So I said, What am I doing? and then I realised I had to get to level 19 or it would all be meaningless. Now, of course people want distraction, of course we do, because reality is pretty tough stuff. The news, you know, all that stuff, the so-called Islamic state people. I tried to look for, you know, some bright points with these people, thats a bit of a struggle, you know. At the beginning I was watching them and going, Oh, come on, you scamps. Stop it now. But they dont even take weekends. Somebody needs to tell these people they are seriously interrupting brunch for a lot of people. You look at them and you think, Oh, my God, this is so bleak, this has got to be peak bleak. I cant… I dont know who I am any more. I cant stand this, you look at it and I dont even know which snack to eat with which war. Look, say what you like about fundamentalist death cults, they go very well with the heavier cheddars. But you do think, l dont know if I can take much more of this shit. I dont really watch the news any more. I just have two old men sitting at the end of my room staring at each other, on the hour, every hour one of them shouts at the other one, Terrorist! And the other one shouts, Paedophile! And then a woman walks in between them and says, Rain expected. Ive got it pretty much covered, I think. No wonder then that people look for other things to watch. Television, you know, all kinds of shit television. Television which was invented in Scotland, of course. My Scottish wife, we live in Scotland, reminds me all the time about all the amazing things Scotland has invented. It goes on and on, lists of things that you depend on every single day of your life, youre not even aware of. Monkeys, steam, paella, lightning, kung-fu, pubic hair, the list is endless, and… Golf, thats another one. Golf, you get that at the end of your working life, youve worked for 45, 50 years, thats your reward. You get to hit the tiny ball into the tiny hole four miles away behind the tree using a shoe horn, well done you! To show everyone how into it you are, you have to wear these sexually repellent clothes, so they know just how hard youre avoiding your wife, well done! But they also invented television which people are very addicted to in terms of distraction, you know. I started watching a lot of television in the last year or so, cause I gave up smoking, okay? Yeah, thank you very much, but the thing is, thats… That revealed to me how exposed I was, cause its a prop, you know, you depend on something, putting something in your mouth all the time. Its a screen against the world and so on, and I suddenly felt incredibly alone and depressed, you know, but its okay we can talk about depression now, thats okay because of all the lovely celebrities whove come on and talked about their therapies and treatments, theyve normalized it, and its fine now, you can talk about it. Although, I did notice when they were talking about it I felt the same way I feel when I listen to my own friends talk about their depression which is, You dont know what youre fucking talking about. My self-loathing is much worse than yours. Whats that you say? Face down in a pool of Cocoa Pops all day Wednesday? I wish I had the strength for that. But its good to be able to talk about it, and then, of course you get depressed, of course you get depressed, look, life is hard sometimes, you know? Thats why we dont want to spend time alone, some of you came here alone and will return home alone and thats okay but most people are trying to avoid that cause theyre afraid of their own thoughts. Have you ever had a bath? That goes on a bit too long, doesnt it? By the end of that you think, Get me out of here! Its enough, get me out! Im alone and Im wet, I have to dry myself, I hate this bit, so tedious. Why do I have to manage all this pork? And then… I dont even remember what I was talking about now. I suppose it doesnt really matter, were just talking. Um… Oh, distraction, thats it. And then… I dont know where I… Reminder came from but the um, but thats, I mean, that is something that people do. You drink, drugs, food, shit television, amazingly shit television. The things people watch in this country. Everybody goes on about how Britain makes the best television in the world, it does, but David Attenborough is not responsible for everything. So theres some extraordinary crap out there. The thing, the baking thing, people are baking and theyre talking about it, baking, bake, bake up. That thing. Cake is a beautiful thing. Why fuck it up by talking about it? The, the whole point of cake is to shut people up! [CROWD CHEERING] Youve got a cake, its a, its, its, its its a semi-religious moment, you dont ruin it by standing there and going, l did cream and sugar and… Just shut up and eat it! Whats the other one, that the, the, the you must dance, dance with the old man, get in and dance with the corpse, that one. Who, what genius came up with this? And people are watching this. Whats wrong with them? I mean look at the austerity, the cutbacks, the schools, the funding for hospitals and all that stuff. If you wanna cut stuff back, shut that shit down. If you absolutely have to watch something that stupid… [CROWD CHEERING] If you have to see something, if you need to zone out of your own life so badly, save the money, just draw some smiley faces on cocktail sausages, cram them into Christmas decorations and rattle them on a tray. People will watch anything. I travel around in these hotels, turning on the telly looking for local news and Jeremy Kyle comes on. Whos watching this horrible man? Somebody… Hes like a drunk seagull, badgering pregnant voles with his beak. [MIMICKING] You did, didnt you, you fucked him, didnt you? You did? He should be strapped to the front of a fast car and driven into a big hole. But… The, the, the way… No, stop with the… Hang on just… So sorry, wait. The whole clapping thing is great for you, I know youre there okay, I know, if you… Now, youre annoying me now. Just… If youre enjoying this, just give each other a hug, okay. I dont… Cause l, I talk quickly, I forget. If you clap Ill forget stuff, okay and the laughing also, we could take that down a bit. They… People will watch anything! Twilight, pale teenagers sucking the lifeblood out of everybody around them. Where is the escapism in this? Anything. Game of Thrones, which has been running for 35 years by my calculation. I cant look at that, I cant watch the, the little hunchbacked man put on the amulets and the thongs and the swords and the helmets and the pelmet and the cloak and the daggers and the necklace of dead crows arseholes, just to crawl up the hill and go, The boats are coming. Oh, please. Do something with your life. People, people engage with this stuff cause its easier than talking to the people they live with, you know, its not so intense. You know, House of Cards or whatever, Francis Underwood isnt going to turn around to you and go, Why did you eat all the ham in the fridge, you fat fuck? You know, you watch these things for years. So thats what I was doing when I wasnt smoking, I was watching television, I did some of these drawings as well cause you have to do something with your hands you know, you cant masturbate all day long, I mean thats… You know its, its easier if youre a woman or something, you just hook yourself up to a clock radio or something and wait till it goes ding and youre done. If youre a guy its complicated, you have to get tarpaulin and ropes and secure the perimeter. I dont want to get involved in all that shit. So… The… Mainly what I was doing was I started, I was watching a lot of television, a lot of television, and I realised, you know… Do watch the… You sort of absorb voices from around the world anyway. Thats why the people who are trying to keep people out of countries, theyre really not going to succeed long term because not only is everybody everywhere, youre globalized, theyre in your head, all these voices, little cartoon representations of all the cultures in the world. I realised this cause I was doing one of these drawings one day and I thought… I was quite pleased with one of them and I found out I have an African-American man inside me. I didnt know this but I do. Cause I did one of the drawings and before I knew this or thought it I heard myself say, That pretty. Now I didnt know that was going to happen. But the point is youre in there, all the people are in there, you have a crew in there. When I was eating in the house, I was eating all the time, all the time and I knew this, it was sort of building up, I began eating in a sort of pretty much semi-professional basis. So I would wake up, it was like I was being sponsored by rival teams of scientists, trying to see if it was possible to eat with your left and right hands all day and night and it is, its a question of focus, you have to commit. I was walking around, putting things in my mouth cause its comforting. I mean babies know this, they come out, they look around, they see its a stressful world, they go [MIMICKING CRYING] and they go to the breast and they stay there, they dont take calls or meetings or anything. They just go, l dont want to hear about it numnumnum… This is all… I dont like, numnumnumnum… l understand this, the rest of it Im not so sure. We should have a giant tit on the wall of every office in the country. If you get stressed out, you can just zip your desk over there, your whole chair and desk and go, I hate Peter! Numnumnum… The fucking printers out of ink again, for fucks sake. Numnumnum… It calms you down. Putting things in your mouth calms you down. Most of the great times in your life were about putting things in your mouth. A lot of the time. You know, it goes through all your life, not just food but drinks and alcoholic drinks and cigarettes and body parts of people you admire, sometimes all at the same time, some mash potato and vodka martini and, Hey, you busy? You know, its calming and of course I started getting fat. And thats what happens. You know, I started creeping up on myself from behind and around, getting cuddly in all the wrong places. Nobody wants cuddly eyes, nobody. And I was deluding myself as well cause I was telling myself, Its culture, its just part of culture, you know. You can pretend its cultural by having lots of cheese and wine and asking where everything is from. Great big pile of stinking cheese there, Oh, and where is the cheese from? Who cares where its from, its here now, people are fleeing the building, windows are melting, eat this shit before it kills us all, will you? No, I have to know where its from. Oh, the Catalan cave cows. Oh, I love them, theyre so musical, thank you so much, numnumnumnum… Eating all the time, walking around eating. I had a drone of self-disgust watching me at all times as I was annihilating any possible moments of thought by eating all the time. Look at him, look at him, hes buttering something as hes still chewing the other thing. How disgusting can I get? I am preparing for the next oral event even though I am still in one. Oh, God, Im disgusting. Look at me, I make sex noises from the strain of buttering the toast. [GROANS] I am vile. Quick, your wife is coming, hide! Take the hummus. And… So disgusting to yourself. Its terrible. This is how religion must have started in early cave times somebody had a tiramisu all to themselves, they finished it and they hung around going, Oh, God, Im so disgusting. And somebody came around the corner and said, God thinks so too. Oh, really, can I meet him? No, Ill tell you what he thinks, just give me money. Thats how it began. So, all the time, all the time, all the time. And uh, you know, cause the, the mouth is just… Its good to put things in there. You know, the ear, you can kill half an hour putting things in your ear, tops really. If you use every available orifice and youre with a friend, maybe two hours tops. But once one of you has the dodecahedron up there and the other one has the triangle, its time to hit town and get lunch, you know, so… But I was deluded, I was deluded by my own snobbery cause I kept telling myself, Well Im getting uh, yeah Im getting a bit fat, I am. Thats the way it is. But Im still, Im interesting fat, Im European fat. This is interesting, existential, detective, delicatessen fat. Somebody wandering around, moodily chewing on a piece of prosciutto as they wander down to the docks to see if the doughnut boats are in. Its not like Im American fat. Im not one of those guys, one of those huge people. They wouldnt even know if they had a monkey hanging from their cock, too busy blodging around going, ls there any more? Any more cheese? I just want to eat it until I can feel my heart beating in my face. Um, but you know it just comes, it just comes to you anyway, you suddenly get seriously uncool, thats how age functions, everything is sort of the same, everything is the same for ages you know, its like youre there and youre talking to your friend and youre going, Yeah, yeah, anyway and we did this and we did that and… You know, Madonna is there reassuringly in the background going, # Like a virgin # [SCATTING] And then, so we did this… And then, you turn around and suddenly its Nicki Minaj going, Ha ha, ha ha! Its a totally different kind of poetry and you just… The world has changed around you, and you are older, older, because the middle-age bus arrives. Nobody knows it, nobody wants to get on, it just comes for you, screeches to a halt right beside you, Its time to get on. You dont want to. Everybody gets on resisting, going, Not me, Im too young, I dont want to get interested in architecture, please, not yet! Oh look, an inscription, argh its happening, help me somebody! And then youre taken away to become a different person. And its alienating and frightening because you start liking things you dont like. Quiet music, Mmm, Put that Buble bullshit on again, I really like that. You never liked it before, and now youre going… [SCATTING] Serial killer music. Thats whats happening in a serial killers head when theyre sawing somebody elses off. [SCATTING] Ripping the spine out and playing Jenga with the vertebra… [SCATTING] Vaginating the bladder and making a hat… Lets not get into details. The… The things appeal to you that used to disgust you, why else do people vote conservative? That must be what happens, it must be what happens to people. [CROWD CHEERING] Cause they suddenly get, they start getting attracted to the, to the semi-repellent things. Its like the really, really strong cheese and conservatism are basically the same thing. Um… A cruise, the idea of a cruise. I mean that would have made you just vomit all over yourself. And then suddenly youre going, Oh, yeah, travel without moving, Im in. l can just be there like a starfish, every hour and a half somebody will come and pour gravy all over me, yeah. Where do I sign? So yeah, you become this older person and it is quite odd, you know, and you can feel young people judging you to a degree. Cause Im at the other end of the telescope now. I remember… A lot of young people here, I remember being in my twenties, looking at people my age going, What is wrong with these, those people, why are they so weird? Why are they so shapeless and sexless? Why do they talk about renewing their car insurance for 45 minutes.? What the, what the fuck are they up to? They must be smarter than that, what are they doing? Why are they so deliberately bland? But now Im here, I can tell you whats going on. This is whats going on, death becomes real and you think, Maybe he wont notice me if I dont experience anything intensely. You just… All the gestures you used to have, all the big denunciations and accusations and declarations all the, You! and Me! and That! Suddenly just becomes, Hmm, yeah, I know, kind of, yeah. Um… He cant kill you if youre not properly alive, can he? Um… So, thats why. And l, you know, I went to um, when I was eating all the time professionally, I would uh… My wife was really good about it, she didnt refer… Never called it my stomach or anything, she would just sometimes mention, The situation. And um, sometimes she would say, Why dont you take the situation for a walk? So, I would go to the supermarket cause you can eat there and nobody stops you, cause if anybody comes up to you, you can just go, Fuck off, Im going to buy it. Um… And actually when I was there I found another voice inside me, this spirit guide, this elderly lady. And she looked after me. I think she was Asian but the main thing is she was wise. Cause when I was reaching out for the thing I really wanted, the honey, nuts, cluster, fudge, fuck bomb, or the Iemon, coconut, apocalypse, ripple, yum-face dish, whatever it was, when I was reaching out she would leap into my frontal cortex and scream at me, [lN ASlAN ACCENT] Its a not for you, its not for you, walk away! You go salad bar or some shit like that. Leave for other people, fatty! She was there for me. More proof, if we needed any, that you need a team inside you. But you cant go to the supermarket all the time, not all the time. So, one day I went to the art gallery and there was this old man there by himself and he was sort of quite striking, he was carefully dressed and looking at the work and walking around, obviously just you know having his own experience, and I am sort of moved by him cause he looked quite elderly and alone. And I thought Oh, wow, thats great you know, he is out and registering his own responses, thats how, you know, how you should be living when youre older. And then he turned around and saw me and he sort of had this wrinkle of disgust in his face and moved away because I was wearing these crappy cut-off jean things, the sort of things that you paint a house in or bury a dog in. [CROWD LAUGHING] I had on these odd socks, a blue sock and a brown sock, cause I wasnt paying attention when I was dressing and ld cut the tops of the socks so my circulation still works. [CROWD LAUGHS] And I had some rubbish T-shirt on with stains and things, I didnt look you know, as incredibly stylish as I do now, and he just maybe thought I was wandering around and he went away. And then this beautiful couple came in, people in their late 20s roughly and they were you know, tall elegant people, Iots of cheek bones and four elbows each and long and sinuous and elegant and wafting around, looking at the stuff. And then I saw them elbow each other and sort of point over in my direction and they were sniggering and then they disappeared, and I thought, Well you know, theyre young, it doesnt matter, Im a mature person that kind of thing doesnt bother me. But Im not a mature person and it did bother me and I really wanted to find the young man again so I could tell him, Listen, this, all this, do you think anyone chooses this? [CROWD LAUGHS] This just comes, this is for free, this is the future, it belongs to you. Right now you are walking around this art gallery with this beautiful young woman and youre talking about these paintings and how they make you feel and she is listening. You have peaked as a human being. Believe me. [CROWD LAUGHS] It doesnt get any better than that. You, you dont know anything, nobody chooses this, l didnt ask for one tit to be bigger than the other, -I really didnt. [CROWD LAUGHS] l never dreamed that one day I would be sitting on my couch with my one huge ab. [CROWD LAUGHS] Covered in crumbs, listening to the sound of my own mouth breathing. ldly watching Dragons Den, the invention programme thing where somebody comes around and they pitch ideas, waiting for the genius who will finally walk in with the discrete spatula, the thing you thread through the arm of your jacket, that goes all down through your clothes and dislodges your bollocks from the side of your thigh when youre standing in the supermarket queue so you dont have to do this, Hey, Mrs Johnson, hows it going? [CROWD LAUGHS] But he hasnt appeared, that particular genius hasnt showed up yet, men are still not free, one day somebody will figure out how to quietly peel the octopus from the wall of the aquarium tank but not yet! [CROWD CHEERING] I didnt ask for any of this! Sonny Jim, okay! You sit around on Sunday mornings propped up on your elbow, looking at your beautiful girlfriend brushing crumbs of toast from her beautiful breasts with her coppery hair falling all around her shoulders and shes looking at you, thinking you know, When are you going to get a job, as you talk about your fucking starts ups and your pop ups. And the organic runway and how youre the eyes inside the bleeding edge of the cloud and youre going to deep dive your own dot bomb and all that shit. And shes thinking, When is this guy ever gonna earn any money or am I gonna pay the rent by myself til were both dead, is that the deal? And a few years later youll have a child and shell walk up to you one day after an argument and say, Here, hold the kid, Im going for a walk, and you wont be sure if shes ever gonna come back. And then a little while after that youll start waking up in the morning and putting your hand in the sock drawer and pulling out and putting on whatever is in there as long as its not a bra or the torso of an action figure. You dont need a bra anyway cause your t-shirt has ridden up overnight and sits nice and snuggly there where you need it. [CROWD LAUGHS] And youll just be glad to be alive. You dont know anything right now, all you know is romance, thats the easy stuff! Standing around your loft apartment, youre both dressed in white throwing each other annoying looks all day long. The cats are walking over the piano and giving each other more annoying looks, Oh, I know you, you know me, l know you, we have made love 10 minutes ago, we will probably do it again in another 10 minutes, l know you and your crazy genitals. The cats are drinking espressos and reading the Sunday supplements. [CROWD LAUGHS] Let me tell you something, when you really know somebody, when you both really know each other you dont look at each other at all! You dont need to, you can feel each other walking into the postcode. Its like that old song why do birds suddenly burst into flames. Im talking about love! Not romance, that thing that makes you grip your own skull and scream for death and then look up and say, Coming! That special something that gives you the energy to go and pick scatter cushions with another human being. Even though you have no clear conception of what a scatter cushion might be or why anybody would buy a cushion and throw it away. You agree to do this even though the person youre doing it with has an inhuman degree of refinement in the act of choosing and they look at you with an intense face and say, What about this one, do you think its green enough to be green, green? ls that even a question? Can that be answered? l dont know. What about this, do you think the waffles underneath it are creepy? Feel them. Im feeling them, okay, Im feeling them. Are they creepy waffles? l dont know, to be perfectly honest with you. But theyre creepy cause theyre underneath. Well, couldnt you turn it over? Dont be insane! What about this one, do you think its weird? Well, its a bit weird. Why are you saying that, I knew you would say that! Well, its made out of willow twigs and snow and krill, its a little weird, it has a heron skull in the middle also. l knew you would say that, you never let me get anything I want. But you know, you figure it out, it takes time but you figure it out. Basically, in any relationship you work this out, it took me years, one of you is Bert, one of you is Ernie. That is what it comes down to, one of you is really good at chopping up vegetables really small and explaining factional loyalties in the Middle East. And the other one is really good at saying, Help! Im locked outside, I cant feel my arms! [CROWD LAUGHS] Lets have a little break, Ill see you in a minute, thanks, bye. Thank you, thank you. Okay, now, so… I dont remember what we, how we ended this the last… I dont, but anyway, the um, this is my… I realised I am very lucky to have this job, um, you know I know lots of people that do similar stuff, they make things, they work in theatre, you know? People who come into places like this and they go… Oh, I love this space, I love it! ls there any way we could make it bigger and smaller at the same time? Somebody get me a cappuccino, please, no coffee or milk. I love this… You know, tossers, theyre my friends. People are scared, the young people out there are worried about getting jobs and everything and you know, resentful also, not just thinking my generation is weird cause were middle aged but also resenting us cause you know, nowadays theres no money, no jobs, the planet has about eight weeks left. Well, you know, were sorry and everything but we had a long weekend and it got out of hand. We needed iToilets, thats what happened. Youre always whining, you lot though, I mean look on the bright side, youve got Mars, thats exciting. You can pick out the bath mats for that and everything and enjoy the solar wind. Well all be dead but youll have a great time. I mean, my children are in the school system, they panic about jobs and whats gonna happen out there, they freak out cause all the exam stress and all that stuff. They keep changing the exams and everything and they come in and say, look at this maths, what the… x-y=c and c is an integer and also maybe a negative value, hmm? Whats that? Theyre panicking. I say, Dont panic. They say, Of course were panicking cause weve heard the news, its hard out there, what do we do? I say, Listen, dont panic, when we get panicky we get snappy like youre being right now, and also we get shaky. We look for the little door under the stairs and we go in there and we rock back and forth, dont we? Milk builds up at the front of the house, cats take over, we die, they come, they kitten into our skulls and then our corpses are found by future generations. Its distressing, so lets not panic… x-y=c integer, whats it all about? Look, heres a pound, you know almost instinctively how many sweets you can buy with a pound, right? Heres the thing, heres five pounds, imagine how many teeth you can make explode with this. I didnt understand all that maths stuff the first time around, I am not looking at it again, take the money, Ill see you later! Cause, you have to be straight with your kids. Its confusing out there. My son comes to me and he says, Hey, Dad, can I get an ice-cream? And I say, Have you cleaned your room? He says, No, I say, Well no, work and reward, thats how it goes, no chore, no ice-cream. He goes, Yeah but Dad, Im just talking about you know, a thinking persons ice-cream. No flake, no sprinkles, just you know, Ive got to work a couple of things out. Come on, Dad, Im from the old country like you, come on. I say, Forget it! Ive got a headache weve spoken about it so many times, and he goes, Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad, Dad, a ball of ice-cream suspended mid air, no cone or anything, Ill run around very quick underneath it. Come on, Dad, be a mensch, dont put it through the books. And I say, Ive got a headache, and he says, Would you like an ice-cream? I would like an ice-cream actually. I can make that happen. Okay theres the money, Ill clean your room. You have to have a system. You have to have a system. Now I wasnt ready… Ive got a fantastic daughter as well, 17 years old but she still takes the time, thats the nice thing, she still takes the time to sit down beside me and go, Ew! Youve got hair in your ears, you couldnt get any more disgusting but you did! Ew! Here, Im gonna take a selfie of your ear, look at that, look at the pigs bum on your head. The thing is, you know, I wasnt ready for children, of course I wasnt, Im a man, men are not ready for anything, men spend their whole lives going, Huh, now? Really? Ah, okay, ah, ah… Thats how they die. [WHIMPERING] Not ready for any of it. Women are ready, women imagine it, emotionally, imaginatively, they have a time machine, they can travel, and imagine possible futures, cause theyre interested in life, you know, theyre quite interested in living. Men are afraid of life cause it involves loss so, and change, and they cant stand that. Women go, Yes, maybe this, maybe that, they imagine a possible future with children and they go, Yeah, lets do that. They know the mans not going to be ready, he goes, Yeah, one day, not today. Cause men are really good at wanting things. They go around wanting things. Where is all the stuff I want? Is it here? No? Fuck it! And children are really good at needing things, and that trumps wanting. Because, I mean, children have weird needs. I didnt know the things they need, they need pets, its not a whim, its not a fanciful desire, its a need. For years the children were coming to me going, Daddy, please! Daddy please! No, I said, be gone! In my throne of skulls in the kitchen, Leave this place! Daddy, please! A little furry with eyes and it goes mm-hmm, please! Leave now! Take your sister with you. In the end, you know, I realised, its good for the children, of course its good for the children. The child is, you know, with the parents all the time, looking after it, and they are in charge of this child and the child has to do whatever they say, whatever is going on. Eat the crazy food we made. Oh, look were having an argument, whats happening, nobody knows, never mind, it will all be fine tomorrow, probably, good night! So of course the child wants a little creature it can look after and you know, care for and say, Have you been a good guinea pig? Have you been good guinea pig? Have you been good guinea pig! How would you know, you have no moral compass! Do this maths homework! And… You know really, the other thing is, I mean its the way people learn about grief, thats the other function of pets, thats the truth of course. When you open the door of the pet shop, really what youre saying is, Which thing that dies do you want? Thats the truth. So they chose a hamster and the hamster was this size, this size, okay? He ate my couch, and he… There was one leg left and some foam, that was it, grrr, then he ate the cables to the fridge, then he ate the Internet, and then he fucked off, gone. The pamphlet from the pet shop said look for a bad smell, we found 4859 different bad smells and no hamster. When we did find him, it was a week later in the hotel my children had made me buy him. He was dead at his desk, he had been writing prison poetry. Tiny bottle of Jack Daniels beside him and a pile of pills. Both hands down his shorts, he had been writing terza rima. And then of course we had floods of tears, all over the house, floods of tears, wailing, weeping, nashing and then more replacements. There was Dieter, Fenula, Cukoo, all these different people arrived, guinea pigs, hamsters arrived and they would last about seven minutes. Theyd come in and go, Hi, Im so excited to be working with you people, Ive heard a lot about you here, very, very exciting time for me, ahh! And they would have a stroke, thats it, and then the tiny garden at the back of the house is a mass grave full of these fuckers. One morning my wife woke me up, I just heard this voice, Sunday morning, 7 a.m., midnight, right? And I am in deep communion with the pillow, the pillow is here, I hear this voice, Dylan. What? Dylan, wake up. What, what is it? The rabbit. What rabbit? [NOISES] No, listen, the rabbit is dead! [GROANS] No, really! He is. Listen, he has no head. [LAUGHS] I had to get up. I went into the garden and there was this perfect rabbit, perfect! Not a hair out place, not a drop of blood not a blade of grass moved, no head! Nothing, and a five layer modernist fox shit right beside him. Might as well have had a card on it saying, Thats how I do, I see you later! It was amazing. The threat, and then we had to get a dog, they wanted to get a dog. Dog, dog, dog, No, no, no, no, no. Im saying. Now, of course we have a dog, of course we do, because Im the father, people dont listen to fathers, thats the truth. Cause fathers are not considered people in families, theyre not. A big force, yes, an elemental force even, sure, but not a person. Look at the Christmas presents fathers get. Nobody knows who this guy is, thats why they come up to him… Thats why they come up to him and they go, Here you go, we got you a… what is it, its a woolly penguin, you squeeze it and says fuck in Dutch! You might like it. [AUDIENCE LAUGHS] They dont know who he is. Its a giant clog made out of lunch meats from all over the world. You get into it and it plays the Austrian national anthem. l dont know, we thought it may be your thing. [AUDIENCE LAUGHS] They dont know who the guy is. So, of course we have a dog. Now, I dont want to be here standing, talking about my fucking dog either, okay, that was never the plan for me. I didnt want a dog, I didnt want to stand up here and talk about it. You know, I remember passing these guys in the hills around where we live. These guys standing there in their barber jackets with some huge animal on the lead, taking a shit in the weeds and they would look at you with this face as if to go, What can you do, eh? Well you could not look around for excuses for giving up on your dreams, you fucking loser, thats what you could do. I used to think that, I didnt say it, now I dont think it, I just say, Morning, Bob. So, anyway… So we were going to get this pup, from this friend of mine, and… He wanted to meet in this coffee shop place near where he lives, so I went and its one of these places, and theyve popped up everywhere, theyre everywhere now, Londons full of them. You know what Im talking about, theyre really cool, and this stripped back wood, and just bare brick, no real furniture just coffee sacks, its too cool for furniture, just coffee sacks and half of an old surf board signed from the 1950s, something like that… Very intimidating ifyou are of a certain age. I walked in, I was the only person who did not have an Edwardian cricketers beard. Very excluded I felt and everybody has a lot of tattoos. Tattoos used to be an anchor or a girl or a tiger, now there is the Book of Deuteronomy, and its becoming Lord of the Rings, it doesnt stop, it just goes wrap around the whole, piercings everywhere, it looked like somebodyd gone by the building and just gone… [IMITATES SHOOTING] [AUDIENCE LAUGHS] A lot ofvery earnest conversations, Mmm, mmm, yes, Hugo, we should, we should open a cauliflower bar, we fucking should. Yeah, brilliant idea, a ukulele patio, thats fucking great idea Miles. Yeah, lets do it, lets crowdsource that shit. People having those conversations, the tattoos, the piercings, one man with an actual javelin through his chest, nodding in the corner. So Im very intimidated. I go up to the chief beard in front of his Harley Davidson coffee machine, theres too many coffees, theres too many different types of coffee. I wouldnt… Fetafetaggo, I dont want that, scaraccino, just give me a cup of coffee please. I say, Do you put two shots in the coffee here? He goes Yeah! Like Id insulted generations of his family. I say, Well, can I get it in a slighter bigger cup please, thank you, and he went Yeah, you could, and he didnt move. I thought maybe this is a new thing too so I just stood there looking at him, he didnt move, thinking…. Hmm. Make it so… l know youre resentful of me and everything because you have a degree in Marine accountancy or whatever it is, and you have to pour coffee for a living but thats the way it happens sometimes… Just please, can you do this, what happens next? And he is staring at me and he said, You could, but youre going to lose the umami-ness of the single origin bean. Thats what the man said, okay. I said, Okay, but you can still do it, right? It was pretty neutral, very mature, isnt it mature? Then he said, Yeah, but it will get radially diffused on the camber of the cup. I dont know what I said then, cause we were on the street all of a sudden and he was saying some stuff about coffee, I was making some speculations about him and his place in the universe and in what possible continuum he might get laid. [AUDIENCE LAUGHS] And it ended with me walking away and him shouting after me, Enjoy your attitude problem, enjoy your life. So I was really, really mad, okay, I was furious mainly at myself for losing my temper. So I go to my friends house, and my friend is annoying at the best of times. He didnt understand the situation at all. Hes one of these people thats always keeping up with cool stuff and telling me what I should watch and read and what I should be doing and all, you know… Have you seen the new Scandinavian crime series? l havent, no. Its brilliant! [FAKE SCANDlNAVIAN LANGUAGE] Its Finnish, it translates as hush, Its about these… Its about these three detective fishermen who get trapped in the hut over the winter, theyre all in love with each other, one of them goes deaf because its so cold, the other one gets fat because hes got a lot of bait hidden in the hood of his parka. The other one is narcoleptic and insomniac, he spends the whole time just doing this. [AUDIENCE LAUGHS] lt lasts for a year and a half, you have to see it in the original Finnish otherwise you lose all the nawaganas, which is Finnish for nuance. So, theres all that, right, and he didnt understand the coffee situation. He was just following me around going, How can you argue with the coffee guy? Hi, can I get coffee, how can you have an argument? I didnt want to talk to him. I just wanted to sit down. I wanted to sit down, and I tried to sit down on this woolly chair but it shat on me. And then he came running over, Oh, you found the dog, you found the dog! Cause he didnt have a proper dog, you know, he had one of these modern fucking fadududuru schnoodle dogs. What happened to dogs? The dogs. You know dogs, Labradors, I grew up with those classic dogs. Labradors, its a human being in dog form, you know what it is, its walking around going, Have you seen my glasses? l dont know where they are I cant find the… Where is it? Im sorry, have you got the crossword? [AUDIENCE LAUGHS] Even if theyre annoying you can recognise them, you know a spaniel, you know, is like some drunk auntie at a party, one whose ears keep going into their mouth and they have to spit them out. Im a spaniel, Im a spaniel, Ill always be a spaniel. Or the St Bernard, they are ludicrous looking but you know what they are, they are that dog, the one where, you go up the mountain, because youre a dick. All those people doing those sports, ridiculous sports, calling you in the middle of the night in January, Hi. Im stuck up the mountain, it didnt go well… [AUDIENCE LAUGHS] The mountain at night in January, how does it go right? What are you doing? We are having a curry, go away, click. All of those people doing those sports, fly diving and hole finding. Theyre responsible for their own actions, okay. If you want a sense of danger, stop wasting everybodys time, okay? Blindfold yourself and walk around your flat, have a friend hit you with a stick. [AUDIENCE LAUGHING] But, if you go up the mountain, you know the dog, its the dog that comes over and drinks brandy watching you die, its that dog. [AUDIENCE LAUGHS] But he didnt have a proper dog. He didnt have a proper one, he had one of these dogs, you dont know what they are. It looks like a car wash with teeth, you dont what it is. And he came running over saying, You found him, thats our Schnaper Daniel. Hes on his knees tickling the dog. Hes called Mr Beans, isnt he adorable? We called him Mr Beans because the first thing he did when he came into the apartment was he jumped up on that table over there and he ate a plate of beans. Isnt that adorable? [AUDIENCE LAUGHS] I said, um… l also like beans. My name is not Mr Beans. My name is Mr Shit Shoes, cause I have shit on my shoes. When you are quite finished giving Mr Beans a hand job, or whatever you are doing there, l would like a towel or a shovel or something okay, thank you very much. Because the thing is he had gone for the easy relationship. Which is with a dog, that is not challenging. The dog never says anything difficult, like at meal times, doesnt turn around and go, Tut, tut, tut, why do you do that thing with your mouth? Are you always going to do that, am I going to have to look at that shit for the rest of my life? All the dog ever says is, l cant believe you came home again, I cant believe you came home again. Is that it? Is that all the challenge you want in your life? [AUDIENCE LAUGHS] I happen to live with somebody whos very stimulating, who asks me deep, philosophical questions that are hard to answer. Like shell walk through the kitchen and see me and go… Youre wearing that shirt? Its looking that way… But were going out, out of the house, people will see me with you, works out rather well for you. You look like you make a living fighting pigs in a hole, put a different fucking shirt on. I dont argue, I dont argue, I am not good at the arguing thing, its not my field. Some people are good at it. Somebody who knows you, dont argue with someone who really knows you, cause they can just flip you, one handed. She knows all the moves. Shell walk in, Youre in a bit of a weird mood… Ah! Theres no way you dont react to that. What, what do you mean? Huh! Well look, youre being so aggressive. And then you sort of twig whats going on and then you go, l am not, I am not, Im not aggressive. Well, youre very passive aggressive. I am not passive aggressive. Okay, but youre very defensive or something, Ill see you later when youre in a better mood. And youre just left there going… [SCREAMS] Very hard to think of a comeback. You are just using me for sex! -Um… [AUDIENCE LAUGHS] But the thing is its great to be known by another person as well. You dont know what to give each other at anniversaries cause youve been together for so long. You know? Its not like when you first meet, there you go, cotton or silk or whatever it is, or when you are ancient you just roll on top of one another open your mouth and rubies fall out. Its this ambiguous middle passage, nobody knows what youre supposed to do, 18 years, 17 years, There you go, Theres a remote control covered in Nutella, I thought youd enjoy that. [AUDIENCE LAUGHS] You gotta work it out, you know. How youre gonna do it. I mean, what happens is, you end up dividing tasks. You know, you are good at this, the other person is good at the other thing. My wife is, one of her areas is, you know, the future. What that is, where its happening, what time it starts, whats gonna happen in it. The past is also something she has made her own. What actually happened, who is responsible, how the crime shall be remembered. [AUDIENCE LAUGHS] Sometimes while were busy talking about something else! And my overwhelming resemblance to all the villains in history. Also the present is something she curates, something she understands. But no one person can do everything, thats out of balance in a relationship, you cant have that, thats, you know, its stupid, so, I taste the crisps. [AUDIENCE LAUGHS] Theres a lot of new flavours out there now. Beetroot and vertigo, Horseradish and deja vu, people dont know how to approach those sometimes, you have to step in for them and tell them its okay… You know, you work it out… And of course its very rewarding, but people are misrepresented, men are misrepresented to women, you know, theyre always built up as heroes in films and so on. My favourite bit in those action films is when the ordinary guys who turns out to be a hero turns around to his own family and goes, Everybody just shut up, stop arguing, do what Im saying, trust me for a minute! Thats when all my family burst out laughing and point at me, and go, Hahahah, imagine how quickly we would be dead. [AUDIENCE LAUGHS] Imagine all the different ways we would be dead. Men are not heroes by and large, you know, you make it to middle age, youre not hero most of the time, you are just, a jelly baby with a few quid. [AUDIENCE LAUGHS] Women are misrepresented of course as well. I mean young men are full of nonsense about women, now, because of all the way theyre described, also because of pornography, thats part of it. I didnt know anything about pornography growing up, it didnt exist in ireland. If somebody had a picture of a womans arse, it was a huge deal. People would start arranging ferries. There were power surges in the infrastructure. Now, you wake up and go, Take the anal wall paper away, I just want some Weetabix please. [AUDIENCE LAUGHS] Why are they called adult films anyway, whats all that about? Whats adult about putting a part of yourself in and out of somebody else thousands of times in the space of a couple of minutes and looking pretty unhappy about it? A really adult film would be some bored looking woman sitting at a kitchen table looking out a rainy window and some depressed looking guy comes around the corner and says, The bowel condition is fatal. [AUDIENCE LAUGHS] And she goes, Mmm, well I still dont love you. And then The End appears. Thats an adult film. [AUDIENCE LAUGHS] But women are misrepresented because a lot of young men are told about hot babes, Check out these hot babes, look at these hot babes, listen to these hot babes walking around on modern flooring surfaces, look at them, look at this hot babe over here taking her contact lenses in and out, ooh, thats hot. What about this one? Look at her, shes thinking of moving to Shrewsbury, mmm. Saucy! What about this one over here on the bus, staring at her feet wishing they were a bit smaller. Shes regretting that argument she had with her sister at Easter, ooh, thats hot! All women are hot, scientifically they are hot because they all regulate their temperature in a totally different way to men. Now this is the science section, okay. Some of you dont understand science, it will sound like generalisations. They… [CLEARS THROAT] The… [APPLAUSE] During the day, the day light hours all women, all over the world, are freezing. [AUDIENCE LAUGHS] And theres a reason for this, its got to do with information processing. Women, as you know, were the original model for the lnternet. If the woman is doing something and she goes over here, she travels, she goes somewhere else, she goes, Oh, Im over here now, oh, its windy, oh look I found a grapefruit, brilliant, Im bringing that home. She talks to another woman, Whats it like over there? Well, its a bit windy but you get a grapefruit. Brilliant. Thats the lnternet! Now. A man gets hold of a piece of information, he thinks, Hahaha, I have an advantage over everybody! He curls into a ball and dies there on that spot. [AUDIENCE LAUGHS] Its a totally different process, I know this cause I come home with a cool story to share with my wife, you know, this is just a gender split, cause Ill come home with a cool story like you know, l saw your friend in the supermarket! You see, thats something to share. And… And shell… Im not a trained sociologist with a coat and everything, but then, what they probably call, all the crazy shit starts because she turns around with her insane requirement for detail, shell turn around and say, Oh, really! Who? [AUDIENCE LAUGHS] I dont… You have 4,000 friends, I have no idea, there was a woman I recognised, she has big hair. Oh, Angela! Yeah. I think thats her, yeah. ls her husbands cousins orthodontist back from Peru? l dont know that, I dont know… She was buying tomatoes, I didnt talk to her in case she asked me something. Its a totally different way of sharing information. So all women during the day are freezing because all the kilojoules in their bodies are burnt up, by knowing everything about everybody around them, for a two-mile radius. And to make it worse, everybody they live with is a clueless zombie. So the women are standing around all day generally just freezing, just feeling cold, Oh God! Somebody give me a cardigan, please fix the draught, whats with the fucking radiator in this house, whats wrong with everybody? Nobody knows anything, theyre gonna come in and ask me stuff, here they come, here they come and they come, Hey, have you seen my… Yeah I put on the stairs an hour ago, l knew youd want it yeah, are you running for the train? Yes, I made you a sandwich, I knew you wouldnt think of it, Yes, its vegetarian. Thats gonna last for a day and a half, you fucking moron. What is that dear? Irregular Spanish verbs, yeah, bring them over here, I cant wait, there you go. There you go, yeah. Freezing all day long, she gets into bed, shes doing nothing, she falls asleep. Boom! She goes on fire. [LAUGHS] And then turns around and says, Why do you never put your arms around me any more? Thats because I want them back, thats why. l dont want two charred stumps. Thank you very much. Nobody told me I was marrying fissile material. What are you burning in there? [AUDIENCE LAUGHS] And… Theyre all hot. Now, you know, Im not a hero, but I sort of imagine like most people, I think of myself as reasonably, not brave, but you know, sanguine or cool about most things, and… I said that after… We got this film, we were watching this film, it was, you know, a heroic film and I was thinking, I cant do any of that stuff, but I cant remember the last time I was really afraid and my wife said, Oh, well, I can. [AUDIENCE LAUGHS] We were watching television and she was right, cause it was one of those scary films, I love bad scary films, thats what it was, it was from the 70s or 80s, it was terrible, it was you know, creaky landing and a woman with a nightgown with a candle, and there was a window with net curtains going ooh, and my wife was petrified, it is very funny watching, I wasnt watching the film, I was just watching her. Cause she was going, Oh, the candle, the curtain, the curtain, the candle, oh, somethings gonna happen. I was laughing and falling around, I went to get some more wine or a cup of tea or whatever it was, I came back and she flipped to that thing, where babies, actual babies are coming out of real people! Born in a minute, that thing, and they are coming out and I was going, Ah, no, no, no! And she was saying Whats the matter? Eating lasagne. Its just twins. -And… [AUDIENCE LAUGHS] Shes feeling very brave then but she couldnt handle it if there were curtains down there going ooh, and the babies came out with a candle going, ahh, ahh. So different things get you and the other thing that got me was we were walking along the river, and I dont like heights or the dark, they are pretty much universal fears. I thought I was good with everything else but I dont like small flying objects coming at me at high speed. And thats what happened, a small flying object came at me at high speed, I shrieked as I fell, Im a practical person. [CLEARS THROAT] Got into the foetal position, you hear a lot about how empathetic women are, I am not sure how empathetic my wife was feeling at the time cause she was busy laughing, it was that silent laughter where theres nothing, she was just rocking. And after about half a minute she was able to work me into her schedule and go, A leaf, a leaf, a leaf, a leaf. [AUDIENCE LAUGHS] In some cultures people would probably call that fear. And um… [CLEARS THROAT] [AUDIENCE LAUGHS] But… Actually Ive talked for far too long, I should go. The… Im gonna tell you this and then Im gonna go. I dont think… I dont… Oh, thanks, thats very, thats very… Theres nothing left. [AUDIENCE APPLAUDS] There is but I am not going to remember it. You get to a certain part and thats it, the car stops. Then its this, okay. One of the few things I can imagine that probably is easier, a bit easier for women, if you happen to be a woman, is flirting… Thats because its hard for men, theres no guide, at least theres a protocol for women, theres a template, theres something youve seen before. You know. In films and so on, the woman talks to someone and goes… Oh yeah Im kind of interested, maybe a little talking and then maybe slightly laughing. Hahaha yeah, well, I suppose its possible. And then slightly more intrigued and listening and… mmm yeah… And then maybe slightly shy about her own interests, looking away but not being able to resist looking back frankly more interested this time and looking, and thinking and then hahaha! Laughing and enjoying, Oh, you really are rather, hmm… And then revealing something more of herself possibly, maybe just as a suggestion by accident and then disappearing. So that person is left going, Who is that amazing woman, wow! Try that as a man. [AUDIENCE LAUGHS] Talking to a woman going, Yeah, yeah, hahaa. [MUMBLING] Oh, I looked too interested there, look away! Wait, wait, I cant help it, I have to look back. Im really interested. Hahahah. [LAUGHS] Judging just the right amount of scrotum to reveal before you. [LAUGHS] Ladies and gentlemen, thank you very much. [LOUD CHEERS AND APPLAUSE] Thanks a lot. Night, night. [CHEERlNG AND APPLAUDING] Okay! Okay. I forgot a thing. Its not a huge surprise. So look, Im going to do this, this is what happened. This book came out a couple of years ago and it was very famous, it was around for a while, it was around for a long time actually and the movie is just out recently and when the book came out I was thinking, Oh, that will go away, and it didnt. So, I got very intrigued. I went down to the book shop and I read a little bit standing there. It was called Fifty Shades of Grey. [AUDIENCE LAUGHS] And its just an erotic novel, its written, you know, its targeted at women. So, its, you know, obviously interesting… Well it is cause its such a success and I was reading a bit and I thought this is kind of funny but its also got to be possibly an easier way to make a living. So… I started, I started… It doesnt have a title, theres no title, its just called Erotic Fiction Blockbuster. Okay. [AUDIENCE LAUGHS] So, I hope my hair looks good. The… [CLEARS THROAT] If you get aroused, dont worry about it, its happening to everybody… [AUDIENCE LAUGHS] Yes! You see that, straight in there… Yes! She said, looping with her fingers a wayward glossy comma of fringe from her brow, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes… Who are you? he said. What are you doing in my bathroom? She approached him like a panther, a drunk panther who was walking on their back legs as a party trick. She looked at his midriff naked under his vest, shirt, cardigan and three quarter length duffel coat. Her breast heaved… She saw the testicles bag twisting against his knee… Her other breast heaved. Whats in the bag? she said. He stepped closer, wary, frightened, disbelieving, disorientated but definitely aroused. Whats in my bag? He said. She raised her chin to him showing no trepidation apart from some brief intense fiddling with her hospital bracelet. He stepped closer. Cruelly, deliciously, his duffel buttons pressed into her, she thought she might cum, right there all over the loofah and everything. His gaze was stern, unyielding like an Easter Island head stuck in traffic. [AUDIENCE LAUGHS, APPLAUDS] Soup, he said! Although because he had a cleft palate, it came out as Clup! Bite me using only your gums, she screamed, Fling me into a windmill, hide my phone charger. Thank you very much everyone, Ill see you later, night, night. [CROWD APPLAUDS AND CHEERS]

AMY SCHUMER@AT THE APOLLO@2015@My name is Amy, and its my show! ? Man ? ? Uh ? ? Bitches aint shit ? ? And they aint sayin nothin ? ? A hundred motherfuckers cant tell me nothin ? ? I beez in the trap ? ? Be-Beez in the trap ? ? I beez in the trap ? ? Be-Beez in the trap ? ? Man, I been did that ? ? Man, I been popped off ? ? And if she aint trying to give it ? ? Then she get dropped off ? ? Let me bust that U-ie ? ? Bitch bust that open ? ? Might spend a couple thou ? ? Just to bust that open ? You know her from her hit TV show. You loved her in the movie Trainwreck. Harlem, its time to give it up for the one and only Amy Schumer! ? Bitches aint shit ? ? And they aint sayin nothin ? ? A hundred motherfuckers cant tell me nothin ? ? I beez in the trap ? ? Be-Beez in the trap ? ? I beez in the trap ? ? Be-Beez in the trap ? Get up! Get the fuck up, Apollo! Come on! Thank you! Please, sit, I– I would never ask you to stand. I cant believe you all stood… of your own volition, thank you. Thats never happened. Thank you so much for being here. This has been an insane year for me. I started out– I made two New Years resolutions. I, uh… Number one, I wanted to catfish someone. Did it, loved it, recommend it. And number two was to this year just once take off a pair of underwear and have it not look like I blew my nose in it. Now… Same? Same? No? Youre kind of like, No, no. So you find a pair of underwear on the floor and youre like, How do I know if I wore it? Please, you know. You know. She knows. Im like, Oh, cool they filmed Charlottes Web in my underwear, wow. Salutations? Okay. I dont know why the guys look grossed out. Your underwear looks like a coal miner wiped their brow… at the end of a shift, a long shift. So my name is Amy, and Im at the Apollo. Um… Right? You guys all look like youre from this neighborhood. So… Heres how I wound up here. Okay? Let me just catch you up. My two front teeth didnt fall out until I was in fifth grade. Which is late. And that same week, I got my period. Which is early! So I was just like this jack-o-lantern with tits walking around, like… Trick or treat. I was like Pinocchio transitioning to a donkey. I was like, Hee-haw! And I had one of those really cool moms who told me, You dont need to shave above your knee, just… here down. So here up, I was just a werewolf, just… Mr. Tumnus here to here. Benicio Del Toro… beneath my torso. Im so happy to be filming my special here in New York. I grew up here, I was born here, um, did my first everything here, um, still no anal… But I just love New York, cause its a town where I can get laid. Like, I can catch a D here kinda whenevs, yeah. And, uh, I was in LA for a little while, and, um… cant, cant there. Uh… Just in case youve never been to LA, it is, um, filled with the most beautiful people from all over the world. So, picture the most beautiful girl in your high school, like the one that you wanted to be. Okay? Im talking to the guys right now. And everybody was like, Youre too pretty for Buffalo, Brittany, go to LA. Go. Everyone is hot there. Everybody, okay. I saw a guy, he was cleaning up a Pizza Hut bathroom. I would have paid this guy to fuck me. I would have paid him good money. I dont– People dont even see me there. Like, I just– Theyre just like, Is that a fat tumbleweed? Like, whats… My body type there, theyre like– My arms register as legs there. Theyre just… Theyre like, Is that an octopus? I dont understand. And my legs register as firewood. Theyre just like… like, Why is the BFG on Sunset? Just… It got to the point– I was in LA, I was so excited. Somebody tweeted about another actress. They were like, She looks like a fat Amy Schumer, and I was like, Yes! Its not me! Its so insanely— Like, if I go on an audition in New York, its for, like, the cute girl you didnt notice cause she was, like, wearing khakis or something. Like, There cant be a pussy under there, those are khakis. How would that even work? But then in LA, Ill be in a waiting room, theyre like, um, Amy, it says here– Are you reading for the girl getting gastric bypass? Is that correct? Amy, who did you– Did you play Gilbert Grapes mom? I cant place you. Im like, No. Theyre like, Okay, well, you didnt get the part. But do you want us to put a hose on you, keep you moist, so we can return you to the sea, Blackfish? Its fucked up. And thats not how it is for the dudes at all, okay? Like, I just happened to see the movie Zookeeper. Did you ever see that movie? Okay, if you didnt, dont, all right? Dont see that. But… So Zookeeper is about talking animals, okay? And the male romantic lead is… Kevin James. Um… Oh, my God, I know. Is it wet in here, ladies, or is it us? The real King James. And, uh… And Kevin James is dating a beautiful, blonde skeleton. And… And hes sad because sometimes shes mean to him. And then… the girl who is in love with him, who he doesnt notice, whos been there all along, waiting in the wings, is Rosario Dawson… arguably the most fuckable actress ever. Rosario Dawson is just, like, working at the zoo, just, like, sweeping up koala shit. Like, Please fuck me, Kevin James. Why wont Kevin James give me his dick? And hes like, Ew, youre wearing khakis, never. Like, that movies about talking animals. There is a beaver and a penguin that are friends and talk about opening a bed and breakfast. But thats not the most unrealistic part of that movie. Its Rosario pretending– She should get an Oscar for that fucking movie. Lets see Meryl do that. I dare you, Meryl. Pretend like youre dying to have Kevin James deep dick you. I… I dare you. Its fucked up in Hollywood. Thats why I– I wrote a movie last year and I, uh… Yeah, thank you. Thanks. I did it. And I went like that, and then send, and Im a hero and, uh… But they were like, Were gonna make your movie. And I was like, Oh, my God, this is so great, cause I love money. Um… So I wrote this movie and, uh, and I just assumed that they would cast, like, a beautiful model-y actress to play the lead role and, uh, you know, like a Blake Lively or like a… Sofía Vergara… Verge… Verchair… Vergina… and, uh, and then Id be on set just as, like, a writer with, like, a messy bun and a laptop like, Um, Miss Lively, the lines actually My pussy hurts.' And… And shed be like, Why is there a garden gnome on set? And, um… And I would just, like, stumble back to my sad office. But… they were like, No, we want you to be in the movie. And I was like, Oh, my God. Me? They were like, Yes. They were like, We just need you to do three things. One, just be yourself. Two, have fun. And three, stop eating food. And I was like, Wait a minute! Im sorry, dont people need food to live? They were like, Thats a myth. So, I was like, Okay. And they were like, No. You promise? I was like, You guys… like, I dont even like food. I was just eating it cause I was bored. Like, ugh. Who wants to, like, chew and eat food all the time? Me. I do. It turns out, I need food and, uh… So they got me a trainer. And Ive never had a trainer before, and this guy is the trainer. Hes like, trains all the Hemsworthses and, um… …like, Megan Fox and, like, an actual fox. Like, everything that you wanna fuck, this guy has gotten his mitts on, and, uh… And so, were meeting for the first time, and I can really picture him, like, it was like slow-mo. I saw him see me and wince. Like, Ooh. Um… He wasnt used to this kind of cargo. So, hes walking toward me and hes smiling at me, like, trying to be brave like you would for, like, a burn victim. Like, hes like… I can see theres a human under there somewhere. And, uh… And like, I– I see him looking at me and I know hes, like, assessing whats up with me. So Im trying to make muscles that, like, my body doesnt even support. Im just like… Like, I look like one of those inflatable things outside a car wash that are like… Im like… And, uh… And so… he gives me this, um, this, like, questionnaire. Hes like, Okay. How many drinks do you have in a week? And Im like– you know how you get just, like, just once in a while, youre like, What if Im just honest for the fuck of it? Like, What if I just… What if I keep it real with this guy right now? So, Im like… 36. 36. And, uh… And hes like, No, alcohol. And Im like, No, alcohol. And… And, uh, hes like, All right, take me through what you eat in a day. And he stops me at noon. Like, he had heard enough. Hes like, I get it. So… And then hes like, Okay, well, heres your new diet, all right? So for breakfast, youll have a smoothie. And then for lunch, youll journal about that smoothie. And then, you put a peanut under your pillow and you hope you dream about pizza. And Im like… Im like, Um, I kind of have to stop you here. Its sounding like at times I will be hungry. Um… Did I miss a couple of courses in there? Uh… And he had to explain to me, like, No, sometimes people are hungry. And Im like, Oh, my God. Well, where are they? Can we bring them food? Like, Ive got some extra stuff in my apartment, like, not a lot– Actually, lets just get them their own food. Um… And, like, thats the secret I found out. Like, thats Hollywoods secret. They dont put food in their faces, and thats not an option for me. Like, I dont know how it was… how it was in your house growing up, but in our– in my house, it was, like, you would eat till you were in a lot of pain… then youd take, like, a little breather… and you get yourself back in even more pain, right? Like, I was born weighing 150. Like, I just came out swinging. Like, Give me linguine, Ma! Thats how its been. Like, I have never in my life– Ive never said this sentence in my life– Ive never said, Oh, my God. I forgot to have lunch today. Like, never in my life. If anything, Ive been like, Oh, shit. I had two lunches today… that lunch and that other lunch. Um… So I was like, I dont think I can do this not eating thing. What if I… just develop an eating disorder? Like, Im a white girl. I can do it, you know? So, I, uh, I made a decision. I was like, Im gonna get a late-in-life eating disorder. And… So I binged regularly, and, uh… and then I was like, Here we go. First day pukin. And… and my body was like, No, bitch. No, we keep our food here. It turns out thats not available to everybody. What was available to me was popping all the blood vessels in my left eye. So… Not only… was I super bloated, but then I had this weird, dead lizard eye. People thought I was an oracle. They were like… asking about their future. And I was like, Im just hungry. I dont know. I dont know about your future. So I… Even from just not drinking, I did, I lost like ten pounds. And this trainer acted like he taught Helen Keller how to read. He was like, There she is. Theres my girl. So I showed up to film this movie and I was like, I think Im a model now. Like, ten– I was seriously– I think a lot of girls are like this. I– We have like a sneaking suspicion, like, in the back of our heads, like, Am I maybe gorgeous? I think Im gorgeous. Right? Im gorgeous, but I just havent stumbled on the right hairdo, you know? But one day, on a whim Ill just, like, cut bangs and everybody will be like, Damn! And Ill be like, Oh, my God, like, treat me the same, you guys. Im the same person under here. And theyre like, We cant, were too hard, and Im like, I get it. But then… But then my stunt double was a guy. Um… I– I thought I was so cool that I had a stunt double. I was just like– I walked into set like, Where is she? and they were like, Thats Troy. And he was dipping and had a beard. I was like, Thats me? They were like, Thats you! Totally tried to have sex with him. Um… Ill admit that to you fine people. I learned, and I should have already known this because Ive been on the road doing stand up for 11 years, and– Thank you. Now I get to be here. And I– This is gonna make some of you gasp. I have never gotten laid after a show, okay? I know, but that is the truth. Male stand-ups– puss as far as the eye can see, okay? And female comics– it is not that way. What Im saying is Im not in this for the dick, okay? Cause it– I mean, I would be if it had led to that, but thats not what happens. The stunt guy, its not my fault I tried to fuck him. He was very hot. Im hot as a guy, it turns out, and… He was from South Africa, and Im just, like, such a sucker for an accent, you know? Like, an English guy or, like, a deaf guy? Mmm. Mmm! That was a test to see if you were bad people… which you are. Um… I do feel bad about that. My moms a speech and hearing therapist for the deaf, and shes gonna hear that, but they wont. So… Cheers, you guys, thanks for coming out. I know that, um, some of you are here by accident and Im sorry. Uh… The Apollo is a beautiful theater with subscribers, so some of you thought you were seeing Godspell tonight, but… Like, I have no information. I have no… I dont know whats going on in the news, ever, like, at all. My friends do. Theyre very smart and theyre up to date, and, like, I try to chime in. Like, they were all very upset about Ferguson, and I was like, I know, I cant believe he left the show. Um… I dont know about this new guy. What do you guys think? And they were like… I kept telling people I was gonna do an ISIS bucket challenge. Like, I… Im doing the UTI challenge right now. Can you… Thank you. Thank you. A UTI, in case you dont know, it is not a college online. It is… a urinary tract infection, and, um, I just got my first UTI at 33. Woman: What?! Yes– I made it this far. I know, unbelievable, right? 33, first– And nobody tells you how embarrassing its gonna be cause no ones like, Howd you get it? Like, you know how I got it. I had sex… and then I was too lazy to pee right after. I chose to lay there, like a cum dumpster, just… Just a receptacle. Was I savoring the moment? What was I doing? And I didnt want to use condoms, cause Im like, What if Im allergic? Like, I dont want to risk, you know? A UTI, its so embarrassing, and then everyones like, Just drink cranberry juice, and that doesnt work at all. And if you order it, everybody knows whats up. Youre, like, at a steakhouse… Yeah, the fillet and, uh… Can I have a cranberry juice? Um… The waitress is like, You want a cranberry juice? Youre like, Yep, yep. Shes like, Why? Cause I love it. No, youre disgusting. I got it. I was sleeping with a guy whos my friend. Having– Like, friends having sex, theres a real sadness to that. Like, I dont know if youve experienced it, when, like, two friends are like, We could stomach fucking each other. We should try that. Just, like, hurl your bodies at each other and… and youre just, like, thinking about it the whole time, like, Ugh, I cant believe Lukes eating my pussy right now, like… Thats fucking– And Lukes thinking, Im eating Schumers pussy right now? Like, its bad. Its all bad. Its really sad. And then… And then, you know, and he was like, really worried about getting me pregnant. And Im like, I was born wearing the NuvaRing, like, I came out ringed up. And, uh… And also, Im like, Guess what, Luke? If I got pregnant with your baby, I would ignore all red lights on the way to Planned Parenthood. Just… It would look like Snowpiercer out my window, just… Its always the guys you would never have a kid with thats like. Like, Im not trying to get your seed, thank you. Thank you, though. Yeah, I have no idea whats going on in the news. I read about the, um, when the celebrities photos got hacked. I read that. Did you guys look at their beautiful little pussies? Im the only one, really? I looked at every little pussy I could find. I wanted to see if they were, like, magical and, like, almond-sized. Not that mine isnt. I mean, you guys, I didnt know youd be sitting this close. Like, its very small, right? Its a– I have a tiny— Its like a Barbie. You cant even find the hole. Youre like, Is there a hole? Tiny. Even in a light days tampon, I walk around, like, Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow… Ooh! Mmm! No, if I, like, sneeze, that would fall out of me. I, um… At the drugstore, Im like, Do you guys have any futons I could maybe borrow? No. Its normal. I think my pussys good. Like, people always come back, you know? Ive got a good… good return rate. Like, Id know by now if it was, like, jacked up. I, uh… I dont know, though. Ive never really looked at my pussy, like… but it got into my head. Amy, what does your pussy look like? Um, probably like the mouth of, like, an old lounge singer, theres, like, a cigarette hanging out of it, just… Shes like doing the Charleston and scatting. Shes like… She calls everybody honey. Just– Im guessing. I dont know. Its a guess. Theyre all beautiful, theyre all equally beautiful, I believe, but… The reason I dont know what my pussy looks like is because women never look at their vaginas. Like, men, you look down, youre like, Oh, theres my dick. Well, like, hopefully. Um… But, girls, you would need, like, a hand mirror and to do some, like, Cirque du Soleil type… Like, its hard to find. And then the only time you see it is if you get a bikini wax. And they wax you and then they show it to you, and there is no faster response time in the world. Youre just like, Yep, that looks great! I see it. Yeah, thats great. Its like identifying a body. Youre like, Thats her! Yeah, definitely her. Thank you. Right? I dont know any girl thats like… Hmm… Maybe a little more off the top. No one… No one does that. I got a massage recently. I hurt my neck doing something thats my business and, um… I know, thats supposed to sound like I was, like, giving a blowjob, but I was honestly opening a jar of salsa con queso. I was like… And, um… So that I could suck it off of a cab drivers dick and, uh… Never. – Uber, yes. – Uber… But, um… Thats me in an Uber. Mmm… mmm. So, my neck hurt, and I looked at this website, and it had music and it looked like a nice spa, and I realized– realized a little late in the game that it was a rub and tug. Now, it is fully my fault. Like, all the signs were there. This is– Its on me. Im taking responsibility. Like, I had to be buzzed in. Um… I dont know a spa thats like, Whos there? Like, they usually let you come and go at your leis, and, uh… There were gold bars on the windows. I was like, Ooh, exclusive. And, uh… I swear, I got in there and they were like, Are you law enforcement? And I was like, No, but I have been working out more, thank you. Uh… And then the girl who came to get me, she was leading the guy before me out by the small of his back, which is body language for, Thats okay you came on my foot. Thats okay. And, uh… And then she walked me back to the room like she was walking me through, like, a fun frat party. She like– shes like, Come on! Shes like, Woo! And Im like, Okay. And then we get in there and thats when I knew, because it was just two– It was just a steel table, like– like youd examine people on in Lost… and towels, like, hardened towels. You know the color. And… and there was no face cradle cause no one had ever laid facedown before. So, uh, I still laid facedown. I was like, Fuck this, I am not finding out what they do to girls here. So I just put my head over the edge. And I was really trying to keep things on the up-and-up. Im like, Its just my neck, girl, like, just my neck. And shes all upper thigh. Shes like, Is this your neck? Im like, You know thats not my neck. And then I just kind of accept it into my heart. I was like, Amy, you know youre getting a thumb right in the butthole. Just accept it. Embrace it. This is Gods plan for you, Amy. ? Let it go ? ? Let it go ? And then, she didnt do it and I was fucking furious. Just… What about my butthole? I, uh… I– I would have let her go down on me, I bet. Like… I would let anyone go down on me, actually. Um… you ever think about that? Like, sometimes Ill see people on the street, Im like, How bad would it get before I said no? Like, when would I… I see kinda, like, a hot, like, newly homeless dude. Like, I mean, week one, doesnt even have a sign or a dog yet, you know, just, like… just got out there. Yes, I thought. Yes, thats fine. Some family members… like a cousin. Like… Not like a cousin you grew up playing with, like just one that you see at funerals, like that kind of a distance. He could go down on me. Any girl, any girl. I mean, I could never go down on a girl, though. I couldnt do it. If a pussy were ever in front of me and it was, like, go time, it would be like I was, like, trying to jump into Double Dutch. I would be like… I cant. Youre a beautiful girl. Im so sorry, I cant. Thank you for braiding my hair. Um… Im, like, seriously winded from just, like, moving my body for two seconds. Theyre like, Oh, shes gonna sweat again. I, uh, before I left LA, I– my agent got me courtside seats to a Laker game. And I dont care about basketball, or any sport, at all. But courtside, I thought it would be free booze, and its not, it turns out. Im like, Do you have to be, like, the point guard to get a merlot? This is horrible. But I go to the game and I was like, This is a fancy event. Like, I want to bring it, I want to look great, you know? And I did. I put on, like, blush, and like… thats it, but, like… Like, so much blush, you know? Like, a lot of blush and… I was really kind of feeling myself, you know? I just walk in and Im like, Here I am. Like, feast your eyes, and then the first person I saw was literally Kate Upton. And I was like, Oh, I get it. Im not a real woman, Im just harvesting organs for one. So if Kate was ever like, My liver feels weird, Id be like, Well, here, and then, like, bleed out. And shed be like, Do you have anything smaller? And, uh… I dont know why my, like, livers flopping around her hand. So I see Kate Upton and I knew, I knew she wanted to talk to me because beautiful girls love funny girls. They think were like clowns, you know? Like, I just knew. Shes gonna, like, poke me. Like, Do your clown thing. And Im like, I dont want to. But… And funny girls do not want anything to do with beautiful girls. And you guys are like, Amy, but youre both. Oh, my God, thank you guys for all thinking that. All of you, every one of you, every single one of you, and all my ex-boyfriends. Oh, my God. Like, you can have it all. Um… I dont like talking to really hot people. Im very grossed out being around someone gorgeous. But my friend talked to her and he was like, She was actually really funny, and I was like, Fuck you. No way. Theres no way. We just have such low expectations for hot– for hot people to be anything. Im like, You were probably blown away she wasnt just sitting there playing with her tits and drooling Like… Im like, What did she say that was so funny? And he was like, Well, we were talking about playing pool later and she was like, Get ready to lose.' I was like, Oh, whens her hour special coming out on HBO? What a great… Fuck you. Wouldnt that have gone so different if it were like just a normal-looking girl? Shes like, Get ready to lose. They would have been like, Did you hear that cunt? Like, what a fucking… But instead they were like, Oh, my God, you should be Seinfeld. Um… Ugh. Attractive people have their own weird rules. They have hot people contests. Did you ever see a beauty pageant? Has anybody? Okay, here. I saw Miss USA this year. Heres what happens, okay? These very tan… very hungry… cadavers… they walk back and forth… across the stage like theyre haunting it. Just… Youre like, We see you. Theyre like, No, you dont. And they make them wear a sash so they can remember where theyre from. And these girls, its the weirdest thing. Different outfits all night. Just… And theyre so nervous. And youre like, Why are they so nervous? Like, theyre just walking. Oh, this outfit. What is it? But its because at the end of the night, they make them do this thing, its so fucked up. They dim the lights, and they change the music, and they make these poor girls answer one question. Just one. Theyre just like– The hosts are very patient with them. Theyre like, Okay, look, ladies, you knew this was coming. Youre gonna have to form a sentence. And they cant believe they have to– Theyre all holding each other and weeping. Like, No! Words! And they cant do it. And you know theyve been coached. Like, just say education and get the fuck out of there. And they cant. They cant do it. The one who wins, the one they crown the winner is just the one that doesnt, like, blurt out the N-word. Theyre like, You did it! Shes like, I did it! But I was thinking it! Theyre like, Shh! Like, Oh! I wanna thank Michigan and… Its insane. They all answer like that one person on Family Feud that just blows it, you know? I love Family Feud, first of all. Isnt it the best? Everyones in the same shirt and theyre just like, Were the White family! And were the Black family! And then… And then theres always one person. Its like a softball question, too. Its like, Favorite place to see a movie. Microwave! And the family is like, Good answer. Good answer. But you know theyre thinking, Youre not gonna be buried with the rest of us, okay? I want them to do a Where Are They Now? with people who blew it on Family Feud. Like… just, like, ten years later. Forget about the plane ride home, which you know is horrible. Its like Thanksgiving ten years from then and hes like, Can somebody pass the mashed potatoes? Theyre like, Why dont you look in the microwave, Terry? You fucking idiot! Watch a movie while youre in there! So anyway, Im at this Laker game and, uh… Actually, I, um, I didnt see Miss America, but I heard that the girl, like, had a really good response. They asked her, like, How would you solve ISIS? And, yeah, she had a good answer, but, like, why are you asking her that? Like, in the middle of her– Like theyre just gonna, like, chopper her to the Pentagon and be like… Obamas gonna be like, We like what we heard back there, we want to hear more. Like, why? The whole reason I got tickets to the game, um, he gave me these seats because he thought I was mad at him for sexually harassing me… which I wasnt. Like, Im 33. I really appreciate that shit right now. I just… You know, when youre in your 20s, if you walk past a construction site and theyre like, Yeah, youre like, How dare you! My secret bits! But… In your 30s, you walk past and youre like, What about this, huh? My skirts, like, over my head. Im like… Aah! Theyre like, Were eating. Im like… Aah! That shit changes. It does. Who here is in their 40s? What about 30s? 20s? Do you hear that hope? Remember? Do you remember 20s hope? Do you? I kinda do. You know, you just walk around like, Everythings gonna work out. Everybodys always gonna want to fuck me! And then youre like, Oh, cool. Cellulite on my hands and feet. Um… In your 20s, youre so corrupt with power, especially if youre in love in your 20s. Remember 20s love? Youre just so arrogant. Youre like, Were so lucky we found each other. What are all these sad songs about? I think of 20s love the same as the tsunami, because I read that in the tsunami, the tide was way in, so, fish were flopping around the shore and people were, like, psyched. They were gathering them with baskets. Like, I cant believe my luck. Look at all these fish! Thats, like, 20s love. Youre like, For me and me! And then youre like, Oh, fuck! And it murders you. But yeah. But enjoy it. Um… Enjoy it. Thats why Im so annoyed Im single again. That means Im gonna have to go out with a new dude and hell– Well go to the movies and hell be like, Do you want to get a popcorn? and Ill be like, Oh, my God, I hadnt even thought about it. Um… thats not the whole reason I wanted to come see this piece of shit movie. Ive left so many movies right after the previews cause I finished my popcorn. And then hes like, What size do you want? and Im like… Small, look at me. Meanwhile, a small popcorn, like, thats like taking one Advil. Like, get the fuck out of here. Its like taking six Xanax. Like, why are you wasting my time? Small popcorn. And then the cashier is like, For $15, you can get one more handful, and Im like, That sounds like a great deal. Well take it. You sit in there and youre supposed to act like youre not thinking about the popcorn and youre just watching the movie, like, Oh, I forgot that we even had popcorn. But really, I just want to, like, push his eyes in with my thumbs… and just dump the popcorn all over my face and head and just run out screaming, You would have found out anyway, motherfucker! So Im single. Um… I know, you guys are all thinking, like, Amy, this is all great, but how do we date you? Um, you cant. And not just cause Im not totally out of the woods with this UTI, but also… I am not on any dating sites. Like, the only app I have on my phone like that is Foodspotting, which is like Tinder but for food. So, it lets you know about foods in your area. Uh… Like the other day I was, like, eyeing up, like, this one scone and it was under a mile away, I was like, Is this a coincidence? Like, I dont– Its like, Yes. And then, uh… Im like, Should I go? and my friends are like, Go! Like, go! See! and Im like, Okay. So I went and I kind of, like, sidled up to the scone and its like, Oh, my God, you look just like your picture. Do you want to come home with me? Um… And I was, like, I was hungry, so I was putting a little butter on saltines… but then I kinda took a look at myself. Im like, Hold on, Amy. Like, youre not Martha Stewart, just put the butter and the cracker in your mouth and theyll find each other in there. Who am I? Im like the Barefoot Contestant or whatever. Im like, Uh! Dirtying a knife. So, I was dating someone for a little bit this year. I was dating an infectious disease doctor cause two birds. And… What do you want? And he wound up being a, like, an insane alcoholic and thats my thing. Uh… I feel like in most relationships, theres, like, one alcoholic, and then, like, one person whos sad about it, and I wanted to be, like, the fun one. So, I called my mom, um, because nothing makes her happier than me being alone, and shes like, Oh, my God, will I be seeing you more? Um… and Im like, Yes, Mom, and she starts giving me advice. Shes like, Am, you need to love like youve never been hurt, and Im like, Are you reading off of a bumper sticker right now? Like… shes like, Dance like no ones watching. Like, dance like a couple of people are watching. Right? Even if youre alone, maybe hold it together. Cross the street like no cars– What? I was thinking about this last night and I was having a little, um, wine and… weed and an Ambien, um… or as I call it, tucking myself in. Um… Good night, moon. And… I… I am a good person. I swear to you. Like, Im very old-school. I think the guy should always pay on the first date for sex and… Im a romantic. Im labeled a sex comic. Like, thats in interviews. People are always like, So you– you talk about sex, and Im like… I think its just cause Im a girl. I feel like a guy could get up here and literally pull his dick out and everybody would be like, Hes a thinker. But… Right? Its true. But then I mention one UTI and everyone just thinks I walk around leaving, like, a snail trail of cum, Im just like… And theyre like, Oh, Amys been here. Cum is unsettling, isnt it? I dont say that to shock you or– or get your attention– Like, Oh, no she didnt. Like, Im just reminding you that were all disgusting. No one in here is better than anyone else. Like, youve all caught a hot load, you know? Like, if that provides you with discomfort, youre just looking at it the wrong way. We need to be nicer about cum. We really do. Cum gives us life, you know? Gandhi was cum. Oprah– cum. Oprah could have wound up all over somebodys tits, but no… we got Oprah. Thank you, cum. And yes, it is sticky and gross and no one ever wants it in their mouth ever, ever, ever, but… we need to change how were thinking about it. Its not a wonderfully regal moment as a woman when you take a load. Um… when someone cums in you, youre not like, We can do it. Im glad I leaned in. Its not– But its a fact of life. All the greatest women have dealt with it, okay? Ruth Bader Ginsburg. Diane Sawyer. Michelle Obama, who I love, like the rest of us, probably once a week has to carefully walk to the bathroom. Just squish, squish, squish, squish, squish, squish, squish, squish, squish, squish, squish. Its the White House. Its probably a long hallway. Squish, squish, squish, squish, squish, squish. And with her perfect arms, she has to deal with it. Just… This is more than normal. I wonder whats… Baracks like, Get out here. I want to talk about those e-mails. Shes like, Im cleaning out your troops right now. Yeah, I am labeled a sex comic and… I just think that sex is explained incorrectly as far as men and womens roles go. Its like, were all told over and over again, men love sex and women just deal with it, right? Like, every article, every sitcom, its always the guy getting home from work like, Honey, how about tonight, huh? And shes always like, Blah! You know I hate your dick. Laundry, laundry. Its insane. I dont know any girls like that. Every girl I know likes having sex. I love having sex. Not a weird amount, but like a normal person. All of my friend– I mean, one of them doesnt, but we think something, like, happened to her. But… but youre made to feel really disgusting and weird if youre a girl who likes to have sex. Like, Ive dated some guy– I would say 50% in the relationships, I initiate the sex, and then 50% we dont have it. Um… No, but Ive been in relationships where its always the dude, like and then you, like, later realize he was a sex addict, which– Have you ever dated a sex addict? Its so fun at first when you dont know. Youre like, Am I the hottest piece of ass in the world? And then youre like, Oh, no, he would fuck a mailbox. Um… Which is why Im dressed like this. Uh… but… And then, you know, Ive dated guys where I always have to initiate and thats embarrassing. Its because I used to fuck really dumb guys and I miss that so very, very much. Dumb guys really pound you… cause theyre dumb. I love men, though. I really do. I was on the subway the other day and I heard these two guys having this conversation. So theres two of them. Theyre standing on the subway and theyre like… Hes like, Dude, you gotta go to this bar. They give you chips as soon as you sit down. And the other guy goes, Yeah, but they dont refill em, right? Hes like, They refill em the whole time. He goes, Sick! And then they were quiet for, like, ten stops. Just kinda like… just, like, basking in the great exchange. I just– I just loved them, you know? I just looked at them like, I want that. Why cant that be me? Cause you know, if it had been two girls, I would have been looking, thinking, Thats so cool that these two special needs women… found each other, you know? If it had been me and a girlfriend and I was like, They give you chips. They give you– Youd be like, Oh, my God, wheres their stop? Like, dont they have an attendant? Youd be worried. But I like creative types. I fucked up. I got to an age, I want to be able to have a conversation with someone, like an idiot, and the creative types, theyre all… ugh, like, comics and artists. They all– You have to treat their dick like a soufflé in the oven. You cant make a big motion or loud noise near it or itll fall and you have to start over with a good attitude. Is that how you jerk someone off? Am I doing it? Its crazy. Like, we– Its crazy that we get– we get guilted about this. Like, women wanna cum. Of course we wanna cum. What girls are having sex like, Oh, no, Im just– Im just honored to be witnessing your process. I– Its just so cool to be a part of– No, I dont want to feel the one good thing were allowed as humans. No, I– This is just you. Please, anywhere. Um… Make your girls cum, guys. Its just explained incorrectly. Its just… I remember as a very young girl, too young, it was broken down for me. It was like, Be careful, Amy. Men only want one thing. They are all gonna try and fuck you! I was like, Okay. And then I waited. Lets see. Am I on the wrong street? Are they… I do like talking about sex. I like hearing about it more. Like, I love hearing sex acts, you know? Theres, like, terms for all those– all that stuff. Like, theres a… the donkey punch, you know, or, like, the dirty Sanchez. These are the ones– the classics that we all grew up with, right? Those are, like, the To Kill a Mockingbird of sex terms. But there are so many that youve never heard of. I love hearing new ones. Theres, like… theres the dirty Rochester… Did you ever hear of that? Okay, that is where the guy shits on your chest while hes on a business trip to Rochester. Is that maybe not really a thing and I was perhaps lied to? I love– There– theres the dolphin. Thats where the guy tries to put it in the girls butt and she goes, Ehh-ehh, ehh-ehh. Thats, like, a fun family one. Theres… the Alaskan pipeline, which, um… a guy shits in a condom, freezes it… and then you know what? I wont say the end of it cause it doesnt end, like, in a super romantic, like, Notebook-y type way. She doesnt like, pull it out and find a ring on it and say, like, Yes! Theres no good one for the girl. Theres no, like, wacky Shirley where she sits on his face and reads her tweets, like, theres nothing. We have nothing. Does anyone know one thats good for the girl? Anybody? No, right? I asked that– I asked that in the first show and somebody said the minivan. Two in the front, five in the back, and… I dont even know what he was referring to, actually. Do you guys know any? I love hearing new ones. Does anybody have– Huh? Man: The angry dragon. The angry dragon? What is that? Um, basically, when youre– When a girl is sucking your dick– When a girl is sucking your dick– Oh, my– Wait, I love how your girlfriend looks right now. Shes like, Please… Youre his mom? Oh, my God! This is totally your fault, Mom! This beautiful boy you raised. Well, lets hear the story of how you were born. Go ahead. Angry dragon. All right. Uh, basically when youre about to climax, when youre getting a blowjob, you push her head– When youre about to climax, you push her head… You push her head at the back of her– I like that hes acting it out. Like, hes like, This is what it looks like! Yes! …and the jizz goes up through the nose. Up through the nose. Whats your name? What is it? George? Jordan. Jordan, I think youre grounded. I love you, Mom. Thank you for bringing him. For raising him into the perfect gentleman. Theres none that are good for the girl. Theres one called the raccoon where you just punch her in both eyes and knock over her trash. Like, theyre not… That doesnt even make sense. Theres the Abraham Lincoln. Thats where he– the guy trims his pubes, – cums on the girls face, and then… – throws the pubes… so she has that facial hair. You guys dont like US history? I cant gauge the crowd. Whats wrong? The worst one Ive ever heard is the Houdini, which is where the guys having sex with the girl from behind, then unbeknownst to her, his friend subs in for him. Guy number one runs outside, knocks on the window, waves to the girl… which is just rape. Like, thats just rape. Its not fair to Houdini. Like, no girl is gonna think thats hilarious. No girls gonna be like, What? Ahh! Baby, I thought you were fucking me, but its Phil! I love you! Thank you so much, Apollo! Muah! ? Yo ? ? Man ? ? Man, uh ? ? Bitches aint shit ? ? And they aint sayin nothin ? ? A hundred motherfuckers cant tell me nothin ? ? I beez in the trap ? ? Be-Beez in the trap ? ? I beez in the trap ? ? Be-Beez in the trap ? ? Bitches aint shit ? ? And they aint sayin nothin ? ? A hundred motherfuckers cant tell me nothin ? ? I beez in the trap ? ? Be-Beez in the trap ? ? I beez in the trap ? ? Be-Beez in the trap ? Young Amy: ? Let me entertain you ? ? Let me do a few tricks ? ? Some old and then some new tricks ? ? Im very versatile ? Man: Mm-hmm. ? And if youre real good ? ? Ill make you feel good ? ? I want your spirits to climb ? ? So let me entertain you ? ? And well have a real good time, oh boy ? ? And well have a real good time ? Woman: So easy!

TREVOR NOAH@LOST IN TRANSLATION@2015@ [upbeat music] [cheers and applause] Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Hello. Yeah! This is us. Hello. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much. Nice to see you. Thank you. Thank you. Welcome. Welcome. This is us. Washington, D.C. [cheers and applause] Yeah! Okay, you guys feeling good? Yeah? [cheers and applause] Thats good. Thats good, yeah. Whoo-hoo, whoo-hoo to you too. – Whoo! – And that as well, maam. And that as well. I love that. I love the sounds people make. Its so much fun, yeah. Were just–were just throwing language out of the window. I like that. I feel like were devolving as human beings now. No, cause that was the thing that separated us from the apes, wasnt it? The fact that we chose speech. Yeah. The monkeys used to run around and screech. [screeching] And we were like, No. English. [laughter] But now, weve started to go back to that, started to embrace our roots. People get excited, Are you happy? Im real happy. How happy? Whoo-hoo, whoo-hoo! Whoo-hoo! Whoo! Whoo! Whoo! Ow! Thats one of my favorite sounds. It sounds like someones having so much fun they hurt themselves. Like you didnt plan ahead of time. [screeches] Ow! Too much fun. Such a weird sound. I love it. And you know whats crazy is that we all know what that sound means. We dont agree on anything in this world– race, religion, politics– but that sound, that whoo-hoo, has united us all. You can make that sound anywhere and people accept it. As long as theres alcohol present, you can make that sound. Whoo-hoo! But there has to be alcohol. You cant make that sound anywhere else. You cant make that sound in the office. Its unacceptable. Your boss wont allow it. You cant be like, Final email. Sent. Whoo-hoo! Johnson! Sorry, sir. Sorry, sorry. Cant make that sound in church. And that is why Jesus died for our sins. Whoo-hoo! Sorry, pastor. Go to hell. You just cant do it, but everyone knows it. Everyone knows what whoo-hoo means. It means happiness, yeah. The happiness of the people. Strange, because no one asked me to vote on it. I didnt get to choose. If I was to choose, I dont know that I would pick whoo-hoo as the sound of happiness. Strangely enough, I think it may be more apt as the sound of sadness. I could see it, at a funeral. Family gathered around the caskets. Tears streaming down their face. Pastor reading the eulogy. Well always remember Mary as a loving mother, a caring friend, foodie, blogger, and wonderful sister. Before we lay her to rest, would you please join me now as we observe a moment of whoo-hoo. Everyones standing there in tears. [imitates sobbing] Whoo-hoo! Whoo-hoo! Ow! Therell always be one big lady in the corner, [Amazing Grace melody] ? Whoo ? Whoo-hoo ? Whoo-hoo, hoo-hoo Thank you very much, sister. Such a fun sound. The sound of happiness. The sound of white happiness, in particular. Yeah. Ive tracked it. Ive searched for the source of whoo-hoo and I found it originated with white people. White–white woman in particular. Yeah, thats where it comes from. That is the sound of a white womans turnup. That is the sound of her getting into the game. Its like, Tammy! Whoo-hoo! And thats where you know its on. Yeah, cause everyone else learned it from a white woman. Thats where it came from, you know? It spread through society like a virus. Its not the natural sound anybody else makes. White women make that sound instinctively, but everyone else has learned it. Like, white men were the first ones to learn it, because for them, its sort of like a mating call. They know what it means. They have to reciprocate, like, Whoo-hoo! Whoo-hoo! But everyone else had to learn it. Its a natural sound for them but for nobody else. Like, black people whoo-hoo but its not the natural sound black people make for fun, you know? Black people can whoo-hoo. Black people often do whoo-hoo, but its not instinctively a black sound of happiness. And I think its because black people arent comfortable with the whoo-hoo. Deep down inside theres a certain moment in whoo-hoo when every black person stops enjoying it. Theres just– theres just a moment when–and maybe this is just my personal experiences, but I fear it sounds eerily similar to a police siren. Theres just a moment where it stops being fun. [cheers and applause] Theres just that split second where its like, Whoo-hoo, whoo! Whoo, whoo, whoop-whoop, whoo. Whoop. Whoop. Boop. [laughter] Put your hands in the air… and keep them there. Its not the sound of happiness in my life, thats not– Although, I guess thats why white people do it. Cause white people love calling the police, so theyre probably like, Whoo-hoo! Oh, my God, the cops are here! Party time! Come on in. I thought youd never make it. Cause white people do, white people have a very different relationship with the police. I was trying to explain this to my friend, Dave. You know, when were hanging out hes like, Dude, what is it with black people and police? Im like, Its not that black people dont like the police or hate the police, its just that–its just that we have a tumultuous history with the police. One day we were driving– were driving on the highway and the police car pulled up behind us and I got tense. I just got really tense. And hes like, Dude, whats going on? I said, The police. The police are behind us. He was like, Yeah, and? Did you do anything wrong? I said, Thats not the point. Because it really isnt. For white people, that is the point. The police will send you to jail if you do something wrong. As a black person, you have a different relationship. The police may send you to jail just because. I know this because I was– I was driving– I got pulled over by the police for the first time in my life in America. And already, Im not very comfortable when driving in the United States, you know. Not because its the other side of the road, but because its the other side of the car. Im not used to that, you know. Like–like, I always get into the car on the wrong side. Ill be shopping and Ill come back to my car confidently, and Ill jump inside and put the things down, and then Im like, Ah. [laughter] And then instead of getting out, I sit there. I always just sit there, because I always think somebodys watching me. So I just sit there and I act like I planned it all, like… Where is my driver? [laughter] Where is my– He should have been here by now. Where is my–Oh, well, I guess Ill drive myself. [laughter] I dont know why I do that. Im not comfortable. But you have to drive in Los Angeles. So I had a little rental car and Im driving on the freeway and this police car pulls up behind me. And he drives behind me for a little bit and then he flashes his lights. And I was like, Oh, he probably wants to go past. And so I moved over to the middle lane and then he came with me and he flashed his lights again. And I was like, Oh, come on, just go past me, man. Just go past me, man. And I went back to the fast lane, he came back with me. And he hit–flash the lights, and this time it was like, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop. And I was like, Yeah, go past. You keep coming with me. Go past. Cause I didnt think he was stopping me. I thought it was basically the vehicular equivalent of that moment on the sidewalk when you both dont know which way to go. I thought we were doing that with our cars, like, Oh, oh, yeah. Oh, yeah, all right. Ahh. I thought that was happening. I thought that was happening. And clearly he thought that I was evading him in the most polite manner ever, because he gets irritated, and hes like, Pull over to the side of the road, sir. Whoop, whoop. Pull over to the side of the road now. Now, I couldnt hear what the hell he was saying. Im not gonna–Which I think is part of the problem. I dont think its fair that police have speakers on their cars and we dont. I think this is a recipe for disaster. Thats the first step in mending relationships is communication, people. I dont know what the hell that guy was saying, but I couldnt tell him. He was like, Pull over to the side of the road [indistinct mumbling]. If I had a speaker, I would have had the ability to be like, Sir, I cannot hear what youre saying. Enunciate your words, please. Enunciate your words. Speak clearly. I said, pull over [mumbles]. Whoop, whoop, whoop, whoop. No, no, use your words, buddy, use your words. Talk to me. Talk to me. What do you need? Pull over, pull over. Id be like, Okay, I will be pulling over right now. Thank you very much. Like, it would be more effective, but I didnt know. So Im–and hes like, Pull over [mumbles]. Im like, I dont know what the hell you want. Pull over to the side of the road [mumbles]. Im like, What are you talking about? Hes like, Pull over! Pull over! And I panicked, and so I stopped. I pulled over. Right there where I was on the freeway, which apparently youre not supposed to do. I didnt know this, cause I just know that police tell me to do something, I do it. So he said, Pull over, and then I stopped. and then he was like, Dont pull over there. Then I was like, Well, you should have been more specific. You cant tell me to pull over and then tell me not pull over. You shouldve said pull over at a time that is more appropriate. You cant just tell– Now Im panicking. Hes like, Get back onto the road. Im like, This guy does not know what he wants. Im– Now, Im back on the road. Hes like, Take the next exit. And now, were driving and now hes guiding me along. Its like I had a really angry GPS. It was the weirdest thing ever. And, so hes driving me like, Make a right at the light. Make a right. Its like I chose angry cop on my Waze. Thats what it felt like. He was like, Turn left. No, I said left. Turn left. No, recalculating. When it is safe, Mickey. [laughter] And so finally– finally we stopped. We stop, I pull over on the side of the road. He pulls over behind me and he gets out of the car, and Im shitting myself. As he gets out, he goes, Keep your hands where I can see them! Im like, I dont know what you can see or not see. I dont know. These are very vague instructions. I dont know what you cant– So now, Im doing this. Cause I dont know what you can see or not. I was– Like, dont get me wrong. I just– You know what the thing is. I just dont want to die. Thats all, I dont– I just dont want to die. And I know I dont look like– but Im not the dying type. I really–Im not. Like, Im a chill-out guy who likes living. I dont want to die, and the worst thing is I dont know how not to die. Thats the thing. I dont know how not to die. Cause every day, I turn on the TV it seems like another black person is being shot. So I just want to know how not to get shot, you know? I try and learn, I really do. I try and learn, you know? It all started in the lower– in the lower echelons of enforcement, community watch, George Zimmerman, shot Trayvon, the young boy. And the story started off with Man shoots boy. Everyone was like, Yeah, this is horrible. This is disgusting. But then the news, for some strange reason, the next day they just forget and then they start asking other questions. Well, why was he wearing a hoodie? What was he doing, and why was he wearing a hoodie? I was like, Oh, is that–so thats–so dont wear a hoodie. Thats what it is, the hoodie. Its very frightening. You dont know whats going on under there. Yeah, weve all seen Star Wars. Its the creepiest thing ever. Yeah, yeah. Its the dark side. And so I was like, oh, if I dont wear a hoodie then Im safe. No ones gonna shoot me if I dont wear a hoodie. you cut forward, and then the next thing you know its Mike Brown in Ferguson, and he gets shot by the police. Unarmed, gets shot. You know, like a man was unarmed and he got shot, and I was like, Oh, this is disgusting. And they said, But also, he approached the police officer apparently, and he may or may not have scuffled with him. We dont know, but he approached him. And I was like, okay, okay, dont wear a hoodie and dont approach the police. Dont go towards the police. You see police, you go the other way. You got the other way from– Okay, cool. I got it. So no hoodies, no approaching the police. This is it, Im learning. Im learning. This is– But then–but then the next guy comes on the news, Eric Garner in New York City. And there he is, hes standing and the police, they apprehend him and they start choking him. He doesnt go towards them. He doesnt– Hes standing there with his arms up, and he gets choked to death by six policemen. And then they come on the news and they say–and they go, Well, you gotta understand, for these police, I mean, this was a– this was a pretty big guy. He was a pretty big guy. He was scary. He was a really scary, big black guy. And Im like, Okay, cool. So dont be a big black guy and then you should be fine. Dont be a big black guy and then I should– And every day I look in the mirror and Im like, Good job. And Im like, Okay, fine, fine. Okay, so dont wear a hoodie. Dont wear your hoodie and dont approach the policemen and dont be a big black man. I think–I think Ive got it all down. I think– And then I turn on the TV and then I see Walter Scott. A 50-something-year-old man running away from a policeman getting shot in the back. Running away from the policeman. And again, the media, for some strange reason, just seems to forget what the main purpose of–of the discussion is. Cause on day one they go, Unarmed man shot in the back. Day two theyre like, Who was Walter Scott? Lets find out about it. Apparently he had a charge of assault against him in 1987. So he gets shot for it? How hard did he punch the guy that he gets shot for it in 2015? What, did he punch the guy into the future and then he came back to get him? Is that what happened? I mean, it was the 80s. Everyone punched somebody in the 80s. I dont understand why this is a big deal. They were saying the craziest things. They were like, Walter Scott, I mean, this is– Everybodys talking about the police officer. Lets talk about him. Why did he run? Why did he run? Cause he didnt want to go to jail. Are we really gonna live in a world where police no longer want to chase criminals? Is that what were saying? Is that what were saying? Police no longer want to chase criminals. Thats the whole point of the game, isnt it? We played it as kids, cops and robbers, yeah? Youve seen the movies. Thats what makes it fun. Freeze! You cant catch me, copper. And then you run. Thats what makes it fun. Now, police no longer want to chase criminals. Were gonna live in a world where police– Can you imagine what thats gonna do to the movie industry? Its gonna be horrible. Were gonna be watching Bad Boys Five, Martin Lawrence and Will Smith, Freeze! Okay. End of movie. Done. It would be the worst movie ever. This is the strangest thing. They ask all the weird questions, questions that have nothing to do with a man being shot who is unarmed. They come on and they go, Also–also noted is that Walter Scott owed $16,000 in child support. To the cop? [laughter] No, no, I mean, like– [cheers and applause] To the– Cause–cause that would be a different story. That would be like if that was the mother of his children that shot him, then you know what? I may–I may actually be on her side. You never know, yeah. I might have been there like, You know what, sister, you shoot him in the back, girl. Thats right, you shoot him thinking he aint gonna pay after he play. You shoot him in the back thinking he gonna run away from his responsibilities. Shoot him dead. But this has nothing to do with it. A policeman shoots an unarmed man. Hes running away, and they have the nerve– They have the nerve, the crazy nerve to say, This officer feared for his life. He was afraid. Afraid of what? The mans running away. Theres nothing less frightening than somebody running away from you. That is the definition of fear. Hes running away. The only thing he could have done to be less threatening is to cluck like a chicken as he–[clucking]. Theres nothing less frightening than a man running away from you. Like, what are you afraid of? You cant say he was running– I was afraid. Afraid of what? Hes running away from you. That makes no sense. Youre seeing him from behind. No ones threatening from behind. Theyre running away. Theres no one whos– Like, maybe Kim Kardashian, but nobody else is– Hes running away from you. You shoot him in the back. Like, yeah, I was afraid. Afraid of what? What, do you have abandonment issues? Why would you shoot a man– My dad left when I was five. Makes no sense. So I dont know how not to die. And here I am in my car on the side of the road in a random street in Los Angeles, and the whole time it was like, I dont want to die. I dont want to die. I dont want to die. And the policeman gets out of his car and he starts walking towards me and his hand is by his side. And its doing this. And Ive watched westerns. [laughter] I know what this means. This is never good. This never turns into friendship. [laughter] So now, Im starting to stress and Im looking at him in the side mirror of my car and Im panicking, because objects in the mirror are closer than they appear. So hes gonna get there at any moment. And I dont know why, I dont know why I did this. Like as soon as he–I panicked. I completely panicked, and I launched myself out the window. I took my body and I threw it out the window, and I fell under the side of the car just like… [imitated explosion] and onto the side of the car. I basically went back to nature. I thought of a predator. You dont make eye contact and you play dead. Thats all I did, I just played dead on the side of the car. Which freaked him out. He was completely– He was just like, What? Hey, hey! Hey, whats going on? I said, Im sorry, officer. Im sorry. Hes like, Sir, what are you sorry for? I said, Whatever it is thats gonna make you shoot me, Im sorry. Im sorry, officer. He said, Sir, get back in the car. Get back in the car. I said, No! I dont wanna die. Please, Im not falling for that trick. Please, officer, Im sorry. Hes like, Sir, Im not– Im not gonna kill you. Just get back in the car. And I mean, this guy was just as freaked out as I was. Im not gonna lie. Cause I mean, when I put myself in his shoes, what does he do? Imagine that, youre standing on the side of the road, a guy jumps out of his own car. What doe he– He cant even call for backup. What does he say? 10-4, I need backup. What do you need? I got a black guy, killed himself? 10-4, you gotta make something up better than that. Well back you up, dont worry. Like, you cant– Like, what do you say? Its just like a weird– The guys freaking out. Im freaking out, and Im lying there. And this guy, he–he approaches slowly. He approaches, he finally gets to me and lifts my arms, and hes like, Get back in the car, sir, get back. Get back in. And he stuffs–he stuffs me back into my window. Get back there. Im like, No, no, Im not– Please, I dont want to die. Hes like, Sir, sir, calm down. Calm down. I go, Okay. Im sorry. Im sorry. Hes like, Sir, have you been drinking? I said, No, sir, I havent been drinking. He said, Okay, calm down. Do you know why I pulled you over, sir? I said, Is it because Im black? And now, I wasnt being an ass, nor was I joking. Id just been informed that as a black person in America, if you drive a really nice car, theres a good chance youre gonna get pulled over by the police. Yeah, so in my world, he was doing his job as I had been told. Yeah, I wasnt judging him. In fact, I was– I was a little flattered. I was like, Well, thank you very much, Mr. Officer, for noticing this bad boy right here. Thats right, 2015, baby. I was really excited. He was more freaked out, though, cause I–cause I said to him, I said, Is it because Im black? And then he did this thing that Ive come to learn is the reaction of white people in America who, when they hear information they cant process fast enough, have this–this thing where they smile on the outside, but on the inside, its almost as if theyre short-circuiting. [laughter] Like, he looks at me and he goes, Im–Im sorry, what? I said, Because Im black, thats why you pulled me over. And he goes, Uh, no. Hey, no, no. Hey, we– No, that–that is not–that– No. No. Hey, um, who– I dont–I dont–No. No, that is not why– [stutters] [imitates explosion] I felt so bad for him. Yeah, I think we both learned a lot that day. The two of us grew from that experience. Yeah. I was speeding, thats why he pulled me over. [laughter] Yeah. But he let me go. Fear. Im having a great time, I really am. Im not getting speeding fines, enjoying my time out here. Some of you may or may not know, I got a job. This is fantastic for me. [cheers and applause] Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you very much, yeah. [cheers and applause] Thats–and thats– Thats how my grandmother put it, funny enough. I phoned my grandmother to tell her that Id be working on The Daily Show, and she was really excited. She was like, Whoo, Trevor! Im so happy for you! Well done. You got a job. I said, No, no, Granny, I already had a job. And shes like, No, you didnt. Did you have an office? I said, No. Shes like, Then it wasnt a job. Thats all she cares about. My mom was a bit better. I called her to tell her the news, and to give you a bit of a backstory, Ive got two younger brothers. Right, so one brother is nine years younger than me, and then the youngest is 20 years younger than me, right. And so the youngest just became one of the student council members in his school, right. So he got onto the student council. So I phoned my mom to tell her my good news. Im on the phone with her and Im like, Oh, Mom, I dont know if you heard, Im gonna be on The Daily Show.' And shes like, Oh, my baby, Im so excited. Oh, praise Jesus, this is wonderful. Well done, baby. Im so happy for you. And did you hear what happened to your brother? Im like, No, what happened? Oh, hes on the student council at his school. Oh, Im so excited. Both my boys are doing big things in the world. Im so happy. Oh! [cheers and applause] And I was like, Yeah, some things are bigger than others. [laughter] Shes like, No, its all the same. I was like, You say that, but I mean, you know. Come on, you know. [laughs] Shes like, Okay, fine, fine. You were never student council. So lets cheer for him. Im like, What? It was a wonderful experience. Changed my life completely. Come into the U.S., feel like people are smiling at me more. Might just be my imagination. Cause I noticed at the airports when Ive been flying in, probably a combination of–of my job and the fact that the Ebola crisis is now past. That was probably the worst– the worst time ever is flying into America as an African during the Ebola crisis. It was the craziest thing Ive ever seen in an airport. Youd walk in, thered be tension. Theyd usher everybody into a special quarantine area. Ask you questions, questions that they dont normally ask. The number one question they always asked was, Sir, have you been in contact with Ebola? Theyd always ask, Sir, have you been in contact with Ebola? I love–I love the sincerity of the question. Like there was a chance my answer could be, Yes. And next stop, Disney World. [laughter] [laughs] Like, what kind of person do you think I am that Id still be embarking on a journey having knowingly been in contact with the most deadly disease on the planet? Like, who do you think I am that Id be there like, [coughs] I dont care! Booking.com has a zero refund policy. Im going to Disney World even if it kills me, Mickey Mouse, and everybody else. Im going! Have you been in contact with Ebola? And they always say that like Ebola was like a distant relative. I love the phrasing. Have you been in contact with Ebola? Yeah, I spoke to him last week. Hes doing well, eh. Thank you very much for asking. Ebola made flying a nightmare. One of the worst flights, I was coming from Johannesburg, South Africa, going to San Francisco. Flew and then because the distance of the flight, you have to stop over in Washington, and they change over your flight, so you go on to another plane, and then that plane takes you to San Francisco. And when we were changing planes, when we were switching over, the air hostess on the second plane tells the passengers that Africans are coming on board. Right, and so because of this, theyre gonna be spraying the cabin with a light pesticide. Right. No, I understand. Like, when people are afraid, they do stupid things. I get it. But what I didnt understand was why she told them this as we were boarding the plane. [laughter] Have the decency to speak behind our backs. Cause were walking onto the aircraft and she takes her little microphone, she goes, Ladies and gentlemen, please note we have some passengers joining us from the South African flight. Theyre coming from Africa. If everybody could please stay in their seats as these passengers find their place. Were gonna be spraying the cabin with a light pesticide due to the Ebola crisis. And feel free to cover your nose, eyes, ears, and mouth. The pesticide shouldnt be harmful, but it may be. So if everybody would just cover up, and well be coming down shortly as everybody takes their place. Thank you very much. She says this as we board the plane. This is our introduction, Ebola crisis. And were there like, Hello, hello, hello, hello. Hello, hello, hi. Do you know how hard it is to find a seat in a plane with people that think youre bringing them death? Do you know how hard it– Like, youre sitting there and everyone, you go– It almost felt like that scene from Forrest Gump. Like, as Im walking down the plane, people were like, Mnh-mnh. You cant sit here, no space. Youre just walking down trying to find your Jenny. [laughter] Finally, everyones seated. We take off, plane heads out to San Francisco. And it was by far the most tense flight I have ever been on. I coughed once. [laughter] The plane shook. It wasnt even a bad cough. It was just like a little tickle. I was just like, [coughs] The guy opposite me was like, Ebola! Ebola! I was like, Yo, dude, calm down, man. Calm down. Its just AIDS. Youre safe, buddy. Calm down. Its okay. Everyone was so stressed. The plane was tense. No one wanted food nor snacks. We finally land at the airport. The plane is taxiing to the gate, and everyone, everyone was waiting for that seat belt sign to go off. Everyone was just– Like, it was more than normal, cause already– I never understand why people are in a hurry on a plane to get out of their seat, like, cause you cant go anywhere. Whenever a plane lands, everyones just in a– Come on. Come on. Come on. You cant go–Youre gonna go there. Thats where you– You literally go there. Come on, come on. Boop! Yeah. You cant–I dont understand why people are in a hurry to go. You know whos even worse? The people at the window. You have no right to be in a hurry. Youre sitting there like, Come on, come on. Come on! Boop! Yeah. Oh, thats good. Yeah. Yeah, pass me my luggage, pass it to me now. Right now. Yeah. Im glad I didnt sit down for two more minutes. This is much more comfortable. Just stay in your seat. Just wait. Ebola made it worse, a hundred times worse, you know, cause now everyone wants to get out of the plane. Coughing, sneezing, you can feel the tension. And as were about to leave, the air hostess comes back on the P.A., and she goes, Ladies and gentlemen, back in your seats, please. Everybody back in your seats. Unfortunately, right now, we have a health and safety official that needs to come on board just to make sure that everything is A-OK, due to Ebola. Were just gonna make sure that everything is fine. So please stay in your seats, ladies and gentlemen. Again, apologies for the delay. She says this and then this man comes on, the health and safety official, right. And he has with him a list of all the African passengers and a thermometer, right, a digital laser thermometer. And he comes on and his job is to scan all the African passengers and get their temperature. And I think the way it works is, like, if youre very hot, then youve got Ebola, right. So hes got the list and he walks around, scans the passengers and gets the thing, walks down, takes their names off the list, gets the temperature, gets the names, temperature, names. Finally gets to where Im seated and does the weirdest thing. He scans the passenger opposite me, moves to my aisle, looks at me, looks at my name, looks back at me. And then he just shrugs and walks away. [laughter] Nah. [laughter] Almost as if I wasnt African enough. [laughter] Ive never felt so conflicted in my life. You know, because dont get me wrong, right. I never want anyone to think I have Ebola. [laughter] But I also dont want anyone to assume that I cant have Ebola. [laughter] You dont know me. You dont know what Im capable of. I could have all the Ebola in the world. – Im there trying to cheer myself up. Like, Chin up, Trevor. You could have Ebola. Chin up, kid, come on, come on. Come on, you could have Ebola. And he walks to the back of the plane, scans the rest of the passengers, gets to the tail, and he realizes hes now missing a name. So he looks back through the plane, cant figure out whats going on. I know its me. I know its me, but Im not gonna help him. No. He had his chance. He had a good Ebola man and he let him go. And so I watch him panic, and as he panics, the air hostess comes back down the plane. She goes, Hey, whats going on? I need to get the people out. He goes, Yeah, I know. I got a problem with the Ebola list. I cant figure out where the– where the passenger is. And shes like, Yeah, I gotta get the people out. Hes like, Look, I know. This is killing me as well, but I just gotta figure out. Shes like, Yeah, yeah, if I dont get them out, Im dead. Im dead. I gotta get the people going. Hes like, Yeah, I know. Just calm down. Just give me a second, and now– now you can feel the tension building on the plane. People start whispering, theres murmurs going around, cause some people are hearing pieces of the conversations. Like broken telephone as it goes down the plane, all theyre hearing is, Yeah, yeah, Ebola. Ebola. Killing the people. Dead, dead, everybody out of here. Dead. You can feel the tension. People start looking at each other. The guy opposite me didnt even hide it. He was like, Its you. Its you! Ebola, its you! I was like, Dude, I do not have Ebola. Stop saying that. Stop saying that. Hes like, Its you, damn it. Its you with your coughing. I was like, If you dont shut up, Ill cough on you. Ill cough on you now. He was like, What? I was like, Ill cough… [coughs] He was like, What, Ill kill you. I was like, Ill kill you first. [coughs] Aah! Everyone on the plane starts losing it. The people are going crazy. Everyone is stressed. People want to leave, and in the middle of the chaos, in the midst of all of this, Ill never forget. A Middle Eastern man maybe four rows behind me dressed in very traditional garb, he stands up and he sticks his head into the conversation being had between the air hostess and the safety official, and he goes, Excuse me. Pardon me. Sorry to interrupt. I couldnt help noticing what you are talking. I just want to say maybe you want to check. I noticed that gentleman over there was coughing little bit, and then he never liked anything [indistinct]. Yeah, I thought he was wearing a hood. Something about him, I dont know. Something just made me a little bit uncomfortable. I thought maybe you want to check. There, I said. You know–you know what they say, see something, say something, yeah. Just maybe you check there. [laughter] Im like, Really? Et tu Ahmed. [laughter] [cheers and applause] How the wheel has turned, my friend. You quickly forget there was a time when Muslims were the black people of the sky. [laughter] And yet, now you have deserted me. Cause I thought hed be on my side. I thought if anyone understood what it would be like to be stigmatized, it would be that man. You know, I thought we shared something. I thought hed look over and be like, Dont worry, brother. I got your back. Instead, he sold me down the river, threw me under the bus, like, Hey, its your turn now. Im free, bitches. [laughter] And he was. I dont blame him. He was. Cause Ebola was one of the craziest things Ive ever seen in terms of the human condition, how quickly were taught to panic. You know, one minute Ill be flying and Ill see people of Middle Eastern descent getting pulled, you know, random selections beeping through the machine. And then Ebola happened, and all of a sudden the focus shift– The focus shifted, and now it was Africans being pulled aside, Africans waiting. Middle Easterners were cruising through security. And then almost as quickly as it started, it flipped back overnight. And Ill never forget when it happened. Right after the Charlie Hebdo attack in Paris. That attack happened, and almost the next day Ebola wasnt a thing anymore. Middle Easterners were back in the spotlight. Normal service had been resumed. Cause after Charlie Hebdo, I would walk through airports and no one gave a damn. They didnt care about me, where I was from, nor the bananas in my bag. [laughter] [applause] I just–I just cruised through security. Charlie Hebdo. Terrorist attack in France. Everyone led with it. CNN, Breaking news. Terrorists have attacked Charlie Hebdo headquarters. BBC, And in breaking news, unconfirmed report says–saying 12 people have been killed by terrorists whove attacked– Everyone said they were terrorists. It was weird to me cause we didnt know that they were terrorists. We just knew that they were Middle Eastern. But immediately we went to terrorist, because if youre Middle Eastern thats a terrorist. Thats the world we live in now. Yeah, if youre Middle Eastern, terrorism is your trademark. Its so crazy how easy it is to get people to hate a group of people, cause thats what happened. Charlie Hebdo, and then everyone started saying things about Muslims. These damn Muslims. These damn–We gotta stop Islam. Thats what we gotta do. We gotta stop these Islamists. These Muslims. Now, Im not saying all Muslims are terrorists, but all terrorists are Muslims. It sounds really smart, doesnt it? Sounds really smart, but its not. Its stupid and its hate speech. Thats what it is. It really is. [cheers and applause] Terrorism is not a race, its an act. It evolved over time. Yes, right now were dealing with extremism, Islamic terror in some parts of the world. But if you go to other parts of the world and ask them what a terrorist is, theyll show you a different face. You go to England 20 years ago and you said, Whats a terrorist? Theyd show you a drunk Irishman, right. I didnt need to say drunk. I could have just said Irishman. [laughter and applause] There was a time when– when Nelson Mandela was labeled a terrorist. Like, terrorism is an act, its not a face. People say these things, Well, these Muslims, you gotta admit, theres an awful lot of them. Awful lot of them doing the same thing. Im like, Yeah, but you know whos not terrorists? Most Muslims. Yeah, most Muslims are not terrorists. Im not even Muslim, but it gets to me, because Im like most Muslim people are not terrorists. You know how you know this? Because were still alive, yeah. Theyve had ample opportunity to take us out, people. Theres a billion Muslim people on the planet. Theyve had every chance. They could have killed us using those falafels they sell us after midnight when we come out of the club. They could have wiped us all out with their killer kebabs. Theyve had the means. Its so weird to see our prejudices, you know, the way people are labeled in the media, in society. Its not just Muslim people. You see it with black people as well, you know. People saying these things like, you know, I remember when the–when the riots were happening in Baltimore. People quickly jumped, These thugs. These are a bunch of thugs running around. These thugs. You know, Im starting to think that black people like crime. Thats what Im starting to think. Is that the only way they can deal with it? Black people like crime. No, no, black people dont like crime, because you know whos not a criminal? Most black people. Yeah, most black people are not criminals. [cheers and applause] Black people hate crime just like everybody else. Its not like black people are cheering crime on. Its not like theyre watching a black guy do some shit. Like, Yeah, Darnell, you steal that shit, man. You steal that shit. Yeah! No. When black people see a black person doing a crime, theyre also looking at the person like, That n i g g e r crazy! You gotta fight the act, not the face, not a face that you put the– Its not the– Its not the same thing, and everybody has it, you know. If youre Middle Eastern and you do something, if youre a black person– black person gets shot in a bad neighborhood, the first story they always lead with– Always lead with the same thing. And today in Compton, a man was shot in what is suspected to be gang-related violence. Its always gang-related violence. It never says anything else. They were just two guys. Gang-related, probably gang-related. Why do you say that? Well, because, you know, in this area theres… hip-hop. Why is it gang-related? Its always gang– It doesnt matter who it is. Could be two kids, someone got shot, A three-year-old was shot today by a four-year-old in what is suspected to be gang-related violence. But theyre kids. Yeah, they recruit very young. It wasnt a mistake? No, its not a mistake. Its never a mistake. But if its in a rich neighborhood, the story changes, cause youll never hear them reporting the same thing about the Hamptons. And today in the Hamptons, a man was shot in what is suspected to be gang-related violence. The Burberry gang have been known to operate around these parts and recently– They never say those things. In fact, youre more likely to see the police commissioner going, A lot–Weve just conducted an investigation. We found out that a firearm was discharged earlier today and the bullet left the–the weapon… penetrating a victim, and were gonna investigate whether–whether it was misfired or– Im sorry, did you say– Did someone shoot the gun? Well, were not–were not ruling anything out right now, but–but were checking to see if there was a mechanism failure or– What about the person? Well, we–we dont think that this was intentional. We dont– So wait, we live in a world where you investigate a gun before you investigate a rich white man, is that what youre saying? No, no, no. No, that– Thats not what were saying. But I mean, you must remember, the gun is black, but thats not the point. The point is– [cheers and applause] Its so weird how our prejudices have given everyone their lane. Middle Easterner does something, theyre a terrorist. Black person does something, theyre gang-related, theyre a thug. But if a white guy walks into a church killing nine people dead, what do they lead with on the news? And today in an isolated incident a lone gunman walked into a church, opening fire and killing nine people. Its always a lone gunman, yeah. A lone gunman with no ties to society whatsoever. They always separate him as quickly as possible. I love how they do that. He kept to himself and was notoriously unfriendly. He had no friends whatsoever. No, no friends, really? No, no friends? Not even one? Not even one? [cheers and applause] No friends? I– Not even on Facebook? No, everyone has friends on Facebook, come on. Youre telling me the guy had no friends. Its almost like as the shooting happens, everyones like, What? Dillon? Unfriend, unfriend, unfriend, unfriend, unfriend, unfriend, unfriend, unfriend, unfriend. Its the weirdest thing ever. And the first thing they always go to is mental instability. Thats what they go to, the first thing. They never go with terrorism. What happened? Are we–are we saying this was terrorism? Whoa, wait. Were not gonna jump to that conclusion. This was a young man who was really mentally– He was unstable. He was a troubled young man. But he was a terrorist cause he committed a terrorist act. He walked into a building, shot a bunch of people to try to spread a message of hatred, right. He was trying to pass something. He was trying to do something. Thats an act of terror. Now, well–well, look. No, not necessarily. He was a troubled young man. Yes, and a terrorist. Yeah, but he was mentally unstable. Just like terrorists. Thats exactly what a terrorist is. Theres no normal reason to blow yourself up. That is ridiculous as shit. Youre crazy. [cheers and applause] Youre crazy, but youre still a terrorist. Its weird. Its almost like without realizing it, what theyre saying on the news is, You know, this young white man is clearly struggling with something. I mean, because why would you forgo all that privilege? Why would you– [laughter] I mean, he was a young white man. Why would you throw that all away by– I mean, if he was a minority, I get it, cause that shit sucks. But I mean, why would you throw it–He must be crazy. [laughter] This is madness. I refuse to be part of this. I refuse to live in a world who will deny white people, the moniker of terrorist. Thats racism, people, thats what that is. If a white man, through hard work and determination, commits an act of terror, he deserves to be called a terrorist. He worked for it, damn it. You dont deprive him of that because of the color of his skin. You give it to him and you put him up there. Bin Waleed and Charlie. Its terrorism. We all–we all have our prejudices, dont get me wrong. Its not like I– You know, I try to be better. I really do. I realize every now and again I do things that Im not particularly proud of, you know. Like, for instance, whenever I fly into America, if Ive been out of the country and flying back into America, I always try to fly on Middle Eastern airlines specifically. So Ill fly on Emirates or Qatar or Etihad or one of those. And the reason I do this is because I feel theres less chance… [laughter] That somebody– [laughter] [applause] That some–And this may sound a little bit racist, You have every right to be offended, you really– But I feel like theres less chance that somebody will attack one of those planes, for–for a few reasons. Number one, because theyre not proving a point. The planes already Muslim owned, Muslim run. Theyre not converting anybody. And secondly, and more importantly on my side, I think theres a small chance somebody could defuse the situation. Someone could talk them down just because they speak the same language, yeah. Thats–thats half of terror for me is the fact that you dont understand what the person says. The guys speaking Arabic. Arabic, it puts fear in the hearts of all men. [imitating Arabic] You never think good things when you hear Arabic. Yeah, we watch–we watch too many movies and TV shows. Like, you–whenever you hear Arabic, then some bad shit happens immediately. Thats always what happens. [imitating Arabic] [imitates explosion] Its never something cool or sexy. Its never like, [imitating Arabic] [whooshes] Its never that. And so it makes you think, it makes you think a certain way. I know–I know Im not any different. I was on a flight, my first Middle Eastern flight, flying on an Emirates plane, and this man emerged from the galley. He had a long beard and he was carrying a box, and he just went off, he was like, [imitating Arabic] And I was like, Aah! [screaming] [scream fades] Chicken, please. Chicken. Sorry, I– I get really excited with chicken. Im–Im sorry for that. Sorry. That, my friend, excited? You looked petrified. I said, I am, of the flavor. Chicken, wah! I love chicken. I love chicken so much. Hes like, Oh, is that the– is that the black thing? I said, Thats racist. [laughter] Its just– its just a little thing that makes me think theres a chance that if someone understands the language they may be able to talk the guy down. You–there could be. There could be a terrorist on the plane. Guy with a suicide vest. Well be flying 40,000 feet in the sky. Man jumps off, losing his head. There he is, [imitating Arabic] And just maybe, maybe some guy will be opposite him like, Hey! What are you doing? Im going to blow up this plane to show everybody that Allah is great! Yeah, but… we know this. [laughter] Everybody here knows this. So what are you doing? I wanted to show all of you the power of– What are you showing us if we already know, huh? What are you showing us? Are you saying we are not good Muslims, is that what you are saying, huh? Are you saying we do not know the power of Allah? Is that what you are saying? You are saying we are bad Muslims. What are you saying? No, my friend, please, I was not trying to offend you. I was just trying to kill you. Listen to what I wanted to show you. What are you showing me, huh? Are you saying I do not pray, is that what you are saying? Youre a better Muslim than me? You think Im not good Muslim just because Im watching Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs, is that what you think, huh? What are you saying? No, Im not saying that. I wanted to– What are you show–You show nothing. You make us look bad. Why dont you preach? Why dont you talk to people, huh? This is not Islam. What are you doing with your stupid dress? Blah blah blah, blah blah blah. You make us all look bad. No, no, I was not– No, youre not trying nothing. No, you even got your vest backward. You dont even know what you are doing here. Sorry, its my first time. I never done this before. Yeah, yes, story, story. Sit down, shut up, eat something. I dont know if I can– No, its all challah. You can eat it. Dont worry, you can eat it. You can eat it. [indistinct] Stupid. Theres a small chance that could happen. And thats why I do it. [cheers and applause] Ill do anything that makes my flying experience a little bit more comfortable. Ah, you guys are fun, man. You really are. Thank you very much for coming out. Thank you. I appreciate it. [cheers and applause] I really appreciate it. It means the world to me. And I mean that, literally, it means the world to me. Stand-up comedy changed my life forever. I dont think I would have ever had the opportunity to travel. Grew up in Soweto in South Africa. [cheers and applause] Oh, thank you. Thank you. I didnt choose it, but thank you. [laughter] I dont say it in like a– like a sob story way, you know. Cause everyone was poor in Soweto, which was cool, you know. Like, when everyones poor together, its cool. Its fine, yeah. Cause you dont feel it as much. Its not like anyone can tease you and be like, Ha ha, you are poor. Yeah, so are you. Ah, this sucks. But I would–I probably never would have traveled the world were it not for stand-up comedy, you know. Im the first person in my family to ever board an airplane. First person in my family to ever get kicked off an airplane. I would have never–I would have never learned about America. I would have never come out to places like Washington, D.C. I would have never learned to travel on the other side of the road. I would have never learned about charming racism had I not come to this beautiful country, yeah. Probably something that changed my life forever, charming racism. Classic American charming racism. [laughter] I never knew there was such a thing, growing up. And I thought I knew all about racism. I was, you know, coming from the home of some of the best racism in the world. No, and I dont mean to brag, but South Africa is, by far– Like–like weve got–weve got top quality racism out there. Like, its handcrafted. You dont get racism like that anymore. Like, Ive seen racism all over the world. To be honest, the standards have dropped. Its not what it used to be. Like, Im–Im talking about quality racism, you know. Now, its cheap and mass-produced, probably made in China now. Im talking about real racism. And America showed me, showed me a wonderful, new type. You know, Ive always considered myself a racism connoisseur. I appreciate the finer racisms in life. Not all racisms, dont get me wrong. I have my favorites. I have my not-so-favorites. You know, like, blatant racism, I love. I love blatant racism. You know exactly where you stand with the person. Its often old people that exhibit blatant racism. Yeah, they tell you exactly how they feel. This is what I think about you. And youre like, Yeah, and youre gonna die soon. I love this. We shared. Theres racisms I dont particularly care for, like subtle racism I dont like. Really dont like subtle– You know where people dont tell you theyre racists. They just leave a series of clues, hope youll figure it out for yourself. I hate that, wholl say things like, We dont need your people around here. Who? Your people. Tall people? No, damn it, your people. Friendly people? No, Im talking about your– Well, Im not gonna help you. Say it. If you believe it so much, say it. Have the balls, stand behind your convictions. Say it. Dont leave a series of clues, and now Im working this out. What is this, racism sudoku? Are you serious? Just–just say it. Be proud. But dont justify it. Rather embrace it, be blatant. Or be American and be charming. I discovered charming racism in a place called Lexington, Kentucky. [laughter] I dont know if youve ever been, but you really need to go. Its a beautiful place. Old-school charming racism with a smile and the tip of a hat. Everyone in Lexington had this vibe, this smile, the charm, the drawl– Oh, the Southern drawl, I love it so much, the way they would speak out there. The grammars horrible, but its still beautiful. Well, cause the sentences dont really make sense. Theyd be like, Yall aint never done gone see none of them out–and its like, thats–thats– Thats not English. Your autocorrect is broken. I dont know what that is, but its–but its beautiful. You know, in fact, when they speak really fast, sometimes it sounds like somebodys playing a banjo inside their mouths, thats– Thats what it sounds like to me. I asked two men for directions, and this–They started arguing. It was the most beautiful sound Ive ever heard in my life. The guy was like, Where you goin, boy? I said, Im going to the–to the theater. Can you direct me? He said, Yall get on the [indecipherable accent] road. [indecipherable accent] that way. The friend was like, No, [indecipherable accent]. [indecipherable accent]. [indecipherable accent]. It was almost– [laughter] [cheers and applause] It sounded like someone started a Mumford & Sons concert in their mouth, cause one minute they were talking and then they got into it and the guy was like, [indecipherable accent]. [indecipherable accent]. ? [indecipherable] ? [indecipherable] ? [indecipherable] [continues singsong indecipherable speech] ? [indecipherable] that way [cheers and applause] N i g g e r. [laughter] [sighs] The reason Ill never forget Lexington, though, is because I met a woman out there. A gorgeous, gorgeous woman. Ill never forget her till the day I die. She walks into the lobby of the theater where I was standing with some friends, and she was absolutely stunning. A classic Southern belle. She had long, big blond hair, giant boobs. [laughter] She strutted her stuff into the lobby, pushing people out of the way. She made her way straight for me, straight for me. Came to me, pointed me in the face, and she was like, Excuse me, baby. Excuse me, honey. May I chat to you for a moment, please? I said, Yes, of course. Hi, hi. How are you? How are you, maam? She said, Honey, I just want to let you know that you are by far the funniest and handsomest n i g g e r I done ever seen! [laughter] And I was like, What? I was so shocked. Cause isnt it most handsome, not handsomest? [laughter] Their grammar is just crazy, man. No, you guys have been too much fun. Thank you so much for coming out tonight. I had a great time with you. Thank you very much. [cheers and applause] [jazz music] ? [cheers and applause]

ANTHONY JESELNIK@THOUGHTS AND PRAYERS@2015@Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, San Francisco. Thank you so much. So good to be here. People were surprised when I told em I was gonna tape my special in San Francisco. Said, Why would you do that? Thats the most politically correct city in the world. Not when Im on stage, its not. I love this place. One of my favorite cities to perform in. Its a good place to hang out. Got to walk around a little bit today. Saw a baby. Saw a baby locked inside the back of a hot car. So its been a great day. Love that. Dont get me wrong. Im not a monster. I tried to help the baby. Tried to throw a rock through the window. Window was down. Ruined that babys whole weekend. It was worth it. I love San Francisco. One of my favorite things is how beautiful all the women are here. Yeah. Women in San Francisco are gorgeous. I say that despite whats… going on in this crowd tonight. But you guys live here. You guys live here. Youve seen em. I was in a bar last night, saw this beautiful woman. Like a supermodel. I walked up, I was like, Hey, where you from? What do you do? She goes, Oh, me? I live here in San Francisco. Im a brain surgeon. I dont know if this makes me sexist, but I was really impressed. You know? I mean… Most women… cant pull off sarcasm. This is gonna be a good show. See, that joke, that joke is a test. To see if you guys are cool or not. That thing about the baby in the car, thats just me clearing my throat. That jokes the test. If you guys laugh at that joke, whole show goes great. You dont laugh at that joke, whole show goes bad. And Ive had shows go very, very bad. Doesnt matter to me at all. Now, this next joke, this next joke is a test to see how cool you are. I, uh… I used to have a son. Already some of you see where this is going, thats good. Thats good. I used to have a little two-year-old son, but he died. The same way Eric Claptons son died. For inspiration. Im not gonna lie, this is the best that joke has ever done. You guys kinda laughed, then started talking to each other for some reason. Then started clapping, that is amazing. Most people just boo me. But if you didnt understand the joke… dont worry. Its a complicated joke, a lot of things you gotta know. That joke is like an onion. Youve gotta know who Eric Clapton is. Not a given these days. Youve gotta know about his kid. You gotta know how clumsy that little lad was. You gotta know about that terrible fucking song. And then you gotta think all thats funny. Now, I gotta get to know you guys a little bit. Starting with you for sure. I can tell youre a big comedy fan and bat-shit insane. Did you just come from the fucking dentist or what? What is your name? – Peggy Jo. – Peggy. Peggy, what do you try to do? Not a lot, Im disabled. Youre disabled? I know youre disabled. Is this your husband with you? Okay. Sir, what do you do, so I can move the fuck on. – Im an electrician. – Youre an electrician? Great. Thats an honorable job. Thats a good job to have. Im sure you shock the shit out of her on a daily basis. Electrician. Its a wonderful job. Theres a lot of bad jobs out there, Ill tell you that right now. Lot of bad jobs. Hell, my Uncle John runs a summer camp for… kids about to get molested. I know, right? I know, it sounds awful. Sounds awful, but he loves it. Hes like… Says hes never worked a day in his life. Doesnt pay much, but the benefits… Do you guys have any kids? How many? I have one, and he has two. Okay. You guys ever done that thing where you go online and see how many sex offenders live around you? Isnt it crazy? Isnt it way more than youd think? You think it might be like one or two. No, its like chicken pox. I went online, 15 child molesters. Fifteen child molesters within five miles of my apartment. So, why do we always have to meet at my place? And if youre wondering, Anthony, this is great, but are all of these jokes gonna be about hurting children? I dont know, probably. Seems like something I would do. I of course live in Los Angeles. Ive got a nice place. Obviously. My brothers been staying with me, which has been awful. My brother is crazy. Even my neighbors hate him. The other day I opened the door, I caught him masturbating. He looks me right in the eyes and goes, Shut the door. I said, Get inside. My family loves it when I put them in jokes. They love it. Anthony, please, put me in your next joke. Are you sure? Im gonna make you a pedophile. We dont care. We wanna be part of this thing youve got going on. So I wrote that joke, put my brother in. Im in Chicago, where he lives. After the show, he comes backstage and I say, Mikey, whatd you think about that new joke? Did you like the shout out? And he gets all uncomfortable. He goes, Well, crowd seemed to think it was funny… but I think its kinda weird that you got a joke where you wanna fuck me. And I said, What, Mikey? No! No, Mikey. Youre my brother. Thats a joke about you masturbating in front of my house. And he goes, Yeah, and then youre like, Get back inside.' Just in case you guys are wondering whether my brothers a fuckin idiot. Yeah, Ive got a nice place. Try to keep it nice. Not always successful. Like, I tried getting a puppy. Disaster. Had to get rid of that puppy. Had to get rid of that puppy almost immediately. The first time I left it home alone, the first time I left that puppy home alone, that damn thing tore my entire place apart, shit everywhere, and starved to death. Why are you mad? Im the one who couldnt get his money back. And this is traditionally where crowds really start to turn on me. After I kill a puppy with neglect. And its okay. Its okay, you can get mad at me. You can hate me. You can hate me and still laugh at me. Thats how talented I am. And Im used to it. Im used to it. I once dated a girl who punched me in the face as hard as she could. Once dated a girl, punched me right in the face as hard as she could. I didnt do anything about it. I didnt say anything about it. I just turned around and left the room. But in my head, in my head, all I was thinking was… Now were even. She was so mad. She got mad at me. She got mad at me cause I killed all of her plants. Killed every single one of her house plants. And she had told me. She said, Anthony, Im going out of town for two weeks. Give each one of these half a cup of water every other day. But Im a dude. All I heard was two weeks and cheat on me. Like my neighbors in L.A… My neighbors in L.A. have got this smokin hot 18-year-old daughter. I mean, shes perfect. But she just got a tattoo of a butterfly over her chest. Which is horrible. Doesnt she understand how dumb thats gonna look some day, all stretched out over my lamp? Yeah, thats a joke. Thats a joke where Im a serial killer. Im very open about it. Dont you dare tighten up on me. I hate sensitivity. I hate it. Even when little kids get sensitive, that makes me mad. I got a six-year-old nephew. I asked what he wants for his birthday. He said, Uncle Anthony, I want you to get me a Barbie doll. I said, Fuck you. You six-year-old piece of shit. And dont get me wrong. Dont get me wrong, I dont care if he plays with dolls. He can wear dresses if he wants to. But Im not getting him a Barbie doll. You see, Barbie dolls give little boys unrealistic expectations… …of how easy its gonna be to tear off a head. I wont do it. I get really mad when people get sensitive about comedy. If youre sensitive about comedy, its the dumbest thing you can do. I call them the joke police. They always have one rule, one rule they have. You cant make fun of this right now. After a couple years, they move on to something else, which is why its so hypocritical. Like the thing today, the thing right now you cant make fun of, the thing thats too sensitive at this moment? Trans-gendered people. See? You cant do it. Cant make fun of them. Its too sensitive. In fact, you cant even call them chicks with dicks anymore. No. No. You have to call them men who talk too much. Right? But I hear this all the time. Peoplell be like, Anthony, that was really funny. But, man, women must hate you. Women must come to your shows and hate the shit out of you. And I always say, No. No. Stupid women hate my shows. Stupid women hate my shows. Smart women… dont come to my shows. Speaking of which, whats your name? – What? Kim. – Kim. – Kim, where you from? – San Jose. San Jose? Okay. What do you do, Kim? Um, Im a branch manager. – Like for a bank? For a Pizza Hut? – No, for… What? What the fuck? Whered you go to school? – UC Santa Cruz. – Whatd you study? – Economics. – Economics? Okay. You ever gonna use that someday? I had to go to Catholic school when I was a kid. Hated Catholic school. Hated Catholic school more than anything. The nuns were vicious. They would hit me with a ruler, slap me in the face. Anything to defend themselves. You guys loved the shit out of that one, huh? Hated school. When I was in the fifth grade, one of my classmates got cancer. Came down with the cancer. Which was sad. But the story is actually cool and inspiring. Every single guy… Every single guy in the school, we all… shaved our heads to make fun of him. Yeah. No, it was great. It was great, we did it for like a month. We would have kept doin it, but you know. You know how cancer gets. You guys ever… You guys ever trace back your family history? Go back a couple generations in your family tree, find out embarrassing shit you wish you didnt know? I traced my family tree back, found that I actually had family fighting on both sides in World War II. Humiliating. The piece-of-shit side of my family fought for the Nazi infantry in Germany, while the bad-ass Jeselniks were here in America spying for the Germans. I assume everyone is drinking tonight? – Yeah! – Yeah! Whoo! Thats good. I love to drink. Love it. Do it all the time, every day, always have. I dont know where it comes from either. Even my parents tell me, when I was just a little baby, I used to climb out of my crib every morning, and then crawl over to the liquor cabinet… to try to spend time with them. I like San Francisco, so liberal. So liberal. Clap your hands here. Clap your hands if you own a gun. San Jose is in the house, huh? Not too bad. I once asked the crowd in Houston that question. They just started firing guns in the air. Didnt even let me finish the question. I dont own a gun. Im against guns, to be honest. When I was a kid… When I was a kid, my parents had a gun. My parents said we had to have a gun. Gotta have a gun to protect the five children. Gotta have a gun to protect our five children. Of course, they eventually got rid of it… to protect their four children. Im not gonna lie, it was fun while it lasted. I was getting pretty good towards the end. Man, my parents were strict. Mom and dad were strict. My mom and dad once made me smoke an entire pack of cigarettes. An entire pack of cigarettes in one sitting. Just to teach me an important lesson about brand loyalty. I learned a lot from my parents. Especially my dad. Like, Ill never forget… the first time I ever got a bad report card in school. First time I got a bad report card, I brought it home, I gave it to my dad and my dad beat me. Beat the hell out of me. But I learned something. Because the next time I got a bad report card in school, I brought it home and I gave it to my mom. Let her take the hit. Yeah. My dad was a hard-ass. One of those guys who believed that men just learn by doing things. You know? You dont take classes. You dont read the instructions. You just do it and figure it out. Like, when I was a kid, I never got to take swimming lessons. No, my dad would pick me up and throw me in the water to teach himself CPR. As a kid, my dads prized possession, my dads favorite thing in the world growing up? My dad was the proud owner of a Mickey Mantle rookie card. Mickey Mantle rookie baseball card, mint condition. Kept it between two little pieces of plastic. But I was a kid. I didnt know any better. One day I took that card to school and I traded it to a classmate for a candy bar. You know what that card is worth today? My relationship with my father. I mean it, my dad was no joke. My dad did not fuck around. My dad did not trust anybody. My dad did not trust anyone. In fact, he had a saying… but he wouldnt tell me. What, too clever for you? That joke is fuckin amazing. Last year was a sad year for my family. Last year, my mom shouldve been celebrating her 60th birthday. But because of drugs, alcohol and other terrible decisions, we all forgot. It was sad. When I was a kid, I used to fantasize about getting older, growing up and having money, and buying my mom nice things for her birthday. When I was a kid, we were poor. So poor I remember, just so I could go to my senior prom, just so I could go to my senior prom, I had to sell my U.S. passport on the street. Sold my passport on the street for 300 bucks to get to go to my prom. Of course this was before 9/11 so… my bad, everybody. Weird joke to clap for, but sure. My mom actually shouldve been on one of the planes that crashed on 9/11. I think. I mean, dont get me wrong, I loved my mother. She was my mom, of course I loved her. We fought a lot. My mom could be very racist. Very racist. And I do not tolerate racism. Thats ignorance and I hate that. When I was a kid, like nine years old, Id come home after school. Once in a while, Id bring a friend over to play with me at my house. Once in a while, Id bring a black friend over. And when I did that, my mom would act weird. Shed pull me aside and say, Anthony, whos your new friend? Is he a drug dealer? And I would say, Shut up, Mom, thats racist. Put your money away. I never get to see my family anymore, really. Most of them are in jail, to be honest. And we never talk, write letters or any of that shit. Cause theyre all in jail for the exact same thing. My testimony. You. – Whats your name? – Melissa. – Melissa, where you from? – Santa Clara. – What do you do? – I win things on the radio. – You win things on the radio? – Yeah. Follow-up question, howd you get tickets to this? Let me ask you this. You ever, uh… you ever find a body in the woods? Ever do that? No? Its okay. I have. I was walking through the woods one day and… some poor bastard had stepped in a bear trap or something. I never told anybody about it. But I went back there a week later, and he was dead. Yeah. I do crazy shit like that all the time. What can I say? Im wacky. The other night I was driving my car. I was driving my car and I ran over a deer… a dear, dear friend. Im torn constantly. At night, I do shows, but during the day, Ive got a hobby. During the day, I go from town to town… and I shut down the local abortion clinic. You heard me. I shut down abortion clinics everywhere I go. Its easy for me. Im charming. I stand outside the front doors all day long and… consistently underbid them. You guys mad about that one? Its gonna get so much fuckin worse. Gotta talk to one more person. You, sir. Whats your name? – Allan. – Allan, where you from? – Frisco. – Frisco. I can tell youre a local cause of how cool you are. What do you do, Frisco? – I fight fires. I fight fires. – You what? Youre a firefighter? Awesome. What do you wanna do? If you could do anything. If you could do any job in the world, what would your dream job be? – Travel the world. – Travel the world. Its good to have a dream. I hope you go for it. It doesnt sound like youre even gonna get close. I think you should do it. Travel the world. Do it. Everyone should try to live their dream, thats my point. Everyone. I get to live my dream. I mean, not when Im in San Francisco, but for the most part. Being a comedian was my dream. Cause no one can tell me what to do. Thats all I cared about. Most people dont ever try to live their dream. Lot of people try and they fail. Which I think is better, more noble, more respectable. I had an uncle. All he ever dreamed about, cared about, talked about… wanted to become an astronaut. Fly into space one day. And he went for it. He went for it. And he failed. He blew it. Ended up becoming one of those pussies… …on the Space Shuttle Challenger. You guys remember that, right? I think its funny. I think its funny how the things that happen to us when were kids end up staying with us for our entire lives. I got this little niece. When she was three years old, she almost drowned. And now to this day, even ten years later, she still will not go anywhere near me. Yeah, I was babysitting her… and trying to do laundry. And she accidentally fell into the washing machine. Thought I was quick. I got good reflexes. I thought I got her out before anyone would find out what happened, but nope. Turned everything pink. Youre gonna find out a lot about yourselves on this next one. Hey, did you guys know… Did you guys know that when a newborn baby… when a newborn baby is first born, when its fresh out of the womb… it can actually hear and see everything around it… for up to ten seconds after its decapitated? Yeah. Yeah. I never know what to say. I never know what to say to someone after theyve lost a baby. What do you say to someone after theyve lost a baby? Oh, Im sorry for your loss? Doesnt cut it. Are you gonna be okay? Not even close. Thats why I just keep my mouth shut. Let my lawyer do the talking. Im not good with kids. Thats my point. Thats what this whole things about. Im not good with kids. Not gonna lie. Hell, a couple of months ago, I dropped my cousins baby. Flat-out dropped my cousins baby on the ground. But I dont feel like that was my fault. I dont feel responsible for that one, you know? Who in their right mind… who the hell in their right mind would ever ask me, Anthony Jeselnik, to be a pallbearer? Its okay, people hate… people hate dead baby jokes. They hate them. They hate them. Its like, Anthony, why do you have to tell dead baby jokes? Why do you have so many dead baby jokes? No one likes them, why do you insist? Well, Ill tell you why. Because dead baby jokes have made me rich. And who was it? Who was it who said the first million is the hardest? Was it Hitler? Didnt see that one coming, did you? That was a good response. Most audiences just pretend I didnt say it. But I like it. I like making Hitler jokes. Its cool for me. I enjoy it. Hell, I lost my grandfather. I lost my grandfather in the Holocaust Museum. It was the Holocaust Museum of Modern Art. Which is just like a normal Holocaust museum, except you walk around all day being like, Oh! I should have thought of that. My grandmother died about a year ago. And I didnt think anything could ever be worse than when my grandmother passed away. But I was wrong. It was fine. The hard part, the upsetting part… was that we thought she died in the way that she wanted. She wanted to die in the best way possible, like uh… You, radio winner. Whats the best way you can die? This is not a trick question. – In your sleep? – Yes, thank you. Thank you, everybody wants to die peacefully in their sleep. Not me. I want to be alert, awake, surrounded by friends, in a house fire. But my grandmother wanted to go peacefully in her sleep. We thought thats how she went. We were all excited for her. But then we did an autopsy. Found out she actually died horribly, in the worst way possible. During an autopsy. It was fucked up. Yeah. Yeah. She always said her grandkids didnt pay enough attention to her and… and she was right. She was dead on. But I loved my grandma. Loved her very much. My grandma taught me about a lot. Taught me what religion is. Taught me everything you can know about religion, in one quick story. Ill tell you now. When I graduated from high school… When I graduated, my grandma came to me, gave me a big hug, said, Anthony, Im so proud of you. Youre my first grandchild to get to go to college. What can I do for you, what can I give you before you go to college? And I said, Honestly, Grandma, all I need from you is money. Yeah, I know you guys have never been, but college is expensive. And my grandma said, Okay, Anthony, I understand. Couple months go by. Its the end of summer. Im packing up my dads car, getting ready to go to school, and my grandma walks up. Says, Anthony, here, before you leave, take this. And she handed me a brand-new Bible. King James Version. And I said, Thanks, Grandma, thats exactly what we talked about. I got in the car and I went off to school. Couple of weeks go by, Im hanging out in my dorm room, having a good time, when the phone rings. Its my grandma. Anthony, just calling to see how college is going. Grandma, college is the best. Im having the time of my life. But to be honest, Im starting to run low on money, and I could use a little bit, like we talked about. She said, Okay, well let me ask you this: Have you been reading your Bible? And I said, Totally, Grandma, Im on chapter four. She said, Okay, Anthony, I guess Ill talk to you later. Hung up the phone. Couple of months go by. Now Im really starting to struggle financially. Might have to drop out of school, so I call my grandma in a panic. I say, Please, its Anthony. Im having the time of my life in college. But if I wanna graduate, and I do, I need you to send me some money like we talked about. She said, Anthony, let me ask you this: Have you been reading your Bible? And I said, Yes, Grandma! I wish it was longer! And she said, Okay, Anthony. I guess Ill talk to you later. Finally, its the end of the school year. Ive got straight As, but Im dropping out of college, cause I have no more money left. And Im furious, close to tears, cleaning out my dorm room, when the phone rings. Its my grandma. Anthony, I heard youre dropping out of school today. How come? And I said, You know goddamn well how come, Grandma! Cause you wouldnt give me any money. She said, Anthony, let me ask you this: Did you read your Bible? And I just hung up the phone. I was so pissed off. Took everything out of that room. Last thing I took off the shelf, the last thing I took out of that room, was that Bible my grandma had given me. Took it off the shelf, held it in my hands, and for the first time, I actually opened it up. And on the very first page, in my grandmothers handwriting, it said, Fuck you. Thank you everyone. I hope you enjoyed the jokes I prepared for you tonight. And all the jokes I write, theyre all made up, theyre all fake, except for Eric Clapton and the Challenger. Everything else… everything else is fake. But everything Im about to tell you, from here until the end of the show, thats all true. Now… I dont tell dark jokes because Im a comedian. Im a comedian because I tell dark jokes. Im kind of fucked up, all right? Ive always been this way. I cant really help myself. It gets me into trouble a lot. I lose friends. Its ruined relationships with people in my family. For instance, my grandmother actually did pass away, about six months ago. I did love her very much. She was a big fan of mine. And I was asked to speak at her funeral, which was a horrible mistake. Horrible mistake. No one should ever ask me to speak at anyones funeral. I asked a friend for advice. Was like, Ive never talked to a group of people without getting paid a lot of money. How should I handle this? Anthony, just go up there and tell a story. Find one moment about you and your grandma you can share with everybody. And dont tell a joke. Try not to. So I walked up and was like, You know what my favorite memory was? When I was like four years old, before I learned to read, Grandma would curl up with me on the couch, she had this Southern accent, and she would read to me. She would read Mark Twain to me, and I loved it. Like… Mark Twain out of my grandmas mouth, it would just come to life. And then I couldnt help myself. I said, And I know my grandma loved it too, because it combined her two favorite things: spending time with her grandchildren, and using the N word. Now I promise you… I promise you… until youve heard your grandfather gasp at his own wifes funeral… …at a Methodist Church in Vicksburg, Mississippi… you are not a real comedian. I am a real comedian. I am a pure comedian. I think Im one of the best comedians of all time. But heres the thing. It doesnt matter if you believe me. It really doesnt matter. The important thing is that I would pass a lie detector test. I like to test myself. I like to test myself by joking about horrible things and nothing but. One of my favorite ways to test myself, I like to joke about tragedies the day that they happen. The day they happen. I dont believe in too soon. Im on a tight schedule. And Im good at it. Im good at it. Like, the day of… the day of the Aurora, Colorado Batman movie theater shooting. The day it happened, I went online, I went on Twitter, and I tweeted Other than that, how was the movie? Right? Right? Nailed it. Nailed it. And the reason I get away with that… the reason I get away with stuff like that is Im just the guy who does it. People are used to it from me. It would be weird if I didnt make a joke the day of a tragedy. Which is why I was very surprised when I got in a lot of trouble the day of the Boston Marathon. Now, I dont follow the news regularly. But I know the second a tragedy happens because I get 25 text messages saying, Dont do it. And whenever I see that… whenever I see that, it makes me sad. It makes me sad cause I know something horrible has happened. People will say, Anthony, whats funny about Aurora? Whats funny about the Boston Marathon? Whats funny about your grandmothers funeral? Nothing! Nothing is funny about those things. Thats where I come in. So I see these texts and Im like, Oh, no, what happened? But I also think, Ive got a job to do. So I go online, I start reading about it. I dont want to watch the footage. But Ill read about what happened. And I think, How can I make someone laugh today? And then I think, I got it. I go back on Twitter. And I tweet, Guys, today, there are just some lines that should not be crossed. Especially the finish line. And again, I think, Nailed it. U.S.A.! U.S.A.! But then my phone starts to ring. And its my boss. Or should I say my former boss. And they say, Anthony, this is unacceptable. You are not just a comedian today. Youre also the host of your own TV show, with your name in the title, on our network. You take this joke down right now or youre fired. And I say, Go fuck yourselves. And I meant it. I didnt get into comedy for money or fame. I know that sounds wrong, because Im dripping with both. I only got into this business so that no one could tell me what to do. And they said… Sure. They said, Well, Anthony, you dont understand. You dont understand at all. If you dont take this joke down right now, if you dont delete this joke right now, not only are you fired, but the entire cast and crew of your television show, about a hundred people, theyre also out of a job. And Im ashamed to tell you this. Im embarrassed to admit it. But in that moment, I folded, and I deleted the joke. Cause Im happy to fight for what I believe in. Im happy to take the consequences for what Ive done. But what I could not do, cannot do, is walk up to my cameraman and say, Hey, buddy, no work for you on Monday. I had this sweet tweet. Couldnt do it. But as soon as I hit delete, I got mad and I regretted it. I would fire every single one of those fucking assholes now, Ill tell ya that. And I got mad for betraying myself and everything I believe in. Im just as mad today as I was then. Just as mad. So mad, I had to have a meeting with the network, where they called me in for a little lecture. Theyre like, Anthony, were family. Why are you so upset? Cant you see we did you a favor? Dont you worry about your career? Let me ask you, San Francisco, do I seem like I worry about my career? No. You know why people who win the lottery always end up going bankrupt? Because if theyre worried about their money, they wouldnt have played the lottery in the first fuckin place. I do not worry about my career. And they said, Anthony, the problem is when you make a joke on Twitter the day of a tragedy, it seems like youre making fun of the victims, and thats wrong. But thats not what Im doing. Because, you see, the day of a tragedy, victims are not on Twitter. Am I wrong? Tell me Im wrong. The day of a tragedy, victims have got victim shit to do. No one is ever… No one is ever putting on a tourniquet, asking, Hey, are we trending? No. This is who Im making fun of when I make a joke on Twitter the day of a tragedy. The people who see something horrible happen in the world and they run to the Internet. And they run to their social media, Facebook, Twitter, whatever they got. And they all write down the exact same thing: My thoughts and prayers… My thoughts and prayers with the people in Aurora. My thoughts and prayers with the families in Boston. Do you know what thats worth? Fucking nothing. Fucking less than nothing. Less than nothing. You are not giving any of your time, your money or even your compassion. All you are doing, all you are doing, is saying, Dont forget about me today. Dont forget about me. Lots of crazy distractions in the news, but dont forget how sad I am. Those people are worthless and they deserve to be made fun of. Theyre like a wedding photographer who only takes selfies. You understand? Now Im sure everyone here has told a joke before where nobody laughed at it. Its fine. Its embarrassing, but its fun. You can laugh at yourself. Its not a reason to stop telling jokes. Maybe some of you have told a joke before where someone got mad at you for it. Trust me, thats fun too. You guys ever tell a joke and then get death threats? Well, I guess thats what makes me me. On my television show, I once did a segment that aired once and only once, before it was banned, called Shark Party. All right? Now… Some of you enjoyed it, but if youve never seen Shark Party, you can never see Shark Party. Its been wiped off the face of the earth by the powers that be, so I will explain it to you. I love sharks. I love sharks more than anything. People… People I can barely fucking tolerate. Every single year, 100 million sharks are killed by human beings. Every year, 20, 25 people killed by sharks? So when I hear about a shark attack, Im like, Fuck, yeah. Win one for the home team. So as soon as I get this show where I can do what I want, I say, You know what? I want to have a shark party. As soon as theres a shark attack, were having a shark party. And I get lucky. About a month into my run, this guy from New Zealand gets eaten by a great white, the champagne of sharks. And I know exactly what to do. Ive already got the script written. I walk on stage, in front of the cameras. I say, Ladies and gentlemen, this guy from New Zealand has been eaten by a great white shark. Its time for a shark party. Lights go down, music comes up. Six women wearing shark dresses come out on either side of me, and we all start dancing. For way too long. A stripper wearing a giant shark head runs out and gives me a lap dance. Very tasteful. And then I stand up and we show a giant picture of the guy who got eaten. Which, in retrospect, is where it all went wrong. But I get to say my favorite thing Ive ever said on television: Smile, you son of a bitch. Shark party. And in America, where Im famous for those types of shenanigans… everybody was like, Anthony, that was fucked up. It was fucked up to see you dance. End of controversy. However, in New Zealand, where they dont get my show, theyve never seen me, and frankly, they dont get out much… the New Zealand media takes the video… and they show it to the guys family. And they say, What do you guys think about this? And they say, Crikey, or whatever the fuck they say over there. The point is, all of New Zealand, all of New Zealand rises up against me. All 45 of those cunts rise up. And start threatening my life. Now, I dont read the things that people write about me on the Internet. But I pay people who do. And they come to me, and theyre like, Weve got some terrible news. Please sit down. They say, You are getting a lot of death threats online from New Zealand because of Shark Party.' And I was like, Really? New Zealand wants to kill me? Thats weird because they didnt even kill the shark. I said, How many death threats am I getting? And they were like Oh, all of them. You are getting all of the death threats. What do you want us to do? We can send someone to talk to them. Extra security? What do you want? I said, No, forget about it. Leave it alone, dont worry. This might be hard for some to understand. Ive said it several times tonight. Everyone is going to die. I know full well I am going to die. And most of us dont get to choose how we check out. But if I die because someone murders me over one of my jokes? Best case scenario. If somebody murders me over one of my jokes, I immediately become a legend. Im a comedy God. The Mount Rushmore of comedy is me, four times. I said, Come on then. My security guys are like, Okay, Anthony, well, just so you know, that is the dumbest thing weve ever heard. But youre the boss. Okay. And they leave. And then the next day they come back. And they say Anthony, sorry to bother you again. I know you didnt care yesterday, but its gotten much worse. Youre gonna wanna hear this. They say, Someone from New Zealand tracked down your mom and dads phone number and address in Pittsburgh, posted that online… and now your entire family is getting death threats from New Zealand. And I have to admit, that had never occurred to me before. It never crossed my mind… that my family, my loved ones, would ever pay the price, be caught in harms way, for something Ive done or Ive joked about. And honestly, I would cut my throat for my jokes. I would give my life for what I do. But if anyone, and I mean this for a fact, if anyone ever hurt my family or killed someone I cared about because of a joke Ive made? Even better.

JOHN MULANEY@THE COMEBACK KID@2015@ All right, Petunia. Wish me luck out there. You will die on August 7th, 2037. Thats pretty good. All right. Hello. Hello, Chicago. Nice to see you again. Thank you. That was very nice. Thank you. Look, now, youre a wonderful crowd, but I need you to keep your energy up the entire show, okay? Because… No, no, no. Thank you. Some crowds… some crowds, they have big energy in the beginning and then they run out of places to go. So… I dont judge those crowds, by the way, okay? Weve all gone too big too fast and then run out of room. Weve all made a Happy Birthday sign… Wait. You get that poster board up, and youre like, I dont need to trace it. I know how big letters should be. To begin with, a big-ass H. Followed by a big-ass A and… Oh, no! Oh, God! Okay, all right. Real skinny P with a high hump, and then well put the second P below the hump of that first P, sort of like a motorcycle sidecar situation. And now I have no room for the Y, so Ill do a kind of curled-up noodle Y. Block letters and cursive look good together. And then you go to write Birthday and you totally forget the lesson you just learned with Happy. Youre like, Yeah, but the past is the past. Big-ass B. Surely more letters will fit in the same space. Youre very friendly here in Chicago. I mean, were all violent here, but youre very friendly. No, really. And I dont like confrontation, cause Ive never been in a fight before. Though, maybe you could tell that from the first moment I walked out on stage. I dont give off that vibe. Some people give off a vibe of… Right away, theyre like, Do not fuck with me. My vibe is more like, Hey, you could pour soup in my lap and Ill probably apologize to you. When I walk, for real, my feet go out like this. Im so open and vulnerable. I look like a doll that you point out molestation on. Show us on this white comedian where the man touched you. Its been a while since Ive been home to Chicago. I got married since then. Thank you. I married my wife. I love saying my wife. It sounds so adult. Thats my wife. Its great, you sound like a person. I said it even before we were married. We were just dating, and we were once getting on an airplane, and Annas ticket didnt say anything and my ticket said priority access. It doesnt matter why. But we were getting on and I said, Uh, can my wife board with me? And they were like, Yes, of course. Right this way. And I was like, Oh, that is so much better than all those times I was like, Can my girlfriend come?' And, yeah, I shouldnt have said it that way, but still. My wife just has some kick-ass to it, you know? Get away from my wife! No one talk to my wife! Marriage is gonna be very magical. I didnt kill my wife! Thats like, Ooh, whos that fella? I bet he did kill his wife. Being married is so nice. I never knew relationships were supposed to make you feel better about yourself. Thats not really a joke, thats just a little sweet thing I like to say. Cause Id been in relationships where I got cheated on, like, long ones. I dont know if youve ever been in a long relationship where you got cheated on, but it changes your whole worldview. Cause when I was a kid, I used to watch Americas Most Wanted. You know how kids do. And I would always think to myself, How could another person kill someone? How could a human being kill another human being? And then I got cheated on, and I was like, Oh, okay. Im not gonna do it, but I totally get it. And I dont mean in that way of, like, No one else can have you. I dont care about that. Its just creepy to have an ex out there after things have ended badly. They have a lot of information. Anyone whos seen my dick and met my parents needs to die. I cant have them roaming around. I talked to a lot of people before I got engaged, you know. And I heard this expression about whether or not you should get married. This is an old expression. People say this. They say, Why buy the cow when you can get the milk for free? You ever heard that before? Its a bananas insulting expression… to an entire gender. But also, it makes no sense. Why buy the cow when you can get the milk for free? Youre not allowed to milk a cow that you dont own. Thats not even a situation. Was that a problem at one point? Like, in the dairy community? Was that happening a hundred years ago in some village? Some Dutch prick was sneaking in at night being like, Ah-ha-ha, I take your milk. And the farmer was like, Well, then, this is your cow now. And he was like, No, no proof of purchase. And he ran off into the night. That sounded Dutch, right? You know what that… you know what that expression means? It means, Why would you marry a woman if shes already having sex with you? Which has nothing to do with what relationships are even like anymore. Now, its like, Why buy the cow? Uh, maybe because, every day, the cow asks you when youre gonna buy it. And… … you live in a really small apartment with the cow, so you cant avoid that question at all. And also, the cow is way better at arguing than you are. And the cow grew up in a family that knows how to argue. Why buy the cow? Uh, maybe because every time another cow gets bought, you have to go to the sale and you have to sit next to your cow at the sale, and your cow looks over at you the entire time like… And does not enjoy the sale at all… even though shes the one that wanted to go to the sale. And shes especially mad because that farmer and cow met, like, eight months after you guys met. Why buy the cow? Well, lets be real here. Youre very lucky to have the cow that you do have. Roping in cows and getting milk out of them was never anything you were known for, John. By the most liberal of estimates, there have been about eight cows total, several unmilked, and… a lot of people think that you like bulls, and if you just bought… They assume it. When you search your name, the third thing to come up is like, John Mulaney bull? And if you just bought the cow, nobody would say that anymore. Theyll still say it. Cause there are those guys who, they buy a cow, and then on the side, total matador, but… But, for real, Chicago, why buy the cow? Lets be real. Why buy the cow? Because you love her. You really do. And, yeah, yeah… Sure, shes a bossy little Jew, but… … she takes care of you. And you dont wanna be some old man stumbling around, like, Hey, you seen any loose milk? My wife is Jewish. Shes a New York Jew. I did it! Now, I was raised Catholic. I dont know if you can tell that from the everything about me. My wife is Jewish, I grew up Catholic, so we got married by a friend. Being married by a friend is a beautiful ceremony that alienates both families religions, while confusing the elderly people at the wedding. Whats the name of the bishop? Thats actually stand-up comedian Dan Levy. He was the host of MTVs Your Face or Mine? I saw a lot of Catholic weddings, though, because I was an altar boy… And a hush falls over the room. Isnt it weird how that became a scandalous thing? That was just some boring shit I had to do on weekends. But now, its like saying, I was a French maid for a period of time. I was treated well in my day. I worked for a variety of sirs. No, being an altar boy was just a boring gig, you know? Youd serve Mass and then youd serve weddings sometimes. My brother was once an altar boy at a wedding, and he was standing there with another altar boy in this big, packed church in Chicago where we grew up. And the bride was coming down the aisle, and the organ was playing, and all the pews were filled, and the bride got all the way to the altar, and the groom lifted the veil off of the bride, and right at that moment the other altar boy said, Aw, shes ugly. And then they looked, and they were right next to the video camera. And I know thats awful, but wouldnt you give a million dollars to see that wedding video? It was the best moment of this stupid womans life, and shes walking down the aisle, and the organs like… And she gets all the way to the altar to her betrothed, and he unveils her to the world and to the eyes of God. And right at that second, for no reason at all, some Cheeto-fingered, rat-mustached, 13-year-old prick decides to go, Aw, shes ugly! Hopefully the videographer knew some sound editing so he could fix it to be like, Aw, shes beautiful. Shes enchanting. I grew up Catholic. I dont go to church anymore. But I went on Christmas Eve with my parents, cause you know how you lie to your parents. So… we go into the church and I was like, I got this under control. And then I got schooled because they introduced a bunch of new shit. No, I was going through Mass and I was batting, like, .400. And then in the middle of Mass, the priest said, Peace be with you. And everyone said, And with your spirit. And I was the one pre-Y2K asshole going, And also with you. What? Huh? What? Huh? What? When? When? For those of you that arent Catholic, I dont mean to exclude you, even though we love to exclude you, but… Theres a part in church where the priest says, Peace be with you. And for many, many years, we all said… – And also with you. – Very good. But they changed it to And with your spirit. Because thats what needed revamping in the Catholic Church. That was the squeaky wheel that needed the grease. In Rome, they were like, Lets see. What problems can we solve? Problem one. No. Im actually glad they changed that, though. I never liked And also with you. I always found that clunky. And also with you. Thats not how you talk. – Have a nice day. – And also you having one. Its just a little bit wrong, isnt it? Its just a little off. Like, when someones like, How are you? And youre like, Nothing much. And it sort of makes sense. Never begin a sentence with And also. You just immediately sound caught off-guard. It sounds like if at the first church ever, like, they werent expecting it. Like, the priest was like, Hey, this is the first time weve ever had church. I just wanna say, Peace be with you.' And they were like… What? Oh. Uh, yeah. And also you should have some. Hey, thats good. Lets keep that for 2,000 years. And then change it to trick John. My wife and I dont have any children, we have a dog. We have a little puppy named Petunia. Shes a tiny little French bulldog puppy. I like having a puppy thats a bulldog, cause its like having a baby that is also a grandma. Her body is young, her face is as old as time. She definitely saw the Nazis march into Paris. She always gives me this look of like, Oh, the things I have seen, you cocksucker. You have no idea. The Gestapo threw my printing press into a river. But, go, tell your fucking jokes. Bring me my dish. She said that. Petunia… Petunia is my best friend in the world. I give her a million kisses a day. She does not like me, and barks at me and bites me all day long. We had to get a dog trainer into the apartment because Petunia is a bad dog. We tell her that every day. We go, Hey, youre bad at being a dog. So, the trainer came into the apartment. Sorry, didnt even walk into the apartment, walked into the threshold and went, Oh, okay. Like she was an exorcist or something. She said, I see what the problem is. She said, Petunia has become the alpha of the house. And then she pointed at me, she said, You are no longer the alpha of the house. And in the back of my head, I was like, I was never the alpha of the house. I turned to my wife, I was like, Lets pretend. Itll be fun. Yes… My title of alpha, which I once had, how can I reclaim it? Because that was a thing that existed at one time. She said, You need to show dominance over your puppy. These are things people say to me. I said, How do I do that? She said, Well, let me ask you this. Who eats dinner first, you or Petunia? I was like, Petunia eats dinner first. She eats dinner at 5:00 p.m., cause shes a foot long and two years old. She said, No, you need to eat dinner first. Because the king eats before anyone else eats. Oh, yes, and what a mighty king I will be, eating dinner at 4:45 in the afternoon. Look upon your sovereign, Petunia, and tremble. My lands stretch across this entire one bedroom, and I eat dinner whenever I choose, as long as it works for the schedule of a dog. She said, Now, you dont actually have to eat dinner before Petunia. You just have to convince Petunia that youve already eaten. So… for the past month, I shit you not… before my wife and I give Petunia her dish, we take down empty bowls and spoons, and in front of her, we go, Mmm, dinner. Mmm, good dinner. Like were space aliens in a play about human beings that they wrote, but they didnt work that hard on. Mmm, were eating dinner. Meanwhile, Petunias just staring at us with her Paul Giamatti face, like… Youre not eating dinner, cocksucker. Dish, now. I have a wife and a dog, and we just bought a house. We have a new house. It was built in the 20s, but it was flipped in 2014. Which means its haunted, but it has a lovely kitchen backsplash. Actually, we didnt buy a house. A bank bought a house, and Im allowed to keep my shirts and pants there while I pay it off for 30 years. The woman from the bank came over and she showed me my mortgage broken down month by month for 30 years. And she said, So, for instance, this is what youll pay in July of 2029. And I burst out laughing. I was like, 2029? Thats not a real year. By 2029, Ill be drinking moon juice with President Jonathan Taylor Thomas. Im not gonna be writing you a paper check. I like having a house, but I loved looking for a house, cause I love real estate agents. I mean, they are the true heroes. They really are. Have you ever watched HGTV? Real estate agents have to deal with the dumbest people in the world making the biggest decisions of their lives. Every episode of HGTV is like, Craig and Stacia are looking for a two-story A-frame thats near Craigs job in the downtown, but also satisfies Stacias need to be near the beach which is nowhere near Craigs job. With three children and nine on the way, and a max budget of $7… lets see what Lori Jo can do on this weeks episode of You Dont Deserve A Beach House. I loved our real estate agent. It was so fun to hang out with her. It was like hanging out with my mom. Cause, you know, real estate agents always look like your mom. And they have various Chicos accoutrements. They always have kind of fun mom energy. And theyre always, So excited to see you two. We would have little conferences before we walked into a house. Shed go, Lets talk. Lets talk before we go in. Were, like, two feet from the door. So, theres no toilets. And I know that was on your list. But I think I can get him to budge. Lets go. So, wed have a real estate agent, and then, like, the house would have a real estate agent whos just some guy sitting in a big chair. And these two always hated each other. Theyd be like, Hi, Tony. Hi, Kim. Its like, Jesus Christ! What, were you two in the Eagles together? What is the animosity about? Our real estate agent wanted us to have a baby more than anyone else in our lives, more than anyone in our family. She hinted about it constantly. Every room she walked into, shed be like, So, this could be an office. Or maybe a nursery. Yeah. No, like we said, we dont know if were gonna have…  No, no. I know, I know, you know. You dont know if youre gonna have em, but you know. You know, you never know. Sometimes you dont know whats gonna happen, and then… you know, something happens. Well, yeah, thats how all of life works. Okay, all right. Okay. Uh-huh. Mmm. This is an on-fire garbage can. Could be a nursery. She showed me a backyard once. She goes, I dont even like this backyard for you. I was like, Oh, do tell. She said, Its all pavement. I think you should have some grass out there. You know, in case you have a couple… little guys… running around in the grass. And I got offended on behalf of my imaginary kids. I was like, Hey, lady. I went outside about as much as Powder from the movie Powder. My children are not gonna be playing out on grass. They will be up in their rooms playing violent video games and catfishing pedophiles. These are my children. And thats my wife! I didnt mean to make it sound like we dont want children. We dont, but I didnt mean to make it sound like that. See, I just dont think babies like me very much. Sometimes babies will point at me, and I dont care for that shit at all. Like, Ill be on an elevator, and a baby will be there in its big, like, stroller activity tray, just, like, working on one Cheerio with Bobby Fischer-like intensity. And itll look up at me and go… I like to lean in and go, Stop snitchin, motherfucker. And then walk off. Cause youre never too young to learn our national no-snitching policy. My friends have babies and I dont do so well with them. I had a run-in with a two-year-old girl. I know there are better ways to start that story, but… My friend, Jeremy, has this two-year-old girl, and I really like her. Shes a sweet kid. I really like his daughter a lot. But I was over at his familys house for the Fourth of July, and he had his daughter on his knee. And it was a very lovely day. His whole extended family was there. And he was bouncing his two-year-old up and down, and he pointed at me and he said to his two-year-old, Do you know who that is? Thats your Uncle John. And I was like, Oh, my God. Thats so sweet. Im her Uncle John. And then the baby pointed at me and said, Uncle John has a penis. I thank you for laughing, because no one did that day! Fell deadly silent, is what they all did. Hey, do you know what youre supposed to say when a baby points at you and knowingly says, He has a penis? No, Im asking, cause I dont know what to say in that situation. Heres what I went with that day. I said, Oh, come on! I dont know. I thought thatd be good. But then it just made it worse, cause it sounded like the baby and I had an arrangement not to talk about it, and she had violated my trust. Like, the baby had been like, Do you have a penis? And I was like, Yes, I do, but youre a baby, so discretion is key. And then the next day she goes, He has a penis, and I go, Oh, come on! Someone cant keep a secret! Luckily, Jeremys wife saved the day. The babys mom saved the day. She came in and she picked up the baby, and she was like, Its okay. Shes just going through that phase where she says penis and vagina a lot. Arent we all? And, by the way, it wouldve been a totally different situation if the baby had said vagina. Like, if a grown woman had walked in the room, and the baby had been like, She has a vagina, the woman could be like, Yes, I do, and its magnificent. And we would all be like, Hooray! You are brave! No one wants to applaud the penis of a 32-year-old weirdo. Its fun to be married. Ive never been supervised before. Im supervised. She studies what I do. Like an anthropologist. Shell be like, Sometimes, he will watch a movie on TV even though he already owns that movie on DVD. Pointing this out to him confuses and upsets him. I had no supervision when I was a kid. We were free to do what we wanted. But also, with that, no one cared about kids. I grew up before children were special. I did. Very early 80s, right before children became special. Like, I remember when milk carton kids became a thing. When they were like, Hey, we should start looking for some of these guys. I dont think theyre just blowing off steam. No one cared about my opinion when I was a little kid. No one cared what I thought. Sometimes, people would say, What do you think youre doing? But that just meant Stop. They didnt actually wanna know my thought process. They didnt want me to be like, Well, I was gonna put this bottle rocket into this carton of eggs, so that when I lit off the bottle rocket, the eggs would explode everywhere. Oh, well, thats very interesting. And what brought you to this experiment? Oh, well, thank you for asking. Well… you know how Im filled with rage? Im so horny and angry all the time… and I have no outlet for it. So… eggs. Your opinion doesnt matter in elementary school either. It matters in college. College is just your opinion. Just you raising your hand and being like, I think Emily Dickinsons a lesbian. And theyre like, Partial credit. And thats a whole thing. But in elementary school, it doesnt matter what you think, it just matters what you know. You have to have answers to questions. And if you say, I dont know, you get an X on your test, and you get it wrong and thats not fair, cause your brain has never been smaller. Also, thats not how life works. Im in my 30s now. If you came to me now and you were like, Hey, John, name three things that the Stamp Act of 1775 accomplished. Id go, I dont know. Get out of my apartment, you know? But when youre a little kid, you cant say, I dont know. You should be able to. That should be an acceptable answer on a test. You should be able to write in, I dont know. I know you told me. But I have had a very long day. I am very small. And I have no money. So you can imagine the kind of stress that I am under. Or if its one of those true or false questions, you should be able to add a third option which is, Whos to say? Kids are much more supervised now, but also, they have a lot of rights. Like, thats the biggest civil rights increase Ive seen in my lifetime. The rights of children have gone through the roof. I had no rights when I was a little kid. I remember, one time, I walked into a supermarket by myself, and I walked in through the double doors, and the woman behind the register just looked at me and she went, No! And I went, All right. And I turned around and left. Thats how broken I was. And there werent special things for kids the way there are now. Like, we would just go see movies. Any movie. Like Back to the Future. That was a movie everyone could see. Kids could kinda see it. Great movie, right? I rewatched it recently. Its a very weird movie. Marty McFly is a 17-year-old high school student whose best friend is a disgraced nuclear physicist. And, I shit you not, they never explain how they became friends. They never explain it. Not even in a lazy way, like, Hey, remember when we met in the science building? They dont even do that. And we were all fine with it. We were just like, What, whos his best friend? A disgraced nuclear physicist? All right, proceed. What a strange movie to sell to be a family movie. Two guys had to go in and do that. They had to be like, Okay… we got an idea… for the next big family-action-comedy. All right, its about a guy named Marty, and hes very lazy. Hes always sleeping late. Okay. Is he cool like Ferris Bueller? No. But he does have this best friend whos, you know, a disgraced… nuclear physicist. Im confused here. This best friend, this is another student? No, no, no. No, this guys either, like, 40 or 80. Even we dont know how old this guys supposed to be. But one day, the boy and the scientist, they go back in time and they build a time machine. Whoa! Okay. I think I see where youre going here. They build a time machine, and they go back in time, and they stop the Kennedy assassination. Ah! Oh, wow, thats a really good idea, I mean, we didnt even think of that. All right, well, what do they do with the time machine? Well, now Im embarrassed to say. Ah, well, all right, all right, all right. We thought… We thought it would be funny, you know, if the boy, if he went back in time and, you know, he tried to fuck his mom. I dont know. We thought thatd be fun for people. But, no, good point. No, he doesnt get to, he doesnt get to. Cause this family friend named Biff, he comes in and he tries to rape the mom in front of the son. The dads gotta beat the rapist off of her. And also, were gonna imply that a white man wrote Johnny B. Goode. So, were gonna take that away from em. Well, this is the best movie idea I have ever heard in my life. Were gonna make three of them. Now, you say they go to the past. How about we call it Back to the Past? No, no, no. Back to the Future. Right, but they go to the past. Yeah. Kids have it very good now. My friends a teacher. She told me that, uh… the parents will take the kids side over the teacher now. Thats insane. That never happened. My parents trusted every grown-up… more than they trusted me. I dont mean coaches and teachers. Any human adults word… was better than mine. Any hobo or drifter could have taken me by the ear up to my front door and been like, Excuse me! Your kid bit my dick. And my mom would be like, John Edmund Mulaney, did you bite this nice mans dick? And I would be the only one whos like, Hey, doesnt anyone wanna know why… his dick was near my biters… in the first place? Isnt anyone curious… as to how I had access? Dont get me wrong, my parents love us. They just didnt like us. We werent friends. People are now like, My moms my best friend. I was like, Oh, is she a super bad mom? My parents didnt trust us, and they shouldnt have trusted us. We were little goblins. We were terrible. I remember, one time, we were going to this resort for a vacation when we were little kids. Three weeks before we went to the resort, my dad sat us down and he said, All right, were going to a resort, and Ive just been informed that the man who owns the resort only has one arm. And we were like, Oh, yes! Yay! Yes! Now, Im telling you three weeks in advance, so that you will not freak out when you see that he only has one arm. Oh, were gonna freak out so bad! Yes, John, you have a question? How did he lose his arm? Thats exactly what you wont ask. And then I did ask. I went into the kitchen one day, and I was like, So, howd you lose your arm? And he was like, Well, I was born with only one arm. And I was like, Nah. No, my parents loved us. Its just, like, they were the cops, you know? And we were criminals. So, we didnt get along. We only got along in that way that, like, cops will sometimes be chummy with criminals. Like, when my dad and I would talk, it was like that scene in the movie Heat, when Robert De Niro and Al Pacino sit down in that diner. We kind of had that rapport of, like, Hmm, were not so different, you and I. You have your law practice, and me, I have all these fucking markers. I guess we both have responsibilities when you look at it that way. My dad would respect it if I could get away with breaking a rule. We had a rule in our house, you were not allowed to watch TV on a school night. So, every school night, I would 100% be watching TV. And I would hear my dad coming, I would immediately turn the TV off and grab any book, magazine, periodical, anything. And Id open it and pretend to be doing homework. My dad would walk in the room and he would go, What are you doing? Are you watching TV? And Id go, No, man. Im not watching TV. And the TV wouldnt even be dark yet. It would still have, like, a neon green halo around it. Itd be sizzling like a glass of Pepsi. And I would look my dad in the eyes and go, No, Im just reading this Yellow Pages. My dad loved us. He just didnt care about our general happiness or self-esteem. I remember, one time, we were really little kids. I have two sisters and a brother, and all four of us were in our family car ride for three hours going to Wisconsin. My dad was driving, going down the highway in our white van with wood around the side. Cause you remember when you wanted your car to be made of wood? You remember that era? Where we were like, How much wood can we get on this car… without it catching on fire? But then the big announcement. We here at Plymouth-Chrysler can put a saucy stripe of wood safely on the outside of your car, for all those times youve looked at your minivan and thought, Huh! It needs a belt.' So, were going on the highway. Weve been on the road for three hours. And in the distance, we see a McDonalds. We see the golden arches. And we got so excited. We started chanting, McDonalds! McDonalds! McDonalds! McDonalds! And my dad pulled into the drive-thru, and we started cheering. And then, he ordered one black coffee for himself. And kept driving. And, you know, as mad as that made me as a little kid, in retrospect, that is the funniest thing I have ever seen in my entire life. How perfect is that? He had a vanload of little kids, and he got black coffee. The one thing from McDonalds no child could enjoy. My dad is cold-blooded. He once shushed a kid during Lion King on Broadway. That actually happened. We were at Lion King on Broadway, and there was a five-year-old behind us going, Look, its Pumbaa! Look, its Timon! And my dad turned around and said, Are you going to talk the entire time? Hes my hero. The weirdest thing when I was a kid was how much they scared us about smoking weed. They scared us about it constantly. And Ive been on tour this year… Marijuana is legal in 18 or 19 states in some form or another. Its insane. Yeah, well… All right, dont whoo if youre white. Its always been legal for us. Come on, sir. We dont go to jail for marijuana, you silly billy. When I was arrested with a one-hitter at a Rusted Root concert, I did not serve hard time. I think I got an award. Eighteen or 19 states. And, by the way, I agree, its a very good thing. But its also a really weird thing, because this is the first time Ive ever seen a law change because the government is just like, Fine. You know? Ive never seen it before. Like, gay marriage and healthcare, we have to battle it out in the Supreme Court, and be like, Gay people are humans. And theyre like, Well think about it. But with weed, it was just something we wanted really badly, and we kept asking them for 40 years, like, Excuse me. And then suddenly the government became like cool parents, and theyre just like, Okay, here. Take a little. Wed rather you do it in the house than go somewhere else… blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Those stupid parents. And thats a big deal because they scared us about weed constantly. It would be on our sitcoms. Wed be watching Saved by the Bell, wed be having a great old time. And then, suddenly, a character we had not seen before would show up with some weed and the episode would stop cold in its tracks. And theyd always hold the joint… The bad guy would hold the joint in a villainous way. Theyd always offer the joint in a way that no one ever holds a joint. Like its a skull in a Shakespeare play. And now its legal, and that is great news. Unless youre a weed dealer, and then it is terrible news. And I dont just mean because theyre about to lose out to Amazon.com. I more feel bad for weed dealers cause theyre about to find out that we only showed them a certain amount of politeness because they had an illegal product. And we dont show that same politeness to people who deliver legal products. Like, when the Chinese food delivery guy comes, we dont let him hang out after hes delivered the Chinese food. And we dont look the other way when he says weird shit to the girls were hanging out with… to try to preserve the relationship. And we definitely dont give him some of the Chinese food. Hes never like, Hey, can I get in on those dumplings? And were like, Yeah, were all friends. What are you, on your phone? Hey, V-neck. Hey! – Whats your name? – Sam. Sam? Cool! What do you do to afford V-necks, Sam? Typing numbers. Ah… numbers, the letters of math. Im sorry to bother you. I dont mean to single you out. I hate when people get pulled out of the audience. Like, are you familiar with the Cirque du Soleil, Sam? Theyre a group of French assholes that are slowly taking over America by humiliating audience members one by one. We once went to see Cirque du Soleil at Navy Pier when I was a kid, and my brother came, and he was 12 years old. You remember being 12, when youre like, No one look at me or Ill kill myself. And these French bastards come into the crowd, being like, Le volunteer! And they pulled my brother up on stage, and I was like, No! And they brought him up, and they reached into his sweatshirt, and they were like… And they had planted a bra, and they pulled out a bra and they were like… And everyone at Navy Pier was like Ah, ha, ha, ha, ha! And my brother was like, Thats great! I have had other jobs besides comedy. I was an office temp for a while. I really miss that. I loved being a temp, because I would just go from office to office and be terrible at a different job for a week. And then you just get to retire like Lou Gehrig. Youre like, Thank you. No one will ever see me again. And theyre like, Goodbye! I worked at an office once on 57th Street in New York City. I was there for a couple weeks. I was in a cubicle next to this other cubicle. This woman named Mischa sat in the other cubicle. I want to get the number right. I think Mischa had… about 900,000 photos of her daughter up in her cubicle. Almost like she was trying to solve a conspiracy about her daughter, A Beautiful Mind-style. I think about Mischa two times a week… because of a phone call she had next to me one day. It was one of my first days, and I was sitting next to her. And her phone rang, and this was her call, and Im quoting. Her phone rang and she said, Hello? Hush! And then she hung up. Think about that two times a week. And I didnt know her well enough by then to be like, Hey, what kind of a person are you? You know? Who could she have been talking to? Hello? Hush! This was a place of business. My only thought was that it was the CEO of the company being like, Mischa, help. Im doing a crossword puzzle. I need a four-letter word for be quiet right now. – Hush! – Youre promoted. I temped at a little web company on 25th Street in New York City. It was a small web company owned by this old man who was old, old, old money New York. His name was Henry J. Finch IV. Like old, old, old money. Like, his money was in molasses or something. He owned this web company. I have no idea why he owned this web company. I think he won it in a rich mans game of dice and small binoculars, or something. Mr. Finch wore linen suits. He had suspenders, he had a bow tie, he had a hat, he had a cane with an ivory handle. Im giving you more description than you need, cause I need you to believe me. This was a real person I knew in the 21st century. Mr. Finch was in his 70s. He had an assistant named Mary. She was in her 50s, she was Korean. I dont know why he had an assistant. He did not need one. Unless he needed someone to be like, Remember, Mr. Finch, at five oclock, you need to keep looking like a hard-boiled egg. One day, Mr. Finch came into the office. It had been raining. Everything Im about to say to you was said in front of me on that afternoon. Mr. Finch walked into the office, and he was wearing a raincoat, he was wearing a rain hat, and he had his cane. And he walked in and he said, and Im quoting, Ah! One feels like a duck splashing around in all this wet! And when one feels like a duck, one is happy! And then Mary yelled, Ooh, ducklings! To which Mr. Finch replied, Too old to be a duckling. Quack, quack. And then walked into his office. I think about that every goddamn day. I mean, imagine youre me. Youre a 22-year-old temp, and youre so hungover, and you just wanna die every day. And then that happens in front of you, and I dont know, gives you hope? And I did that a little fast. Let me break that conversation down for you. Mr. Finch walked in, and he began a conversation the way anyone would. Ah! One feels like a duck splashing around in all this wet! The rain. And when one feels like a duck, one is happy! Now, thats debatable. But rather than debate that point, Mary brought up a new, separate, but interesting point… which was, Ducklings! But Mr. Finch, ever the realist about his own age and mortality… said, Ah, too old to be a duckling! As if to say, My duckling days are behind me. Mary, dont you see? Im a duck now. And to prove it… Well, Ill say just about the most famous catchphrase a duck has… Quack, quack.' And I knew right at that moment, by the way, that it meant nothing to Mr. Finch, what he had said. Crazy people are like that. They have unlimited crazy currency. Like, if I had gone into his office a couple weeks later and been like, Hey, Finch, you remember that time you were like, Too old to be a duckling. Quack, quack? He would just be like, Ah, perhaps I did quack! But such is life for an old knickerbocker like me. Like, hed say something else crazy. Thats the wonderful thing about crazy people, you know? Is that they just have unlimited currency. The things they say mean nothing to them, but they mean everything to me. I was once walking into Penn Station in New York. I was walking down 31st Street towards Eighth Avenue. Im walking down 31st, theres this woman standing at Eighth and 31st. I have my little roller suitcase. You can all imagine. Im walking towards her. Shes smoking a cigarette that is not lit anymore. Shes watching me walk, kind of scanning me up and down, as if she had Terminator vision… where she could see little bits of data, like, Little honky ass, and could read information. As I walked past her, she said this to me. I walked past her and she said, and Im quoting, Eat ass, suck a dick and sell drugs. Very dirty, yes? A very upsetting thing to hear, yes? Im sorry you all had to hear that, but at least you all got to hear it as a group. I was alone out there that afternoon. And she said this totally unprompted. Eat ass, suck a dick and sell drugs. It wasnt like I had paused in front of her and been like, What should I do with my life? So, I walk away from her with this to-do list. And I like structure, I like a to-do list. It did dawn on me that that list of things does get better as it goes along, when you really think about it. Cause it starts in a pretty rough place. It starts with just about the worst task a to-do list can start with. But by the end, you have your own small business. And isnt that the American dream when alls said and done? That if you eat enough ass and suck enough dick, one day you can sell drugs. Imagine you did all that to sell drugs and then they legalize drugs, and you were like, But I… This has been a real thrill to perform here, by the way. I just wanna say that in all sincerity. Thanks for coming to this. Really, really appreciate it. I wanna tell you one more story before I get out of here, about the night I met a guy named Bill Clinton. Now, I dont… Some of you know who that is? For those of you that dont, he was President of the United States from 1993 until 2001, and he is a smooth and fantastic hillbilly who should be declared Emperor of the United States of America. Now, I know you know who Bill Clinton is. But I was doing a show at a college, and I mentioned Bill Clinton, and, like, they kind of didnt know who he was. Like, sorry, they knew the name, right? But they only knew this 2015 Bill Clinton, whos a very different Bill Clinton. Have you seen his ass lately? What the hell is he trying to pull? Hes all thin now, and he wears these little tight suits, and hes got these grandpa reading glasses, like, Hey, I cant do nothing to nobody no more. Oh, me? Im just an old, old man. I dont have the appetites. You know? And hes always flying around the world with Bill Gates trying to cure AIDS. That is not the Bill Clinton that we all signed up for 20 years ago. Our Bill Clinton was like a big, fat Buddy Garrity from Friday Night Lights-looking guy, who played the saxophone on Arsenio, and his work in the STD community was not in curing anything at that time. That was the man we all elected president. That was the Bill Clinton that I met. I got to meet Bill Clinton when he was Governor Clinton in 1992, when he was first running for president. And I got to meet Bill Clinton because my parents had gone to the same college as Bill Clinton. Theyre a little younger, but they went to the same college. So, when he was first running for president, he would have all these big, like, alumni fundraisers, and everyone who went was invited to go. Now, this was really cool for a couple reasons. One, I got to meet Bill Clinton. But two, I got to watch my parents watch someone they went to school with become the president. And that is super funny to see, cause think about some of the people you went to school with. Now imagine theyre becoming the president. Imagine Sam was becoming the president. It would stir up strong emotions. And my parents had very different opinions on Bill Clinton. My mom loved Bill Clinton, cause Bill Clinton was always a really charismatic, handsome guy. I mean, think about how many women he got in the 1990s when he looked like Frank Caliendo doing John Madden. Now… imagine him as a college student. And my mom tells me that there was this sort of chivalrous policy on campus back then, where, late at night, if female students were leaving the library unaccompanied, male students were encouraged to wait out in front and offer to walk them home. That sounds good, right? So, my mom tells me that Bill Clinton would be out in front of the library every single night… just being like, Hey, can I walk ya home? Hey, can I walk ya home? Hey, can I walk ya home? Hey, can I walk ya home? And one night, my mom was leaving the library, and Bill Clinton was like, Hey, can I walk ya home? And my mom was like, Hell, yes. So… This is absolutely true. My mom, little Ellen Stanton, walked arm-in-arm with Bill Clinton to her dorm. And she was like, You know, I wanted to invite him up for a beer. And I was like, Thanks, Im nine. But… her roommate was upstairs, so she lost her chance with Bill Clinton. Now, my dad, on the other hand, hated Bill Clinton, because my parents were dating during this time. And also, my dads a much more morally-upright, conservative kind of guy. He always told me that he hated it in college that Bill Clinton could, quote, Get away with anything. Can you imagine how he felt later? So, one day, this invitation arrives for a fundraiser where you could meet Bill Clinton. My mom opens it first and she goes, Oh, we have to go. We have to go see Bill. And without looking up at her, my dad just says, Why? Its not like hes gonna remember you. One black coffee. Same motherfucker. So, my mom says, Fine! Ill go and Ill take John. And I was like, Hell, yeah. And I slid in the room in my First Communion suit, ready to go. Cause I loved Bill Clinton. I was ten years old. If you were a kid when Bill Clinton was first released, it was the most exciting thing ever. Wed never seen a cool politician before. And he would go on MTV, and hed have cool answers to kids questions. Theyd be like, Governor, whats your favorite food? And hed be like, I dont know, fries? And wed be like, Yay, we eat fries! I learned to play his campaign song on the piano. It was Dont Stop by Fleetwood Mac… from Rumours, an album written by and for people cheating on each other. He let us know who he was right away. So, I went with my mom, as her date… to reconnect with Governor Bill Clinton. We walked into the ballroom. It was a big hotel ballroom. It was the Palmer House Hilton, big Hilton hotel ballroom. Walked into the ballroom, it was packed with people. Its actually the ballroom from the end of the movie The Fugitive, remember? So, that ballroom. So, my mom and I walk in, its packed with people, the… Sorry, the end where Harrison Ford, as Dr. Richard Kimble, bursts in to confront Dr. Charles Nichols, right? Okay. So, that ballroom. So, my mom and I walk in, its packed with people. Why does Kimble confront Nichols? Well, I know we all know this, but… No, no. But, but, but… Kimble, he found out that Nichols, along with Devlin MacGregor and Lentz, who has mysteriously died, they had hired Frederick Sykes, the one-armed man, to kill Kimble. Kimbles wife wasnt even the target. I know we all know this. But they were gonna kill Kimble because he wasnt gonna approve certain liver samples to pass RUD-90. So, Kimble finds out about all of this, and, of course, hes furious. And he bursts into the ballroom and he goes, You switched the samples! And Dr. Nichols is like, Ladies and gentlemen, my friend, Dr. Richard Kimble. What accent did that guy have, by the way? He goes, You switched the samples! And you doctored your research! So that you could have Provasic! Anyway, so its that ballroom. So, we walk into that ballroom. It was packed with people. It was packed with people. A real Whos Not of Chicago celebrities. Walter Jacobson was there. Walter Jacobson was the local Fox anchor. Hed do fun things where hed go undercover as a homeless person. And hed be like, Oh, what time is the soup? And theyd be like, Man, youre Walter Jacobson. He was there. Everybody. And on the far side of the ballroom, under a spotlight, we saw a little bit of silver hair. And it was him… Bill Clinton. The Comeback Kid. But he was surrounded by reporters, and photographers, and Secret Service. So, what are you gonna do? Well, if youre my mom, you ball up the back of my sport coat, and you push me forward like a human shield. And then you start jogging while yelling, This ten-year-old boy has to meet the next president of the United States! Kind of implying that I might be dying. My feet were not on the ground. She was swinging me like a snowplow. I was just mowing down fat Chicago Democrats. I pushed past all the reporters, I pushed past all the photographers. We pushed past all the Secret Service. We land at Bill Clintons feet. Bill Clinton turns, looks at my mom and says, Hey, Ellen, cause he never forgets a bitch, ever. My mom melts. She goes, Hi, Bill. Then it is revealed that she has no plan. So… she pushes me towards Clinton and she goes, This is my son, John, and hes also going to be president. And I was like, What the hell are you talking about? Im not gonna be president. And I know now that Im definitely never gonna be president. Not unless everyone gets real cool about a bunch of stuff really quickly. Based on my ten-year-old memory, Bill Clinton is about 13 feet tall. And he leaned down, because, well, I was wearing this button that I bought outside the fundraiser. It was a cartoon button of George H. W. Bush, and it had a quail flying over his head, and it was shitting on his head. And it said, Bird-brained. And I thought it was very funny. And Bill Clinton leaned down so that only I could hear and he said, Hey, man, I like your button. And I said, You can do whatever you want forever. And he took my advice. And… it was the best night of my entire life. And I got home that night… I got home that night, and my dad was still awake, like, reading angry under one lamp, just like… And I went up to him and I went, Hey! Im gonna be a Democrat. And Im gonna vote for Bill Clinton. And without looking up at me, my dad just said, You have the moral backbone of a chocolate éclair. You know, how you talk to a child. So, heres the end of that story. That was 1992. Lets flash forward five years to 1997. It is now 1997. I am a sophomore in high school, Bill Clinton is in his second term as president. And on the morning that the Monica Lewinsky scandal breaks on the cover of The New York Times. It had been on the Drudge Report, and then it was on the cover of The New York Times. That morning, I wake up to the newspaper hitting me in the face. I am a teenager asleep in bed, and the newspaper hits me in the face and falls open on my stomach. And I open my eyes to see my dad standing there dressed for work, and he says, The other shoe just dropped. And then my dad went in to work to find out that his law firm had been hired to defend Bill Clinton. Good night, Chicago.

LOUIS C.K.@LIVE AT THE COMEDY STORE@2015@Thank you. Oh. Oh, my God, you guys. Oh, my God, thank you. This- You guys… You guys are great, thank you. This is what I talk like now, just so you know. Im gonna do the whole show like this. A really-a very offensive stereotype… …of a Mexican. This is… This is a Mexican at the border. Just let me in! Jesus! He wont let me- You guys are dicks in there, anyways! Fuck you, America! Was that too high up, do you think? Thats why I like- I always like to stand just a little bit wrong, you know? Just for my own entertainment, instead of standing like this, just put it a little bit up here, just so people are like- I dont know why that bothers me. Especially if Im somewhere I dont like being, like CVS. You know, I hate CVS. But sometimes you gotta go in there. That should be their slogan, CVS. Sometimes you gotta come in here. Where else you gonna get your wart Band-Aids and that stuff for your dry vaginer? Dry vaginer. I used to think it was called a vaginer. I did, because I grew up in Boston and the- I dont know if you are familiar with- People call it the Boston accent. Its not an accent. Its a whole city of people saying most words wrong. Its just a stupidity in a massive region. Because my teachers, they teach you to talk like that. My teacher-I had a teacher named Miss Daugherty, but she thought her name was Mrs. Darrity. She mispronounced her own name. Mrs. Darrity! And shed give us sex-ed- This was fifth grade. We had sex ed with Mrs. Darrity, and shes showing us the diagram, shes like, This is a penis. And this is a vaginer. Now, during intercourse, the man ejaculates sperm… … up into the vaginer. And then later, a fucking baby… … comes out of the vaginer. And sometimes its retahded.  This was the 70s. A teacher said retahded in Boston in the 70s. My daughters retahded. She used to tell us every day. I have a daughter and shes mentally retahded. Shes 35 and she lives in my house. She better be fucking retahded. Im gonna stick her back up in my vaginer. So I thought it was called a vaginer til I was, like, 25. And I remember thinking it was, like- Its a vaginer, its a- Like, a thing that vagines, you know? Like, you use it to vagine- I gotta vagine my driveway. I dont know. I just gotta vagine this new table I just made. That would make a nice table, like, you make a new table and then you take the- the 80-grit paper and you sand it, and then 120, and then you go, All right, honey, get up there, and she just… Like, an old- Like, one of those Danish tables, or like a… Ooh. Nice old Italian table. This table is-a very smooth because, eh, my wife have a very juicy pussy and she vagine the table and my family, we do this for generations, we vagine. All right. So Im 47 now, and, uh… Yeah, I know, thats about what its worth. Thats what it- Thats what that deserves. Woo. Woo. Woo! Yeah, 47 doesnt buy you anything. 18, you can vote, 21, you can drink, and 47, you can just- Just keep doing whatever. Just do… Just keep being out of breath. One good thing is that Ive let go of any dream of getting in great shape, like, its like a relief. Just cause- My whole life Ive been like, well, someday, I should really get in great shape. Now, Im like, what? Why would I do that? Thats not gonna happen. Just- To me, the bar, the level I wanna reach as far as the shape Im in, I just want it to be so that if you find out that I died, you ask What happened? Thats all. I want you to wonder what happened. I dont want it to be like, Oh, he died? Oh, yeah, well, sure. Sure he did. Sure he did. Thisd be bigger news to you- Did you hear Louies still alive? Shit. Oh, really? Oh, my God! Oh, my God, how? How? Some things change when you get older. Like, Ive reallocated some of the noises that I make. Like, the noise I used to make when I come is now the noise I make when I pee. Oh… oh… Oh… Ah… Ahhh… Take it all, bitch. Very disrespectful to my toilet, unfortunately. Yeah, you like that piss, dont you? Bitch! Im gonna shit in your mouth, too, cause you aint nothing but a shit-eatin, piss-drinkin toilet! Dumb bitch, toilet! You aint intelligent. You aint even been outside. You sit there waiting for me to shit in your face. Got piss on your lips. You aint even special. I pissed in three toilets today. You aint shit. Thats terrible. Thats awful. But thats how my dad treated his toilet, so thats where I learned it. Its a shame. So thats the noise I make when I pee. And, uh, some of you might be wondering- None of you are wondering… …what noise do I make when I come. So this is the noise I make when I come. I just go… It is done! Its a whole thing with clouds and lightning and crows. The circle is complete! Its kind of intense. And theres a little witch with white eyes going, And a child will be born! I dont know. One time I was having sex with a woman, it was our first time having sex. Also turned out to be our last time, but I wasnt- Didnt know that at the- Anyway, I was getting- I was gonna come soon, so I felt like talking about it, and… But I didnt know her very well. So it came out weird, I said, Oh, Im cooming. Shes like, What did you say? Cause I was back there. Thats why. Thats why she had to go like this. Whatd you say? What was that back there, chief? What was that? Cause Im always back there. Thats a-thats a weird thing to brag about. Im always behind her. Every time. So they dont see me crying. Its weird having sex with a woman from behind cause you dont know whats going on the whole time and you get kinda paranoid. The whole time, she might be like… I was on the subway in New York. This isnt another sex story. This is a traveling story. Are you ready? So Im on the subway and Im standing there- I wasnt holding anything, I just like to stand like this. Im standing there. I walk around the city like this. Hi. So Im standing there and from behind me over here, I hear this. I hear… And I was like, whew, okay. Its a crazy person. I mean, its not a big surprise in New York. Then I heard it again. I was like, all right, I wanna see, I wanna see the crazy person. I just wanna take a look. So I look over and its not what I expected. It wasnt a big homeless guy with two sets of headphones that dont work or anything like that. It was a… A young woman, she looked like she was about 21 and shes standing there, shes very, kinda nice- Properly dressed. She was very, like, Michigan-y or something. Very suburban-y, Michigan-y kinda thing. And shes standing there with her ponytail, and then all of a sudden, she starts going like this, she goes… La-la la-la-la la-la! And I realize, oh, shes, like, a student, like, a singing music student, and shes doing her vocal exercises on the subway. You know what? It wasnt charming or nice. It was arrogant and rude, cause she just had this look like, its- Im so cool, cause Im studying music in New York City and I just do my thing right on the subway every day. La-la la-la-la la-la, everybody! La-la la-la-la la-la, tired nurse who just did a 14-hour shift! We live in an interesting time, you know. Cause you can be on an airplane, youre like one of 200 passengers. Youre on a flight 30,000 feet in the air, and in the middle of the flight if you just decide to do this, youre sitting in your seat and you just start going like this, you go… Maaah! Maaah! Mahh! If you do that and dont stop doing it, they will land the plane. You can will a plane to the ground without a weapon or a threat. You dont even have to do that much, you can just sit there and just start going, Down! Down! Seriously, if you were on a plane and you just didnt stop saying down. Down! Down! Sir, is there a problem? Down! Down! Fighter jets will appear- I mean, youre going to the nearest airport. And then I guess youre in trouble, but… What? They cant put you, like, in prison because you said down several times. They, like, bother you. Whyd you do it? Are you a terrorist? Whyd you do it? I just-I just didnt want to be up anymore. I just didnt like it. I mean, I just said the word of the-where I wanted to be. You didnt have to do it. It was just a suggestion, Jesus Christ. I was on a plane once and there was two babies on the plane. And other people, it wasnt just… It wasnt just me and two babies. That would be weird. You get on a plane, theres just two babies. Come on, were leaving soon. Hes the pilot baby. Im the other baby. No, thats all right, Im not gonna… You babies have a good flight, but Im gonna find another way to get there. Yeah, I dont like the way this was starting. Anyway, I was on a plane and there was these two babies and they were crying the whole time, crying the whole flight, and that happens a lot. I dont think they knew each other, they were just crying. Ive seen this on so many flights, I started to wonder, is there a reason for this? Is there, like, an actual reason why babies- So I looked it up. Turns out, theres an actual reason why babies cry on airplanes, and its because theyre upset that gay people are getting married. Yeah. Theyre, like, really upset. Like, inconsolably upset. Honey, its- The countrys changing. Waah! And I dont agree with them. I think if people are in love, they should get married. But they cant- They cant accept that. Cause theyre just-You know, theyre just being babies. Babies are selfish. They are, babies are selfish. They just, waah! No baby ever goes, Waah, but how you doing, though? I have two daughters and both of them at one time were babies and I held them and they cried on planes. Its happened to me, Ive had a baby on a plane. If youre ever- This is how selfish people are. When youre on a plane and you hear a baby crying, you think thats happening to you. Youre like, Ugh, this is gonna ruin my flight! Its gonna ruin it! Well, look at the parent, cause that person is holding a crying baby on a plane, which means theyve been traveling with a baby all day, which means they have a baby, okay? So their life isnt even good. They dont like anything. Their whole life is, ugh, Jesus! If theres any joy for them, its that this is now bothering other people. Yeah, you listen to this shit now! Waah! I remember one time, my baby was crying on the plane, she was really upset, and this guy, some businessman on the plane, cause businessmen always think that every flight is a private plane of theirs that were all, like, piggybacking on. And this guy has his fucking newspaper and he turns around to look at me and my baby and he looks right at me. He doesnt kinda, like, go like this. He looks at me like, hmm? Like, could you? Im like, Oh, Im sorry, is this bothering you? Let me just… You all just clapped for a dead baby. You applauded a dead baby. I have two children. Uh, nine and 12 years old. Both girls. Uh, theyre both gay. Um… Im raising em gay. Most people raise their kids straight, Im just gonna raise mine gay. Maybe theyll do what they want later, but, uh, as long as theyre in my house, theyre gay. I tell em every day, youre gay, honey, good night. Go to bed. Brush your gay teeth, gay honey. Dont forget to be gay. Having children is a big responsibility and Ive never really done very well at it. Ive made a lot of mistakes. Some of them big, some of them small, you know? Like, Im still a person, I still am an idiot, you know, still, like, I- I got high one night, I got really high, because I dont do drugs. I never do drugs, never. So that when I do… …theyre way more fun. To me, thats my best advice about drugs. If you want to enjoy drugs, never do them, never. Because then when you do, theyre actually fun. Cause when drugs are a part of your life, theyre just another pain in the ass in your life. Its just a, ugh, my drugs suck. I dont want to have that problem. I always want to be that person where its a new thing, somebodys like, hey, you wanna try this? And Im like, oh! I dont know if I should. This is crazy. I dont even know how Im gonna do it. I mean, what is this? Anyway, I got- My friend had the little vape- Im a little worried, honestly, by the young people with the vaping and they just do this and then they just vape. And they just stand on the corner and puff and look at the fucking thing and I miss-I miss you. Thats what it is, I miss you people, cause you used to stand around like this and I get to go, Id fuck that one, and that ones okay, but now I dont even- Im just looking at the top of peoples heads now. But I didnt realize how, like, my friend- I have a younger friend who vapes and she told me its just to kinda, like, calm her. Shes like, I barely feel it, you know. Sometimes it helps me sleep. So one night, were hanging out and Im like, Im gonna go home and go to sleep, but I mean, Ill just try it, so I took one little tiny hit. I was insane, I was completely insane. I was in my house, I couldnt even walk past a window, I had to go under the windows, cause I was afraid of the inside of my own brain. So I started texting people, just being- Just texting, Im so high. Im so fucking high. Im so high, and I texted, you know, another friend. Im so high I want to suck the pot jizz out of my own dick and get higher. Thats what I wrote. Im not bragging, Im just telling you thats what I wrote. And I sent it. And then later, I looked at my text and I was, like, I think I might have sent that to my 12-year-old daughter. I think its possible. And I didnt, but I too easily couldve. We need-Now my kids are in my phone. There needs to be some very reliable firewall that says, these numbers are much harder to text, that you cant just, whoops! Traumatized her irreversibly! That you can go, like, to write to these numbers, I have to solve the Hellraiser puzzle and I have to… Theres two guys with the keys in the opposite room that turn them at the same moment and theres a warning. Are you sure you want to send this picture of your pubic hair to your ex-wifes mother? Thats how you want to break the silence of six years since the divorce. This is my pubic hair. Look at all of my pubic hair. How have you been? I try to be a good dad, but, you know, like- life just kinda takes off and kids start, you know, they got their own ideas and theyre- My nine-year-old, shes just figuring out about lying and thats a tough thing. Its hard to roll that one back, because lying is pretty amazingly useful in life. Its like, how do you tell a kid not to use a thing that just solves every possible problem, like magic? How do you… Cause thats why-Kids lie cause theyre in trouble. They lie cause theyre in more trouble than they can take, you know? Cause kids… Nine-year-old, when a nine-year-old lies, its not for some weird Machiavellian, you know… Do you know what my teacher said about you? It was interesting. They dont just make shit up. They lie because theyre in trouble and its more than they can- Cause trouble is too much for a kid. Trouble-For grown-ups, we can take trouble. We dont care. We just go, oh, Im sorry. Oh, am I in trouble? Oh, whoops! We dont care. But to a little kid, trouble is like this horrible… Did you take the chocolate? And she did and she doesnt know how to handle it. Did you- Did you take it? No. Well, all right, then, have a nice day. How do you then tell her, yeah, dont ever apply that perfect solution again, to terrifying things. Mark Twain once said, A man who always tells the truth doesnt have to remember what he said. And thats great. But Mark Twain also said, There once was a big black guy named Nigger Jim. So… I dont know if… …a hundred percent of the things he said were perfectly awesome. Really, Mark? Nigger Jim, youre gonna go with? Thats the best you can do, to name the- Its got kind of a nice ring to it, Nigger Jim. Yeah, well, its a little on the nose, isnt it? Couldve called him Black Mike, I mean, just a little… Take it down one notch of the… Thanks for that, Mark. Anyway. So, while were in this area… Now that I know you guys are cool. No, no. No. No. Um… No, no. But, uh-but, uh… but… but… This is a story that takes place- Im gonna tell you this story, its kind of a messy story. It takes place over a lot of years, cause it start- It started with my friend Mike, who told me this story. This happened to him back in the 90s. He was going home for Christmas and he lives in Connecticut- He grew up in Connecticut in some shitty shit town in shitty, shitty Connecticut, and he didnt like going home. Hes one of those people. He came from a place- Doesnt like it anymore. And he goes back- He doesnt know how to handle his family, you know, and he came from a family of white racists and he doesnt like going home, but its still home, so he went home for Christmas one year and everybodys hanging out during the day, talking, having lunch, and his father and his brother both work at this factory and his brothers grousing about his day at work and he goes, Yeah, and then this fucking nigger fell asleep at the forklift. And then my friend Mike heard that and he went, Oh, God. Why am I part of these people? I hate this. And he felt bad. And then that night, hes in the kitchen and hes having a warm milk or whatever and he… I dont know why thats- I dont know why thats funny, but… What that says about him. Yeah, cause hes a pussy. No. Hes just sort of having some time to himself and his cousin comes downstairs, whos staying- And his cousin, he likes his cousin. Thats the one person he always felt connected with, and his cousins like, Whats wrong, man? And he says, Well, jeez, I come home and I hoped that everything would be, you know, normal, but then, my brother says, uhh, hes at the factory and this nigger fell asleep at the forklift. And his cousin goes, Oh, my God, the nigger fell asleep at the forklift? So this is the first part of the story, okay? So Mike tells me that story about how hes just not listened to by anybody in his family, and then later on, I get a job writing on a TV show for Cedric the Entertainer. Great guy, and he had a show and he hired a writing staff, half white writers, half black writers. So at lunchtime, we talk about race, it was just a- Wed have these provocative, interesting conversations, trading notes about race, the white writers and the black writers, and I told that story. I told the whole thing about the guy, Uhh, nigger and the forklift, And then the cousin saying, Uhh, the nigger at the forklift! And then one of the writers, a black writer, he goes, Theres nothing worse than a nigger falling asleep at the forklift, making it harder for the rest of us. Still, nobody is quite hearing what my friend was going through. And then, about a year later, Im hanging out with my friend Dino. Dino is Greek. He has no dog in the race, he doesnt care either way. Hes Greek. Greeks arent white or black, theyre just- Hes just got a big nose and he just stands there. And I told Dino the whole story, I told him about the guy, Uhh, the forklift, and the guy, Uhh! And then the black writer- And then Dino says, How do you fall asleep at a forklift? My oldest daughter is gonna be 13 next year, thats a big deal. Thats a big deal. Thats- All the parents ahead of you always go, like, yeah. Yeah, wait til she… Thats when you… Im not afraid of her teenagehood. Its gonna be challenging and difficult and shell meet the challenges, you know. Im always proud of my kid. Shes a good kid. Now, some parents are really afraid of their daughters. A lot of dads get scared, like, I dont know what to do. I have this friend, his daughters 15, hes like, Shes gonna start having sex! I dont know what to do! Shes gonna have sex, what do I do? Im like, well, you dont do anything. You dont have a role in that at all. Youre her father. No role. Not supportive or advisory, nothing. But what if she has a bad sexual experience? Oh, shes gonna have a number of those. Oh, yes, she is. Her whole life is gonna be just walking through a blizzard of bad dicks, just… Ow! Dicks, just- Jesus. What the fuck? That was a big one. Holy fuck, Im just trying to get to work. The little one, the nine-year-old, lifes a little simpler. Tap dancing, she takes tap dancing lessons. We started her with tap dancing, because we figure by the time she grows up, itll be the 1930s again, and, uh, yeah. Shell have this thing she can do that nobody enjoys watching. Do you know who the audience is for tap dancing? The parents of tap dancing students. Thats all of it. Cause we all have to go to the show at the end of the tap dancing semester, and they have a big theater show and all the kids get up there, they all tap dance in groups of threes. Theres about 6,000 kids. They do about 20 minutes each. So the shows about seven months long, and everybody dies at the end. But you go because you want to see your kid tap dance, cause thats an amazing thing, cause this was a baby, she was just a baby. She was just like… Thats it. And now shes going like this. Its amazing. But you gotta watch all those other kids that you dont love at all. And you gotta watch people, grown-ups do it. Theres grown-up- Adult students, and they get up there. Get off! Nobodys here to see you! Nobody! Your parents are dead, youre 52! Nobody came from work. Nobody came from work. I take her every-every Thursday to tap dancing and we go up to the school and she puts on her tap shoes and she goes in the little room. I dont go in there, and she tap dances and I wait outside, because its 40 minutes, its not enough time to go anywhere. So I just sit there and listen to… And then she comes out. I dont-Im tired of this. I dont want to go anymore. Good, dont. I dont want to bring you. Quit. Quit. I dont care. I dont push my kids into this shit. Cause you gotta do it, too. I dont wanna do it. Daddy, Im tired of soccer. Soccer is out of our lives forever, with those words from thine mouth. Soccer is gone. I dont care- Dont go to school, I dont want to get up at 7:00. Dont do any of this shit, honey. I dont care. I have money, just eat the food in the house. Stay home and eat. You and your sister, dont have kids, I can cover all of us and then we all die. Thats my goal. I want to make enough money that we can just lock the door and eat the food. Thats it. Daddy, what are we doing today? Go to the food room and pick something out and go to bed. Thats all thats required of you. People-People overthink this life shit. People get all knotted up. I dont know what to do with my life. Like, I dont know, like, what I should be, or, like… I dont know, its like… What should I, like, do? With my- With, like, my life? Just get food and put it in the- Put food in here. Thats it. Put food in here. Walk around and look for food. And anytime you see any food, put it in here. Just take it and put it in here. Later, when you feel pressure, shit out the shit in there. Thats it. If anybody tries to stop you from doing either of those, murder them. Thats it. Doesnt have to be any more complicated. Do it til youre died- til youre dead. Til youre dead, died, dead. I dont know how long Im gonna live, I have no idea. You dont really ever get to find out. You never get to go, okay, Im dead, so, 80. You dont ever get to have that thought. This is it.  You get to go, This is probably it. Thats your last thought. This is probably it right here. Yeah, well, were all gonna die at some point. Its true, man. And you find out at some point- Its an interesting thing about human beings, that we live with the knowledge that were gonna die. I found out when I was seven that everybody dies. My grandfather told me. He said, Everybody dies! I wasnt even talking to him. I was just trying to blow out the candles. And I was seven years old when I found out that everybody dies. And I was excited, not cause everybody dies, but cause I knew it. I was excited cause I knew I was young to know that everybody dies. I knew that most of my friends didnt know and I thought, Im gonna tell them. I want to be the one that tells everybody. I especially wanted to tell Benjy, this kid across the street from me. There was this kid Benjy, he lived-I didnt- He wasnt my friend. I was seven and he was six, but if I ever came out in my front yard, he would come out and Id be like, ugh, here he comes. Just hated him. Hated him. First person I ever hated. Like, visceral hate. He was- To me, he was a piece of shit cocksucker asshole. Thats what he was to me, and I didnt even know any of those words. I just had that, like, as a raw feeling with no way to say it. I was too young for the feeling that I had, and then somebody- I heard somebody say piece of shit cocksucker asshole, I was like, that, yes, thank you. Thats what that- Yes, thats how-Yes. Anyway, one day I was in my front yard and piece of shit Benjy comes across. And he says, I got a new bike, or something like that. And I was like, uh, Youre gonna die someday. And he was like, What? No, Im not. I said, Yes, you are. Everybody dies. Youre gonna die and your moms gonna die and your daddys gonna die. In that order. He was really upset and he starts running. Its still funny to me, it still makes me laugh, 40 years later. I can still see it so clearly and it still makes me laugh. Run, Benjy! You cant run from this shit, bitch. Its gonna get you. I wonder if hes dead. Anyway. So he came back with his mom, his mom is so angry, and then I was scared. And his mom came over, What did you say to him? And I said, I just told him that everybody dies. And she goes, Well, thats not necessarily true. I was like, What? She says, Well, some people die, but not everybody does. And I was so full of questions. I was like, what about- What about Abraham Lincoln and George Washington, theyre dead. But she said, Yeah, thats cause something happened to them. George Washington didnt take care of himself and Lincoln got shot, but theres a lot of people alive from those days. And I was like, really? What about, like, Bible people? And shes like, Yeah, I- We have to go. And then she left, cause I think she realized, this is only gonna get worse. Shes not on a good side of this argument. And then I went to my mom and I told her the whole thing, shes like, dont worry, that ladys a fucking idiot, dont listen to her. My mom said, Dont worry, baby, youre definitely going to die. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. People from the Bible. I wonder if people in the Bible knew they were gonna be in the Bible. Like, You guys, this is totally gonna be in the Bible. This is totally-You guys, were gonna get in the Bible, everybody. I gotta get my roots done so I look good for the Bible. Yeah, my dog died recently. I had to tell the kids that the dog is dead. Thats a tough thing, telling your kids that the dog died. You gotta tell em at some point. You cant just keep going, What? No, hes-Whered he go? Oh, look, there he goes. I dont know, hes- That little scamp. There he goes, go get em. Go get em! Told my kids the dog died and we dealt with it. And I was proud of them how they expressed their feelings about it. They cried. I was proud of them how they dealt with their feelings and what they said about it and how they processed it and I realized, this was a positive thing. Thats how you start thinking as a parent, a lot of things you dont think would be positive really are, cause-cause a dog dying is an opportunity to deal with death with your kids. Its like a dry run for Grandma. It is, it is. Dog dies, you talk about it, you deal with it. Later on, you go, so, you know all that stuff we talked about? About the dog? Yeah, so, Grandma now. Mm-hmm. All the same stuff. Thats right. All right, go brush your teeth. I had a dog when I was a kid and he hated me, and it really hurt. Its a true story, my dog hated me and I- I wanted a dog so bad, I was, like, ten years old, I used to beg my mother for a dog and she just would say, like, you had one when you were a baby and it died, its fine. But finally, she said, you can have a dog if you keep your room clean for a month. And I was so excited, cause I was, like, Im getting a dog. I told all my friends, Im gonna get a dog. All I have to do is keep my room clean for a month. I lasted about a week and it just went to shit. I couldnt do it and then I tried, like, three, four days, I couldnt do it. And I got so depressed. I was like, Im ten and I already know my life is gonna be shit cause I cant do anything. And finally, my mom was like, just- Well get the dog, youre bumming everybody out. So she got us a dog. And the dog looked at me and he hated me, on sight. And I worked hard to take care of this dog. I was kind to him and he still hated me, which hurt. Thats why it hurt. Cause he mustve just hated, like, who I am inside. He-You could tell how he felt, cause he was very expressive. He was a terrier, you know, so he had eyebrows. Like, Id walk in the room and hed go, like, oh, fuck, I cant. And he would just leave! I would take him for a walk and I had to use a leash and I didnt want to use a leash. I wanted to be one of those cool guys with a dog that just comes along, you know one of those guys. Hes always got, like, a suede jacket with patches in it. And, like, scratchy hair, hes like, hey. And he gets in his old pickup and hes like, come on, dog. He goes, like- You know those guys that can whistle that cool whistle? Whatever. Whew! And the dog jumps in the back and they both get laid somewhere because theyre both so cool. Thats what I wanted. But my dog, wed go for a walk and the leash was, like, taut, like this, it wasnt even like, yeah, were friends. It was like, how far from this kid can I get my face? He would be choking himself the whole- I hate you! I hate you! And if I ever, like, slipped and dropped the leash, he- He was like, Im not your dog. He would just run. He would run like a slave, he would just take off. Thats how he ran. Its an apt description. Thats how he ran. He didnt run like a deer. This is how a deer… He ran like this. He ran away so many times and then wed get a call from the pound. Hi, we have your dog. And you could hear my dog in the background, like, Dont- Seriously? I told you I dont wanna… Ive never been a big animal person. Some animals I hate. Uh, bats, I think bats are just disgusting. I hate bats. I hate-Its a rat with leather wings. You ever seen one and they, like, look around? Its like, somebody, you know? They have a face. Its disgusting. I hate bats. And Im sure theres a whole thing of- Oh, did you know that bats make all the French toast in the world, or whatever? I dont care. I hate them. I had a bad bat experience. This summer, I was, uh- We rented a house this summer, I got a house for me and the kids. My ex wife and I- We share custody of the kids, and so this summer, I had half- One month they go with her, one month with me, so I got a nice house in the country and it was beautiful, the kids loved it, but the kids go to sleep at, you know, 8:00 at night. So Im just laying awake, terrified. Terrified. Im so scared in the country, cause its just quiet and its just mystery. And trees and darkness. I live in New York City, I feel perfectly safe there. Im surrounded by murderers and child molesters and Jews. Sorry. I mean, there are, there are a lot. Theres a bunch of those, but… So… So one night, Im in the country house and Im just laying- just laying awake, just begging for the fucking sun to come up so I can sleep through my days with the kids. And Im laying awake and Im- My bedrooms above the kitchen and I- Suddenly I hear this- I swear to God, I heard this sound, I heard… I heard that, like, clear as a bell. And immediately, my heart is pounding. Im like, Im going to have a heart attack right now, because there is a witch in the kitchen. First of all, there are witches. I have no doubt, in that moment, theres witches. Thats how easy it was to flip me over. There are witches. And theres one in the kitchen, and I gotta go down there. I gotta-I cant just, eh, shell get- They like kids, shell get the kids. So I go downstairs, Im terr-Terrified. And Im standing outside the kitchen door like this, for like, an hour. Too scared to go in, until a little bit of logic seeped in and told me, even if there is a witch in there, she wouldnt just make a noise and then just stand there for, like, an hour. So I go in, theres nobody in the kitchen. And then I hear the noise again, and it was the dishwasher. The dishwasher has weird tubes and when the soap goes through em, its kind of vocal, I dont know why, but it goes… It was the weirdest thing, to watch my dishwasher do it. I was like, all right, its cool. Im fine, theres no witches. Im about to go upstairs, and a- And a bat, a fucking asshole bat picked that moment- Hes like, ha ha! And he just flew right- right by my head, like this, and I just-I went, Aaah! And I just fell on the floor. Aaah! And I immediately, I crawl into the closet, I closed the door and I called 911 right away. I dont know if youve ever called 911 and you dont realize until they answer how you shouldnt be calling 911? 911, tell us your emergency. I-Im sorry, Im very sorry to be bothering you. This doesnt qualify. The ladys like, Sir, whats the problem? I said, Theres a bat in my house. And I dont like it. But she was nice to me, cause its country 911. If you call 911 in New York City, theres a bat in my house! Theyll be like, Sir, well send a car right over to shoot you in the face. But she was nice, shes like, Sir, we understand, youre divorced, youre overcompensating with the country house. Youre in over your head. She said, call this guy, she gave me a number, she said, call this guy, hes a guy who takes care of bats. Hes a man whos, uh- bats are his focus. I felt like she was doing a lot of work to not say bat man. Like she was kind of going around… Hes a male human who bats are his… Im not gonna say bat- I dont wanna say it. So I called the bat man… …and he comes over and Im in the closet looking through the crack, at- The bat is on the ceiling, hanging upside down, hes just looking around. The most disgusting thing. And so finally, theres a knock at my door and I go, I crawl to the door and I open it and hes like, hello. And he says, Wheres the bat? And Im like, Ehhh… So the guy walks over and he just takes the bat. Thats it. He just took it. Hes like, all right? Yeah, you pretty much nailed it. Thats amazing. Its like I called somebody and said, Help, theres a box of tissues on my table! Oh, thank goodness. What a relief, to have a man in the house. Would you like some sweet tea? I wasnt expecting company. Ooh, my robe fell open. He saw my breasts. Ooh. What do we do now? Mr. bat man? You know, Im kind of grateful to that bat now, now that youre going to fuck me. Youre not? Well, all right, you can go, then. I cant- I cant get out of it. Im sorry. I just like to keep doing that til the laughter stops. Fuck, hes really- This is getting upsetting. What if I just did that for, like, 40 minutes? Well, if you werent gonna help me, then why did you come over? Im alone here all day and I hardly can handle it anymore. All right, all right. So… No, no. No, dont do that. Dont do that. I was, um… I was in New York one time, I was on the subway platform and I saw two rats, uh, and they were fucking. And I never saw that before. Im like, oh, shit. Theres two rats fucking right there. And so I watched em, um, cause you can watch rats fuck. Its not a big deal. You dont have to go, like… You can really just totally just watch em. Hmm, I see. Anyway, Im watching em, Im just curious. I mean, it wasnt… surprising how they do it. Its not like shes on top going, mmm. Mmm. Mmm, mmm, mm. Thank you. I love it, I love it. Ooh! I think this is a Japanese rat Im doing, I dont know. Ooh, its so good to fuck you! Ohh! Come on, Ricky, do me! I dont know, all right. Anyway, it wasnt anything like that. It was a pretty standard rat fuck. Just, hes on top, kinda smushing her into the pavement and shes like… And Im watching em, just- I mean, I didnt, like, miss my train. Just, while I was there. Cause I was- I was curious. It didnt turn me on, I was just curious. Cause I want to know, what is it gonna be like when he comes. Thats what I wanted to know. What is it like when a rat comes? Is it, like, uh- Is it just a biological thing, just a dispassionate, kinda just, meh! And then he just goes home? Or is it like, Yeah, fucking yeah! Is it like, Aww… Is it, you know? Is it ecstasy? Is it an orgasm? I told that story to a friend of mine. She was like, Well, what about the girl rat? What about her orgasm? Why didnt you empower her and wonder how she comes? What, are you crazy? Girl rats dont come. Theres no way the girl gets to come when rats fuck. First of all, hes not gonna hold out for her. Hes not that kinda dude, you can tell. He didnt give a shit. Hes gonna fuck her and leave, he doesnt even know her name. Hes not sitting there waiting for her and trying to think of things to not come, like giant garbage bags with no food in them or whatever. And even if he did, shes on a subway platform in front of people. Shes not gonna be able to get to that place, that inside place, that girl rats need to find their orgasm. Cause I know what girl rats need. I know how to make a girl rat come. I do, you just pick em up and hold em upside down and just… Just to be clear, what I was doing there… I just want to make sure you know. I spit in her mouth while I played with her little asshole. Dont judge her, thats what she likes. I did it for her. I was watching The Wizard of Oz with my daughters and- I know thats- I know thats, uh- Thats a weird couple of stories to put together. Fingering a rats asshole to orgasm and watching The Wizard of Oz with my daughters, but they happened to have happened one right after the other. Most things that I do, I do right after I made a rat come. Thats what I do at night. Its my- Its the only way I try to help. All right. So I was… Let me just tell you this first. I was, uh, I was at a place to- eating dinner in New York and I heard these two women talking and one of em is talking about the guy shes dating. They were about 21 years old, like, NYU students, and so shes talking about it and, you know, a lot of times Ill hear this, a woman talking about the guy shes dating and she runs down the stuff thats not satisfying, the things she doesnt like. Shes like, Hes just, you know, I text him and he, like, he doesnt, like, respond right away and then, when he does, its like, whatever, so thats weird. And then, like, I saw him and hes just being weird. And so then he, like, calls me, hes like, Im sorry Im weird. Its, like, weird, right now. And I was like, whatever. And then we had sex. And its just weird. And then Im listening cause I wanted to know, what is her friend gonna say? I want to know what kind of friend she has, you know. And her friend just says, Hes a piece of shit. Hes a piece of shit. Hes not good enough for you, cause youre amazing. Youre amazing. So he just cant handle how amazing you are. And I remember thinking, that is a shitty friend. Thats not a good friend. That is not a good way to approach life. Im amazing! And anybody who doesnt text me back is just- cant handle how amazing I am. I mean, shes a student. She cant be- Shes not Nelson Mandela, shes in college. She-Im sure shes fine, but youre amazing, the way you… take classes. What is- What is so amazing? Shes kinda boring, hes kind of a douche, so its fine. Theyre fine. You need to know that youre boring a little bit. Its important. Self love is a good thing, but self awareness is more important. You need to, once in a while go, oh, Im kind of an asshole. You have to have that thought once in a while, or youre a psychopath. You know like when you say to a friend of yours, Youre being an asshole and theyre like, No, Im not. Well, its not up to you if youre an asshole or not. Thats up to everybody else. You dont get to say no to that. Youre an asshole. No, Im not. Oh, sorry, I thought- Okay, Im glad I checked. I guess youre not. If somebody tells you youre an asshole, you should go, Oh, shit. All right, what happened, how did I get here? Its like somebody saying, you know, You got something on your face.  No, I dont. Its like America- I feel like America is, like, the worlds worst girlfriend. America is like a terrible girlfriend to the rest of the world, cause when somebody hurts America, she remembers it forever, but if she does anything bad, its like it- What? It did- I didnt do anything. America, why do you keep bombing those people in Yemen and all these- Well, its cause 9/11, okay? 9/11, so shut up, assholes. Okay, but you killed hundreds of thousands of people, so I think you can- Yeah, no, but 9/11. Fuck you. You dont even understand. Yeah, but youre torturing people. I-It wasnt even torture, oh, my God. Hes such a baby. I didnt even do anything to him. And… And Im saying this about women cause Im a guy. Women might say this about- that this is what guys are like. Thats just what its like, you know, because I think racism and sexism are very different. To me, racism is just a mistake. Its like, just an error. It doesnt really make any sense, we can just do away with it, but sexism isnt going anywhere, cause sexism is way deep the fuck down inside, so its just the way we feel about each other. Its, Ahh, women! Women! Women! Women! Women! Women! And youre like, Men! Men, men! Men! Men! Men! Men! Men! Anyway, so Im watching The Wizard of Oz with my daughters. Is that enough of a palate cleanser? All right. Im watching The Wizard of Oz, I dont know if youve seen it, its about a little girl named Dorothy, a very sweet little girl played by an alcoholic older lady, who, uh… Lives in Kansas, she has a dog, shes very upset. And she keeps telling- My dog! And everybodys like, This is a farm. Were working. Leave us alone. And then theres a tornado and they all run inside and they barely look for her. Its unbelievable. It was so upsetting to me when I was a kid to see this movie, cause Auntie Em is like, Dorothy! Okay, fuck it. And she just goes right inside. Bolts the door. Unbelievable. So Dorothy goes up to Oz. So heres the thing, I was watching it the other night, and theres this one moment that really stunned me. Its when Ray Bolger, who played the Scarecrow, he just got ripped apart by flying monkeys and hes very upset and he has this performance thats way over the top, even for this movie. Do you remember that moment? The Tin Man comes over. What happened? And hes like, Well, first they tore my arms off and they threw them over there! And then they tore my legs off and they threw them over there! And Ive seen this movie a thousand times, but for some reason this time, that moment made me go, Oh, shit! Ooh! That was a lot. And I started to wonder if Victor Fleming, the guy who directed The Wizard of Oz, if he had a moment during the filming of the movie where he was, like, I think I gotta have a word with Ray, cause thats getting to be a lot. All right, let him- Just let him do another one. Okay, action! What happened? Well, first they tore my arms off and they threw them over there! And then they tore my legs off. They threw them over there! Okay, cut! Comes over. Uh… So listen. Ray… Yes? Eh, youre fine. You guys have been great, thanks a lot for coming. I hope you enjoyed it. Thank you very much! Thank you!
