
KENNY SEBASTIAN@DON T BE THAT GUY@2017@Make some noise for Kenny Sebastian. Oh my God. Thank you so much Mumbai. Thank you. Thank you. Really. How are you guys doing? Oh shit. Let s do this. Come on guys. It s the Royal Opera House, guys. The Royal Opera House. Yeah, it s a big deal. I know none of you know the history but it s a big deal. I took bath twice for this. Is that even possible? Apparently it is. Yes. The Royal Opera House, the great deal and it s a big occasion because I ve just turned 26. Yeah. I have. I don t know why people cheer for that. Because they re like, Hey, he s going to die soon. Yaay! Yea, I am going to die soon. Yes, it s crazy. Like 26… You won t believe it, I was 19 once. It s nice, like at 26. You know, it s kind of difficult. I don t dance as much. You know. At 19, I used to dance the best. Because at 19 you don t care about anyone else. That s the best way to dance. Dance like no one s watching applies for women who are great at dancing. Men should stop. Please. Because for men, anything which is not standing is dancing. It s not a good enough bar, okay. I m like, Bro, there is music. Dance, no.  Bro, I m dancing. That s not dancing guys. It is just so painful to watch. But at 19 when you go to a club, it s great. You re already having fun because you re already high. Yeah, right? Because at 19 when you go out, one guy will have a great plan, Bro, why are we spending 400 bucks on drinks in the club? When we can drink on the way, bro. What do you want to drink? Whatever gets me high fast. It s the best. You are just like neat, neat, neat, neat. It s awesome. At 26 you have preferences. Can I have a Jack and Coke but diet Coke, please. Oh they don t have diet Coke. What kind of a barbaric place is this? I can t have Jack with… Wine for me. At 19 it s great. And by any chance if you re still not high you re like, Bro! Shots!?  Sir, what kind of shots?  Uh, shots!?  Sir, how many shots?  Uh, shot-shots!?  Can you stop shouting, sir? Can you please stop shouting? You don t care and at 19 there s no like, Shots? What is this? Petroleum? Yeah! It s the best. Petroleum shots. It s bad for the environment, good for the dancing. It s awesome. You just dance like the club is yours. You re like, Whoo! Yeah, my friends and me. It s our night. At 26 you re like, Ssh! We are the loudest table here, guys. But at 19 you don t care. At 19 you re there with your friends. It s your night, it s about you. At 19 I never felt cold… because my ego kept me warm. It s so nice. When you grow older you become open minded so you lose heat. Give me a neck warmer. I read a book today. You know so… At 19, you enter the club like, Whoo! Let s make a circle guys! Yeah! Let s make a circle. It s such an awesomely unique idea, bro! Other guy s like, Bro, how do you even come up with these awesome ideas? Do you have a book or something?  Yeah bro, it s my brain. Okay guys, let s all together do the leg thing. The leg thing. Guys, are we forgetting something? Bollywood. Arjun, get it right Arjun.  I m not getting the rhythm.  Arjun, get it right! We practised this bro. Arjun, it s fine. Now we re going to do a new thing. Centre solo dance! Go to the centre. Go to the centre.  Bro, why are you making so many rules dude?  Have a shot, bro! It s awesome. It s nice. At 26, you dance though. I dance once in awhile. Like, go to the club. I m like, Hey! Nice beats. I ll go shake a bit. And then I remember I have to pay rent, then I stop. Deduct it from my soul. Yeah so! There are certain advantages though. At 26 you can say no very confidently… to your friends. Because at 19 you were saying no to your parents like left and right. It s very ironic, at 19 the only two people who give a shit about you genuinely are your parents. But you hate them! Because they care about you and shit. It s damn annoying, right. Why do they care about you so much? At 19, you used to go for a party, they ll be like, At least eat something…  Mom, why do you care about my nutrition so much? Oh my God. Shit, mom. I m late for my party. Mom! Why do we have so many doors in our house? I hate you, mom. Is that Hogwarts? I m not a wizard, I want to be a DJ. You never let me follow my dream, mom. Yeah! But there are certain things that I ve gotten over at 26. Like… You know, I m not… I don t have stage fright anymore. It s my job. So… I can t come on stage and be like, No, no! I can t today. I can t do that. It ll be a bad show. But I still feel shy though. When I m around really pretty women. You know… Yeah, I feel all awkward and shit. I mean I don t want that reaction or anything. I don t know. Don t worry, I m not feeling shy today. So it s fine. Oh! Did he just say that? Did he just? Did a comedian just make a joke? All the guys are like, Brutal bro! All the women are like, Really? Freaking asshole. Have you even seen me? Have you even seen me? What is this shit lighting? Give me bathroom lights. I ll show you, you son of a bitch. How dare you say that? How dare you say that, Kenny? Wow! We re not pretty enough for him? You know how much shit I put on my face? My mother doesn t recognise me now, yeah! I put some eye liner, some mascara, I put eyelashes to the sun roof, bitch. How dare you say that? I m not pretty enough it seems. I put like eye shadow from light to dark, dark to light, four dimensional eye shadow. You son of a bitch. I met my grandfather. He s doing well. I straightened my hair and I lost four of my fingers. But I ll still climb the Himalayas, you son of a bitch. It s just a joke. I don t need that. I don t need that. It s just a joke. Because women, they re-invent themselves. Whenever they go anywhere, it s like how can I be better for this new venue? This new place. You enter a bathroom, a new person comes out. I m like, Excuse me, have you seen my friend Tina? Oh you re Tina. Shit! Oh! Okay! Awesome. It s crazy. Guys when they go inside the bathroom, first question is do I really need to wash my hands? Do I? And second is why am I even wearing clothes, bro? Because guys as they get older, they just want to get naked. Look at your dad at home. Your dad hates wearing clothes. Yeah! He just hates wearing clothes. When guests come home, your mom is like, What impression will we make? Your dad is like, I have to wear clothes now? No! No! It s like you got a bear from the wild. And you are teaching him how to live in civilisation. It s crazy, I know. That is the true evolutionary stage of men. They dance and they get naked. So I feel shy around women. You know there are really pretty intimidating women, right. You guys know what I m talking about. Oh so, everyone s a player. Okay. I m sorry guys. I m sorry for looking stupid. All the guys are like, Bro, what you re talking about? What is this shy shit? Shy? Bro that s not in my dictionary. I m so hot, when I step out on the road, a truck full of women come and I m like, No, thanks and I moonwalk home. Yeah! That s how cool I am, Kenny. Shy? I m not shy. Yeah? That s why I hate asking for opinions from guys in a group. Guys are amazing people one on one. They are amazing people. Have conversations with them one on one. The moment you put them in a group, they ll be like… Just. They are the worst people. Like women who are dating guys, you know what I am talking about. Your boyfriend one on one with you, is super emotional. They ll be like, Baby, I just wanna say you mean the world to me, baby. Can you hold my hand while I talk to you? Can you hold my hand? I just wanna say the past eight months have become the best eight months. Can you do that finger thing? Can we do that finger thing? I just wanna say that… My friends… Like me and Gopal have been friends for like eight years. But your eight months feel like a life time baby. It is not even the physical thing, it s just the cuddling. You know you make me… You make me feel warm. You know? Like you know me better than my parents too, you know. I can tell you stories that I can t tell anybody. Baby, just… You re my princess, I m your prince, I just want to say that. I just want to say that. And suddenly, his guy friends come like, Bro, this Neha is being so clingy, bro! Shit! E-M-O, Emo! Let s go and drink bro! Bro there are so many doors in this house, man. Hogwarts? Can we party? No! Shit. No DJ. It just sucks. Sucks man. That s why I hate asking guys about any trip they have taken to Goa. Goa is the number one bullshit story manufacturer. No one is going to give you a truthful story. Yes, can we have a round of applause for that. Yes. Yes. I am not even going to go to Thailand, okay. Those stories, Jesus. They should be published as novels. Guys just bullshit… I m like, Hey man! You went for a trip somewhere right? He s like, Yeah, man.  Where did you go?  Goa. – Okay, I don t want to know. It s fine.  Hey bro, listen bro! Bro listen, no. Let me tell you a story, bro. Something happened, dude. And now you are too interested. Okay bro, what happened tell me.  No, you don t know.  Okay, tell me.  So I am sitting in the shack. It s a beach, right. I m sitting in the shack, bro. Looking at the beach, bro. Having noodles, bro. Cuz I m a chill kinda guy, bro. Just eating my noodles. Having a beer, cuz I m a chill kinda guy. Suddenly Kenny, I see these two girls in front of my table. They re looking at me, dude. They re looking at me, dude. They re still looking at me, dude. Two Russian chicks, bro. Two Russian…  Okay wait. Two Russian chicks. You re sitting in a shack, having noodles. Which is obviously the most attractive thing you can do. And two Russian women are staring at you?  Yeah, bro. Listen. Anyway, I m sitting and eating noodles cuz I m a chill kinda guy. Just eating. Suddenly they get up, bro. They come towards me and they re like, Excuse me, but you re really cute.  Of course. Two Russian women get up. Come to you and say excuse me, but you re cute.  Yea, bro. Let me tell, no. She s like hey do you want to go to a club? We could dance. Why should I be rude? I got up, paid the bill… Tipped also and then… We went to a club. So these three Russian women are just grinding…  Wait, you said two Russian women.  Bro, can you listen to the story bro. Can you listen to the story, bro?  Yes. Then what happened?  So these five Russian women are just grinding on me.  Please continue.  So these 1400 women are just like surrounding me… I m like, Okay! Enough. Enough… of this bullshit! So when I say the word shyness, women think I m talking about this emotion. No, no! That s what kids feel. Guys stop feeling that emotion after fifth standard when we discovered something amazing. Yeah! So, what happens is after fifth standard, that shyness, it evolves into like a new emotion. It becomes hyper awareness. This amazing term is coined by me. Basically what happens is when a guy, an adult male is in a room and an amazingly stunning woman enters the room. His brain is like… *Siren wailing* But he acts calm, he s like, What? It s all cool. But what he s doing is, he is scanning the entire room in 3D. Like the moment she enters, he knows exactly where she is standing. And then guys come up with this hypothetical situation. They re like, What if… What if… She doesn t know me. She doesn t know how amazing I am. What if… She bumps into me. What s the sexiest thing you can do, Kenny? She d be like, Hey what s the time?  The time? The time is 10:10 pm baby. Okay let s try that again. She bumps into you, sexiest thing you can do. Excuse me. – Excuse you. This happens 4000 times in one second. So recently I had to do a photoshoot. Okay. I m like great, I like photoshoots. But then the director s like, Hey, a supermodel is going to be shooting with you. I m like, No! No! What? Why would he do that? Because then I have to be the best version of myself. Which is fake because human instinct is, the moment you meet someone better than you, you re like, Let me not be myself. I always put my hand in my life pocket. This is my hand, yes this is… You become hyper aware, you take a bath twice. You comb your hair. When you laugh, nervously spit comes out and you apologise. Oh shit! No, no! That s not my spit. Usually my laughs are very dry. You just… I don t know what happens to your body. You just… The body just freezes up. So she was going to come for the photoshoot. So I m waiting in the photo studio. And there are four light guys with me. I m like, Come on, you can do this Kenny. You can do this. And then suddenly I hear her footsteps. She reaches the door. As she reaches the door… the door melted. Because the door was like, I don t want to be an obstacle. It just fell. It couldn t take it. I ll be a floor now. It just fell. And as she entered, the light guys who were with me for 45 minutes, who didn t give a shit about my presence. The moment she walks in, they turned all the lights toward her like… It s a small light. It s a small light. She is shining bright. She is super bright. As she is walking towards… there was a guy next to the door who had asthma and he was like, coughing. The moment she passed him, he was cured and he was doing asanas *Ancient Breathing exercises* I m like, what? As she is walking closer, there was a guy with leprosy who was struggling to walk. She bumps into him and he gets cured and he starts doing squats. He won bronze for the Indian Olympics. What is happening? She is walking towards me. This symbol of perfection. Guys, by this time my brain has fused twice. My brain can t handle such stunningness. If that s even a word. So I m just standing there like… ? Oh you of Distant Land ? ? Oh you of Distant Land ? ? Oh you of Distant Land ? Then she walks towards me because she is so sweet. She s like, Oh hi. You must be Kenny. Nice to meet you. And I m like, The time is 10:10 pm baby! I m very tensed. So then there was this one part of the photoshoot, which really happened. So the camera was there. She is standing here, facing the camera. I m standing behind her, facing the camera. It s a simple shot. I m like great, I don t need to look at her. That s great. Director s like, One, two, three… Click. Then I heard another sound. *fart noise* Then the first wave hit me. My brain refused to believe that she did this. I was like, No! No! It can t be. It must be the window. There must be a mass rat burial outside. I said the first wave. The second wave hit me and this was not kind. It was silent but powerful. Like the great Tsunami. Just hit me. My soul came out. It s some Doctor Strange shit. Guys, my eyes started watering. What shocked me was the nonchalantness of this lady. Because even I had farted like five times by then. But I am intelligent about it. I m like, Hey! What s that window? *fart noise* Ah okay, cool. Sweet. Hey can I have the juice? Sure. *fart noise* Oh cool. That s how you do it. Yeah, that s how I was taught by the great elders. But this woman was just like… *fart noise* Civilisations destroyed. I was like, respect bro. After she did that, I was like, Hey you are like me only. Come let s chill. Let s chill. That s great. So guys, my dating advice is that every time you re on a date and you get intimidated just feed her beans. And you ll fart, I mean live happily ever after. But like as I said, I am 26. I don t know if you guys know that. It s not like I keep bringing it up. And it s nice. I have my own apartment now. It s a nice apartment in Bandra. And I share the apartment with two other comedians. So the sarcasm level is so high. That when you enter you get dehydrated. It s just… so dry. So dry. It gets very tough. And the house is damn dirty. But it is okay now. It was a mess before but now we have an angel in our lives. Who makes everything better. I m obviously talking about the maid. By the way the correct term is… Not maid, it s sister. [man from audience] Housekeeping. Housekeeping? It s not a hotel. Hello! Housekeeping?  Hey, shut your face. Oh sorry. Housekeeping? You stay in like South Bombay or something. What the hell is happening? Are you the President s daughter? So, didi comes home at 9:55 am. This time was not decided by us. It was decided by her. Because like fools we decided to challenge her. I m like, You know didi, 9:55 is too early. Can you come at 10?  I have two little children in my house for crying out loud.  Oh, I am so sorry. We ll come to your house. Forget it. It s cool. We are moving, guys. So my maid comes at 9:55 am. And there is a correct way of opening the door when the maid comes. It s less than one second of eye contact. It s basically like this. *Doorbell rings* That s it. Got to keep it casual. If you do anything less than one second, it looks like you are pissed off with her for no reason. *Doorbell rings* Don t do that. That s rude. But if you do anything more than one second, things get a little weird. *Doorbell rings* Don t do that. Don t be that guy, don t be creepy. So she comes home. Certain times she doesn t come home. Because she has a reason. But usually it s a very emotional reason. She ll be like, I am not coming to work for two days! Okay. Why? And it s usually death related. Because they come from such a hard background, right. Like all their reasons are like death related. For us the worst reason not to go to work is… Stomach is paining. I put food in my mouth. It s coming out now. It s warm. That s the worst reason. We re like, Why aren t you coming to work for two days?  Someone straight up died in my house.  Who died in your house?  Don t know, some guy came over at night and didn t wake up in the morning. Okay. Why are people coming into your house and dying? I AM NOT COMING TO WORK. It s fine. Take three days off, it s fine. And we re cool with it because we can t make out the emotional BS. But our female friends can. Because women have high EQ. They can sense the emotional BS. Bullshit. When our female friends come home and they get pissed. They ll come home and be like, Kenny, where is the maid? Where is the maid?  Oh, she took three days off.  Oh yeah. Why may I ask?  Oh, actually someone passed away in her house.  Oh, last week also two people died. Diwali festival also ten people will die or what? I m like, Woah! Calm down. The worst culprit of this is my mom. My mom is the sweetest, warmest, cuddliest panda there is. Super warm and caring. She is actually a panda. We stole her from China. So please don t tell anybody. She s endangered so they might take her away. I m half panda by the way. Yeah, I find it very difficult to get up in the morning. So my mom is super sweet and caring. Except when the maid comes. When the maid comes home, my mom turns into a gangster. From the ghetto. She is like the Godfather s Godmother. No seriously, it gets very like… We ll be at home chilling, my mom is being very sweet and suddenly the maid comes home and the bell rings. *Doorbell rings* And she turns into a gangster, guys. She goes to the middle of the room and she s like… My maid comes and she s full scared. She s like, Oh no! And my maid s also a gangster. She s also damn badass. Like if you put a gun in front of her, she ll be like, Get out of here. We have tried. But she is scared of my mom. My maid, like she doesn t even want much from my mom. She doesn t even want the salary. All she wants is eye contact. Because if you get eye contact from my mom as a maid, that s the highest form of honour. It s like knighthood. So my maid, poor thing, she does the whole mopping of the house. She s goes to my mom like, Aunty, so I did the floor. It s all clean. It s all clean. And my mom is like… *beatboxes* Who s going to do the dishes, bitch? *beatboxes* And my maid s like, Shit, I forgot the the dishes. She runs to the kitchen, she does the dishes. She takes two metals, combines them and makes a new alloy. Just to impress my mom. She makes a new dish. She cleans the window because the windows are genuinely dirty. And then she goes, cleans the neighbour s house. Then she starts an NGO for maids… named after my mother. The Mrs. Sebastian foundation. And she goes back to my mom and like, Okay. Did the dishes, did the window. Did the neighbour s house, NGO. Also, we solved string theory. Because we forgot that the light behaves like a wave and entropy we didn t even calculate. Then mom s like… *beatboxes* Who s going to make rotis, bitch? And I m behind her, like a Hype-Man… Go mama, it s your birthday. We re gonna party like it s your birthday. *beatboxes* It s crazy. It s crazy in my house. Because I didn t know my mom could beatbox. I didn t. She s amazing at it. So I am encouraging her talents. I m pushing her to college fests. Yeah, so you if see sick-beat-panda, that s my mom. *beatboxes* Kenny is my son, he is lame, I m a sick panda I m changing the game. It s crazy. Yeah. My mom just came up with that. Feel like she shouldn t call me lame though. It s awesome. But it gets very tense. It gets very tense in my house. When the holy trifacta happens. Which is me, the maid and my mom. It gets very tense. It s like a mission impossible film. Where only the mission matters. Which is cleaning the goddamn house. Everyone is just in the way man, the sofa, the house, the walls, oxygen. She is just focused. And then it s crazy like we re at home and I m chilling at home. I am chilling at home. My mom catches me. Kenny, what are you doing?  Mom, I live here?  What are you doing in this room?  Existing?  Don t act smart with me, Kenneth. Where is the maid?  She is in the top floor.  So why are you not with her?  I don t know, I just want to be single for a while. So…  Why are you not with her in the room?  Why would I be with her in the room?  What if she steals the TV?  She s been with us for 28 years, mom. Why would she steal the TV?  I ve heard stories though. Go watch her clean. Now I have to do this weird thing where I enter the room to evaluate my maid s work. I have no purpose of being there. So I am just walking like that. My maid s like cleaning. Get out of here. Seema gets very aggressive, I mean didi gets very aggressive. Recently, I don t know if you guys know this, I turned 26. I don t know if I brought it up. And I ve grown guys. I ve grown. I am a former nice guy. Yeah. I m sorry, I hate to say this. I used to be a nice guy but then I just realised, no point because for some reason people told me that, Hey! Respect people if you want to be respected. Some shit like that. Some mumbo-jumbo guys. Don t do that. Just think about yourself. The 19 year old thing is the best. Niceness is not rewarded at all. Niceness is not rewarded. I ll give you an example. When I go to a store, I m like, Sir, this sim card is not working. And he s like, Oh! I just noticed you re a nice person. Let me ignore you for the next one hour. Suddenly an asshole walks in, WHAT SHITTY PHONE!  Sir, please stand here. Please stand in the front of the line. Yeah. Let me give you the attention you don t deserve. Niceness is not rewarded. In college, who was the professor you respected the most? The strict one or the nice one? The strict one because they take your case, man. The nice teacher will be like, Okay students, when you learn, I learn. And you re like, This guy is weak, bro. He s soft. Okay, Monday we ll mass bunk. Let s watch him cry. It ll be awesome. Niceness is not rewarded. I have a proposal. I have a proposal. We need to take the last remaining nice guys and we have to put them somewhere to protect them. We have to protect them because nice people can t protect themselves. If nice people protect themselves, they become rude. If they are rude, they are not nice anymore. Shit, I figured this out. So what do we do? We have to build a dam. Build a nice dam, put all of them inside. Call it damn nice. Just put all of them inside that. Let s protect them and only release them when it s really important. Don t worry, like no one will get out. Because they ll be like, How can we leave without saying bye? So no one will leave. Everyone will stay inside, protected forever. And we can all be outside and be mean, Hey dickhead! Just do all that. It won t affect them. They ll be protected. It breaks my heart because recently I met the nicest guy ever. He was my Uber driver. Nicest Uber driver on the planet. I knew he was nice because this is how he answered the phone. Hello! Like his voice was so nice. That the sound waves that came out of his mouth apologised to air for using it as a medium. Yeah. His sound waves were like, Sorry! Am I taking up air molecules? I just have to propagate, I m sorry. Cosmic rays? Bye, okay. Gamma say hi. Okay. If I m troubling you, I ll just reflect off the wall and go into the universe. It s fine. I won t come back. Bye! That s how nice he was. I m like, Sir, where are you? He s like… You know what? I ll come to where you are. So I went to where he was. I sat inside his car, he starts doing this. He looks at me and he s like. He starts pulling his chair forward. Customer satisfaction is number one. If it was up to him, he would ve sat on the windshield and driven like this. He s too nice. Broke my heart. We re driving and it s a fifteen minute journey. Okay. And here s the thing. Nice people can t ignore phone calls. Okay. They can t ignore your phone ringing also. So I am sitting in the cab. And I m like let me start a conversation with this guy. I m like, Hey! What s your name?  Sir! Gopal, sir. Because he thought if he looks at the mirror, the mirror will reflect to my eyes and it might burn me. So he looks down. Yes sir. My name is Gopal. I m like, So, how did you get into this?  It s my sister s wedding. So I had to make some money and nicely it went. My sister s wedding. I m like, So nice. And my phone starts ringing. *Phone ringing* And Gopal is like… *Phone ringing* Gopal, you were telling me about your sister.  No sir, your phone s ringing. *Phone ringing* Gopal, it s fine. Just talk to me. *Phone ringing* What if it s important, sir?  Gopal, we are talking. That s important. *Phone ringing* There are only three rings left. I counted.  It s okay, Gopal.  What if someone s dying, sir? *Phone ringing* I m like, Gopal. If someone was dying and the last person they call is me. They deserve to die. What is so important that as they are dying they re like, Bro! Can you just tell me that middle class restaurant joke… It s a self referential joke. As he was driving, his phone rings. Because Uber has this new thing where right before you end your trip, the next customer can call you because there isn t enough pressure in life already, right. So as he is driving, his phone rings. Nice people can t ignore phone calls. He immediately picks up the phone and an auto-rickshaw hits us from the back. It hits us from the back. And Uber doesn t cover that cost. It s his money, he has to cover it. And this is how this man reacts to an auto hitting his life savings. I m like at least get angry, bro. You deserve that emotion. Then he turns to me and he s like, Sir, an auto hit us sir. So I have to go out. I m like, Thank you for keeping me in loop… of a situation I am already part of. So sweet you are. I know, go out.  Sir, if you don t mind I ll go outside and handle it.  You will handle it? You will handle it? You nice person. Nice people can t get into traffic arguments. You can t because when you could get into traffic arguments, you have to channel your inner demon like… Like the minimum decibel level to take part in the traffic argu- HEY MOTHERF- That s the minimum decibel I know. That s how you say hi. Is just like… good evening. So this guy was going to handle this. He opens the door, he gets out. I m not kidding, this is true. The moment he steps out, it starts raining. Because the universe is like, Hmm! How can I make this more depressing? What filter should I put? Sepia? No. Sepia is too cliché. Hmm, rain and despair? Perfect. Crop. So, he enters… It s raining, he is arguing with the auto driver and I don t know what s happening? I m sitting inside and then he enters the car, he is completely drenched. And he s like, Sir, okay! We can go now. I m like, I don t know what he did. Maybe he sold his house. As a sign of apology for just existing. Then we were driving and he is drenched, right. So he starts shivering. He turns to me and he s like. Sir, if you don t mind, can I switch off the AC? My tears had tears. It s so sad. I got off the car, I opened his door. Picked him up and put him in my arms. Put him on his bed. Put his bedsheet. And I built a dam around him. First customer, guys. First customer. Thank you. Can I play some music for you guys? Can you guys keep clapping till I get the guitar on stage? Hey guys. I have a guitar. And I have to talk in this sexy voice. I can t be like, Hello, today I will sing song for everybody, for the faculty members and the judges. You got to be like, Hey! It s going to be alright. Because I have a guitar. You could just sing anything, it doesn t matter. ? I have a guitar ? ? It s right next to me ? ? Right next to me ? ? I have a guitar ? ? That s how it works ? ? Because technically, ? ? without it it s air-guitar ? I don t even need words, I could just use vowels. ‘O is a great vowel for guitar songs. ? Oooooo! ? ? Oooooo! ? ? O! ? ? O! ? ? A-I-O-U! ? ? But I love you. ? No I don t. That s the lyrics. Please don t. I m sorry, it s fine because the guitar does that to you, you believe… You believe. How many of you guys can play the guitar? How many of you guys can play the guitar? Yeah? How many guys can t play the guitar? Give me a cheer. You guys are going to be super impressed. You ll be like, How is he touching and sound is coming? How? It s magic. It s magic. I have a request for the few people who play guitar, just one request. Can you guys be sad? It s a layered instrument. Please, have you seen happy guitarists? You know how annoying they are? Have you seen them? Please don t do that. It s damn annoying. Super annoying. Why are you so happy? Everyone is giving you attention already, right? The only reason you should be happy is when you are playing tabla because your life is screwed anyway. Tagda doom. I m never going to get laid. Diga doom doom. Eight years I took to learn this shit. Diga doom. Come do a musical face off, no one will touch me anyway. Diga doom doom doom. It is so sad. They make them play on the floor, dude. At least bro, give us something. Yeah here is one bed sheet, chill. One cushion? Yeah yeah. One cushion for the tabla, not for you. You have a guitar, it s just like… It s awesome. The next thing I m going to do, I m going to make an indie love song for you guys. Because that s the ultimate. No one can escape that. Men, women, small puppies. Oh, they die literally. Sing a love song to a puppy, they will explode. Two things which are incredible, meet. I ll stop now. So basically, an indie love song is in right now. Indie is independent music, anything that is not mainstream is indie. Yeah? Independent, mainstream? It s damn convenient for independent musicians, they re like… They hit a drum and they re like, It s art. Oh, you don t like it? That means you like mainstream? That means you re a horrible person, bro. It s damn convenient. It s damn convenient. So I am going to make an indie love song but you need two things. You need to be poetically negative and you have to be abstract. Poetically negative is when you just make happy things sad. Hey Kenny, you want to go for lunch?  You know there is emptiness, right?  Bro, I just asked for lunch, bro.  Hey Kenny, look at this puppy. It s so cute, no? It s happy.  Does it know that life will come to an eventual end?  It s just a puppy, dude. That s how you become negatively… poetically negative. It s a tough word. Next you have to be abstract. How to be abstract, you just talk about stuff that no one has any idea. I am listening but I have no idea what he is talking about. But it s great. Even the musician has no idea what he is talking about. So I am going to make a love song, can t be conventional. It can t be about a boy or a girl. It s going to be about… This water bottle. Did you even notice this water bottle? Don t lie. You were looking at me, you selfish. This is serving me, hydrating me. Did anyone say thank you to it? No. Your friends ask for water, you put it in their mouth. Seven other people ask, seven mouths it goes into. Did you ask for consent? Did you ask for consent? No. No one gives a shit. It serves you. After you re done with it, after it provides you with life nourishing water… What do you do? You throw it on the ground. And kids come and they re crushing it like, Yaay! I love the crushing sound. It s the sound of it dying, bro! I am sorry, I get very emotional. This song is for the water bottle, the ultimate nice guy. [Audience member] Woah! Yeah, it s all connected man. The universe. You, plants, spinal cord, have you seen that shit? It s crazy. So this love song is for the water bottle. So can we all clap like we re in a concert, yeah? Let s do this. But let s be sad also. ? I am sitting on a train ? Because trains are sad. They are because they take a long time to reach anywhere. You can carry anything, they don t care. Sir, it s a nuclear bomb.  Can you please hurry up? There is a line behind. Sorry. In a plane, Sir, it s a power bank.  He is a terrorist, arrest him. Trains are like, Sir, your nuclear warhead is hitting my leg from that time. Can you move it? Who uses uranium nowadays. ? I am sitting on a train ? ? While I am sitting on a train ? ? I look out the window ? Windows are also sad. Nothing good happens when you sit next to a window. The love of your life leaves you. Your parents come back home early. Seema, get out. My parents are here. Not my maid. ? I m sitting on a train ? ? I am sitting on a train ? ? I look out the window ? ? The trees look sad… ? Global warming. ? The clouds are albino ? ? Don t you know how I long for you ? ? The humidity is easily 32 ? ? Bottle, water bottle ? ? Bottle, water bottle ? ? H2O in a plastic bottle ? ? There is happiness ? ? There is sorrow ? ? I look at you ? ? You look at me with elation ? ? I think you re crying ? ? Or maybe it s just condensation ? ? Bottle, water bottle ? ? Bottle, water bottle ? Want to make it more indie? Yeah? Guys, let s put an alaap in this shit. Yeah, you gotta put an alaap, bro. Because most independent bands don t sound Indian. Hey, it s an American band.  No, it s Indian. So you got to put an alaap in this. There is reservation here also. Just put an alaap. Just ask your watchman to do it. ? Aaaaaa ? ? Aaaaaa ? ? Night… ? ? Morning… ? ? Evening… ? ? Early Afternoon… ? Do you want to make it more indie? I need audience participation up in this shit. You guys are an awesome audience, even you guys. Everybody. I need you guys because indie musicians, they don t have money, they have audience. So in every… In every… In every… This is a joke, I like them. They re sweet. You need audience participation. Every music concert, there will be this one part where the band is going to be like, Okay guys, for this next song, we need the audience. Come on, let s participate. Come on. I ll give you a patronising countdown. One, two, three and random syllables. O-O-O-O! We don t trust you. No, I will try to do something better. I ll give you a word, I ll give you ‘hey . It s a big responsibility, I know. I will say one, two, three but I am not patronising you. Sometimes the audience is little too confident. I m like, one, two, three… Hey bro, we got it. We re chill kinda crowd, bro. Chill kinda crowd. I know you guys can do it. We ll do it together, you have to say ‘hey . At the count of three. One, two, three. Hey! Hey! Hey! [Audience] Hey! [Audience] Hey! [Audience] Hey! [Audience] Hey! You guys are good. You guys are good, yeah. Guys, do you want to make it more indie? I don t think you can handle it. It s the ultimate hipster level. There s no coming back. This part is where you take a famous speech from history and you put a radio filter on it. Because radio filters make everything awesome. The speech from history has nothing to do with the song. It s just cool. Take a famous speech, but you guys have to still say ‘hey . I ll do the speech, you guys do ‘hey . Can we do this together? As one family, that never meets. Yeah? Okay, one, two, three. Hey! [Audience] Hey! [Audience] Hey! [Audience] Hey! [Audience] Hey! At the midnight hour As the world sleeps India will awaken, awaken, awaken… Then you take away everything and you bring back the sadness. ? I am sitting on a train ? ? I look out the window ? True indie songs, they stop mid-sentence. ? The trees look sad ? ? The cloud-? Thank you so much, I am Kenny Sebastian. You ve been a lovely audience. I am done for tonight. Thank you. Thank you guys. Thank you so much. It means a lot to me. Because the last audience didn t stand up.

ROY WOOD JR@FATHER FIGURE@2017@Look, I m probably not gonna live long enough to teach you everything you need to know, so let s just run through a couple things real fast. Number one, I need you to treat women with respect always. Even if you think you re right, be respectful. Number two, don t mix white and dark liquor. That s how you end up in the back of a police car. Speaking of which, get you a white friend. Black men with white friends are 38% less likely to be shot by the police. Are you listening? You just gonna stare at me. [baby cooing] You just gonna stare. That s what you re gonna do? This is serious stuff, man. I m gonna put this on video for you, and when you re old enough, you come back and watch it, deal? All right, deal. [audience cheering] Thank you, Frederick Douglass. [cheers and applause] But if we get rid of the Confederate flag… [laughter] [man] Yeah! …how am I gonna know who the dangerous white people are? I m just saying, the flag had a couple upsides. Let s just be real about it. I ain t saying keep it around, but I grew up in the South. I can t tell you how many times the Confederate flag came in handy. You stopping for gas at a strange place at 2:00 in the morning, you see that flag hanging from the window, you know this is not the place to get gas. And you keep it moving. What s the rush to get rid of the flag? Especially if you white. If you white, you should want to keep the flag for a little while longer so at least black folks will know you cool. ‘Cause if you white and you not an asshole, that s the one thing that helps us identify you. You get rid of that flag, we ll be– Mm-mmm. We got to figure out a way to know who the cool white people– Cool white people, we just got to start giving y all wristbands or handstamps. Just something you can show in a dark alley… let us know you down with the struggle. That d be cool. Give me your money, white dude! Like, Whoa, ahh, ahh, ahh!  I m so sorry, come on through. Come– come on through. No, they got the wristbands, they good. Listen, put this wristband on. This one over here, like– In case it go down, you wanna have that wristband on. Atlanta, what s going on? How y all doing, man? Y all good? [cheers and applause] Yeah, yeah. Thank you a lot, man. Love the South, man. I m from Birmingham, man. It s good to… [cheers and applause] Birmingham in here. Yeah, yeah, Birmingham in here. I love the South, man. You know, South, we got some tension. We got our issues, you know. I talked to my uncle about it. You know, my uncle. First thing we need to do is get rid of the N-word. My uncle don t like the N-word, my Uncle Derek. Hate the N-word, be trying to– My uncle trying to quit the N-word the way people try to quit cigarettes, a little bit at a time. It s a word. Ain t no cravings. Either you say it or you don t. My uncle be calling me every week with updates. I only said it four times this week. Mm-hmm. Only said that four times. Now, Sunday s my cheat day, cause I watch football. I got to say it. I got to say it on Sunday. Grown man drop a first down, I got to call him the N-word. That s just what it is. And this is my thing with the N-word, like– Like, at this point, black folks, like, if we trying to get stuff done politically in this country– We inching, we doing, we inching, we inching, but at this point, I think it s time for us to schedule a meeting with gay people, cause gay people get way more shit done than us. [applause] They don t mess around. Gay people shut shit down. They want something to go away, it s gone. They don t fool around, man. Every week, it s five, six new words you can t call gay people. Black folks, we ve been working on the N-word since 1804. We can t get one word out the American vocabulary. Gay people up to 37 words. We need to go to Panera and have a meeting with gay people, and have a soup and salad and figure this out. Yeah, that s how you figure out your issues, over soup and salad. You can t even say gay no more. That s how good gay people are. The only word left to address gay people by. You better not fumble that word in a sentence. That s your ass. You use gay in the wrong context at work and see if you don t have to go talk to Sylvia in HR. HR be on your ass immediately cause you mumbled gay one time the wrong way. You was by yourself when you said the shit and you still got in trouble. It s not like you was walking through the cubicles telling gay jokes, you was… You was in the break room, you was alone, and your chips got stuck and you cussed. That don t mean you a bad person, you was just hungry. You say anything when you re hungry. Every man in this room, we ve all been through it. Them chips get stuck at the top of the machine, and you try to jostle the machine a little bit. Them chips don t fall, ain t nobody got change for a dollar, so you can buy two packs, so you gotta shake… Give me the chips, you gay-ass machine!  Sylvia, line two. Sylvia, line two. Security to the break room, security to the break room. And that s it and you gone cause you called some chips gay. But that s the power of the gay agenda. They figured out a way to influence the political process of this country to make sure that their issues are at least heard. Even if people don t get the bills passed, they at least listen to em, and that s what I m trying to tell my uncle. You don t like the N-word, man, you wanna get rid of the N-word, this all you gotta do. Start calling gay people nigga s. [laughter and applause] It ll be gone tomorrow. Listen, I don t like it either, all right, but that s the best idea I got right now, okay? At least that s what I m gonna teach my son. I m a father figure. I got to show him the right way. They try to divide us on television, you know. But there s a lot of people that aren t black that s standing on the right side of issues that affect us. I appreciate those folks, you know. [applause] They don t get highlighted enough. There s plenty of people out there that care about black stuff. I done seen em, man. I went to– I went to a black history museum, I had a white tour guide. Hey, it threw me off for a second. I turned to the brother that was on the tour with me, I was like, Is this the dude? He s gonna do it? It was a white dude, it was a white dude telling me about my shit. And he was good! Yeah, I was trying to hate on him. By the end of the tour, I was like, Yo, bro, you did your thing, man. Straight up, fam, you do what you do. Hey, real quick, let me give you one of these wristbands real quick. Yeah, put that on. In case it go down, you want to wear that wristband. I know some folks got a problem with that. You don t want a white person at a black history museum, I understand that. Here s the thing. I m not saying they re better than a black tour guide. I think a black tour guide at a civil rights museum, I think they re better equipped to speak on the experience, because they might ve lived that life, they can speak to certain exhibits from a perspective that nobody else can. I just think if you go to a black history museum and you got a black tour guide, you need to go in the morning while he s still in a good mood. ‘Cause that brother is stressed. You can t walk around slavery all day for eight hours and not cuss at somebody. [cheers and applause] Somebody getting cussed. You gotta catch him at 9:00 a.m. He just finished that McGriddle. How y all doing? My name is Charles, it s my pleasure to take you on this journey. Look at these exhibits right here. Black history is American history. Come look at the exhibits. You think that brother gonna be in a good mood at 4:30, he been staring at slavery? That dude liable to cuss out everybody. Look at this shit! Come look what you done to us! Come look what you done to us! Look what you– Get your ass out my museum, motherfucker! You go to the gift shop, it s just people crying. That s horrible. That s scary. Something s wrong, man. Just don t be one of these people that s surprised that black folks got issues. Them the people I can t deal with. I d rather talk to somebody that don t agree with me than somebody that s had they eyes closed. Hey, did you know black people– Why are black people angry? Motherfucker, we been angry. This ain t new. You think this just happened last couple of years? Black folks been trying to tell y all forever that they had some issues and we sat– We invented the blues! [laughter and applause] What more of a sign did you need? We literally invented an entire genre of music based on sadness, that s how sad we were. And we– the blues was created here. That is an American art form. That is not native African– Go listen to old African music. The shit is happy cause we was free. [cheers and applause] Go back. Every old African song. ? We have freedom in Africa ? ? Freedom in Africa ? ? Freedom, got freedom in Africa ? Soon as we got off the slave ship. [imitating blues guitar] [imitating harmonica] We ve been sad. How the hell are you surprised? Yeah, but, they re not patriotic. Black people don t like the national anthem anymore. What is… That ain t no shock to you, man. You wanna know what black folks feeling? Just listen to their music. Our music tell you everything that s going on in the black psyche. It s a beautiful… telegram. [applause] And nowhere in the history of black music is there a hit patriotic song. That ain t what we do. I mean, we ll cover a song, but, like, we don t write no original patriotic songs. Black artists ain t never– ‘Cause we got a conflicted relationship with the country. You can t write no honest patriotic song. You gotta leave that to white artists. They done had a good time. You had a good time in America, you damn right you should be writing a patriotic– ? And I m proud to be an American ? ? Where at least I know I m free ? [cheers and laughter] They be serious. You couldn t possibly expect that level of patriotism from a race of people that have had so many issues, you can t. It s not realistic. Black people don t– We don t sing about America. We sing about specific cities where you can have a good-ass time. That s what we do. We don t talk about the country. We can tell you where the party at, though. We can do that. Look, I can t tell you nothing about America, but let me tell you about the city where the heat is on all night on the beach til the early morn. Welcome to Miami, that s where you got to go. You ever been to California? Oh, my God, boy, you got to go down to California, boy. Boy, California knows how to party. The city of L.A., the city of good ol Watts and the city of Compton. They keep it rockin . Write that shit down, I m trying to tell you. They keep it rockin . Black people don t do patriotism. Maybe Georgia on My Mind. That s the closest we probably come. Maybe that, maybe that. That s a good song, it s warm, it s about the country. Ray Charles, Georgia on My Mind, good song. But… the key word in that song is on my mind. Ray Charles was just thinking about Georgia. He didn t tell you to go there. Georgia s like every other part of the South. It s got some pockets you should not be in after dark. If you d have asked Ray Charles to be more specific on where in Georgia to go, he d have said to go to Atlanta where the players play and they ride in them thangs like every day. [cheers and applause] [chuckles] My Uncle Derek tried to shut me down on that one. What about James Brown ‘Livin in America ? That s patriotic, James Brown singing about America. It s original and he black. ? Livin in America ? ? Eye to eye ? ? Livin in… ? It s a good song, but keep it real, man. James Brown wrote that song for Rocky IV, and as soon as he finished singing it, Apollo Creed died in the ring. It s a sad song. It s a sad song. How can you hear Livin in America ‘ and not think about Apollo Creed just falling lifeless to the– Michael B. Jordan lost his daddy that day. If anything, Livin in America is not patriotic. It s the opposite. It s a secret message to black people. James Brown is one of the most masterful musicians to ever walk this earth, dude. It s a brilliant song. [cheers and applause] That song ain t got nothing to do with America. That entire song, Livin in America is a secret message to black folks. All you gotta do, listen to the end of the song. Very end of Livin in America, all James Brown do is just start naming cities. That s it, end of the song. ? Livin in America ? ? New Orleans, Detroit City ? ? Dallas, Pittsburgh ? ? Kansas City, Atlanta ? He just naming safe places for black folks. That s– that s it. Love black music, man. Hits you, you know. That s why I have– That s why I have a hard time going to see civil rights movies. I have to go see civil right movies in the middle of the day so nobody can see me crying. ‘Cause them movies be hitting you, man. Civil rights movies get me with that Negro humming. Oh, my God, I break down. ‘Cause you know, every civil rights movie just got that scene where it s just some humming. ? Freedom ? [humming] You tell me that don t break you down, in the middle of a civil rights movie, just that humming? There don t even be nothing serious happening on screen, I be crying. It s just a dude putting butter on a waffle, and just… [humming] ? Freedom ? [humming continues] You be in the theater bawling. He was just putting butter on the waffle! They wouldn t let him, they wouldn t let him. Civil rights movies get me all the time, man. They get me with that humming, and then they always make black people fall in slow motion. Yo, every civil rights movie, a black person fall in slow– Why you got to slow down my pain? Just play it at regular speed. Any time a black person falls in a civil rights movie, they fall, then they do that double bounce in the dirt and the dirt come up. Get out of here, darkie! Just get out!  Ohhh! Pfft! Pfft! [cheers and applause] Don t do that to me. Most powerful civil rights movie scene of all time is Selma. I can name the scene. It s when Oprah Winfrey got slapped. This dude slapped the fire– It was the second time, not the first time she got slapped, the second time. This dude slapped Oprah Winfrey so hard, she fell in slow motion and there was Negro humming. I left the theater. I couldn t even tell you how the movie ended. It was too powerful. My emotions. First of all, Oprah couldn t have known she was getting slapped. She didn t know. She didn t know she was getting slapped. That dude– That was Ava DuVernay, that was the director, she made that choice. That s a good-ass director, Ava DuVernay went up to that actor between scenes. Okay, we love what you re doing, okay? We re getting a lot of good stuff from you. We re just gonna change it up this scene. Okay, this time, this time, Oprah s gonna come over, okay? She s gonna do her lines, and Oprah, she finishes her lines, you slap the shit out, just– slap Oprah.  Does Oprah know?  No, do what I tell you! I m Ava DuVernay! Slap Oprah! Oprah came over to that dude, man. You could see it in her face. She didn t know that– that slap was coming. We ain t leaving till we get our rights. Skaboom! ? Oh, freedom ? [humming] Pfft! Pfft! The thing about this country is this: We re all Americans. People love to say that. That s the first thing people want to say when– when there s some tension. Oh, we re all Americans. You re American and I m American. Well, just, hell, we all Americans. Can t we just be all Americans? Yeah, we are. We all Americans. But we live in two different Americas. That s what it is. People forget that. And I don t think everybody that… doesn t understand what we go through is necessarily racist or bigoted. That s– That s a far jump. It s a lot of folks that just straight up don t know what it s like. And you gotta educate em. You gotta educate em on the kind of America you live in. I had to go Best Buy and give a dude some straightening. Straighten his ass out, yeah. I m straightening. Dude at Best Buy gonna decide I don t need a bag with my purchase. You just have an iPhone case. I figure you could just pop that open. No, I ain t popping shit. You put it in a bag. I need that in a bag. What do you need a bag for? I don t understand why you need a bag. It s wasteful. Recycle. Don t you care about the Earth? I go, Sir, this has nothing to do with the Earth. I m a black man in America. I gotta leave this store with a bag, bro. [cheers and applause] It s about safety. I m black, I don t get the luxury of just walking out with shit in my hand. That is a roll of the dice. That is a horrifying day if I– No, not only do I need that bag, bitch, I need that receipt! And staple it to the outside. I don t want a receipt in my hand. You staple my receipt to the outside like Chinese carryout, and I ll hold it up in the air, I ll Lion King – I ll Hakuna Matata an iPhone case out of Best Buy. And it s not his fault. He just didn t understand. He thought he was saving the Earth, but he was saving a life, that s what he was doing. This has nothing to do with recycling, man. ‘Cause, see, you might be a cool person. He might– The cashier might be a cool-ass dude, but we don t know what the security guard been through up front. I come prancing out of Best Buy with this naked-ass iPhone case in my hand. And here comes security. Excuse me, sir. Did you pay for that? Oh, yeah, I got the receipt. He s going for a gun! Skaboom! ? Oh, freedom, ohh ? Pfft! Pfft! [cheers and applause] Everything ain t racism. About 2%, it s about 2%… that ain t racism. You gotta recognize that 2% when you see it. I was in McDonald s, this dude was cussing everybody out. Swore it was racism. I walked in this fast food spot, this dude cussing everybody out. And this is the thing, like, fast food spots already do shady stuff, so I m not saying they don t deserve to be cussed out. They do, they deserve a good cussing every now and then, cause the thing they do now, some of these fast food spots, they love to charge you for sauce when you get nuggets. [audience murmurs] You know, you want an extra sauce with your nuggets, it s gonna be– Oh, you want another sauce, brother, it s gonna be 25 cents. How you charging for sauce, bro? That s– I want two sauces. Well, I need a quarter. You ever meet the Guardian of the Sauce? This dude is serious. Done got a different color shirt from everybody else at work, so now he arrogant. Well, you know, brother, I m a supervisor now. I have a shirt on. You know, if it was up to me, I would give you another sauce. It is up to you! It s on your side of the counter! I just want two sauces without paying for em, that s all I want. But I walked in this spot, man, this dude was cussing out the whole store. Swore it was racism. And I m not saying that racism wasn t one of the causes for him getting bad service, I m just saying, he jumped to that conclusion a little fast. He didn t go through the progressions. He ordered a six-piece nugget, and it was five nuggets in the box. And I didn t even know what was going on. I m texting, as soon as I walk in the door, I m texting, I hear this dude, I hear this dude over in the cut, I hear this dude go, I ll kill everybody in this bitch. [laughter and applause] You know, that– that gave me pause, cause he said he ll kill everybody in this bitch. And I already had a foot in the door. Am I technically in this bitch, sir? ‘Cause I can pull this foot out and go to Arby s. It ain t that deep. Swore it was racism, man. Y all stole my nugget. I m tired of white folks.  White folks don t want us to have shit! Stole my nugget! Then he gonna turn to me. You see this shit, brother? You see this McDonald s? It s our nuggets today. It s our children s nuggets tomorrow.  If I was white, I d have got seven nuggets. That s when I backed off. I m like, I can t help this dude. I m like, look, bro, I know you mad and there s a lot of racial tension in the world, but this ain t racism. This is a fast food spot at 2:00 in the morning. Some of them folks back there can t count to six. You want six nuggets, you need to order a four-piece and two-piece. That s how you trick they ass and get two sauces for free. [cheers and applause] [chuckles] I like fast food employees. I appreciate the fact that fast food employees are rude. I like it. At least it s from the heart. ‘Cause people too nice now. You go out to these stores, everybody, Hey, how you doing? Are you good? Thank you for choosing us. You think them people wanna be your friend, or they ll get fired for not speaking? Which one you think it is? ‘Cause 10, 15 years ago, nobody spoke to you when you went in the store. Now, all of a sudden, everybody wanna kick it with your ass? No! That s a corporate mandate, and I d rather you not do it. I get in the grocery store. It s just too many questions at the register. Just ring up the shit that s on the belt. We ain t gotta be friends. I m here, I m spending money, you won. What else do you want? Why I gotta be your friend, too, man? The price you pay for politeness is your time. So you want somebody to be nice to you? That s cool, enjoy it, but I d rather get them minutes back with somebody I know. I don t need all this politeness, man, I m cool. ‘Cause people overdo it. I went on a cruise. This is the weirdest thing ever, man. You go on a cruise, you meet every employee. [scattered laughs] Yeah, you been– yeah. Every– You go on a cruise– I met the captain of the boat. The captain of the cruise ship does laps around the boat every day speaking to people. That s too much. I have no need to meet you, sir. Listen, there s no– At no point in my vacation do I need to meet the highest-ranking officer on the boat. I don t need to– to do that. I m at the pool, here come the captain. He s got his stupid jacket on. He s sashaying around there. Welcome aboard, I am the captain, yes. We are having pleasure, We are in ocean and we have pleasure. He s got them stupid medals dangling off his jacket. Took heavy fire in Cozumel. I don t know how he got em, but he s got… We are having fun in the ocean. Sir, are you having fun? Bitch, who driving? It s too much. You go on a cruise, it makes you appreciate airline pilots. I respect airline pilots. Airline pilots ain t got no chitchat for you, no small talk before the flight. You don t even meet em. That s the flight attendant s job. You get on the plane, who you see first? It s the flight attendant. Welcome aboard, how are you? Walk in this way… Captain ain t got time to talk to your goofy ass. You get on the plane, look in the cockpit, what you see? Two alcoholics checking buttons, that s all you see. What s that, two grown-ass men, just… Did you check all the buttons? Okay, you can check the buttons up here and then you check the buttons down here. Okay, just– don t– just check– start over. Ladies and gentlemen, there s gonna be a slight delay. Uh… gotta recheck all these buttons. Thank you for choosing– [imitates static] That s it, that s the captain s job, to come over the intercom, let you know what s happening. That s it. No jokes, all business. That s why they pause the movie, they stop serving drinks, cause the captain got important shit to say. Ladies and gentlemen, this is the captain. We about to go up in the sky, so sit that ass down so we can get up there. If something go wrong, talk to them heifers in the back. I can t help your ass, cause I m up here, I m trying to fly this bitch. So don t you come up here. My door s locked. I got a shotgun. Fuck with us. Thank you for choosing– [imitates static] [cheers and applause] The captain is all business, and I respect that. He s all business until the plane lands. That s when he know it s time to get some respect from y all. The captain knows that he did some dope shit, and he wants you to know he did some dope shit. I just flew you 500 miles an hour at 30,000 feet, I landed this flight in a 50-mile-an-hour crosswind on the first attempt. I want you to know who your God is. [laughter and applause] Yeah, the captain want his respect. That s why when you get off the plane, the captain be standing in the door like a boss, like, What s up? Copilot be next to him, like… You can t do nothing but show love to the captain. I m like, yo, bro, you did your thing, man. You flew that plane. Real quick, let me give you one of these wristbands. Gonna put that on. In case it jump off, wear your wristband. I m trying to lose weight. It s hard, man. Losing weight, they tell you everything you need to know about losing weight except for how much it s gonna cost. But it s hard when it s time to lose weight. Drinking all these damn smoothies. And they expensive– five, six damn dollars for fruit and ice in a cup, how? How, Sway, how, how? How is it five, six damn dollars for fruit and ice in a cup? And they trick you with smoothies, they try to trick us, cause they put all them little extra words and adjectives in the name of the smoothie. Don t fall for it. It s fruit and ice. Okay, you had a Mango Sunset Peach Tranquility and… Uh, no, mm-mmm. I ain t have no Tranquility. Take the Tranquility out, take that out. Hold the Tranquility. That– that should knock it down to 3.50. That should get it down. Smoothies so expensive, I m surprised rappers don t talk about em in their songs. Give a damn about a rapper with a damn nice car and some jewelry. You wanna impress me, pour some kale out in the club. Do that. That s how I know your ass got some mon… ? We drinking kale up in here ? ? We got that kale up in here ? ? People drinking kale up in here ? ? We drinking kale– ? There be some girl in a bikini with soy milk just drizzling down. [laughter] I don t know about marriage, like… A lot of my friends are married, and I m at this weird age now, I m at this weird age, where, like, I got friends getting married late and I got friends that s getting divorced. You know, and I don t know who to go celebrate with. This my thing about divorce. What I love about divorce, I love how people won t shut the hell up about they wedding, but they divorce is none of your business. That s not cool. You running your mouth all this time about your engagement, y all break up, what happened? I wanna know, tell me what happened. Especially if I went to the wedding. If I went to your wedding and you divorced, I m entitled to a one-page explanation, much money as I spent. Either you tell me why y all getting divorced or you give me back the toaster I bought your ass. It s a good-ass toaster. That s four-slice with the crumb tray, that s top-shelf. With a bagel button. You all know about that bagel button, that s for ballers. My Uncle Derek told me to watch Titanic. You want to learn how to woo a woman, you got to watch ‘Titanics.  Country for you, Titanics.  You don t know how to woo a woman, boy. I m telling you, ‘Titanics show you. That boy Leo DiCaprio, boy, that boy got that girl, boy, and that girl was out of his league, he pulled her. And then he died, he died happy. He was smiling when he was drowning. He float down smiling. I went back and watched Titanic. Titanic is not that romantic of a movie. It s a good film, but it ain t romantic. Titanic is basically a movie about an old lady who got some dick so good… that she went back out into the ocean to say good-bye to it. [laughter] That s pretty much the movie. Go back and watch Titanic. The whole thing is a flashback. It s a 90-year-old lady and she s on the bow of a ship. The whole movie s a flashback. It s a 90-year-old lady, she s looking out into the water and then it flashes back to everything that happened on the ship, he drowns, she lives, they come back present day and she s looking out into the water and then people are coming up and talking to her. Ma am, are you– are you thinking about all your friends you lost out there?  Oh, no, baby, I m thinking about that good dick that was down there. There s some good dick under that water, that s what I m thinking about. Right here, 70 years ago. This is where I got my back beat out. Didn t you know that? Right here. Young gentleman, poverty-stricken, put that pipe on me, I couldn t handle it. Just steaming up and I was pressing my hand on that car window, that s why I walk like this. Give me the jewelry. She threw that jewelry into the water. Titanic ain t no romantic movie. If anything, it s a superhero movie. It s a superhero movie. Leo DiCaprio is a superhero, bro. They had sex one time in that movie. Once. They had sex one time in Titanic. And she remembered it for the next 70 years. [laughter and applause] You know how good your pipe game got to be? To put it down once, one time, and for 70 years, that s all she can think about. She s 90. Think about how much stuff you probably will forget. I know by the time I m 90, I m not gonna where my– I m not gonna know where my car is parked, I m not gonna know my grandkids names. I m gonna have my pills in that Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday trapdoor. But this lady is 90 and she never forgot that one time– His dick beat Alzheimer s. That s a superpower. You gotta respect that. I like old people, man. I hope– I hope I m blessed enough to– to live long, change the diet up, add a couple years on the back end. You know. Old people, I just– I want to get to that age where I can just cuss people out for no reason. You know what I m saying? Just unprovoked cussed-outs. Yeah, she already smiling. You almost there? You got… No, cause you look a little young. You got a little more time, but you just– You already trained, you already cuss people now. Yeah, man, you old, you get to just cuss people out for no reason. I was in the grocery store, this old dude rolled up on me, man. I was in the struggle, motherfucker.  And you weren t there! I wasn t bothering this dude. I m in produce, I m picking out my Fuji apples. I m not bothering nobody, Fuji apples. But he rolled up his sleeve, he showed me the scars. Dude s old, 80, 85 years old. Look at that scar. Ask me– ask me how I got the scar. How d you get the scar? I got it in the struggle, motherfucker.  You don t know what it was like in 62. I m like, What was it like?  It was a struggle, you son of a bitch. And this is the thing, man, this is the thing with old black people, man, old black people, like, you can t disrespect em, because they have physical proof that they were willing to die to make the country a better place for me, so I have to salute it. I paid for his groceries. This dude called me motherfucker for 20 minutes. And I paid for his groceries. Just off respect. That got me thinking on the way home… you know, what have I done? And that s– that s a very sobering feeling, it s a sobering realization to have, to realize that what you ve done doesn t quite measure up to what that man did, you know? This dude called me motherfucker and got free groceries. That s how much he put in work. Like, I know I m not gonna get that same result. Like, I wish I could, but I know I m not, I m– ‘Cause the thing is that you start reflecting, you start reflecting on what you ve done that compares to that and I look at the things that I try to do now. Like, I try my best to be socially active. I try my best to do stuff on The Daily Show that affects change, I try. [cheers and applause] But… I ll be real, a lot of what I do now is just making up for lost time, cause I wasn t always like that, and that s something I m ashamed about. I didn t go see Obama get inaugurated cause it was too cold. That was my excuse. That was my excuse for missing history– it s cold. And my homeboys called me up, We riding the bus, we going up to D.C., let s ride the bus. I got cable, man. I didn t go the second time. I had four years to buy a coat. And still didn t go see him. I skipped history twice. That s embarrassing. ‘Cause sooner or later, my son s gonna be doing a book report on that. And he gonna flip to that Obama inauguration page, and you re gonna see those thousands of black people out on the National Mall just standing there, and he s gonna come to me and I gotta be accountable for my absence. Daddy, were you there? Yeah, yeah, I was… [laughter and applause] Yeah, I m right– They cropped me out, I was right there on the side. I just hope that, you know, what I try to do now is enough, you know. That s all you can do is what you can do, but I want free groceries. And I m not sure if what I did is enough, so I might have to just spice up my story, just add whatever happened. ‘Cause when I m 80, I m gonna go in the grocery store, start cussing out kids. You wasn t in the struggle, motherfucker! You don t know what it was like in 2017. What was it like? It was a struggle in 2017, motherfucker! We tried to march for police reform, I ordered six nuggets, them white folks only gave me five! I had to pay for two sauces! [cheers and applause] Atlanta, I can t thank y all enough for the time. Thank y all so much for coming out, man. Appreciate y all. [cheers and applause] Some shit go down in America them white artists go straight to the studio, pen and pad, right? I m gonna write a new one! ? I got a pet eagle his name is Chuck ? ? I feed him bacon and freedom and I fuckin love Chuck, uh-uh ?

MARK NORMAND@DON T BE YOURSELF@2017@Mark Normand: One minute. Amy Schumer: Mark, listen. I know exactly what you re thinking right now. You re thinking, this is my first hour special and I m freaking out and I don t deserve it. And you re thinking you re not funny enough and that you re not good-looking enough for television. And just– you need to quiet all of those thoughts. You have every right to be here. And it s not just that I m producing it for you that they let you do it. And, yeah, you re just average height and weight and… very forgettable-looking, but it s not about that. It s about comedy. Tonight s about jokes. Jokes that aren t good enough that you re about to tell. But I don t want you to think about any of that right now. Don t let anything get in the way up here. ‘Cause you are better than everyone says you are. Now, you re just gonna go out there and kill it. What are you gonna do? Save your voice. Okay. You re gonna be so good. Uhh! I don t regret this. I didn t try to back out. Okay. [door closes] [cheers and applause] Amy Schumer: Me! It s me! What a great crowd! Yes! Thank you, guys, so much for coming. Welcome to one of the best nights of your goddamned life, okay? Welcome. We re gonna have so much fun tonight. I am so proud to welcome to the stage one of my favorite all-time comedians. Ladies and gentlemen, please make some noise for Mark Normand! [cheers and applause] ?? Thanks. Thank you. Get out of here. Hey. All right. How you doing? Yeah, all right. Jesus Christ, thanks. Thanks for coming, huh? Yes, uh, I feel bad, this is such a big event, I m a little hung over. Isn t that amazing, you know, we still can t prevent a hangover. We ve all this medical research. I ve tried the water, I ve tried the pills. Nothing works. We can prevent children. [laughter] Right? We can t prevent a hangover, you know? At least some people want kids. I ve never woken up like, whoo, I am really hung over, but you know what? I think I want to keep it. [laughter] Yeah, I gotta cut back on the sauce, man. I blacked out last week. That s embarrassing. I m too old for that. I told my roommate, he s like, Ooh, you blacked out, ugh.  That means you forgot to brush your teeth last night. I was like, wow, that is the least of my worries. Yeah. I m more concerned with the lipstick I m wearing and why I sent my mom a dick pic. Yeah, she was like, oh, family plan. [laughter] These hangover, you know, people always talk about how honest you are when you re drunk. You hear that a lot. Got that guy drunk, he ll tell you anything. I feel like I m way more honest when I m hung over. When I m drunk, I can lie all day. Cops like, You been drinking? I m like, No way, aah. When I m hung over, that s when I m honest. My life s in shambles, I have nothing to live for, yeah? Yeah, your friend s like, You wanna get brunch? You re like, uhh. I ve never liked you. [laughter] Everything s a lie when you re drunk, you know? You re like, hey, it s the best night ever, these are my good friends and she s super hot. Then you wake up, like, aw, it s a waste of time, I spent too much money and that s a dude. [laughter] Yeah. I don t know, I guess I m an alcoholic. You know? If I m gonna be addicted to any drug, though, I m glad it s alcohol, you know? Just so easy to get. Right? Yeah, it s crazy, like… I think that s why alcohol s the only drug you pour out for dead friends. You know? Yeah. [laughter] You would never do that with, like, cocaine, you know? You re like, well, we should pour a little— whoa, whoa, we all love Greg, but that shit s expensive, all right? Take it easy. [cheering and applause] See, I drink a lot, but I still get my, uh, my stuff done, you know? I m what you d call a functioning alcoholic. Any functioning alcoholics here? [cheering] Yeah, all right. Yeah, hey. Yeah. We get a bad rap, huh? Why is it a negative term, right? We re actually harder at working than everyone else, you know? We re doing the same stuff you re doing… drunk. All right? Where s our parade? What, Bob showed up to work on time. Screw Bob. I slept here. [laughter] We re tough, we don t bitch. Susie didn t show up because she has the flu. Well, I have disease and I m keeping it a secret. All right. Where s my plaque, huh? Yeah. I don t know. Hmm… Yeah. I was hung over on a flight the other day. That s the worst. Ooh. Flight hung over. Oh, God. I hate flying. That s the only part of this job I hate. I like a train. Give me an Amtrak any day. No bag check, no security. It s almost like they ve never heard of a terrorist. Yeah, all right? Aww. I hate flying. Flying is so high-maintenance. Flying s got high-maintenance girl. Like, you want to get inside me, you get here an hour early, take your shoes off and do a body scan. You re like, Jesus Christ. Good Lord. Not a train. A train s like a drunk chick. Like, get a beer, get in here! [Native American whooping] No security on a train whatsoever. You could walk on a train with three suitcases full of cocaine, like, hey, if you see something, say something. Choo choo! This is how sad and desperate trains are: trains don t ask to see your ticket until the train has left the station, right? They ve already started moving and then they ask. How much of a fuck could they really give? Tickets, please.  I don t have one.  Well, you gotta buy one now.  I don t have any money.  We ll figure it out.  All right. Yeah.  Enjoy Newark. All right, yeah. I just hate flying. They ve ruined it. It s so nerve-racking. Every flight s an anxiety attack, you know? Every time I have a flight, I feel like it s my first day of class all over again. I m eight years old, I m back at school, you know? You re on that plane, single-file line, book bag on, just trying to find your seat, you know? Then you finally get your seat, people pull out snacks and start farting. Right? Yeah? Right? And the flight attendant, she s terrifying. She s like the teacher, you know? She s kind of hovering, she s nerve– she scares you. As she walks by, you hide your phone, pretend like you re reading. Now she gives you a lecture: hey, seat, belt, seat belt, you know? And the pilot, he s like the principal. He s up in his office, comes on the loudspeaker, you know? Right? You don t really want to meet him, but you know if you do, you re in trouble. [laughter] Right? All right? And you re like, all right, I gotta pee. You can t pee now. I m 32 years old. It s not pee time. Sit down! Jesus Christ. Good lord. Now you re pissed. Now you re just waiting it out. Oh, my God. Just like class. How much longer, how much longer. Jesus Christ, you re counting the minutes. Then the plane lands, the bell rings, you grab your stuff, you fight your way through the building, you find your mum, she drives you home. Ohh. Oh, jeez, oh, come on. [cheering and applause] All right, hey. Love a train. The only flaw of a train, though– If you fall asleep on a train, they just keep going, you know? They don t know where you live and they don t care. Right? Every time I wake up on a train, I look like a rufie victim. I m like, where are we? Who is he? I trusted you. [laughter] It s so dramatic. Like, you miss your stop on a bus or a subway, you walk a couple of extra blocks. You miss your stop on a train, you get out and you re like, well, I guess this is my new life. Yeah, right. I don t know. That s just me, though. I worry about everything. I got really bad anxiety. Horrible anxiety, riddled with anxiety. I live in the city, I don t have a car. I just walk around everywhere. Uh… You guys ever do this one? You guys ever leave the house without headphones. Whoo! Thoughts are not good. [laughter] My God, this whole time, I thought I loved music. Turns out I just hate my brain. Just being attacked all day long with this insecurity playlist on shuffle. Aah! What are you doing with your life? You drink too much. Gonna die alone. You call that a penis? Aah! Oh, bad head. My brain is evil. Like, attacks me. It s like a bully, you know? I ll be at a party, hanging out, everybody s having a good time, talking. My brain s like, hey, you weirdo. You re being too quiet. Everybody s wondering why you re such a quiet weirdo. Come on. Get in there, say something, you lunatic. Come on, you freak. Jump in, you psycho. Come on, get in there. You finally say something, your brain goes, Whoo… that s what you picked? Aah. Shut up, dummy. Damn it. My brain never stops. I can t sleep at night. I m a horrible sleeper. That s why I hate these bed commercials you see at 4:00 a.m. Hey, you can t sleep. Well, how comfortable is your mattress? What s your sleep number? How s your firmness? You think lack of comfort s what s keeping me up at night and that s the problem, really? Ha! It s this goddamned Japanese game show I got going up here, all right? Yeah, it s the worry, the anxiety, the dread. I don t need a mattress designed by NASA, I need a Xanax and some self-esteem, all right? Come on. Comfort, pfft, I could sleep on a gravel road if I had a good childhood. All right? Come on. Yeah. Brain never stops. That s why I never got these guys, it s like, hey, I m going to bed. I m like, what do you mean going to bed? I gotta pass out. I can t just go to bed, all right? What, are you cra– You want me to lay alone in a room in the dark in my underwear? That s what screwed me up in the first place. [laughter] [applause] Yeah. Brutal. Yeah, I m an awkward guy, very awkward. Can t make eye contact with people. See? That was tough. Yeah. I m working on it. It s too intense, too intimate. I don t know how you people do this, you know? It s like a sign of respect to look someone in the eye. That blows my mind. It s too much. Can t do it. Every time I look someone in the eye, I m like, well, I guess we re in love now. [laughter] I feel too much. I m a feely guy. Everything makes me uncomfortable. Certain words are hard to say. It makes me feel too weird. I love you. Ugh, that s tough, huh? Whoo! I can t say that. I can barely say croissant. Ugh. What a horrible word. So pretentious. Good Lord, I can barely order one. They look amazing. I m like, I ll take a… muffin, screw it. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Socially awkward, you know? I know I m socially awkward because I asked my friend what his biggest fear was. He said losing his child. He said, What s your biggest fear, Mark? I said, Uh… accidently hitting the FaceTime button on my phone. [laughter] Is there a more terrifying moment in life than that? I can t have people see me. I m not ready. I got weird stuff going on in my room, you know? Yeah, I m eating tuna out of a can, I got half a boner an old yearbook open. It s weird. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, man. Too much. I m an introvert. Any introverts here? [cheering] Hey, all right. You guys rarely speak up. Yeah. Not fun being an introvert, you know? You just gotta get out there and fake it. Yeah. Hard around people. Most people like being around people. For us, it s like… it s work, it s tough. Like, this is an introvert s biggest fear right here. You re hanging out with some guy you don t really know, you re like, All right, man, good hanging out.  I m gonna take the train home. This guy goes, Oh, yeah, what train you taking? [laughter] Uh… I was gonna take the number six.  Hey, me, too. Fuck! [laughter] Damn it. Back on the clock. Tough to be around people. Day jobs. I don t know how you guys do it. Nine to five, eight hours with this group. Then 5:00 rolls around, some guy goes, Hey, we should all get drinks. What, are you nuts? You want to hang out more? We re done, we did it. We re outside the walls, let s go home. That s not happy hour, that s unpaid overtime. [laughter] Yeah, we like being alone, we do. You re ever out to eat with the guys, Hey, look at that dude sitting by himself. You re like, I know… [whistles] …living the dream. Yeah. Oh, yeah. It s just that weird brain I got. Like, I want you guys to like me, but I m scared of you. You bum me out but I need your love. Basically, what I m saying is if you have a party, I don t want to go, but if you don t invite me, I ll kill myself. [laughter] This is where I m at. Up here, yeah. And if you don t get these jokes, just know your life is… better than mine. I know what you guys are thinking. Come on, Mark, introvert. Talking in front of 400 people right now. Well, it s pretty simple. This is a one-sided conversation that s been prewritten and rehearsed over and over. And if you guys talk, you get thrown out. I can t lose. You guys are the real heroes. You guys are the ones who just walk in your office break rooms, just bee bopping and scatting off the cuff, no net, you know? You walk in like, Hey, Bob, how was your weekend? I m like, oh, it was good. How d you know to say that? Holy hell. What d you take an improv class? You re like Miles Davis over here. Holy moly. Wow. Not me. I gotta prep for everything. Everything s prepped. I see the break room 20 feet away, I m like, all right, how you doing, Bob? How you doing, Bob? How you doing, Bob? How you doing, Bob? How you doing, Bob? How you doing, Bob? Then I get in there and I panic. [stammering] Jews! Aw, fuck! God damn it! Aw! God damn it. Ugh, man. I ve always been like this, and thank God for humor. Jesus Christ, you can get away with it. I remember one time, I was at a friend s house for dinner and the dad goes, Let s all go around the table, say what we re thankful for. And one son was like, Well, we re thankful for the food on the table. And one son was like, Well, we re thankful for the roof over our head. And they re like, But what are you thankful for, Mark? I was like, Well, honestly, I m thankful I m not attracted to kids. Huh? Wouldn t that suck? Be a horrible life, you know? And everybody there was like, whoa! What the hell was that? Holy Jesus! Good Lord! And I didn t get it. I was like, wait, why are you mad? I m saying I m not attracted. Not attracted. Not into them. What s the problem? Then I got pissed, I was like, screw you guys. I m the only one here clearly not a pedophile. [laughter] I don t know, I think, uh… you know, you can t be yourself all the time. That s the problem. Especially, like, with girls and stuff. That gets ugly. The way you say what you re thinking with a lady, that ll put that right to bed, you know? Yeah, like, I remember one time, I was on a date with a girl, going pretty well, went back to her place, I take out a condom, she goes, Whoa, whoa, whoa… where d you get that thing? I was like, Well, they were free at the bar. She was like, Ugh! That s gross. I was like, well… that s where I got you. [laughter and applause] The girl at the bar, got the… I don t get why that s… Still… still not sure why that s offensive. Yeah. There s a lot of dating sites out there now. I think guys like the dating sites cause it s tough to approach a woman. Cold, out of nowhere, especially when you re doing this. Uh-huh. Tough! It s a tough move. It s why I feel like women should hit on men more. Hit on us, ladies. You can say whatever you want to a guy. I had an old lady approach me once, she goes, Ooh, I m gonna kidnap you. I was like, wow, I could never say that to a woman. Oh. I said it to a lady, she calls the police. I would be curious to know what a woman could say that would offend me. Like, all right, I m gonna take you home, drug you, take advantage of you and film it. I d be like, all right, well, at least let me pay for the Uber. [laughter] I don t know. I m… I m just jealous of you gals, you know? You have options. You have the freedom to say no. If a girl goes on a date with a guy and this guy takes out his Nazi memorabilia, she s like, I get the hell out of here. If I go on a date with a girl and she takes out her Nazi memorabilia, I m like, I gotta bang her and get the hell out of here. [laughter] Could be a long winter. You gotta stock up, you know? But you ladies are so sexy, you drive me crazy. Aw, you re so hot. I just want to squeeze you. You re so sexy with your wacky labia. I love it, aah. [laughter] This is how sexy girls are. I was having dinner once, this girl leans over during the meal and goes, Hey… I m not wearing any underwear. It s like, oh, my God, that s hot. Then I realize, why is that sexy? Has underwear ever been a huge obstacle for a guy? Has any guy ever taken a girl s jeans off and seen panties and been like, ooh! It s gonna be a long night. Put a pot of coffee on, I can t crack that code. [laughter] But that s how hot you are, gals. You can tell by the article of clothing you re not wearing. I can t even see it missing, I m already turned on. Doesn t work for a guy. I can t pull that off. I lean over during dinner, Hey… I m not wearing any underwear. She s gonna go, Uh-oh… what happened? [laughter and applause] Laundry day, diarrhea, need a wet wipe?  Talk to me. I don t know. Just tough to date now, you know? We have no patience anymore. We want everything immediately now. We want everything quick. We want Uber, Tinder, Netflix. Everything s so quick now. They only thing we don t want quick is sex. When s that gonna catch up. [laughter] I was with a girl the other night, I finished kind of early, she s like, Hey, what s going on here? I was like, Well, these are the times we re living in. [laughter] Come on. I don t have the patience for your vagina to be buffering. Let s go! You re an analog girl in a digital world, sister. Pick it up! Yeah. Yeah, everything s different now, you know? Like one time, I sat down with a girl, she goes– Just met her, she goes, You don t send dick pics, do you? I was like, No, no. She s like, Good, dicks are gross. [laughter] I was like, well, shit, that… that s all I got. That was gonna be, like, my big reveal. So what the hell you doing here, you don t like dicks? You hear that a lot from girls. Dicks are gross, dicks are gross. It s weird to think something s gross they ll eventually put inside you. I don t get that thought process. Like, I think coconut s gross. If you see me eating one, you re like, What are you doing? I m not like, It was charming. [laughter] I m not a real dick pic kind of guy, you know? You know, I don t know if my dick is impressive enough to register well on a phone, you know? My dick s like an indie band. You gotta see it live. All right. You gotta be in the room to really understand it. Well, I was in a relationship for like 11 years, uh, yeah, now I m out there, scared alone, flaccid. All right? Yeah. I had to learn all the tricks of the trade again. I learned everything the hard way, you know? It s tough. Yeah. Like, I learned that girls, they don t like it when the guy says the word sex on a date. It s like saying bomb at the airport. The whole thing shuts down, right? Well, we all like sex. It feels good, but can t bring it up. The only way to get the thing you want is to pretend you don t want it. That s weird behavior. What if job interviews are like that? So, Mark, why do you want to work here? [blows] Who says I want to work here? [laughter] I m just hanging out, taking it easy, yeah. All right. Yeah. I was on a date once, I was like, I m just gonna go for it and I go, Hey, you want to make out? This girl goes, Ugh, grow up. I was like, Okay.  Anal? [laughter] That s older, right? Yeah. I can t even imagine what that s like, dating dudes. Whew. God, that s gotta be awful. You could get murdered, could have a soul patch. Ugh, yeah, God. Crazy, yeah. It s gotta be tough, but although women can say stuff men can never say, you know? Yeah, like, uh… one time I was eating dinner with a girl, I was telling a story, she cut me off mid-story. She goes, You know what I like in a guy? I like a strong, silent type. I was like, what? Can you imagine if a guy said that? What do you look for in a woman? [exhales] Silence. [laughter] I like a woman who s tough and shuts the hell up. Get kicked out of society. I don t know, maybe it s me. Maybe I m screwed up sexually, you know? I caught my parents having sex when I was eight… 21 and today. Yeah, yeah. Oh, the idea of your parents having sex is so horrifying, isn t it, you know? That s why I m surprised parents don t use that as a threat. [laughter] Eh? Wouldn t that be so effective? Like, Hey, Timmy, better clean that room.  Me and your mom are gonna go at it. [laughter] How d you do on that math test, Billy?  I got a D.  I ll show you some D.  Hey! No! [laughter and applause] Yeah, it s tough out there. I m seeing somebody now, but, boy, single life, yeah, that s the real deal, you know? People are so condescending to single people. They go, You re single? Aww.  Don t you get lonely? Like, well, sure, but how come we always assume loneliness is worse than a relationship? I feel like loneliness is a lot easier to manage, it s definitely easy to get out of. You get lonely, call a friend, go to a movie. If you re in a bad relationship, you re like, well, I guess I gotta kill her. [laughter] Or him, or him. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. My ex… she was tough. My ex was like a real big feminist. I m a feminist, but she was like… annoying. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. She would always say stuff like, Men just judge women by their looks.  It s all about our looks. What about our achievements? Which is true. Men do do that. But, ladies, you do it, too. We all judge women. All right. All right, like one time, she caught me flirting with another girl, and she was like, What does she look like? That was the first question. I was like, Whoa. What about her achievements? [laughter] Come on. She s a human being, God damn it. When you re single, though, you miss love. It s nice to have love. It s nice to have someone love you. That s nice. But that s the thing. We all want the love, but nobody wants to do the work. Just want the love part. You know? It s kind of like a dog walker. We all love our dog, but you pay somebody to do the stuff you don t want to do. Pick up the poop, walk it. Wouldn t it be great to have a girlfriend walker? Just some guy on the sidewalk with eight girlfriends on a leash, like, All right, tell me about your day. [laughter] [cheering and applause] Yeah. Get mad about a dream you had. Ask me some hypothetical about you gaining weight. Cry now, cry now. Then you get your girlfriend back, like, Did she cry?  It took a while, but she cried. [laughter] Yeah. Oh, yeah. A lot of women hate that joke, which is how you know it s real. [laughter] I don t know, maybe I m just, uh, I m being bitter, you know? My last girlfriend dumped me, said I wasn t manly enough for her, I m not a manly guy. [whistles] That one hurt. I didn t know women were allowed to say stuff like that. Like how come a woman can say something like, Yeah, that guy was good with his hands, he can fix stuff around the house ? And you re like, All right, cool. But if a guy says, Hey, I like a woman who can cook, people go, Whoa, whoa, it s not the 50s. Well, how come her job for me s okay but my job for her s not okay? Also, who doesn t like somebody who can fix stuff around the house? I d love to come home and my girlfriend s like, Hey, I built us a deck. [laughter] All right, hell, yeah. I ll do laundry. See, I think women are just so smart cause you guys made your gender roles offensive. Yeah, that was very clever. [laughter] Well played, ladies. Well played. Guys, how great would that be if we get offended? Your girlfriend wakes you at 4:00 a.m.. I heard glass shattering, somebody break in? You re like, Well, it s not the 50s, go check it out. [laughter] Yeah. I will say this. I m sick of good-looking people. I m done with you, men and women. You think everything you say is interesting. You never had it tough, you know? I went on a date with a girl once, she was gorgeous, way out of my league, beautiful woman. But she had nothing to say, she was boring. She had no personality. And I checked out at one point. She goes, Look, I can tell you don t like me and just want to sleep with me. I was like, Well, yeah, but that s your fault. She was like, Screw you, I m more than just a pretty face. I m like, Yeah, but that s all you worked on. Right? Hours on your hair, makeup, outfit. Get a goddamned knock-knock joke together. [laughter] I don t get these good-looking people. They spend 100% of their time on looks, zero on their personality. It s just assumed that part s amazing. Why wouldn t you work on that, too? All right? Before a date, everybody goes, How do I look? No one ever goes, Am I annoying? Huh? Huh? Isn t that more important, you know, like… that s what you got to worry about. Like, I know I m not a hot guy. Before a date, I m writing jokes in my hand, limericks, anecdotes. I m bringing it, baby. I m tap dancing out there, you know? [laughter and applause] Hey. Yeah. Come on, I m working it. Like, if a girl told me, Mark, you re funny, but you re not that hot, I d be like, I know. That s why I m funny. [laughter] You gotta fill in the gaps here, you know? I m not one of these guys that s full of shit, like, looks don t matter, it s all about the inside that counts. Aw, shut up, come on. We all want to be found attractive. We all want to be with someone we find attractive. I hate when people lie about that. I was at a party once, I was like, Aw, that Caitlyn Jenner, she s kind of weird looking. Some girl goes, Hey, she s beautiful. And I was like, Hey, you kind of look like her. And she was like, Fuck you. So… which one is it, you know? Aw. Yeah. Ex-girlfriend was Jewish. Big old Jew. Yeah, yeah. We dated for a while. Just found out my ex-girlfriend s getting breast implants. That blew my mind. I use the term breast implants. I don t like the term fake breasts. Doesn t make sense to me. ‘Cause the breasts are real. It s just the shit inside that s fake. The breasts are still real. It s kind of like the Bible. The book is real, it s just the shit inside that s fake. [laughter] Oh, there s leather. Leather book. Boy, the Bible. What a buzz kill, huh? Yeah. Yeah, they don t like anything fun. They hate gay, they hate trans. That s gonna be great when doing stuff so sexually advanced, it s not even in the Bible. You know, like, I love having sex with my robot. The guy s like… All right, you re good. Maybe I ll try it. Jesus Christ. I know some people get mad when you make fun of their religion, you know, which I never got. If you believe it, just believe it. What s it matter what I say? I believe in gravity and somebody s like, Hey, gravity s not real. I ll be like, All right, good luck out there. Yeah. I don t know. Religion just feels silly. Come on. Who needs God? We got Google. We re good, yeah, hey. He writes back. Just really fallen off over the years, you know? Like, 60 years ago, rock and roll was considered the devil s music. Now there s Christian rock. [laughter] Well, what the hell happened there? What, if we wait long enough, they just join in? What s next? 20 years from now, hey, Christian gay porn. [laughter] Huh? I can already see the first movie. Come here, son. Kneel before me. [laughter and applause] Yeah. Yeah. I think I m just jealous of religious people. Must be nice, must be comforting to really believe something, you know? That must be nice. I really tried religion, I really tried. I prayed, nothing happened. I talked to God, nothing happened. Zero results, zero. How is that acceptable? I feel like we let religion slide cause it s free. If you had to pay for religion once a month like Netflix, you d be like, well, this shit isn t working. [laughter] I m gonna try this agnostic network after this cause at least that s free. But yeah, I– you know? Sorry, just throwing my thoughts at you here, folks, uh… I know, weird. You guys are nice. Some crowds don t take it as well. I got called a douche bag at a show recently. That s a fun word, huh? Douche bag. Yeah, cause the insult is more popular than the actual product. Huh? Huh? I don t know anyone who s ever used a douche, never seen one. What is it? Like, a Ziploc? I have no idea, all right? I feel bad for the guy who invented the thing. Some guy in the 1800s, I invented this thing for women s hygiene. We re all like, Nice job, man.  We re just gonna use that to describe dudes in fedoras. I did some research on it. The douche bag is actually bad for women. It s not good for you. So apparently the guy who invented it… kind of a douche. But that s the thing. I m getting older, you know? I gotta get it together, you know? My brother had a kid, that s crazy. Everyone wants to play with the baby, touch the baby, hug the baby. I find babies fascinating cause babies are the only thing that comes out of another person that strangers want to hold. [laughter] You ever think about that? Anything else that comes out of a human being, you re like, wow, this dinner party is over. [laughter] But a baby, we re all about it. It s weird. We live in such a germaphobic culture, you sneeze on a guy, he wants to kill you, but, hey, a vagina monster… coochie-coochie-coo. Very interesting. Something to think about, you know? There s some perks to getting older, though? I think older women are sexy, yeah. Anybody here been through menopause? Might be a… younger crowd. I m very ignorant when it comes to this stuff. You ladies really keep a lid on this shit, you know? Like, my aunt s going through menopause right now. She s bummed out, she s depressed. I thought that would be a good time. Menstruation s over, years of discomfort over. Come on, you graduated, sister. It s time to move that tampon string to the side. [laughter and applause] Right? Why isn t that a party? Where s that Facebook invite, huh? Hey, Aunt Marie stopped bleeding every month. All Right! Everybody in the pool. [laughter and applause] Yeah. Right? Yeah. Yeah, sorry if it s too dark. I m just being myself here, folks. People tell you to be yourself your whole life. That is the worst advice on the planet. Yourself sucks. Every time I ve been myself, been fired, kicked in the balls, dumped, whatever. Don t ever be yourself. Yourself is gross and naughty. Yourself is the worst version of you. That s why whenever you walk into an elevator alone, there s no one else in there, you re like, ooh, I m here by myself. I can be weird. There s no one else in here. Yeah, all right. Then some other guy walks in, you re like, crap, I got a boner, I ve been queefing. Aah! Damn it. Now you gotta adapt. You gotta go back to society, you know? And people tell you to be yourself at the worst times, too. Hey, you got a hot date tonight, Mark?  Just be yourself. All right. You re sitting at dinner, some girl s like, So, Mark, what are you thinking about? I m like, Well… just thinking, you know?  You rarely see any female pedophiles, uh… which is probably for the best cause they could make their own kids. [laughter and applause] Just being me. The worst times: Hey, you got a job interview? Just be yourself. All right. You re in some office, some guy s going, So, Mark… what s your worst quality?  Well, you know, I, uh… I always start masturbating when I m already late for something.  Huh. Wow, all right. Jesus Christ. Didn t see that one coming at all. Uh… quite a curve ball there. Whoo! Well, I gotta ask now, what s your best quality?  Pretty fast masturbator. [laughter and applause] Hmm.  I don t think we re gonna need you here at the Build-A-Bear. Thank you, all right, yeah. [laughter] I like phony. Phony s underrated. Phony gets a bad rap, you know? Why is that, like, an insult? That guy s a real phony. I love phony. Phony makes the world go round. Waiters, they don t care about you. They re being phony, and it s nice. The phonier they are, the more you tip. Nice hotel, Come on in, sir. We re so glad you came. That guy didn t give a rat s ass about you. He s being phony. We pay top dollar for phony. All right, I don t want a stripper who s authentic. Yeah, getting a lap dance, I m like, Yeah, you like that? She s like, Well, I m just trying to get my kids back. Go back. Go back to phony. Go back, go back. Phony, phony, phony. So I mentioned the gays. Any gay guys here? [man] Whoo! Hey, all right. Yes. Thanks for coming out. Literally, yeah, right. Love a good gay. My roommate s gay, that s fun. I like having a gay roommate. He s gay, I m broke. I feel like poor people and gay people have a lot in common, you know? Right, we re both born that way. [laughter] Yeah, women just want to be our friends. And, uh… when you finally tell your parents, they re like, Yeah, we knew. [laughter] I, uh… I went to the gay pride parade a couple of weeks ago. Still sore. Hand a good time, yeah. They had the homophobic guys out there with the big signs, you know? How much do you have to hate a group to make a sign? I ve never made a sign in my whole life. Yeah? Yeah? I feel bad. These people are more prejudiced than I am productive, eh? And the markers, the poster board. I don t get it. Your tactic for fighting gays is arts and crafts? Ironically, the group you hate the most could really pizzazz up that poster. [laughter] Every sign, too. God hates fags, God hates fags. Like, really, that s all you got, God hates fags ? That s not threatening. Who s scared of God? Huh? I d be more scared of a sign that said, Bill hates fags. Like, shit, is Bill here? Is that Bill? Is that Bill? Is that Bill? Is that Bill? Is that Bill? Is that Bill? Aw, is that Bill? Bill s real. Yeah. I just got an email from a gay guy with a crush on me. Gorgeous gay man, smoking hot. What a bummer I m not gay. This guy is a ten, right? A hot gay guy with a crush on you is kind of like finding a million pesos. You know, you re like, oh, man, I can t do much about this now, but if I ever cross that line, I ll be set. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. [cheers and applause] I got fired from my last job for sexual harassment. I told a woman she had nice legs, they fired me. Which pissed me off, cause my gay friends at work get away with murder. The big Hey, Shelly, how are you? Honk, honk. Ohh. What? Why is that okay? They re like, Well, he s not attracted to women. I was like, So what?  I m not attracted to kids. I can t go to a playground, Hey, Timmy, yeah. [laughter] I don t get stuff like that, you know? Like, you re a woman. Wouldn t you rather be complimented by a group that s into you? I don t care if a lesbian compliments me. Nothing against lesbians, but that doesn t help me out. Yeah? I have a lesbian s like, Hey, Mark, like your haircut. I m like, I know, you have the same one. It doesn t help me at all. Yeah. When I was at the gay pride parade, you know, I went with a friend. I ve known this guy 12 years, I had no idea he was gay. It blew my mind. He decided to come out of the closet at the parade. I had no idea he was gay. And when your friend comes out of the closet, the first thing you think is, holy hell. How many gay jokes have I made around this guy, huh? It s been 12 years, you know? It s a lot of jokes. And I had a guy in the crowd get mad, he goes, What, do you make gay jokes?  What, do you hate gays? I was like, No, you idiot.  I just make fun of who s not around. I m not prejudiced. I m a coward. [laughter] Don t we all do that? When you re with your friend Bill, you make fun of Jeff. With your friend Jeff, you make fun of Bill. I don t hate them, they just weren t there, that s all. People love calling you out on that. What, do you make fun of black people? What, are you racist? No, I just didn t see any, right? I wish I didn t see you. God, brutal. Times we re living, I feel like we re so quick to call everybody racist, homophobic, misogynist, you know? That word race, we thrown that around willy-nilly. I was at a party once, I was like, That last name, that s Korean, right? So guy goes, It s Chinese, you racist. I was like, Well, I just got it wrong. I don t hate them. We don t do that with other stuff. What are those, tulips?  They re lilacs, you botanist son of a bitch.  All right? Got my eye on you. I love flowers. I have some. Yeah, right. Yeah. Right? But you can just say a race now and people get upset. There s no context anymore. I was at a show once telling a story. I was like, Yeah, a friend of mine, black guy… Somebody actually yelled out, Hey, why s he have to be black? Well, mostly, his fucking parents. [laughter] Pretty sure it s hereditary. Yeah. I don t get why we re so sensitive about certain groups and cultures, you know? Like, you can t make generalizations anymore. That s out, you know? But certain groups have different qualities, different traits. That s just how we are, that s the fun part, you know? I made a hacky joke once about Mexicans and landscaping. This guy in the back goes, Hey, not all of them.  You re generalizing, buddy. Not all of them. All right, fair enough, but how come they never do that on a positive generalization? Now you go, Hey, Mexicans are very resilient people. And no one goes, Hey, not all of them.  Ha ha. You re generalizing, buddy. You can do it with dogs. No one gets mad about that. You can go, Hey, Chihuahuas shed less than golden retrievers. Everybody says, Yes, that s true. But if you say, Italians punch more women than Asians, everybody s like, uhh! Like, oh, why are you mad at me? I m just going off Google. I didn t do it. What did I do, yeah? Huh? Yeah. Seems like the only group you can make fun of now openly, in public is children. That s it. You can say whatever the hell you want about kids. You go, Oh, I hate kids. Don t bring your kids around.  No kids allowed. I ve killed a few, yeah.  Hate kid, yeah. Ugh. Say whatever you want about k– Imagine a show called Jews Say the Darndest Things, right? [laughter] That would never fly. It would be a great show, though, wouldn t it? How you doing, Schlomo?  We are chosen. Eh? Would be a great show. Yeah. I guess you re allowed to make fun of kids cause we all were kids at one point. That makes it a little easier. I can t be like, Hey, screw you.  I was Mexican for 18 years, all right, yeah?  Get out of my hair. And I believe in equality and all that stuff. I just make jokes. What happened to jokes, you know? I believe women should be paid the same as men, I do. I used to work at this office job. One day I walked in, this woman was crying her eyes out. She s like, I saw the paychecks.  I want to be treated like a man. I was like, Well… you want to be paid like a man.  You don t want to be treated like a man. We don t treat each other well. If you were treated like a man, some guy would walk in and see you crying and be like, Hey, suck it up, bitch.  What are you doing? Oh, my God. Jesus Christ.  Rachel s a pussy. Rachel s a pussy. Treated like a man? What are you, insane? That would be mayhem. Shelly, how are you? Vagina flick. That s, uh… That s what dudes are doing. What are you, nuts? We d have to get rid of sexual harassment laws, open the door for tittie twisters, credit card swipe, hand grenade Betty, coming at ya, yeah. Come on, ladies. You guys don t want to move furniture and kill spiders. Get out of here, all right? And why would you? I don t either. We re very hung up on treating all the groups the same, but the differences are the fun part. We should embrace that, you know? We do that with black people and white people all the time. You hear that a lot? You go, You should always treat black people and white people the same. No, you shouldn t. We should have the same rights, we shouldn t always be treated the same. That would be insensitive. We all have different shit going on. Like, if I see a black guy with a lot of jewelry on, his hat matches his shoes, I m like, Hey, cool guy. If I see a white guy with a lot of jewelry on, his hat matches his shoes, I m like, Hey, he s gay. [laughter] Differences, differences. If I m driving around with my white friend and we get pulled over, I m like, Here s my insurance. If I m driving around with my black friend and we get pulled over, I m like, Uh, I ll do the talking, thank you. [laughter] It s true. All right, if I see a white guy call a black guy the N word, I m like, well, it s gonna get ugly. If a black guy calls me the N word, I m over the goddamned moon. [laughter] What a great feeling. Come on. I m all about progress, but why does adding syllables to a word make it less offensive, you know? Used to be stupid, now it s learning disabled. Used to be retarded, now it s mentally gay or whatever, huh? [laughter] Can t keep up with the PC, you know? It s all just a gesture. None of it means anything. Like, some PC, I like, like Native American, that s good. He s not from India, why are we calling him Indian? Native American, great. I ll say that. But, like, African-American, I feel weird saying. I don t have African-American friends, I have black friends. I don t have Caucasian friends, I have relatives. [laughter] None of it adds up. Where are all the African-Canadians? Why don t we say that? Black people are born in Canada every day. We don t know what the hell we re saying anymore. We ll be like, Idris Elba is an amazing African-American actor. Well, he s British. What the… hell are we doing? [laughter] It s just white people. We re nervous. We don t know what to say. We re scared. We don t want to get fired. We don t want to offend. You could corner a white guy in the sidewalk now with a microphone, a video camera, like, What color is Ray Charles? He d be like, Uh, he s blind. [laughter] Well, what s his ethnicity?  Piano player.  Well, what color is his skin?  I got kids, man. Leave me alone. We re terrified. Come into my home now and watch the Discovery Channel, I m like, Hey, it s a great white shark.  Mediocre white. We re not all great.  I m sorry. But racism is alive and well, man. I was just down in, uh, Knoxville, Tennessee. You guys ever been there? [whistles] What a shithole. Holy hell. They are 30 years behind over there. You ever go to a town so small, they re still racist toward certain white people? You know? They re like, Hey, watch out over there.  That s where the dirty Irish live. I was like, Jesus Christ. You guys haven t made it to black people yet? [laughter] My God, you re far behind. I live in New York. We re past Arabs, let s go. [laughter and applause] Pick it up, come on. Oh. Yeah. Being racist now, very risky. You lose your job, you get ostracized from society, you make headlines. That s why if anyone s ever racist around you now, you know they trust you. It s kind of this weird, bittersweet moment, you know? You re on a smoke break with somebody, he s like, Oh, man, I can t stand Mexicans. You re like, Holy hell, you re full of hate, but I didn t know we were so close. Jesus Christ. I feel like racism and smoking are a lot alike, you know? Like, in the 50s, everybody did it. Now we know it s bad, we re trying to cut back, but some people just can t quit. We should treat racists the way we treat smokers. Now you re at your day job, some guy s about to tell a racist joke. You re like, Hey… take that shit outside, huh? Just a bunch of guys out in the cold, Oh, goddamned Jews, huh? R-r-r-r-r-r.  If I don t take those racist breaks, I get cranky. Then they go to restaurants, How you folks doing? You want the racist section or the non-racist?  Well, we ve had a few drinks. Better go racist.  All right, well, it s your funeral.  The kitchen is heavily Hispanic. Well, that s where we re at now. Everything s… tense. White privilege, that s a term you hear a lot now, white privilege. I was at a grocery store with a friend of mine, black guy, I stole a candy bar. I love to steal. I get a real rush from stealing. Yeah. I love stealing. What do you call it when you like to steal? What s the word for that? Clepto, yes. What s the one where you have sex with dead bodies? [laughter] Necrophilia, yes. I m that, too. So, yeah, yeah… So, yeah, I steal the candy bar, I get outside, I m all proud of myself. My friend goes, Ah, white privilege, white privilege. I was like, What? No, this was a robbery. [laughter] If I had gotten caught then gotten away with it, that would be white priv– this was me being an amazing thief, right? And he was like, No, no, it s white privilege because the guy didn t follow you around the store, he followed me around the store. And I was like, Well, yeah, that s why I brought you. Come on. Yeah. Oh. Yeah. Man. This wasn t diversity, this was a diversion. [laughter] But, you know, we gotta keep up with the lingo, PC. The whole PC thing just feels very phony to me. It feels bullshit. Like, you can tell PC s kind of bullshit cause you never use those words in emergency. There s too many syllables. People are hurt, you gotta help em. You don t have time to be progressive. You gotta save some lives. Like, if you see a Chinese guy get into a car accident and run over a black guy, you can t be like, Oh, my God, officer, come quick.  There s been a terrible tragedy.  An Asian-American man got into a car accident– not cause they re bad drivers– and, uh, he ran over an African-American gentleman who was crossing the street slowly– not cause they do that– and, uh… you gotta come quick, the guy s really hurt. He s drowning in a pool of his own blood– not cause they can t swim. [laughter] Now the guy s dead. You killed him. Thanks a lot. You guys are great. Thanks for coming out. Go get em. Thank you. Thank you. [cheering and applause] [woman] So easy. ? One more time ?? ? One more time ?? ? One more time [cheering and applause]

CHRIS GETHARD@CAREER SUICIDE@2017@? I hate my brain ? ? Because the things I think sometimes ? ? Are so judgmental and lame ? ? I ve got everything that I want ? ? Except my set of expectations ? ? Won t stay the same ? Thank you very much. Before I tell you anything else, I want you to know, I see a shrink. We re good. I ve been actually seeing the same shrink since 2007. I didn t start dating the woman who s now my wife until 2012. My shrink s name is Barb, which I-I think we can all agree that s the perfect name for a shrink, and Barb s the best. Even though Barb is… kind of the worst. And mostly cause she s not necessarily like, good at it, you know. She s not good at actually being a doctor. When you re a doctor, there s all kinds of rules that go along with that. When I started with Barb, I was like, I don t… think she knows that. But then very quickly, I m like, Oh, wait, no. She just doesn t give a shit, man. She once spent a portion of a session sitting on the couch with me, showing me pictures on an iPad of a house she bought in Mexico. That s also how she let me know that she was moving to Mexico. All of our sessions now happen via Skype, oftentimes while she is lounging in a hammock. She has seen me in many shows over the years, she s come out to live shows, and that s very nice, it s very supportive, I get that, but… There are these things called boundary issues. You don t want those being crossed. She once… She once saw me in a show here in New York, and my parents also attended that show, and they lived near each other in New Jersey at the time, and Barb asked my parents for a ride home… and they gave it to her. If you re not familiar with how this type of doctor/patient relationship is supposed to go, it s not supposed to end with your shrink and your parents alone in a car. But there s a reason I ve stayed with her as long as I have. I mean, it s been a decade. She can… she can be great. There s a lot of crazy stuff, and you ll hear a lot of that, but she can also be great. One time she says to me, she goes, You know what your basic problem is?  Your reactions to things are not in proportion to the things you re reacting to. And that just… Mwah! ‘Cause that s very true about me. That has always been true. Really big things will happen in my life, and I ll be like, Whatever. Who cares? And then these tiny little things will just spiral out of control. Like my wife… my wife… My wife s incredible. I think my wife s a perfect human being. Outside of… of one flaw. She does… She has one flaw. If she opens a cabinet door, that cabinet door stays open. That is a fact. I don t even know if she s aware that they move in the other direction. And unfortunately for me with my anxiety mixed with my slight OCD, if a cabinet door is open and it doesn t have to be, that feels to me like the entire world is falling apart. And there s one night, where she and I are in bed, and I can t fall asleep because I know… that in our kitchen… there is a cabinet door… and it is open. And I m in my head, I m going, Who cares?  Let it go. There are no negative repercussions to a cabinet door being open right now. And then I think to myself, You can t make that promise. And I m going, Don t do it. It is crazy if you do it. But I do, I get out of bed, and I tiptoe into our kitchen, and I close the cabinet door and when I do, I say out loud, It s over. Now, clearly that does not deserve that reaction. Barb is on the money when it comes to this one, and maybe I should know that about myself. Maybe I should know that my reactions don t always make sense. I-I really didn t, and for her to tell me that in such a simple way, that s the type of wisdom Barb drops every once in a while that makes it so worth it to stay with her. Even though she also says things like the time she told me that she believes human brains are actually computers invented by aliens and placed inside our heads. My shrink told me that. She didn t just tell me that. She forgot she told me that, and reiterated it eight months later. So I-I bet for a lot of people, the big question is, Why? Right? Like, Why do you have to see a shrink? That cabinet door thing isn t so bad. And it s not. It s also just the tip of the iceberg, unfortunately. I ve been dealing with stuff more severe than that since a really young age. Um, I didn t… I didn t know when I was 11 years old that this thing had a name: Depression. I just thought everybody in fifth grade had an internal monologue like the guy from Taxi Driver. It s very hard to verbally kind of describe what it… what it feels like. I bet anybody else who has dealt with it would agree that s… that s one of the very frustrating things about it. Um, I can say this, even when I was little, I knew I was never sure which version of myself I would wake up as on any given day. Is today gonna be a day where I m… I m really mad at everybody and I can t even explain why?  Or today am I gonna get really shy around people who I have known for my whole life?  Or, or maybe today I ll be really manic and try to convince the other kids in the neighborhood that we gotta get up on a garage and jump into our neighbor s pool.  Maybe today I ll be too scared to even leave the house because I ve convinced myself if I do, I might see the Virgin Mary and die, like those kids who saw her in Portugal a hundred years ago. Because I think we d all agree that when you re born with mental-illness-level anxiety, the cure clearly is being raised Catholic. Catholicism doesn t help anxiety. It s like, This man s watching you. Apologize for something. That s like… That s the whole religion, that s it. I didn t… I didn t see this stuff hit its peak level until I was 14. That s the first age where I had one of my attacks. And… and these attacks have plagued me ever since. Basically if my depression really gets going, I kind of can t, like, grab onto my thoughts, is how I might describe it, and I can t breathe, and my-my body is hot, and my face numb, like, actual pins and needles. When it s at its worst, my face goes numb. It s awful. So, I bet the even bigger why is Well, why does that happen? And I m sorry to tell you, no real reason. I wish. I wish I had one. I wish I had some inciting incident that I could point to and say, That. That s what caused this in me. I don t have that. I was a pretty normal kid at the end of the day. I loved basketball. John Starks, that s my dude, now and forever. Love Starks. I love pro-wrestling. The nature boy, Ric Flair. That s my guy. Woo. A couple other people, that s nice, that s good. I, uh, I loved comic books, but we can be honest, right? Marvel only. Come on! Thank you. DC Comics are bullshit, always have been. They have a character called the Blue Beetle. Get the fuck outta here. That s not okay, you know? And comedy was the big one for me. I mean, when I m nine, ten years old, all I want to do is stay up late and watch David Letterman. And I start collecting Andy Kaufman tapes when I m still in high school, and Saturday Night Live. When I was a kid, that s the best era of SNL. Chris Farley. Living in a van down by the river! It s the best, you know, so… Pretty average nerdy kid interests, you know, and no real traumas to report at home. My… My parents are still in love and married after 40 years. Like… I don t know. I don t know what caused it. Like… hate to say it, but sometimes… people just break. Welcome to a comedy show. Welcome. Ladies and gentlemen. Thank you. So, in 2001, I m 21 years old, and I find myself driving on Valley Road in Clifton, New Jersey. For anybody who s not familiar with Clifton, New Jersey, this is a very long road. It goes from one end of this town all the way to the other. So even though it s just a regular suburban road, people do drive fast on it. And I m driving behind this pick-up truck. It s a big, beat-up pick-up, the kind you d see, like, a landscaping company use. And I m listening to The Smiths. Who, if you re not familiar, The Smiths are a rock and roll group. They re from Manchester, England. Very popular in the early to mid 1980s. Um, even… even if you don t know The Smiths, you might know their… their front man. He still tours around a lot. His name is Morrissey. He s like a very legendarily emotional singer. I am clearly trying to rip off his haircut right now. And I know I m listening to The Smiths, because when I m 21 years old, all I listen to is The Smiths. Because when you re 21 years old, and you re as sad as I am a lot of the time, and you hear a lyric, like, ? If you re so funny ? ? Why are you on your own tonight ? ? I know ? ? Because tonight is just like any other night ? ? That s why you re on your own tonight ? Thanks. When you hear that, you re like, Someone gets it. Someone just verbalized this thing I have always felt. There is one person in this world who understands me. It s weird that it s Morrissey, but… I ll take it. So I-I m behind this pickup truck, and the blinker turns on, the driver s gonna turn left. I don t even slow down. I m gonna pass him on the right. I come around him, and as I do so, I realize he s done one of those, Oh, that s not the turn I m supposed to make. He s coming back into my lane. He s coming back into the right lane, and it s very clear I m in his blind spot. He doesn t see me. And I think to myself, You should hit the brakes. And then I think, No, don t.  Because this way it s just a car crash. And this way, your parents don t have to go around town being the parents of the kid who killed himself. Because we don t judge people when they die in car crashes, but we do judge people when they die of suicide. I think it s one of the strangest things we ve given ourselves permission to do, and ultimately, I think it s a branding problem… honestly. I do. I think suicide has a real branding problem. Because it has a tagline, it has its own tagline and the tagline sucks. It s very condescending. Suicide is the coward s way out. What a bad tagline. That s bad branding. A tagline s supposed to get you pumped up. You know? Like Nike, that s a good tagline. Just do it. Right? I m not saying that suicide should take that one, that s not… That s not it. Really, none of the big ones apply to this. Although, Burger King Have It Your Way kind of does fit, oddly… oddly enough. I ll say this too, I ve never understood it, the phrase. I don t get what s cowardly about suicide. To me, suicide means that someone had a lot of problems and they couldn t fight through them anymore. That is a lot of things, it s not cowardly. So this truck hits me, sideswipes me, sends my little Nissan Sentra off into this driveway. Which sounds like a safe place to end up, except, unfortunately for me, this little section of Clifton, New Jersey is built on a hill. So the driveway has a retaining wall, and I hit it head-on. Car comes crashing down on the front lawn of this house, and as soon as the car stops bouncing, I think to myself, Oh my God, I did that. And then it s silent. Until I hear the sound of an aluminum front door squeaking open. It s a very familiar sound for any of us who grew up in the suburbs. And then I hear this voice that has the same exact accent as my mother, which is the same exact accent… as Carmela Soprano. This is very true, and if there s any North Jersey people here tonight, you can vouch for me. A lot of people sound like Carmela Soprano where we grew up. That s… very true. I grew up in Essex County. That s where Sopranos took place, and they nailed the culture of it, and Edie Falco in particular. She earned every award she ever won. And that s the real message of this show tonight. That s the real, uncomfortable truth, I wish we d just speak more openly about is that Edie Falco, pretty fucking good at acting. Quite good at what she does. So, this door squeaks open, and then, I hear this Carmela Soprano go, Oh my God! And then a second door squeaks open, and I hear a second Carmela Soprano go, What s going on? And then a third door opens, and a third Carmela Soprano goes, Is he dead? And the second one goes, We don t know. And the first one says, We re trying to figure it out. So I m listening to this chorus of Carmela Sopranos debate whether or not I m dead, and I m in total shock inside the car. I m like, Maybe I am.  Maybe I m dead right now. Maybe they know better than I do. Maybe… Maybe I m dead and I m a ghost. Maybe I m the ghost of Clifton, New Jersey. Which could be worse. Could be Passaic. Which if you knew… If you knew the geography of North Jersey, you d be like, Nailed it, bro! I promise you would. You would, I promise. So these Carmela Sopranos, they re discussing me, and then I hear another voice, angry male voice. This guy says, Get the fuck out of the car. I realize this is the driver of the truck I hit. He s coming towards me from the truck. He s a big dude, he s jacked. Scary looking, not even because of the muscles, because of his outfit. He s wearing a flannel shirt with the sleeves torn off… and the shirt is tucked into a pair of Daisy Dukes. It s very disconcerting. It s very disconcerting. So he says, Get the fuck out of the car! I say, I can t, man. The door, it s all caved in. It doesn t… It doesn t work anymore. And he says, I m gonna fuck you up. And he walks around the car, and just before he gets to the passenger side door, another voice, North Jersey, Italian-American male accent. This guy sounds a lot like my best friend Anthony s dad. And… And this guy just goes, Hey calm down, man. Look at him, huh? He s just a kid. Look at him, man, he s just a kid. And the big guy goes, What?! And the Carmela Sopranos are like, What s this new development? You know? Everybody s just trying to figure it out, you know. And the Italian guy says that a couple more times. He s just a kid, man, come on. He s just a kid. And to this day, I m not sure why, the big guy turns around, gets back in his truck. He just leaves. Gets out of there. He leaves the scene, never made sense to me. The Italian guy, he opens the passenger side door, he gives me his hand. I climb out of the car. He says, You okay? And I say, Thanks, man. You saved me. And I ve always felt bad about that. Because there was a lot more to be said. Like, sure, you saved me in that immediate sense, but also you saved me because I did that. And I never ever thought I could ever actually act on that impulse. And-and-and now you re here, and you remind me of my best friend s dad. Like you saved me, but I, I didn t even know how to formulate those thoughts, let alone express them, so I just mumbled, You saved me. And I will never forget how he responds. He puts his hand on my shoulder, and gives me a nod and he says, It s all right. I wasn t gonna let a n i g g e r beat up a white kid.  Okay, thanks again, man. Thank you. And believe me, from the bottom of my heart, believe me, I hate saying that word. I hate the sound of it coming out of my mouth. And… and I wish that s not how that went. That s a true story. All these stories tonight are true. And… And I wish… I wish it was different. I wish… I wish it was the racist guy that was… that was mad at me. The roles were reversed. That s not how it went down. Life wasn t simple that day. There s these shades of gray, and I would argue that those shades of gray where things get that awful and fucked up, it s… it s a big part of why this world seems so overwhelming and depressing to people like me. So, he says that bullshit, and I m like, Oh. I thought the car crash was the rock-bottom. And I think about that day a lot. I think about the aftermath of it, and I get very upset with myself because I still didn t get help after that. Everybody in my family thought that that was a car accident. And I ve always been really good at hiding this side of myself. Anytime, anytime at all when people are asking me what s going on, I keep myself way too busy. That s always… That s always been my style. And back then, I was a full-time student at Rutgers University. – I had a full-time job. Man: Whoo. An appropriate level of enthusiasm. Many… Like Ohio State people are like, O-H-I-O! Rutgers, you like wait a minute, and you re like, I as well. Like, that s really… That s really… Thank you. I was a full-time student there. I had a full-time job, and I mentioned how much I loved comedy. I found a place willing to let me do it. It s still here, it s in New York. It s called the Upright Citizens Brigade Theatre. Great place, great place. And, uh, I started there when I was 20 years old, and… and I loved it so much. And one night, I m driving home from the UCB theater, back to my parents house in Jersey, where I still lived at the time, and it was after a particularly bad show. It was an improvised parody of Japanese anime cartoons, and I was playing a schoolgirl named Urine. And… needless to say, I wasn t feeling great about myself. And I m-I m driving, and I m like, I m so exhausted all the time. Why? And like for that. Is any of this… even worth it? And I can t… breathe, and the heat, and the pins and needles while I m driving. And I pull off of Route 46, and I stop in this bank parking lot, and I call Teresa. She was my girlfriend in college. And I say, It s happening again, and I m driving and it s scary. And she interrupts me. She does what I think is the kindest thing anybody has ever done for me. She says, Look.  Here s what s gonna happen. You re gonna go home right now. You re gonna wake up your mom and tell her what s going on. Because, look, I m calling her, okay? I m calling her first thing tomorrow morning. I m telling her, so now s your chance to get it done on your terms. She took the choice out of my hands. Thank God. That s what I needed back then. Although, believe me, that night? Not into it at all, at all. I m like, You can t do that. That s not yours to share. This isn t fair. And she s like, Fair?  You wanna talk about fair? You still call me about this shit. You dumped me 18 months ago, asshole. Touché. Touché. I do what she says. I-I get home… and it s about 2:30 in the morning, and I walk into my parents bedroom, and… and my mom s asleep in bed. And my mom is this five-foot nothing, arthritic, little Irish-Catholic lady. And, uh, and my dad… My dad had a job in Puerto Rico for like a year or so. So randomly, he just lived on the island of Puerto Rico at that time, and that means my mom s alone in this bed. It s way too big for just her, you know? It looks like she s, like, drowning in all those blankets, and I, uh… I reach out to wake up my mother, and before I touch her, I pause. Because I realize that this is the last moment in my mom s life where she gets to think that she has a normal kid… and I almost bail. I almost just walk away, but it s out of my hands now. Right? I-I gotta do it, so… I do it. I shake my mom awake, and-and she s really confused, and I just blurt it out. I say, Mom, I m… suicidal , and I m really scared. And she s blindsided by that. And I never… I never want to see my mom that frightened ever again. And-And she puts on her glasses, and-and she says, I-I didn t know. I don t know what to do. What… What do you… What do you think we should do? And I think to myself… She sounds so much like Carmela Soprano. It s ridiculous. It feels good to tell somebody what s going on, and it feels good to ask for help. And-And my mom, she steps up. Helps me find a doctor at a clinic on Bloomfield Avenue in Verona, New Jersey. And I go. At the end of that week, I see a doctor for the first time. Even though, I-I didn t… I never wanted to, you know. And I get it. The first time you see a shrink, you kind of feel like you ve failed, you know, like you re giving up. And especially where I m from, like, my neighborhood in North Jersey, you tell someone you re going to see a shrink, they re gonna be like, Wait. What? Why? Like… Like you get to fix your life up or something? What? Like… Like you deserve to be so happy? What? You think you re fucking better than me? Like that is the vibe where I grew up. I m so sorry. Thank you, sir. I m so sorry. I went… I-I-I went, and I kept going, even though I didn t like it at all, and I was proud of that. ‘Cause it was my one hour a week where I was finally fighting back. But this doctor… I notice right away, this doctor s questions, broad, vague questions, like they re not really addressing the things I m even bringing up. He s not really listening, which I-I thought for a shrink was the only job requirement, you know? I m telling him about my childhood. I-I-I m like, Parents, great, no complains there. But I did grow up in this town, West Orange, odd place at times, kind of violent and like a lot of bullying and stuff, and like no real consequences for it even. My older brother, when he was 12 years old, he got beat up by a bully so bad, this kid broke my brother s shoulder, broke his collarbone in a fight. This happened at Edison Middle School. The kid didn t even get into any trouble for that. I m a few years younger than my brother. I see that, I m like, Okay, I guess… I guess the world s, like, violent and aggressive and nobody s really going to help you out so, keep your guard up, man. Like, don t let anybody in. It really messed me up. It did. And oddly enough… I mean, this doesn t really matter, it s neither here nor there… But oddly enough that bully happened to be a little person. A dwarf broke my brother s shoulder. My childhood may as well have just been directed by David Lynch. It made no sense. It made no sense. And… And this doctor… Doctor interrupts me, and he goes, Are you gay? I m like, What s that have to do… with that? I-I-I don t think so.  That s an interesting answer. Not really though, right? Like there s a spectrum. Everybody s on it. We re fine. M kay. M kay. But did your father hit you?  Did you not hear what I just said? Like, A dwarf was breaking bones.  We definitely have shit to talk about.  Did your gay father hit you? I said, motherfucker. What I realized is like he had these checklist questions. He asked everybody these questions. I smelled a rat. It was bullshit. I didn t like it. But I stuck with it, I did stick with it, and, um, even went on medication through the clinic doctor. The first time, first time I went on meds, it was via the clinic doctor, and I didn t want to do that either… for many reasons. Chief among them, mental health medications, to my knowledge, that s the only type of medication that when people find out you re taking it, they feel this freedom to offer up their entirely unsolicited opinions about it, right to your face, it happens all the time. And I don t think it s okay with any other sickness to just like say shit about the medications. Like nobody has ever been diagnosed with diabetes and had their ignorant cousin go, You re gonna take insulin?  For now, right? You ll get off that shit someday. No one in human history has ever said the words, What s so wrong with your life that you need chemotherapy? Never been said. But when you take the medicines I take, people say stuff like that, legit, all the time. So, I m pushing back against it. I m giving myself all the usual excuses. You won t really be yourself anymore. Right? Or, uh… You ll be walking around in a fog. Or the big one for people like me, You won t be creative anymore. You won t be funny if you take those pills. You won t be funny unless you re a Sylvia Plath-esque, tortured soul improv kid. Which, I will tell you, in my opinion, which is really all this show is, um… That-that-that creativity thing, that s the biggest bullshit myth that we allow to perpetuate, and I don t get it, and not just perpetuate, we romanticize that one. Still. We do. People have said to me, people have said to me, like, Yeah, but like , Kurt Cobain though, right? Like, Those songs. Kurt Cobain. And I m like, Okay.  You know what I d love, though? I d love if Kurt Cobain was still alive, putting out shitty light rock albums. I d love that. I would love it if in December, Kurt Cobain dropped a Starbucks exclusive Christmas album. I d love that. I d love that. I also, it s… I don t even think it s true. Like I get it, I get that certain drugs can dull your creativity, but a good doctor will just put you on different drugs. And one of my life s true regrets, is that I bought into that one for years. I didn t take medicine for that reason, and what a waste of time, because I m happy to tell ya, at least in my case, I am significantly fucking funnier on medication. It s not even… Thanks. It s not even a contest. It s not, and like… I was always so scared I d lose my ideas. That was the big fear from back then. I ll lose my ideas if I take those pills. And I think about these ideas from back then, that I was so scared to lose, and… Like, there was a night at Rutgers, I call up all my comedy friends, I say, Drop what you re doing.  Meet me at the diner. I have the best idea I have ever had. And they do. They show up at the diner. They re like, What s going on? I m like, Well, here s what s going on is  we re gonna write a play, tonight. It s gonna be called Time Phone. It s about a phone where when you pick it up, you can talk to people in other eras of time. We re gonna perform it, one night only, also tonight…  in the cash machine booth at a local bank.  First question, I know. Who s gonna see it? Great question. Well, if anybody needs money, I guess they ll catch a few minutes of Time Phone. And if not, then whatever, guys. It s just for us, then, right? Like then it s just art for art s sake, right, guys? Right, guys? Right, guys? And they re all eating chicken fingers, like, No. And not only is Time Phone a pretty bad idea, it is already the plot of a Dennis Quaid movie. Frequency is just that with a ham radio. That s what I m so worried about? That I won t be able to fly into a manic fit, and rip off Dennis Quaid? So, even though I m one of these people that s like, Medications, yeah. I don t know about that. It turns out, they do work really well for me. And I know people have strong opinions on this one, so, let me just get this out of the way. I m not trying to convince anybody about any of this. I promise I m not. I m not a shill. This show is not secretly sponsored by Pfizer, I swear. We re good. I m not even gonna say that going on this drug is a… This type of drug, it s not an easy thing to do. I would never say that. There s side effects. There s side effects now. Let alone in 2002. The drug cocktail that the clinic doctor put me on then, it was Depakote, Wellbutrin, and Risperdal. And Depakote, clinic doctor says, You know, one of the side effects of this is you can t lose weight while you re taking it. So, be careful what you eat. And I say, Got it. But I m 22 years old, so I eat whatever I want. And very quickly, I develop the physique of… like a… like a sad uncle who s like, Maybe I should ve gotten married. That was my body type: Dejected uncle. Wellbutrin, some people have side effects from it. I ve never had any side effects from Wellbutrin. I m back on Wellbutrin today, and I love it! That s what I have for breakfast every morning, is my ‘Butrin. Give me that Byootch, baby. It goes down smooth. That s a tagline. Glad to see I got some other Byootch people here tonight. That s good, that s good. Now, I don t know if anybody s ever heard of Risperdal. Whoo! You? Usually doesn t get cheers, that one. Usually people are like… ‘Cause you guys can… You do know that s a heavy duty one, though. Everybody who s heard of that knows, that s an antipsychotic. Um, I was put on that cause about halfway through my time at Rutgers, I started having very severe paranoia, and it was getting delusional. For example, Rutgers is a very big campus, and they have buses to take the kids around, and you have to push that thing, tell the driver when it s time to stop the bus, you know. And I d go to push that thing and I d go, Hmm. Nah, don t… don t push that. If you push that, they can track you. And I d hear myself think that, and I d go, Hold on. There is no they. And on the off chance that there is, I highly doubt that they are interested in the comings and goings of a C-plus American Studies major, at an admittedly mid-tier state university in New Jersey. You know that it s true. You know that it s true. I take the Risperdal, that stops right away. I stop thinking that cops are following me. It s freedom. It feels like this… this freedom. It does have one side effect. It makes my back muscles tighten up. This is apparently pretty common with this drug, so they also put me on a muscle relaxer. And that has a side effect… that we are going to talk about. We re all familiar with male ejaculate, yeah? I know that due to lifestyle preferences or experience levels not all of us come into contact with it on the regular, but we re all adults here tonight. We all understand that men ejaculate, that there s a companion substance known as ejaculate. We all know a certain range of colors to be expected with this substance. There s a certain level of viscosity that one can rely upon in dealing with this substance. This is… This is why you ll be so surprised to hear that when I was 22 years old, I was masturbating, which is not the surprising part at all. When you re a 22-year-old male, masturbation is most of what you accomplish on any given day. It s like golf. It s like a sport you play against yourself, you know? And I wanted to be good at it. I was putting in my Malcolm Gladwell 10,000 hours on that one. In a big way. No, the surprising part is that I finished, and I… I came water. Think about how I felt. Water came out of here… and then very quickly, water came out of here. Because it was disturbing, you can imagine. You have all these thoughts, you re like, Oh, I guess I m so fucked up , that God s now removed my ability to reproduce. You have that thought. And then even physically it wasn t good, like it was not even a good amount of water. And I m already not the most powerful ejaculator. And if there s one thing you remember from this show… if there s one thought that really sticks with ya, I hope it s that, that I, Chris Gethard, not the most powerful ejaculator. But it-it was not even good by my standards. Like, you know when your landlord s working on the pipes and disconnects the water, but you don t know it and you turn on the faucet, and get that last little… I would ve killed for that water pressure. I would have loved that. Really, the only thing that I can compare it to is when you re eating spicy food, and… and you open your mouth too wide, and then from under your tongue, you get that spritz. That little saliva, you know? Where I grew up that was called gleaking. We called that gleaking. They don t put that on the bottle. Possible side effects include… your dick gleaks. They leave… They leave that one out. Every time I bring up the medications, it always makes me think about Barb. Because when I started with Barb in 2007, she says to me, You need to be back on pills, that s very clear. But… check this out. I get a lot of free samples from the pharmaceutical companies, so maybe we ll just, like, slip you some. Get the dosage right, you know? Now this is perfectly legal, but I like that she handled it with the tone of a street level drug dealer, I love that. I loved it, made me laugh, made me feel comfortable. Like, like she s playing ball with me. Like, it made me feel like she was ready to go any length for my treatment, I love that. Although, first to admit, she can take that too far every once in a while. Like, there was a time, before she moved to Mexico, I m in her… I m in Barb s office one day, she says to me, Hey, there s this guy, his office is right down the hall from mine. We ve been teaming up on patients, we re getting great results. My specialties, his specialty. A lot of crossover there. I think you need to go see this guy. I say Okay. What s his specialty? She says, Numerology. And I go, I go, Numerology numerology? Like… like, I give this guy my birthday and then other significant dates throughout my life, and then he analyzes them and predicts my future? And she says, Bingo. I m like, No, that… Not for me, you know? Although, I don t judge it. I actually don t. Like, if she says people are feeling better because of numerology, then great, whatever makes people feel better, I m a proponent of it. Different things work for different people all the time. You know, like some people self-medicate and apparently it works, I m jealous. That s great, more power to you, I tried. Alcohol… was how I tried to self-medicate. When I started with Barb, she says to me, she goes, You don t drink booze anymore, huh? How come? Are you, you an alcoholic? And I m like, I m not an alcoholic. I never drank every day. And she goes, That s actually not what being an alcoholic is. It s a lot more about your relationship with alcohol. And I go, Barb, we can move on, okay?  Like, I d get a little out of control, but we re good. I m not an alcoholic. And she says, Give me an example of your behavior. And I m like okay, fine. I remember one night at Rutgers. I m out drinking at the bars on Easton Avenue, and I m with this girl. We ve always been very flirty, and I really want to impress her, so every time she has a pint, I have a pitcher. Throwing it back and really quickly. She s like, Yo, this isn t cool, man. I m gonna head home. And I m like, Great. Yeah. Whatever. I ll head home, too, no problem. And here s where I baffle myself, is I know I ve had too much to drink. That just happened, it s embarrassing. Still, I get home, my roommates are drinking, I grab a bottle from one of them, crack it open, chug the entire thing top to bottom, throw the empty bottle on the ground. Now, my roommates are drinking Mad Dog 20/20. Woo! Which some of you have heard of. For anybody who s not familiar with Mad Dog 20/20, congratulations. You ve never been homeless, that s great. That s great. We re drinking strawberry-kiwi flavor. I drank the whole thing, my roommates are like, We can t believe you just did that. I m like, Oh? You can t? Gimme another one. I chug another entire big bottle of Mad Dog, that s when this night goes nuts. I start opening windows, and I m yelling at people out on the streets, and I m getting in my roommates faces trying to convince them they should fight me, and I m rolling around on the ground. And in the middle of all this chaos, my roommate Phil comes home, and he doesn t size things up well. He goes Bros, I m going to a frat party. Anybody wanna come? And the rest of my roommates were like Phil, no.  No. No, no, no. And I m like Yeah.  I m coming to the frat party, Phil,  I m coming and I m… I m just gonna do me, Phil.  I m just gonna behave however I feel like it tonight, Phil,  and if anybody has an issue with that, I ll let them know  that you re responsible for bringing me, Phil. I ll let everybody know. And right then, my roommate Dan grabs me and goes Phil, run! And Phil runs. He sprints out the front door of our house. Dan s holding my arms down, he s like, You gotta calm down, man. I m like, Fine, whatever. He helps me up to my room, in the attic, up all the steps. I get undressed, he tucks me into bed. I fall asleep. Should be the end of this story. Except the next thing I know, I… come to again and I m… I m fully clothed, and I m running… down the middle of a street in New Brunswick, New Jersey. And I m wearing… a Batman mask. I don t know where I got it. I ve never owned a Batman mask. I don t even like DC Comics! But I m wearing it, and I am running, maybe from the person I stole the Batman mask from. I black out again. I come to on the front porch of a house. I m trying to open the door. There s a guy, holding it closed from the other side, going, No, seriously, Batman, you cannot come in here. I black out. I come to, I m on top of a parked car. I m jumping up and down. There s people surrounding the entire car going, Batman! Batman! I black out. I come to. I m back in my room, thank God, and I m sitting on the edge of my bed, blinking through the Batman mask, and as… as I get my bearings I realize that on the couch, in the corner of my room, there are two adult men who can only be described as sketchy, and they re looking at me. And I say, Hey, uh, you have to get out of my house. And they look at each other and the one guy goes, Wait. What? And I go, You-you have to go. You have to get out of my house. And the other guy goes Okay. But what happens? And I realize… that I… must be in the middle of telling these guys a story. And they want to know how it ends. But I don t know, I m completely obliterated. I don t know what s going on, so I stand up and I m like, Seriously, you-you gotta go. You gotta get out of my house. And at that exact moment, Barb interrupts me and is like, Yeah. You are definitely an alcoholic. Okay. Now by-by 2004, I m actually feeling pretty good. I ve been going to see the clinic doctor for two years. I ve been medicated for two years. I ve been sober for two years. And I m learning to let my guard down, letting people in. And I don t think it s a coincidence I have this newfound positivity. That year, I get my first full-time job in comedy. I am hired to be the writers assistant for a show on Comedy Central, and that s not a very glamorous entertainment job, a writer s assistant. There s a lot of ordering lunches and making copies and stuff, but I don t care, you can imagine. I m this kid, I ve always clung to comedy, and now it s my gig, that is… the best. Oh, there is… There s one hitch. They say you have the job, and it starts on Monday, in Los Angeles. Now at this point, I-I still live in Montclair, New Jersey. I m about ten minutes away from my mom. I-I have to call her up, and say, Hey, Ma, I got this great news, but… remember… a couple years ago, I woke you up in the middle of the night, saying that I wanted to be dead? Now I m gonna go… 3,000 miles away. I m actually going to go as far away as I can go and still be… in the continental United States. And you can imagine, a lot of fear from my mother, a lot of concern like, You can t… Maybe, you can just like wait  and get a job in New York, you know, but… She knew, she knew I had to go, and I do. I do. I drop my entire life, and I drive cross-country, and that trip s the best. For me, that trip is 3,000 miles of nothing, but The Smiths. That is it, because when you re 24 years old, and you re feeling hope for the first time in a long time, and you hear a lyric like, ? When you want to live ? ? How do you start? ? ? Where do you go? ? ? Who do you need to know? ? ? Ohhh ? You are like, Totally different era of life. This motherfucker still gets me. How does he do it? He s a genius. We all know, he would ve been knighted a long time ago if he didn t threaten to kill the queen so many times, right? Definitely. Definitely. Definitely. All these things… All these things happen on this trip. Like, I stay in this hourly hotel in Indiana that I think was a brothel. Didn t ask, never knew for sure. And I got stuck, I got stuck in a lightning storm in Texas, which was actually very beautiful… and dangerous but beautiful. And then I m driving in New Mexico, on this long straight highway, and this side of the car, it s just prairie, it s just grass, that s it, that s all you can see, and-and this side, sand, nothing but desert. And we all know, it s very desolate out there in the West. I m driving 30… 35… 40 minutes, I don t pass another car the entire time. I m just out there, alone. Except for the train. There s these train tracks, they re right alongside the highway, and it s one of these big freight trains that you see out in the middle of the country, and I get really into it. I m not… I m not sure why, I-I-I just start glancing over, I m like, Okay. Uh-huh, uh-huh. It looks like we got ourselves some train action right now, huh? You know, I m trying to guess what s in it, you know? I m like, Maybe it s like… Maybe it s like hay?  No. You don t put hay in a train, you fucking idiot.  Coal. It s gotta be coal. And then the tracks veer off towards the horizon, and I m like, Oh! I wanted to get to the bottom of the mystery. And then they come back towards the highway, and I m like, Oh-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-ho, looks like we re just at the beginning of our journey, train. I couldn t figure out why it was making me feel so elated, and then I-I realized that for the first time since the age of eleven, I m not worried about anything. And I swear to you, I could see it in my head what this must have looked like from above. Like I could see a flash of the bird s-eye view, and I realize, zoom out just a little bit, and you won t even be able to make out my car against the asphalt of the road. And zoom out a little bit more than that, and those train tracks, you d be like, is that another road or a river? What s… What s going on there? And zoom out just a little bit more, and all of it blends together. None of it makes any sense. And it occurs to me… that I m… small… and I… do not matter… and that is beautiful. And what I mean by that is, I was living this life where every day, I mean, every single day, usually before I even left the house, I d find some reason to be angry… or sad… or scared. And ask the other depressed people in your life, you do that enough days in a row, you just become convinced that that s who you are, that s how you re wired, that… that s how you have to live, because that s your option. And… I realized out there on that highway in New Mexico, that another option is maybe someday I die old and happy. I honestly didn t know… that I had that option. So, anyway, I make it to California, I conquer the entertainment industry, depression goes away forever. Thank you, guys. Thank you so much, thank you. Thank you! No, No need to… It was fake the whole time, it was… California, I didn t conquer… I didn t conquer anything. By a long shot. California was fun. It was not… Whoo! Whoo! California, fun. As the Beach Boys said in 38 songs, California, fun, whoo-hoo. I ve brought up New Jersey 170 times to no enthusiasm. Woman: Whoo! I mention California once, and people are like, Yeah! California was fun. It was not all sunshine, and I actually mean that in a literal sense. I… I wind up renting this very cheap room. It has no window. And I… Also, in my office, it has no window, and I m working very long hours, so… I ve never been to California in my life, I finally get out there and just never see the sun, and it gets unhealthy, very fast. I start getting nosebleeds all the time, like three times a week. And my boss, he grabs me eventually, and he says Hey, you have to go outside for 30 minutes everyday. I m ordering you. And I go Why? And he goes Because I think… I m… watching you die. So I do. I go outside for half an hour every single day. I play basketball with Juancho and Humberto, who to this day, they re the coolest guys I ve ever met. They… They work on our show. They grew up in Tijuana, Mexico. They re so smart and funny, and just like, by far, to this day, the most chill dudes I ve ever hung out with. And they re really tough, but… they also love Morrissey. Which, I don t know if everybody s heard about this? It turns out in Southern California, almost every Mexican-American male just has a real love of Morrissey. I promise I m not being racist. Google it. There s éses trying to get to the bottom of this shit. There are, and to meet guys who are tough, but who also love Morrissey? I ve never felt better about this in my life. Never. Never felt better about that one. I ll say this too, even with the Internet, 3,000 miles means you can cut people out, and, and there were people who were very, very negative in my life, I just never spoke to them again, and life starts getting fun. It really does, I, uh… I sleep with two girls in the four months that I am in California, which, back then, Sinatra-esque hot streak. You have… no idea. And I m meeting all these new people, and they don t know me. They do not know me as this anxiety-riddled mess from New Jersey. They re just like… Who s this new kid that loves sex and basketball? That s who I am to them. Then a great thing happens. We get a mid-season pick up, which is really rare in TV. It means while we re working on our show, the network calls, and they re like, Hey, we love how it s coming out.  Keep going. We re gonna give you even more money than we originally said, so you can make more. Your dream gets to be your job, at least a little while longer. And it s great news. There are a lot of logistics to take care of though, like, uh, like I have to call the clinic doctor back in New Jersey. I call the clinic doctor, I leave a message on his answering machine, and I say, Hey, good news, but… it means I have to be out here for four months. You prescribed me three months worth of medication, and so just let me know how we handle that. And about a week goes by. I don t hear back, so I call again. I leave another message on the clinic doctor s machine. And I say, Hey, I counted out my pills , and I m definitely running out while I m out here, so… I don t know, can you prescribe over the phone, or… should I space out when I m taking them? I-I just need a game plan. Because you don t want to go cold turkey off any medication really, right? Let alone a mental health one. Let alone Risperdal. Right, Risperdal people? No way! If you want to be able to not fall asleep tonight, Google What happens if I go cold turkey off Risperdal? Read the very lengthy list that comes up. I ve done it. Here s some of my favorite selections from that list. Psychosis. Blackout states. Homicidal thoughts and actions.  Sweating, and I love that they even include sweating. Why bother? Why put sweating on that list? Why? It s like, Oh, if you don t black out and murder somebody… Whew! But all-all-all jokes aside, I m getting very scared, and a few days later I call again, I m leaving another message on the clinic doctor s machine. He picks up, cuts me off while I m leaving it he says, I don t understand why you keep calling me.  You re not my patient anymore.  And I say, Excuse me?  And he says You, you… When you started with me , when you started with me, you signed paperwork, it said,  if you don t see me for a certain number of weeks,  then I am no longer responsible for you.  I am not liable for you. And I cut him off, I say hold on. Okay.  Let me, let me just cop to this.  If you say I signed that piece of paper, I m sure I did.  I m certain you re correct about that.  But please just keep in mind that  the first day I saw you, I signed a lot of pieces of paper.  I was also 22 years old.  I was suicidal, and I was terrified.  So pardon me,  if I don t remember every piece of paper that I signed.  And even if that is the case,  that s how you handle this?  You just chose…  to not pick up the phone?  I ve told you more about me than I ve ever told anybody. You know I am further away from my family than I ve ever been, and you chose to not… pick up the phone. That is… really fucked up. And… I wind up… talking about this situation with a-a coworker, and she puts me in touch with… with her shrink. I get like a last minute emergency appointment. And I see this guy, I m really freaked out, telling him what s going on, and he stops me about five minutes into the session, he stops me, and goes, Hold on.  I m gonna calm you down. I m gonna write you your prescription right now, right in front of you, so you know that you have these. Because you need these. And I m quoting him when he says, Your doctor in New Jersey… sounds like an asshole. That s his professional diagnosis of his peer. That job s up. I come back East. I see the clinic doctor again. I say, Get me off these pills, man.  Because I can only get em from you, and I ll never trust you again. I-I just won t. Get me off the pills. And I do, I wean off the pills at the end of 2004, safely. And 2004 to 2007, good years, honestly. No complaints at all. I-I move to New York, start picking up jobs, none of them are the dream, but I m inching closer. Writing gigs, weird ones. At one point, I m hired to write jokes for the NFL Player Chad Ochocinco. Nobody, to this day, nobody has ever explained to me why a member of the Cincinnati Bengals needed jokes, but I ll take your money, I don t care. I ll take that cash, give me that. I get acting… I start getting acting work. I m getting mostly commercials, mostly commercials. If you search my name on YouTube, to this day, you go deep enough in the search results, you can still find a very annoying commercial for H&R Block where I wear lederhosen. You can find that. And, I once auditioned for a Subway Sandwich commercial to play the role of. Man Who Is Unattractive to Women. That was the character s name in the script. They couldn t even call him Doug or something like that. I didn t book that part, I m assuming because… And I m home one day. I m in Woodside, Queens where I live at the time, and I m in my underwear and a T-shirt. I m eating cereal, not because it s breakfast time, but because the gas has been disconnected from my stove. Not even because I m broke, I just forgot to pay it a few times and they turned it off, and I m like, whatever, I don t care, who cares, and it stayed off for a year and a half. And… It s true. My phone rings. My phone rings. It s a 212 number I don t recognize. Hello?  Hey buddy, how s it going?  It s all right… I m sorry, who is this?  Seth Meyers! Now, I-I just want to be very clear. Seth Meyers is behaving as if he and I have spoken on the telephone before. This is not the case. Oh, um… Is everything okay?  Yeah, actually, I wanted to run something past you. We have a little extra money in the budget this year. Do you want to come be a writer at Saturday Night Live?  Yeah… I do. Turns out, I have a two-week guest writer contract at SNL. Next thing I know, I m at 30 Rockefeller Center. I m walking the halls with all the pictures of the past hosts. It s like Steve Martin, Tom Hanks. Jason Priestley? Really? Like what, you know? I m staying up all night. I m staying up all night, working on sketches with the cast and the writers, it s like so hands-on. It s so fun. It s everything we ve all read about in the too many oral histories of that show. Then the two weeks is up, and it goes away. And they re nice about it, they re cool. They re like, Yeah, we like what you do, it s just not what we do, you know? It s not a great match. This job s not for you. And man, does the bottom fall out. And I want to be clear. I need to be clear. I m not trying to stand up here in front of you guys, going, Oh. Poor me. I didn t get a cool job. That s not the issue. The issue actually is… that I did get the job and nothing changed. Nothing. I spent my whole adult life chasing jobs, that s just what I did, and I always figured you get one of those jobs, you know, like one of those brass ring jobs everybody s trying to grab onto. You ve got to feel so validated, right? Like everyone has to recognize how amazing you are. That didn t happen, and I knew in my heart, I knew even if that had worked out long term, that was never going to happen. No job can change the fact that I don t have it together enough to have a functioning stove. Comedy does not exist to fix me. Maybe, just maybe, banking my entire emotional health on a successful career in the arts wasn t a good idea. And the next few months, bad, bad. Ends with me having an attack that lasts for four days, unbroken, four days long. It s the longest one I ve ever had. It was brutal. And my roommate at the time, starts making me sleep on the couch, and then, he s making sure I fall asleep before he does. He thinks I m gonna hurt myself. And on the fourth day, he says, Dude, don t put me in this position anymore, man. You gotta… You gotta find help, man. I m getting really scared. And this is a guy who grew up in Chicago, and like doesn t, he doesn t get scared. He doesn t… he never… he s… He didn t want to go to the hospital when he had fucking kidney stones. He s never been scared. Gets through to me, and I do what he says, and I reach out to some doctors, and that s when I find Barb. And guess what, guys? Everything s great now, because… He s melancholy, she s quirky, but it works! Gethard and Barb, coming to ABC Family this fall! Family friendly sitcom. I wish… I wish it was like we sail off into the sunset when I meet my weirdo shrink, but… that… that would be very disingenuous actually. Because that would imply that meeting Barb has somehow healed me, and that s… not the case at all. I still take pills everyday as soon as I wake up, every night right before bed. I ve gotten past this tough guy I won t need the pills some day thing. It s medicine, I take it, it s fine. And I still get depressed, pretty frequently, actually. Although, I think you ll be happy to hear, nine times out of ten, when it shows up now, I can handle my depression how we all handle a cold. You know, like there s days, there s days where you wake up and you re just like… Ugh, I feel like this, ugh, okay. And then you move on, right? You do what you have to do, you go to work. I m lucky enough to come here as my work. You guys go to offices where you GChat people, it s like, you know, you do what you do. I can handle my depression that way, because I take my medicine, and because I have worked very hard, and because I lean on Barb. With her help, I have decided that at the very least, I would love it… if this wasn t the thing that kills me. I can say that now. And since she came up again, since I mentioned Barb one more time, I want to make sure you guys know, Barb is well aware of this show. She knows all about it. I was… I was really up front with her, actually. I say, I go, Barb.  One of the running themes of this show,  one of the ideas that I return to again and again,  is that you re not great at your job.  Is that okay with you? And she says, Yeah, whatever. She goes I think you should work on it, like, it sounds like a good challenge.  If you can make that stuff funny, it ll be more gratifying than the usual bullshit jokes you write. She goes, I actually think it s a really good idea.  I think it s such a good idea that you should come to Mexico, live in my house, and you and me will write the show together. And I go No! She says, Why? I m like, You have to pretend to be a real doctor one fucking time! What are we even talking about? But even with her in my life, even with someone like Barb, who I so clearly trust, and enjoy as much as I do, stuff still goes down every once in a while. The last really major incident I had, it was in 2012. I d been seeing Barb for five full years by then. I fell off the wagon that year. I performed comedy at a music festival called Bonnaroo, and after the show, a bunch of the comedians wanted to celebrate, and they say, Hey, we think we re gonna do some MDMA. And I said, Oh, I ve heard of that, right. MDMA, they call that Molly. That s the stuff Ecstasy is made out of, right? Like, I ve heard that s very fun. And they re like, It s so fun, and it s actually super relaxed, man. It s very chill. Like, I don t know, like, maybe. And I m like, You know what, I haven t had a drink in many years at this point , clearly I can demonstrate some self-control now. I think I m gonna try some MDMA. And I do. I try it and I like it. I like it a lot. I m like, Wow, my skin is so… tingly, and I had no idea that a fire hydrant, and me, and God are actually the same thing. Never knew any of that. I like it so much that over the next 36 hours, I personally eat $300 worth of MDMA. Which we just heard some users gasp at. Because you guys know, that s too much MDMA. It also was explained to me later, I guess it s well-known amongst people who use this drug that you re gonna get depressed in the days after you do it. This is like a thing everybody knows about this drug. I would not have taken it if I had known that. I suffer from lifelong massive depression issues. All I needed to do to avoid a completely fucked up summer, was just take out my phone and just Google, MDMA, what happens? That s it! I didn t even put in that much work and everything goes haywire. I-I get back to New York. I break up with this girl who I ve been seeing for years, and I move out on that roommate who I think saved my life, and I start staying out all the time. I m partying like seven nights a week. I start sleeping around, which, we ve known each other for, like, an hour. You guys know that that s not me. I am well aware that I look like I wandered off the pages of a children s clothing catalogue. I know that. But I m… I m charming… I m not gonna claim I m charming all of New York City that summer, but I m definitely charming significant portions of both Greenpoint and Williamsburg. That is true. It turns out, looking vaguely like Ira Glass goes a long way in Brooklyn. It does, it turns out. Turns out. There was one girl who I could not charm, and I remember it very well because it, it actually hurt, it hurt… it hurt pretty bad. There was this group of friends, we always went out dancing, that was our thing, and this one girl, she was this leggy redhead punk rocker. I thought she was the coolest, and we live in the same neighborhood, so, walking home same direction, you know, and the vibe is there. I decide to make the move. And she goes… Pfft! I m like… But we re friends. We re friends, and she s like, Yeah, I mean, like, no offense, like, maybe someday, but come on, dude, you got to get your shit together. And I m like, Oh that, yeah.  Absolutely no argument from me. You are very perceptive. I only like you more now, it was one of those, you know? And I tricked Barb that summer… mostly via lying. Because I told her, I told her I did the drugs, and she asked if I was okay, and I just said yeah. I didn t tell her everything was spiraling out of control. She had no idea. I was hiding it. She didn t know I was behaving really erratically, very out of character. If she had known that, she would have done a lot of things differently. She says to me that summer, Hey, I think you have ADD. I want to put you on Adderall. And I say, Yep! Because I don t know much about Adderall except that college kids abuse it, and it was that kind of summer, man. It really was. It turns out, Adderall is an amphetamine. I didn t really… I didn t know that. It s an amphetamine. Scientifically speaking, it s not that different from meth. And that summer I basically become a meth head. I m popping Adderall like jelly beans. I am eating 60 milligrams of Adderall every day. Which we just heard a grad student gasp at. We heard it. Good luck on your thesis. I hope it goes well. Now this drug, I m not trying to throw this drug under the bus, it can really turn people s lives around, it really can. I was abusing it. I deserved all the weird side effects that I got, and there were many, there were many. Anything that happened to my body that summer, if I Google Adderall, comma, whatever s happening, it comes up. Like, Adderall… Can t get a boner. Yep. Adderall… Boner will not go away. Yep. Adderall… Shitting blood. Yep. Turns out that Adderall can make you, like, very dehydrated, and… and hypertense, and that gives you these internal hemorrhoids, and then what happens… is like, let s say maybe like, like maybe you re not eating enough fiber, you know, or like, you got some stressful stuff going on. You go, you re not hydrated, you push, they burst, the blood. Did you guys have any questions or…? Are you good? Okay. You re good? Great, good, good. Good, everybody s good, guys. Everybody s good. I m so sorry. I m so sorry. I go to see a doctor about this problem. He bends me over a table. He takes a device that, I m not kidding, is called an Anoscope. He inserts it into me, then recoils and says, Wow! You have particularly beefy hemorrhoids. So that s been said to me. So that summer, I start doing as many shows as I can, cause comedians in New York, we re really lucky. If I want to do five, six, seven shows a night, I can do that in this town, I m lucky. You know, that s if I want to break my back, and as you guys know, if I… If I don t want people asking me what s going on I keep myself way too busy. So one Sunday night, I m on stage, at the Upright Citizens Brigade, where I came up. I m in an improv show there. It s called Asssscat. It s been running for 20 years, and it s a pretty notorious show. Mostly because famous people do it, like the SNL cast, or different sitcom stars when they re around, drop in, mess around, do improv. That s important, it s a mess around show. It s not… If you go and no one s taking it seriously, I m warning you now, like, people make fun of each other, sell each other out, people will be drinking on stage. It s fun though. It s like, it s not a good show. It s-it s-it s good people intentionally doing a bad show. It s fun… It s like the comedy equivalent of the NBA All-Star game in that way. Which even if you don t like basketball, I m begging you, watch the All-Star game. It is my favorite thing all year. You get all the best basketball players on the entire planet, no exaggeration, and they show up in the same arena, and then they re like, You know what? This doesn t count in the standings. Shoot from half court, nobody play defense, who gives a shit about this! And its really fun, man. It s really fun. And… I m in a scene… with another actor, and he makes a joke about me. Fair game, that happens every… every week in this show, people make jokes about each other, you know, let it go, who cares? But… but that summer, I-I-I just can t handle it. I… I don t even remember what I say, but his response is, Well at least, I can straighten my arms, and he s referring to this. I don t know if you noticed that about me. I got this thing going on, my mom has it, and she passed it on to me, and it sucks, but who cares. Let it go, make fun of him back, move on, that s how the show works. You know, but… but that summer, I feel like, Man , all these people are laughing at what I think is this really hideous thing about me. And when that thought, enters my brain, my breath just goes… And the… heat… and the pins… and needles, and this is happening on stage, and that… that s never, that s never happened before, and I-I-I can t… let all these people see this, and… I don t know what to do. So, I turn around and I leave. I walk, I walk offstage. In the middle of the show, I leave, and… people always want to know, people always ask me, Who said the thing about ya? Who said that joke about your arms? They always want to know, and I have not wanted to share it, because famous people do get involved in that show, and I don t want this thing with my name on it to be reduced to, like, TMZ gossip bullshit. But… during our stage run of the show, like, we took audience feedback sometimes, and people expressed that they were very dissatisfied by that, and they were passionate about it, to a weird degree. Like multiple people used the word, cheated. And one guy… one guy used the phrase, blue balled. I m like, Calm down. Calm down, you know, so… So what I ve done, and I want to honor it even here is, I ve come up with this game as a compromise, where every single time I perform this show I give one hint, and then it s up to you guys. Is that… is that okay? If I give you one hint? Man: Yeah! Great. Here s your one hint. He played a character named Kenneth the Page on 30 Rock. So, put on your detective hats and see what you can do. I walk off stage. This mystery actor follows me. And he s behind me in the tech booth at UCB. This is a long, narrow hallway, he s behind me, he s mad, and I get it, I do. He s like, Dude, that s how the show works, man, you can t do this.  Like, we both look bad. You look like a baby. You re making me look like a bully, man. This is not cool, and… he s correct about that. He is correct about that. And we… I want to make sure you guys know, he and I had already been very tight friends for over ten years at the point, and we re still friends today. He lives in Los Angeles now, and he still texts me every single year on my birthday, which is way more than you get from most of your friends that move to Los Angeles. It is. He s a good guy, very good guy. Good friend, and he did not have ill intentions. But he also hadn t seen me yet. He s been behind me this whole time. We get to the Green Room, I turn around, I don t even say a word, and he goes, I m sorry. I didn t know. Because 10 years of friendship, he understands, I deal with this stuff, and as soon as he looks me in the eye, he realizes that. I… am not even there. So, he says, I m sorry. I didn t know. And I say, It s okay.  It s not your fault. It s just been a really, rough summer… Jack McBrayer. So I push past the mystery actor, and I leave UCB, and I get in my car. I should not be driving like this, but I m… I m freaking out, and I m making random turns, I have no plan, and the next thing I know, I m in the Lincoln Tunnel, I m headed to Jersey. I don t know why. I haven t lived in Jersey in ten years at this point, but that will always be my home, and-and-and maybe if I get out there, I ll calm down. I do, and I don t. It s just getting even worse. I gotta try something else. And the next thing I… I do is I put on The Smiths. Because when you re 32 years old… you re having a night like that, and you hear lyrics like, ? Sing me to sleep ? ? Sing me to sleep ? ? I m tired, and I ? ? I wanna go to bed ? ? Don t feel bad for me ? ? I want you to know ? ? Deep in the cell of my heart ? ? I will feel so glad to go ? ? There is another world ? ? There is a better world ? ? There must be ? On a night like that, when you hear lyrics like those you think to yourself, Thank God. Somebody else knows this impulse, and he s not calling me a fucking coward. So I make a bunch of random turns, and eventually I wind up in Weehawken, New Jersey. I don t know why. I don t really know much about Weehawken. I know more now cause of Lin-Manuel Miranda. But there s these cliffs, there s these cliffs in Weehawken. They overlook the Hudson River, and the Manhattan skyline. I am on the cliff, I think… I should jump, and instead I sit… on this bench all by myself, and I cry. And I do want to make sure you guys know though, that s the best view of the Manhattan skyline you re ever gonna see. It is, somebody knows, a few people know. Boulevard East, Weehawken, New Jersey, stunning view, overwhelming view. You take a date out there, you ll blow their mind. You re gonna hook up that night, trust your boy, Gethard, on that one. Trust your boy. Don t tell your date you found out about it in a suicide show. Here s how I know it s a really good date spot. I m sitting on this bench all by myself crying, and these two couples are walking towards me. They re on the promenade, along the cliff. One of these couples, they re on a double date, very, very clearly on a double date, that s the vibe. One of these couples sits… right here… on my bench. The other couple… sits here on my bench, and they re talking, and they re joking and they re laughing, and no one mentions the crying 32-year-old man… who s also on the bench, and I m like, What s going on?  Can they not even see me? They can t even see me. I must be a ghost. I m the ghost of Weehawken, New Jersey. I stand up off my crying bench. I m like, I m a ghost, and nobody can even see me , and if that is true, then that means I can do whatever I want because if nobody can even see me, then there s not even consequences to my actions. And I wander around Weehawken for a few hours in this manic haze, and it s bad. There s a steakhouse, up on the cliff, fancy place, you can imagine, it overlooks the Manhattan skyline. And I need to be clear, I don t actually say any of the following. I am thinking all of the following thoughts, I never verbalize them, I don t say a word, but I enter this steakhouse. I-I start walking up to tables, and in my head, I m like, Bro, you got a… burger at a steakhouse? Come on, man. What are… What are you doing? Your date s gonna think you re cheap, man. Scallops, nice. How come seafood s always good at a steakhouse? I ve never really… understood that. A steak at a steakhouse. Thank you. Do we see how it s done, everybody? Do we see how it s done? But again, I don t actually say any of that. So all these people in this expensive restaurant see is a crying, 32-year-old man burst in, and go… and then leave. And it s bizarre. It s bizarre to the degree that I wouldn t be surprised if one of the people there that night is doing their own one-man show just about seeing that. I wander through Weehawken for a long while more, and eventually I wind up back on my crying bench, and I don t know what to do. So, I call Barb, and she says, Hey, you never call me at night , or on the weekends? What s going on? And I said, Barb, I-I…  I lost it on stage. I-I-I couldn t breathe. This guy… he made a joke about me, Jack McBrayer, is his name, and…  I m in… I m in Weehawken now, and I-I don t even really know how I got here, but there were scallops involved, and now I m up on a cliff, and I can t… feel my face, but I m up on a… I m up on a cliff. And… and she stops me, she goes, Let me… Let me ask you a couple of questions. Compared to a few hours ago, do you feel like you re headed in the right direction, or the wrong one? And I say I feel like total garbage still , but I mean I guess if you make me consider it like that I guess I do feel slightly better, I mean, I guess I m headed in the right direction. And she says, That s good , and it s good you called me, right? And I say, Yeah. And she says, We ll talk about it on Thursday. Which is not the correct thing to say… when you have a historically suicidal patient call you from a cliff. But she knows me really well. She knows how I m gonna react. As soon as she says it, the spell lifts because I realize it s Sunday. It s actually after midnight, technically it s Monday. I-I can make it to Thursday. Even if I feel this horrible the entire time, I-I-I can do that. When you put it like that, I can… I can do that. I can make it to Thursday. And I ll tell you something about my life. My life s taken this very… unexpected turn the past few years, because I started talking about this stuff in… in my comedy, um, a little bit. Never as in-depth as I m doing with this show. And I ve… I ve written. I ve written about this side of myself a couple times online, and-and-and this has led to a situation I never saw coming. Where I am not exaggerating when I say that at this point, I ve now received thousands of e-mails, Facebook messages, any way people get in touch, they do, and they re people who need help, and a lot of times, I swear to you, they don t even know I m a comedian. They don t know anything about me, they ll just Google who s willing to talk about this stuff, and this thing I wrote comes up, and-and-and so often they are really young, and they need help. And you ll be happy to hear any time somebody asks me for help, I say the same thing straight away, I go look, First things first, I m not a professional, and it s not like I can tell you something my shrink told me, because she s not really a professional either. But when I… when I answer these messages, especially when they re from young kids, I almost always find myself telling them some version of that Thursday story, and I say for me it was that, it was a length of time that I needed to last. For you, maybe it s a place where you feel safe. Or a person you feel okay opening up to. I don t know. It probably will not be that easy. You don t get to pick what breaks you. You really cannot predict what s going to save you, but please keep your eyes peeled for it. Please, because I bet that its out there, and I bet you can find yours, because I found mine, and I never dreamed, I d be strong enough to say that. I mean, there were 15 years of my life, you guys have heard about em tonight, 15 years, where the entire time for 15 years, I was just completely convinced that I was never gonna feel better. And now, when I call my mom, she doesn t have to be scared, and I m not wasting all this time pretending comedy is gonna fix me somehow. It s not. This isn t the type of thing that gets fixed, you just, you ll live with it. And I don t hide it anymore. I never have to hide it from anyone ever again, because my wife has seen this stuff at its worst, and she still loves me… And I… still love that leggy redheaded punk rocker… even if she doesn t know how to close a goddamn cabinet door. I get another type of e-mail too, though. I-I get another type of e-mail all the time. It s from people who aren t the ones actually suffering from this stuff, but they see it. They re around it. It s in their lives. They say… they say My cousin , my coworker, my friend, I m watching them, I m watching them deal with this really horrible thing, and I want to help, but… Then they always add this caveat, and it drives me nuts. They say, I really want to help, but I don t want to mess anything up. I wouldn t want to make it worse. And that gets under my skin. And those people, I almost always find myself telling them about the clinic doctor, from back in the day, that clinic doctor. I say you sound too much like that guy right now. He never wanted to be responsible for messing anything up. He refused to be liable should anything get worse, and that s why he needed everything to be so correct. I say, Don t be like that. Be like Barb.  She doesn t give a fuck what s correct. But she really… always… tries to do what s right. And when it came down to it, she chose to pick up the phone, and that s why I have… so much love for her, and it s why I always will. Even though… she once told me… that in the 1970s… she starred in a pornographic film. ? To give yourself a little bit of hope s a lie ? ? You said we re just spinning where we stand ? ? And if you cling to tokens for your life ? ? You find ? ? You wind up with imaginary men ? ? Static transmit me ? ? To the other side of another room ? ? In pieces ? ? Like a steady beating ? ? The summer hurts ? ? The summer hurts ? ? The summer hurts ? ? The summer hurts ? ? The summer hurts ? ? The summer hurts ? ? The telescopic pull ? ? Of what you know s a lie ? ? It s broken down a hundred thousand times ? ? The parts collapse ? ? In caving, they re inside ? ? The atmosphere ? ? We re carving out our names ? ? Into the air ? ? You are a runner ? ? The steady balance as you re gaining in speed ? ? A photograph to scale the thrashing of your feet ? ? And it won t be over ? ? Until the big, backhand of the sun ? ? Beats the tar out of the road you are on ? ? Until it s won you ? ? The summer hurts ? ? The summer hurts ? ? The summer hurts ? ? The summer hurts ? ? The summer hurts ? ? The summer hurts ?The telescopic pull ? ? Of what you know s a lie ? ? It s broken down a hundred thousand times ? ? The parts collapse ? ? In caving, they re inside ? ? The atmosphere ? ? We re carving out our names ? ? Into the air ? ? You are a runner ? ? The steady balance as you re gaining in speed ? ? A photograph to scale the thrashing of your feet ? ? And it won t be over ? ? Until the big, backhand of the sun ? ? Beats the tar out of the road you are on ? ? Until it s won you ? ? The summer hurts ? ? The summer hurts ? ? The summer hurts ? ? The summer hurts ? ? The summer hurts ? ? The summer hurts ?

BILLY CONNOLLY@HIGH HORSE TOUR LIVE@2016@Ladies and gentlemen, would you please welcome Billy Connolly! You re only doing that because I m not well. I love you, Billy! I m not a well man. We ll have words about that later. It s nice to be here, it s nice to be back in London, it s great to be at the Apollo. The last time I performed was in Canada, in November. I like it. I especially like Montreal. Because you can speak French, and I don t. I just employ a little cunning, you know. If they say, Bonjour , I go, Bonjour and I walk really fast before they say anything else. Goodbye is rather handy as well. Négligé! Cul-de-sac! Recipé! Always amazed me when I toured in France, hitchhiking with my cousin John. You would have loved my cousin John. When we were younger, he was lovely. He s dead now. You wouldn t like him now but you would have liked him. He was one of those guys people love to call a ‘loony , you know—he was a bit of a nutter, but… I m always suspicious when people do that. Oh, you ll love him, he s a loony. I go, Oh, fuck. But he was a great guy, very bright, very funny. I ll give you an example. It could be quite frightening. Do you remember?—most of you will be too young. There was a campaign in gas stations. Put a tiger in your tank. —Yes! Well … just after that there were other campaigns. Make your car look like a racing car, there was numbers and things you stuck on. But one that never quite took off was bullet holes. You peeled them off a card and stuck them on your car, you look as if you ve just driven by Al Capone, you know. He had them on his glasses. He used to quite frighten people, you know. This is my cousin John. — Oh, Jesus Christ! But he was a lovely guy. He taught me so much … useless stuff. He taught me how to slice a banana inside the skin. That s to have an endless fun with that. We were living in a youth hostel in Dunkirk, in France. And when you ve food in the youth hostel you keep it in these cubicles in the kitchen. And they re open to everybody, you can just steal stuff. I don t think that s the general idea of them. He would steal a banana. And he would get a sewing needle. And you would hold the banana as vertically as you can hold a banana. He would come down and inch and push the needle in. And do that, horizontally. And he d pull out, and he d come down half an inch, he d do it again. Down another half an inch, do it again, til you get to the bottom. Then you put it back where you got it. And you wait for the owner to show up. Which he eventually does. And as soon as he lifts the banana and goes to peel it, you turn away. He does that: For fuck s sake!  Did you see? You say, What is it?  Banana was sliced inside the skin! — Oh, fuck off! He spends the rest of his life trying to prove it to you. It s a wonderful … Another thing he used to do which I found great— he would steal an egg, and he would get the same needle, or one very like it, and he would put a hole in the top of the egg, and a hole in the bum. Then he would blow the egg into a frying pan. Then he would get a slice of toilet paper. You know, that hard stuff that hurts your arse. And he would write on it: Sorry, I was starving. He d roll it up real tight, and shove it inside the egg. But maybe my favorite: For some reason, he had a dislike of people who went to bed with their socks on. And you know, in these hostels you sleep in dormitories. Well, we would lie there, waiting, watching people going to bed. Eventually he would see someone: There you go, Billy, 9 o clock, blue socks . Right, OK . We d wait until he was sleeping. We d creep up and roll the sheets back from his feet. To expose the socks. We d take on sock off, and put it on on top of the other one. See the guy in the morning, looking for his sock: Where the fuck?…  Have you seen a blue sock? Eventually, he puts on his hiking boots on one bare foot one. I always wondered how he got on when he got home and was undressing. Jesus Christ, how did that go on there?  I must have been sleeping like that. He was great, he was a funny man. He had a French phrasebook that he got from his father. His father had fought in France during the war. So he had the phrasebook. You never saw women like it, the bewildered expressions when he whispered in their ear, We have a reason to believe there are Germans hiding in your cellar.  Have you noticed any fluctuation in the price of tomatoes? But to get back to Canada… I was in Toronto. I ve been there a lot of times since the 70s. I m quite big there. But the thing that haunts me when I m in Toronto… The first girl who ever kissed me was Gracie McClintock. She was five years old, so was I. Standing against an airraid shelter in Glasgow. And a year later her family emigrated. I don t think it was anything to do with me kissing her or anything with me. They emigrated to Canada, to Toronto, I remembered it distinctly and I thought about it over the years. Especially as I was getting big in Toronto. I was thinking I wonder if she realizes I am Billy Connolly. We could meet in the street or something. And it would be nice, I would ask her how she was getting on/ is she married/ does she have/ what does she do, and blahdy-blahdy-blah. But as the years went on, it became more of a fantasy. Almost a kind of fetish. Till these days, it s ridiculous, I can see her running towards me in slow motion. Billy-y-y!  Finish what you started! I was in Toronto a few years ago, I was making a movie called The Boondocks Saints. And the nominees are… And I got five days off in the middle of it. Which isn t really unusual. And I m very much a creature of habit. I do the same thing about most days. And in every town I play in the world I have a walk that I do. The same walk. I have one in London, but I m not telling you what it is because you ll follow me. You want a fucking selfie. Actually, I don t mind doing selfies but please, if you ever meet me and you want a selfie, have your sfuff ready. Don t make me stand there as you go through your fucking bag looking for your camera. ‘Cause it looks as if I ve asked yo to do it, you know. Well, in Toronto, I had five days off, as I told you, and I did the walk five days in a row. And it s just a huge old… —music shops, book shops, clothes shops, cigar stores. And it ends up at a coffee shop on a street called Dundas. And I walked in the first day in, there was a guy in the doorway, a sort of down-and-out, homeless guy, with a cup. And he said, Any change? And I had loads, I said, I ve got loads here . Thanks, buddy. — No problem, allright then. Had a coffee, and got a homeless magazine, which has two great crosswords in it. So went back to my hotel to do the crosswords. My life is a ball of fire. Second day—exactly the same. Thanks, buddy. Coffee, magazine, back home. Third day: Thanks, buddy. — No problem. Coffee, magazine, back home. On the fourth day I didn t wait for him to ask. I just put money in his cup. And he says, You don t have to give me money every time you see me. I said, I m quite aware of that.  You little cunt. I thought he had it coming. Fuck ‘m! It s not a word they use usually, especially over on that side of the Atlantic. It frightens the bejeesus out of them. Although they take motherfucker like nothing happened. But being a Glaswegian, I m used to it, you know. It doesn t really mean anything. You know, you use it in all sorts of circumstances. When you try to remember a film star s name. People are giving you all sorts of names, you say, No, no, not him, some other cunt, it s … I actually heard in Glasgow, Who s that cunt with the Pope? And they don t seem to realize you don t need to be a complete cunt, you can break it up …??? What you think of the Prime Minister?  Seems a bit of a cunt to me. And he does. But just … close your eyes and think of Donald Trump. Now, there is a cunt. During these debates I was just waiting for another one of those politicians to say, Mister Trump, do you think I think you ve got hair?  Is that what you think of me? That fucking thing. I don t know why guys do that, and… and the wigs, those fucking wigs you can see for a mile and a half. My crew and I used to have a thing called Spot the Irish. You know, you d be in a place like an airport, and you go, Spot the Irish . Goes, Got it, got it, you spot some guy with a fucking thing sticking up at the back. And the best one I ever saw was in Bangkok, I ll never forget him. He lives in my mind. We go off to stretch the legs, you know, on the way to Australia. We are coming back, and there was one of those cues to get back on the plane, like Disneyland, you know, one of those… And there was an overpowering smell of perfume and aftershave, these guys seem to just pour it on. And I said, Spot the Irish, and I go, Oh, fuck! I never saw one like it. He had one of those Roy Orbison jobs on, you know. One of those ones that turns up at the back like a German helmet. It was black and shiny. Was like somebody had melted an album on his head. I ll tell you another great one. New Zealand. There is a guy called Harvey, he is a promoter in New Zealand. He s not my promoter, but he s a pal of my promoter. And we got kind of friendly, and when I m coming to New Zealand, he comes to meet me with my promoter, about 6 in the morning. It s very nice of him, you know, just to say hello. He has the worst wig you ve ever seen. It looks like an abandoned bird s nest, you know. It s supposed to gray, and it s gone kind of yellow and strange. You know those ones? And I used to say to my promoter, Why does he wear that fucking thing? He said, Oh, I don t know, I ve given up over the years. And I go there every four years, so about 12 years passed. And I went back, and he didn t have it on. It s just he s bald, he looked great bald. And I said to my promoter, What happened to the Irish? He said, Oh, fuck, he said, Rod Stewart came in. And this guy was promoting Rod Stewart. Now, Rod Stewart s crew are famous nutters, you know? He had taken them for dinner. In the middle of the dinner one of them flambéed his wig. Now, at this point I m going to explain my health issues to you. I ll save you symptom spotting. I ve got Parkinson s disease, and I wish he d fucking kept it to himself, but there you go. The Parkinson guy, I got my daughter to Google it. He s James Parkinson, who studied it at the beginning of the century. And it used to be called shaking palsy. Fuck, I m glad he showed up. It affects the left side of me mostly—the weird walk, and this shakes a bit, this left hand. But as I m doing the show tonight you ll notice, or maybe you won t, but you probably will. This hand climbs up like this. When I m talking about something else it thinks I m not noticing and climbs up there. The strangest thing is if I look at it it dashes away guiltily. Lately it s been climbing up and I ve just ignored it and it s come up and joined this one. I looked like Saint Theresa or something. So that will happen, just ignore it. I met Ian Holm, the actor, who suffers from it, and he has had it longer than me. And he says, Do you shake much—your hands? And I said, No, but when I m nervous or when I m tired, it shakes a bit. He said, Oh, yeah, it probably will, yeah. He said, I ll give you a bit of advice.  If it shakes, just stick it in your pocket. He forgot to mention jacket pocket. Which was strange, because he had told me a wee story before that, a wee funny story. He was in an art gallery, the Royal Academy on Piccadilly. A big art exhibition, he was looking at a big nude, on his own. Hey, get the fuck out of there! Well, I m glad you find Parkinson s funny. You re gonna love the cancer. I ve got prostate cancer. And it s over now, you know, they ve got it all cleared, they whipped it out, I pee like a race horse. And I went back to the doctor after about two months for an appointment, and… He started to ask me very personal questions. He said, Can you still achieve erection? I said, Oh, yes. I m thinking, Don t ask me to show you, please. He says, ‘Cause we have various pills and potions, you know, and…  we have a…  a little class for penile rehabilitation. I thought, I m not sitting in a circle wanking with strangers. And everything is in working order, except I have orgasm but I don t ejaculate, because… that s what the prostate does. And it s not there anymore, so… Nobody in my house sleeps in a wet patch. I ll tell you one that may have the men in the room crossing their legs. I went back to work, I think I went back a wee bit early. I was doing a film about death, and funerals and stuff, and we were in New Orleans, and I got all… painful in this department. And I went to the hospital, and the guy said, I think we ll have to flood your bladder and have a look. And I said, Sure. So he put me on this big table. Naked. And there was a beautiful Jamaican nurse, holding my penis. It was more like that. She was really nice and very, very beautiful, and I m trying to get in touch with my penis. And I m saying to it, Don t fucking move! The doctor came with these three silver things over his arm. Catheters. He said, This is the water , and he put it in my willy, and shoved it in. He started to flood it. And I got an overwhelming desire to piss up in the air. I thought, Oh, God, please, don t pee over the big Jamaican. And he said, This is the camera and the light, and it went in. He said, Would you like to watch this? I said, Sure. A big screen lit up on the wall. Just like the one you have at home, those big buggers. It was like an aquarium, it was really strange. With seaweed doing this in the bottom. It was mostly pink. And the light came through, and the camera, and he s pointing out points of interest. He said, This is your sphincter. I said, What s it doing there? ‘Cause I ve thought your sphincter was your bum hole. Apparently, you have more than one sphincter. I kind of like my bum hole. ‘Cause it s a circular muscle, it s very interesting the way it works—like a lens in a camera. And it s function in life is to keep your arse closed. For obvious reasons, you know. ‘Cause otherwise you would drown in a bath, wouldn t you? That s why they invented soap on a rope. Well… The tour went on, Oh, this is this, and this is that, points of interest, and this is this, and… And he was down among the seaweed, and he came upon a piece of white plastic. And a piece of metal, both the same size. And both of us at the same time said, What the fuck s that? It s been left in from the operation, and it got loose and gone adrift. He said, Oh, we ll have to get that out , and I said, I couldn t agree more. He sent in this other thing that worked like this. And he was working it. It s a bit like those things at a side show, it s a crane and you try to lift things. And every time he got near it me and the big Jamaican went, O-o-o-o-oh!  O-o-o-oh! Nearly had it! And about the fifth attempt he got both of them — O-o-oh! Ay-e-e-e! He brought it up. He says, We ll have to get them out of there , and I thought… I was trying to remember the tour but I couldn t remember seeing any emergency exits. I thought, Oh, you don t mean it has to go out the way it got in?…  I m afraid so. He said, Do me a favour, could you move— It was the sneakiest thing I ever had done to me. He said, Could you move the toe next to your big toe? I went to look, and he went — Don t get prostate cancer. I know you were planning to but don t. I ll talk about Scotland. I don t actually live there anymore. I live in New York. What? You re gonna tell me where to live, you nosey fucker? I live in New York, I sold the house in Scotland. It was in Aberdeenshire. Some nights I think I should just bring a map and read out town names. I was in Aberdeenshire, it was 3.5 hours from Glasgow, and one day I had an errand to do in Glasgow. I forget what the errand was, but of no importance. And I knew I was gonna have to drive 3.5 hours to Glasgow. But it was a Saturday, I thought, Oh, great, I will hear the football in the car on the radio. I thought, I know what I ll do: I ll drive into Aberdeen, I ll get a huge cigar. And I ll smoke during the games, and that ll be it— I ll be driving down there, I wouldn t call the Queen my Granny. Keeping the windows open just enough to let enough smoke out and enough air in, and that s what I call a holiday. So I drove into Aberdeen to get myself a cigar. Come down Union Street, and I turned into Market Square. Now, I didn t know it was called Market Square at the time. That will become obvious as the story goes on, and on, and on… Right in front of me it was a toy shop, and in front of that there was a huge armoured car. You know, those cars that deliver money to banks and pick up money from banks, get bars in the windows and all that. Well, the only parking space was right behind it, on a double yellow line. I thought, Fuck it, if he can do it, so can I.  I am Billly Connolly, there must be an occasional benefit. So I pulled up behind him. And I wanted to get out and go to the cigar store. But my car was suddenly completely surrounded by Aberdeen supporters on the way to their match. They d spotted me and wanted autographs, about 50 or 60 guys. So I put the window down, and I was signing; mostly on money. Fives, tens, twenties. ‘Cause working men seldom carry autograph books. Signing, signing, signing, signing, signing. There you go.  Could you put it to Alistair, Montgomery, and Dimpner?  No.  You want your name, you stand over at the other corner and do fucking autographs.  There. Eventually, they all disappeared, and I went to get my cigar. Now, the cigar store was just a little kiosk. Against the wall of House of Fraser in Market Square. It isn t there anymore. It s been shut down thanks to the efforts of those fucking non-smoking zealots. Who should mind their own business. They… oh, they get on my fucking nerves. Do you know that can kill you?  Yes, so can boredom, it just takes longer. They ve even taughth their children to do it. Do you know that can kill you?  Do you know I can kill YOU?  Into the ground you would go, like a nail.  You, little fucker. Do you know who they remind me of? The brown bread / white bread brigade. Pains in the arse. You re just about to eat a lovely big white bread sandwich. Do you know they put bleach and poison… Poison, you fucking twit. Yeah, and it s fucking delicious. I like to say to them, I hate brown bread, you never know when it s toasted. But I like to… And those seeds always get stuck where your fillings used to be. But I like to ask them, You eat brown bread your whole life.  I eat white bread my whole life.  How much longer are you gonna live then me? A fortnight? Ten days? Don t say 20 years , you know that s crap. We are talking a fortnight. But it isn t a fortnight when you re 18, shagging everything that walks in front of you. No, it s a fortnight when you re in an old folks home pissing your trousers. Being fed out of a blender. By those women who speak loud to you just because you re old. Ah, Mr Connolly, get it down there, that ll do you good. And you know all three courses are in that fucking blender. ‘Cause you ve got a peep in and you ve seen the broccoli swimming about in the custard. Get it down, you, there you go.  Sticks to your ribs, doesn t it, aye?  There you… And you know you re getting really old because your tongue comes out when the spoon s only halfway to your face. There you go…  There you go Mr Conn…  I ll tell you what, Mr Connolly, it s of a steamy in here, isn t it—steamy.  Have you been pissing your trousers again?  I ll tell you something else, Mr Connolly…  You re looking…  You re looking awful sad—  It s an awful sad expression in your face.  Is that because your friends are all dead?  That was the white bread crowd.  But you ve got two weeks to go.  Stick this spoon in my eye! Over. I can t… I got my cigar. And I went back to my car, and I took off. I was going up Union Street, heading for the ??? Stop laughing, you prick. I just got to the Queen Victoria Statue, and I hear the siren: I look in the mirror and there is a police car behind me, and I thought, Oh, shit . And then he said, Will the driver of the red Range Rover pull into the first street on the left?  The driver of the red Range Rover, pull into the first street on the left.  Aye, you. So I drove into this wee street, and I stopped, and thought, I know what I ll do: I ll leap out like a gazelle. Just to show them how sober I am. And that s what I did, but I met a policeman standing there. He must have parked and run up to my car. And he reached out and grabbed my cuff. And put his fingers in, and did a weird twisting thing. Was tightening my jacket around my sleeve. It s a thing policemen do when they don t have handcuffs with them. Now, if you were a Glasgow audience you d be going, I know, Bill, I know, I know. I said, What s it, folks, what s going on here?  I ll have it all explained, Mr Connolly, just come with me. We went back to the squad car, and they sat me in the back between two cops. And they were fucking about with the radio, and they couldn t get it to work. Hello, hello, hello?  Hello, hello, hello, hello.  Hello, hello?  HELLO!  Hello, hello? Eventually this woman s voice came on, Hello, Inspector MacCorkindale here. You could tell by her voice she was ugly, it was really strange. Who am I speaking to?  Constable McBumforty here. That wasn t his name, I just made it up. She says, Have you got the driver of the Range Rover. He says, We have, indeed.  And it might surprise you to know it s Billy Connolly. There was a wee confab on the other end of the line. … … , Billy Connolly?  … … comedian.  You think it s the same guy?  I don t know, you better ask him.  Is that Billy Connolly the comedian? So I m desperate to say, No, it s Billy Connolly the donkey shagger.  Can I help you? I said, O-o-oh! , I said, I know what it s about.  It s because I parked behind that van.  Look, I m really… it was a stupid thing to do and I won t be doing that again, I m sorry. She says, No, it s not about… Well you shouldn t have done that.  It s not about that.  Were you parked in Market Square? I said, I have no idea. I said, I was parked next to the cigar shop, at the House of Fraser. She says, That s Market Square. And I said, Well, in that case, yes, I was parked at Market Square. She says, What were you doing there? I said, I was buying a cigar.  … … buying a cigar, …  Ask him what else was he doing.  What else were you doing?  Nothing.  I just drove away.  Weren t you talking to some people? I said, Oh, yeah, yeah! , said I was doing autographs for some Aberdeen supporters. … oh, writing autographs, …  What were you signing these autographs on, Mr Connolly? I said, Money.  Fives, tens, twenties.  Working men seldom have autograph books, he-he-he.  Can you tell me what this is about? She says, Well, I m sure I can tell you, I m sure you re completely innocent here.  We were watching you on closed-circuit television.  And you happened to be talking to three of the biggest drug dealers in Aberdeen.  And all we could see was money changing hands. I swear it s true. And I said, Well, you can search my car, I ve got nothing to do with drugs. She says, I understand, that s fine, you can go on your way, Mr Connolly.  And I d appreciate it if you didn t mention this to anybody. I said, My lips are sealed. Don t know why I bother doing this. Being Scottish I shouldn t be a comedian at all, we are a fucking melancholy bunch. When the sun comes out in Scotland, we go, Oh, fuck, we ll pay for this. I know a guy in Scotland who loved his wife so much he almost told her one day. I love telling you these wee stories. I was summoned to the Office of Births, Marriages and Deaths in Edinburg. And I happily went to. They wanted to talk to me because they doing an exhibition. To encourage people to come and look into their backgrounds, you know, the family backgrounds, and use their equippment. So they d get ten famous Scottish people. And they had done theirs and you could go and look at it and see what you thought, you know. Ten famous Scots—ther was Sean Connery, me, and eight other guys. I just do that to irritate Ewan McGregor. Brian Cox, how do you fucking like that? And they made a great job of it, you know. So when I went through and it was great, and of course, there s lots of other famous Scottish people. You know Alan Cumming? Well, I did a gig in Holliwood. It was for BAFTA, the British Academy. And I was presenting Britannia Awards to Americans who d been in British movies. And it was a nice night, and everything went rather well. The following year they got Alan Cumming to do it, so I had to show up and hand over to him, that s the way they do it. And I d always been dying to meet him anyway, cause I think he is amazing. Plus he comes from Carnoustie in the East Coast of Scotland, And I had a holiday there when I was ten, and I was dying to tell him. Not only that, Carnoustie is very close to Arbroath. You re getting to be fucking boring! And I lost my virginity in Arbroath, and I was dying to tell him that as well. So I met him, and we go How re you doing? I love your work, da-da-da-da-da, I believe you come from Carnoustie, he said, Yeah. I said, I had a holiday there when I was ten, I had a lovely time. He said, That s nice. I said, And I lost my virginity in Arbroath. And his answer will go to my grave with me. He said, I passed my driving test there. I said, I think I won. But the Birth, Marriages, and Death was great. There was a woman called Morrison, I think her name was, was a historian. She took me through the history of my family, you know, from Galway, and the Isle of Mull, and all that, and it was all very interesting. And she said, What do you think? I said, I m delighted. She said, You re not disappointed? I said, Why would I be disappointed? She says, Well, some people, when they realize their family is all peasants, they get disappointed. I said, I m delighted about that, I said, I love peasant stuff, I love peasant food, music, literature. I said, Why would I be disappointed? She said, That s a very refreshing attitude. I said, I m a very refreshing kind of person, Ms Morrison. I said, I can t believe people get disappointed. She says, Oh, fff…  Last week we had a big fat middle class woman in here. Well, it was just a woman, I added those other bits. There s a bitchy side of me, I m gonna have to do something about it. Said she was really disappointed to find that her great-great Granny s name was Fanny Kissing. I said, Why was she disappointed, it s my hobby. If you ever get a chance, you should go to that place, it s brilliant, they ve got brilliant stuff. She changed into white gloves, I thought she was going to do an Al Jolson impersonation. Oh, Mammy! But it was to go and get this certificate, it was the birth certificate of Mary Queen of Scots. I ve actually held it in my hands, I was trembling, it was a magnificent thing. I couldn t believe it. I mean, she was executed just around the corner from where I was standing. It was extraordinary. And then she went away and got another one. Rob Roy McGregor. What a prick. He was a spy for the English against the Scots, and a spy for the Scots against the English. He was a murderer and a thief. He was almost 7 feet tall. And they said he could tie his bootlaces standing up. He must have been the most peculiar shape. Now, I dislike him because of the movie Rob Roy, which seems a bit unfair. But if you abide with me. If you saw it you remember a scene where someone has stolen his cattle. And he and his men are up in the hill, looking for them, and one of them jumps over a fence into a field. Ah, there s nee coos here, Robert. [cows] Wait a minute! He finds a cow shit. He takes a big bite out of it. They been gone two hours, Rob. I am here to inform you: The people of Scotland do not tell the time by eating shit. My grandfather lived to the age of 93. Never once did I see him go into his waistcoat pocket, pulling out dog shit, having a bite, and saying, Fuck, is that the time already? Never once! You d have liked my grandfather ??? I loved him but I don t think he liked me. I don t think he liked anybody. He liked living alone and complaining a lot. 7 minutes was the longest meeting I ever had with him. And I was telling Pamela before she met him, my wife. I took her to meet him, and he came to the door, and he says, Oh, hello, Billy—you must be the lovely Pamela, come in, come in, come in. And I told her to check her watch on the way in. ‘Cause we re going for the record here. 7 minutes is the record. So he said, Sit on the couch there, aye, that s lovely, I ll get you a cup of tea?  Tea and a bisquit, how does that sound, aye, right. Goes away into the kitchen, there s a lot of crashing and banging. Who left this here?! Lives alone. Then he comes wondering out, no teapot, no cups, no nothing, no bisquits. He comes up to me and says, Well, I m sure you are a very busy man. Which is middle class Scots for fuck off . We get outside the door, I said, How did we do? — Six minutes. — Yes! Well, I was in Oban, just north of Fort William, I was fishing. Fly fishing is my hobby, and I was fishing, I was catching nothing. And a guy in the same position joined me on the river bank, he said, You catching anything? I said, Not a sausage. He says, There are sausages in here? I said, Oh, f … …. He says, I m surprised you re here at all. I said, What gives you that surprise? He said, Your pals are down at Fort William. I said, Who is it?  Liam Neeson, Brian Cox are there. I said, What are they doing? He said, Rob Roy, the movie.  I thought you d be down there. I said, I think you ve given me a good idea. So I showed down there and I had dinner with the boys. And we d a great time and a good laugh. Now, they told me a story about making Rob Roy, I think that happened during the movie. Now, they swear it s true. And I think it s true. And if I tell it properly you ll think it s true. So. They were up on the hill one day, in all the kilts, in all the Rob Roy heavy tweed coats, and a… and Jacobite kilt, it s up at the front, down at the back, and… big heavy plaid, and a big hat, and a lace jabot, and a belt, and boots. And it was a really hot day in Scotland. And they were… As a matter of fact, it was THE really hot day in Scotland. They were climbing up the hill, covered in sweat. And they had no underwear on, cause they were doing it all authentic and all. And there was millions of midges, g-g-g-g-g, biting the bollocks off them. Oh, Jeesus, oh, fucking hell. Passers-by thought it was formation highland dancing. And they weren t filming. They were just climbing up the hill. And the reason they weren t filming is, there was no armourer there. Now, the armourer s in charge of all the weapons and all the safety on the film, and you mustn t start filming without him. But he was away in the middle of the highlands, lost, in his van, trying to find them. He was in his van, full of guns, and bombs, and swords, and daggers. And a map on his knee, going, Holy shit, where am I gonna find these fucking people? Now, everybody hates the armourers anyway because they never let you play with their stuff. They are always checking the safety of the guns, There you go, let me see it again, let me see it again, again, again.  Put that… don t do that, don t do this, don t do fucking that. I ll give you an example. When I was doing Boondocks Saints in Toronto, I had a scene to do, and I was desperate to do it. I was an assassin in the movie. I had a long black coat on, and a leather waistcoat down to here. And on the waistcoat I had six 9 millimiter pistols, four Glocks and two Berettas. And had to blow the shit out of this building. And halfway between me and the building was Willem Defoe doing a dance. He was a gay detective, Doing a fantasy dance. There was a car behind me that was to be blown up by special effects. And I ve got a cap on and a cigar which I m biting on, and sunglasses. So the director was talking to me, and he says, Here s what I want you to do. He says, I want you to take out the first two guns,  Empty them at the house, smiling and chewing your cigar.  When they are empty, just throw them, you don t give a shit about them.  Take the next two, the same, booboomboomboomboomboom.  Throw them to hell.  Now, with the last two, cross your arms, and grab the two, and spin.  And when you get back, whip them out, empty them at the house, and throw them away.  You think you can do that? I said, I was fucking born to do that! So he goes away to the camera guys. And I m standing, going over it: Motherfucker! See, I ve started adding bits already. And I hear: Mr Connolly!  Mr Connolly!  Mr Connolly! I said: Where the fuck are you?  Over here. It was the armourer. He was poking his head around the side of the fender of the car, he was on his hands and knees. I said, What are you doing here? We are about to start. He said, I realize it, Mr Connolly. I heard the director talking to you.  And he was telling you to throw the guns away.  Well, they are in beautiful condition and they are very expensive.  Do you think instead you can hand them to me? I said, Rearrange these words into a popular phrase or saying:  Yourself, fuck, go. I mean, can you imagine? Motherfucker! I don t think so. Well, he is lost in the highlands, he has a map on one knee, he s driving through these villages, he doesn t know where he is. ‘Cause the villages have all Gaelic names, you know, nine consonants, no vowels. Jesus, how do you pronounce that? he says, This must have been discovered by a guy with a cleft palate.  nmnmbmbmbnmn And the next one had ten vowels and no consonants. ‘Cause in Scotland we sometimes communicate with phlegm. That s pronounced Hanghakhakhanakha. Now, it s disgraceful to make fun of people with speech impediments. And I ve just done it. And I m not the least bit sorry. ‘Cause it s a good laugh. When I was about 12 we used to roam about the streets at night, me and my friends. Quite innocently playing games with stuff in shop windows. And there was a shop near us, always puzzled me, it was a surgical store. They don t seem to have them anymore. They sold condoms and things like that. And trusses for people with hernias. And they had these pictures of naked people with this stuff on them— straps, and buttons, and belts. And you couldn t help but make the distinction in sex between buckles, and belts, and condoms, and that s the case for the defense, your honor. But we had a good laugh. Now, it was called Saul Sade s Surgical Store, was the name of the store. And the guy who owned it had a speech impediment. He had a thrshshshsh You know, you would never see him in a silk suite Or, even less, a seersucker suite. Well, me and my pals used to phone him. We d squeeze into a phone box. Four pennies in the machine. And I was the guy who had to play to be a man. Hello? Who am I speaking to? He would, Thaul Thade Thurgical Thtore. My pals are saying, Don t laugh, don t laugh.  Do the thing you practiced.  OK, OK, OK.  Do you specialize in sexual aids for senior citizens?  What th that?  Do you specialize in sexual aids for senior citizens?  What? Thexual aidth for thenior thitizens?  Ith that you, Billy Connolly, I know your voithe!  I ll get your arse! So the guy s lost in the highlands. He s sweating, he cannot find the film company, gone, Oh, fuck. He turns right into a village. It s one of typical Scottish highland village: just two rows of houses and a road. He turns right, and he s trying to fold the map at the same time. He looks up just too late to save a cat tha s run accross the road. A big tomcat. Hit s it with both sets of wheels, you know. Oh, fuck.  Poor bastard. He gets out and he looks back, and there in the gutter, about ten feet back, there s a cat: This is a bit especially for cat lovers. I ve had them standing up, saying, For God s sake, that s enough! He says, Oh, Jesus, it s in misery.  Where s my toolbox? Gets a hammer. He goes up to the cat. Sorry, pal, if it was up to me, this wouldn t be happening.  But, unfortunately, this is the way of all flesh.  Cheerio. Right in the face. No sooner has he done it, when the cottage door opens, and a big woman comes out with flour up to her elbows. She s been making scones all day. Like every decent Scottish woman should. What the fuck do you think you re doing?!  Hitting my cat in the face with a hammer?! You don t get many opportunities in your life to ask that question. I was in there making scones and I saw you hitting in the face with a hammer, you fucking psychopath. Are you from Glasgow by any chance? Oh, you don t understand, missis, I hit it with my van.  What, was the hammer not good enough for you?  No, I hit it with the van first.  And that put it in agony, then I hit it with a …  Oh, that makes it alright, is it?  No, you don t seem to understand…  I ll tell you what I do understand, you re in deep shit.  Charlie! Charlie! The next cottage door opens, and a policeman comes walking out. Aye, what seems to be the trouble, Heather?  I hope you ve got a good excuse here, I was just about to interfere with myself there.  The smell of them scones was turning me right on. She says, This bastard hit my cat in the face with a hammer.  What are you doing hitting cats in the face with hammers?  Oh, he says, it was in agony. She says, No, it wasn t, Charlie. It was sunbathing, I was making scones, and I looked through the windie. and I saw it sunbathing, and he walked up and hit it in the face with a hammer.  Oh, you don t understand, he says. I hit it with my van. He says, So the hammer s not good enough for you?  Oh, give me a break. He s, I ll tell you what, come on, we ll have a look at that van of yours. So they go along to see the van. Open it up. He opens, it s full of guns and bombs. Holy shit!  Are you with these ISIS bastards? He says, No, no, I m an armourer on a movie. He says, What is that? He says, I m in charge of the weapons, and their safety, and all that.  And where is the movie? He says, Fort William, I cannot find it, that s why I m here.  I ll give you directions, don t worry about that. He said, I ll have to check the rest of your van now.  Should I? — Go ahead. He s on the side, and gets those rubber mud guards at the back. He pulls up, and he looks under. And in the wheel arch there s a dead cat. Do you hope it s true? It was sunbathing. It was dreaming about chasing mice through the glen. I ve become an avid listener to Radio 4. I think I may be getting old. I still like rock n roll and everything, but I get so tired listening to disk jokeys inane pish. Being told the time all the time. I can t take it anymore. In 4 minutes it will be 3 minutes to 2 minutes past one. I can tell the time, I ve got a watch, fuck off. I hate it so much. And people complain about Radio 4, saying it s old-fashioned. It s lovely, they re professional people. They just take the time. And it s got a lot of people who specialize in one thing, and I really like that. Somebody who specializes in one thing and doesn t veer from it. Well, I was on tour, and I was in Cardiff. I was having a shower in a hotel. And the speaker, the great luxury of a speaker in the shower. And I was waiting for the program that had been advertised, it was about heckling. And I thought it would be interesting to hear, to see if I recognize any of the stuff. And… And as it turned out, they didn t have enough material to do it, so they had to share it with a program on revenge. And that was on first. And it was very interesting, there was a woman describing revenge, and she said, that women were much more into revenge than men. Men tend to lash out, she said. Yeah, fucking bitch. Stab you. Have some of that. Share this between ears. These are Glasgow expressions. My favourite one is: Keep your jacket on, I ll knock you out of the fucking thing. But she said, women are more inclined to say, My day will come.  You ll be sleeping, and I ll have a bread knife. And she told story of a woman in London, she lived with an airline pilot. And he phoned her from South Africa, he sounded a real bastard. He may even have been a cunt. He phoned her up and he said, Listen, bitch,  Get your shit out of my house by Friday, I ve got a new bitch moving in. Sounds like a rascal to me, a raffian. Well, of course, she was broken-hearted. And she broke down in tears. And eventually she got over it and packed her stuff. And was about to move out and discovered that her stereo equipment was far to heavy to carry, she d have to come back and get it, you know, with the big speakers and all. So she was writing a note to that effect when she got this idea. And she nipped out to the fishmonger s, and she got a bag of shrimps, and came back, unpicked the hem on the curtain in the main room. Put a line of shrimps and sewed it up again. Then she left a note that she d be back on Friday for the stereo. The following Friday she showed up, and he was at the door. Oh, you re here for your stereo? Ah, it s in the room.  Listen, when you re in there, see if you smell anything, I ve noticed some kind of weird smell in there. Oh, she said, I will. So she got her stuff, he said, Did you smell anything? — No. She left. Six weeks later she met him in the stores when she was shopping. How re you doing? He said, Oh, I m in fucking misery. He says, Even as we speek, the plumbers are up in my living room pulling up the floor boards.  They think there s something dead under the floor.  And the police have shown an interest, they are coming to dig the garden up tomorrow. And she says, Oh, that s a shame. Six weeks later one of the neighbors told her he had moved away. And took the curtains with him. Well, the heckling programme came on after that. And it was a bit of a disappointment, I d heard it all before. Apart from one. The last one. Which turned my blood to ice. It was a phone-in from London, the guy said he was in a London comedy club. And a complete novice got up, it must have been a kind of open mike night. And a novice got up, and he s trying his best, and he said, My wife s away on holiday to Jamaica. Oh, no, no, I m not supposed to tell you that, I m sorry.  I m supposed to just say, ‘My wife s… and it isn t Jamaica anyway, it s Barbados, I think.  Or is it Bahamas?  But anyway, I m supposed to say, ‘My wife s away on holiday, and you say,  ‘Where to? And I say, ‘Jamaica, —I said, but it isn t Jamaica, it s some other…  what was it? I can t… Bahamas?  Bahamas, or Barbados, or whatever it is, and a voice… came from the darkness. It might even have been the devil. You re not funny and nobody likes you.  You should have remembered that from school. Isn t that a bastard? I think I remember right, it was a cunt. But anyway, I ll tell you about the worst heckler I ever had. It was in Dundee University Folk Club. I used to be a folk singer, and I played the banjo. Now, the banjo is a nice instrument, and it s kinda complicated, but the songs leave a bit to be desired. So usually about chicken pie, and cuckoos, and things like that. And I love it, I don t give a fuck. But I was entertaining in this… and I was going down pretty badly, it was a bad night. There was a jukebox at the back of the room, which was supposed to be switched off, and some prick kept switching it on. So in the middle in my Chicken Pie I kept getting Awopbopaloobop alopbamboom. And a dog had wondered in and had a piss. And left, and didn t even stay. So I was doing a song called There s A Rabbit In The Log. It s a great song, it s about a rabbit stuck in a hollow log, and it can t get out. It s full of suspense. Oh, there s a rabbit in the log, and I ain t got no dog. And this prick in the audience went, Needle of Death. I said, I m sorry? Sing Needle of Death. I said, Needle of Death?! I said, That s a song about heroin addiction. I said, If you noticed, this is a fucking banjo.  Banjos don t do heroin addiction.  If they did, it would sound like, ‘Oh, fuck, I m hooked on smack again.  I said, It s a good song. Bert Jansch is a great guy, a great writer.  But the minute I heard it I didn t learn it because I knew I wouldn t be singing it.  ‘Cause I m a banjo player.  So that s it, don t ask again. You ll like these verses about a chicken.  There s a chicken on the limb, and he got mind on him.  Needle of Death. I said, I told you, I don t know the fucking thing!  Why do you keep asking, I told you I don t know the words, I don t know the chords, how could I possibly sing it?  Don t ask again.  Needle of Death.  Stay where you are. I went up the aisle, along the row. Asking people, Was it you? — No.  You?  Who? The fat prick with the moustache?  So I got up to him and I said, Are you the guy who s asking for ‘Needle of Death ? He said, Yeah. And I went, !!! And I gave him the order of the fat lip. It s the biggest mistake I ever made. He was the treasurer, I didn t get a fucking penny. I ve had some shit nights in my life. Did I ever tell you about the dead guy? A dead guy in an audience can really fuck the night up. I had this friend, called Les Smith, who was a splendid guitarist and singer. And he had parents who were brilliant as well, they had a little country band. They sometimes played together, but most of the time he was just a solo guy. Well, his mother had phoned and asked me to do a charity with them, they were gonna be together. And would I come and play my autoharp? ‘Cause she liked the way I played it. The autoharp is like a zither. You play up here, play Appalachian hillbilly music. As a matter of fact, There may be some of you in here, those people who ve said, I wish I d learned an instrument back then, I d be good by now. This is the one for you. It s the only instrument you can play as soon as you get it home from the shop. As long as it s in tune. It s got 36 strings, and 12 bars, each bar is a chord. Some have got different number of bars, 15, or 12. Well, you know what numbers are, I won t then show them, so… So you can accompany yourself that night. Now, I can jigs and reels, and tunes, and that takes a wee bit longer. But stick in. That s all It was just a little interesting bit of information. You see, the touble with interesting stuff— it doesn t have a punchline. It just ends, you know. Very interesting now. That was interesting, wasn t it, aye. So I agreed to do the gig. She said it was at a hospice. And I didn t even know what a hospice was, I thought she had a speech impediment. We all turned up at a hospital in Glasgow and they directed us to the hospice. And we were in a big room. There was nothing in it, just us. And floor boards highly polished. Looked like a ballroom. And I said to Les, Where are the people gonna sit?  There s no chairs or anything. Do they lie on the floor or something? He says, I don t know. But we didn t have long to wait. There was a door over in the corner. And a bed get pushed in. And it had a draft excluder along the floor, it went: Pbdum, pdum. And the guy in the bed went, Aaaa, aaa!  Behave yourself, for fuck s sake! The guy pushing him: I m sorry about that.  Aaa, well, mind what you re doing. Well, that happened 24 times. There was two semicircles of beds. Then the wheelchairs came in. The big exotic ones that look like the Forth Bridge. For guys in traction, you know, like that. Pbum, pb, A-a-a-a! Fucking, a-a-a-a! ??? you want a hammer? Pushing them in. 24 of them. Then the self-propelled wheelchairs. Of morning faced wench bags. I didn t want to come here, I wanted to watch Coronation Street.  Who are they anyway, The Smiths, I never fucking heard of them.  Oh, look at the big hairy one with the harp.  That s a nancy-boy, if ever I saw one.  Away, you big fucking Jessie!  How does a puncture sound, you cheeky prick?  Don t let this fool you, I m not a hippie, I like violence, shut the fuck up. So… We got ready, I said to Les, I don t think there ll be much applause in here tonight, most of the hands are under the covers. And it went surprisingly well. We started with Keep on the sunny side, always on the sunny side. We got a kind of muffled applause at the end. Now, people seldom believe me when I tell them that a guy died when I was singing Bury Me Beneath The Willow. But it s true. Oh, bury me beneath the willow, under the weeping willow tree.  When she sees that I am sleeping maybe then she ll think of me. And I got to there. Mrs Smith leaned over. And she says, Take an instrumental break, Bill. I said, Certainly. I got to there, and a guy over here in one of the big wheelchairs, with a yellow tartan blanket over him, went: I said, That s the stuff, join in,  Bury me beneath the willow.  Under the weeping willow tree.  When she sees that I am sleeping,  You are doing well!  Maybe then she ll think of me. And then his tone changed. The holy shit! I went back over, and Les was standing here with his guitar. He says, What s wrong? I said, That guy just fucking died.  I was singing with him and he bought the farm right in front of me.  Fuck off! I said, I m telling you!  Where is he? I said, He s the one with the yellow blanket. He says, I m gonna look.  Please yourself.  Jesus!  When she sees that I am sleeping… Said, He s dead! I say, I just fucking told you that! Well, they just left the guy there. Nobody pulled the blankets up. Nobody did the magic eyes closing hand. No, nobody put pennies on his … they just left him: ‘Cause that s what they do in the real world. They just leave you. It s only in Hollywood they pull the blankets up over your face. And I ve had proof of this before. I was on Baffin Island. To my deep disappointment. I was on Baffin Island, which is just to the left of Greenland there, it s the top of Canada. And I was with the Inuit Eskimo people, I was making one of those travel films. And they d offered to take me out on a 12-dog sled. Now, if you ever get the offer, to go out on one of those sleds pulled by 12 huskies, say, No, thank you. I ll tell you why. Those dogs fart. Like farting was invented the day before yesterday. I ve never known… And they all do it at the same time. Holy Jesus, motherfucker! Lumps of dog shit. Now, you know it s bad enough when your own dog farts in the house. Oh, God Almighty, Fluffy, behave yourself! Well, they don t even have a house. They just lie out in the snow 24/7. They throw them bits of frozen walrus and seal. They lick it till it thaws and then they eat it and they have a kip (nap). And they say, Come on, we ll run. It s a fucking nightmare. So I m sitting on the sled. They d made me a suit from seal skin. A theal thkin thuite. From Thathkatchewan. So I m sitting up at the front like an Ethkimo. The big Inuit guy stands in the back, standing on the sleds. He s got a … He s got a whip. He goes, … ‘Cause he can t make the whip crack, he has to do that noise with his mouth. He says, Yataka-a-a, kayaka takaya nakaka takayakaka tayakaka! I said, Oh, come on! He said, What? I said, Whatever happened to ‘mush! ?  Every Eskimo movie I ever saw, they go, ‘Mush!  He said, Oh, that s a Hollywood word. He said, We say, ‘katayakakaya katakakayaka katayakaka  He says, Roughly translated it means, ‘That s enough of the farting, lads, let s get some running done.  I can t tell you how disappointed I was. So, anyway… The gig at the hospice ended. And we went home. Went home to the Smiths house. ‘Cause they were putting me up for the night. And Mrs Smith was at a wee table, she s making some toast, she s a lovely woman, you know. You don t need to be lovely to make toast, but she was… It doesn t do any harm at all. I wondered over, and I said to her, That was a terrible shame tonight, wasn t it? She said, What? I said, That guy.  What guy? I said, Come on! She said, No, really? I said, The guy who died at our gig. She put the knife down. She said, Billy Connollly, I m gonna tell you something, I would like you to remember it.  Your sense of humor is gonna get you in trouble.  I just… I say, He died. She said, Don t! Don t make it any worse for yourself. I said, Ask Les, he ll tell you. Your son. She went, Leslie! Full title; deep shit. He came wondering up. She says, According to your friend here, —no title; deep shit. …someone died in the audience today. He said, That s right. She said, Oh, I see.  Two of you against your wee mother.  You must be so proud of yourselves. He said, Mother, it s true. She said, Don t make it worse. Look, She says, I m gonna phone that hospice in the morning, and I want you two standing here. He said, Fair enough. Stood there. In the morning we are standing, she phones the hospice. Hello? Is that the hospice?  Yes, this is the hospice here. For some reason, an Aberdonian police woman answered the phone. Actually it was a guy. Aye, this is the hospice here, can I help you? She said, I m Mrs Smith, I was performing last night with the country band called ‘The Smiths there. He said, I remember you well, you were brilliant. She s, Oh, I m glad you enjoyed it . She says, Well, you remember, one of the band was a big tall fellow.  He played the autoharp, he had long hair. He says, Oh, aye, the poof. She says, Oh, for Goodness s sake! We don t like that kind of talk around here.  Stop it!  Aye, alright. She said, He insinuates that somebody died in the audience last night. Is this true? He says, Well, actually, I m not at liberty to divulge that kind of information.  But a guy did die right enough. She says, Oh, my God!, that s terrible! He says, Not reallly, that s what they are here for.  Well, they are here to spend the rest of their life but it comes to the same thing in the end, do you know what I mean?  As a matter of fact, we lost another one today.  A particularly sad one, it was a suicide. She says, Oh, for God s sake!  How, what means did he use to take his life? Did he save up his drugs and take them all at once?  I believe they do that sometimes. He says, Well, actually, I m not at liberty to divulge the method he used.  But he jumped out the window.  And plummeted to his death on the stairs below. She says, Oh, for God s s… Wait a minute, she says. We were there last night.  As far as I can remember, you re in a bungalow, you re on the ground floor.  What s all this ‘plummeting to your death on the stairs below ? He says, … You have to remember, Mrs Smith, old people are very brittle. Now, at this point in the proceedings, confusing as it may seem, I have to give you a lecture on safety, it s a Government regulation. Because apparently you ve been driving like fucking maniacs. Now, eating and drinking while driving is a stupid things to do, I m sure you realize that. And texting while driving isn t the most clever thing you ve ever done. Masturbating while driving is a worry. And smoking while driving can be desperately dangerous. Now, smoking s dangerous enough itself. I would still smoke today if my wife hadn t nagged the fucking face off me. And I loved to smoke, I loved to smoke. I used to go to sleep at night thinking about my first smoke in the morning. Ooh, how I loved it. And everybody knows that when you light up a cigarette, God takes an hour of your life and gives it to Keith Richards. I used to smoke non-filtered cigarettes, proper cigarettes, or fags. Yesss! But the non-filter has one desperate failing. It sticks to your face sometimes. Not all the time, maybe every six packs, every nine packs you ll get one that sticks. Now, when I say it sticks to your mouth I don t mean it has a slight tackiness. I mean it s welded to your face. You can cajole and coax it and nothing happens. The only thing that s gonna get it off is a good healthy tug. And if you say the word uff when you do it, that helps as well. With one of two results. Either the cigarette will burst— and there ll be shag all over your face, and this will be unlightable—or you ll pull a chunk of your lip. And it s really painful, it bleeds. Well. I was driving down the M1. I had an old Jaguar I bought from a hire company who saw me coming. When you got to 70 it made a weird rumbling noise and things would fly past the window. Like mirrors and things like that. It was a heap of shit, but loved it. I had a radio blaring. ZZ Top on the radio. And I m giving it plenty … smoking, I was as happy as a clam. And you know how happy clams are. They are the happiest things in this … And it happened. You, bastard, you! There was a car in front of me, a car behind me, and a van to my left. I was in in a wee coffin space. Doing about 80. Fucking… —Beep, beep. I ve a fag stuck to my lip, you crazy bastard! I decided to go for the uff . Neither of the two things I described to you happened. A third thing that had never happened before happened. My fingers slid along the cigarette. And lifted the lit bit off the end. It dropped to my crotch. Jesus Christ!  Fucking…! Can t move it about. Jesus! Beep, beep. I m on fire, you crazy bastard! Smoke started to drift up, I thought, Oh, shit! I stood up and I was beating it like this. Those people driving the other way on the motorway, going, Look at that prick, he thinks he s on a horse. Change of scenery. We are now in a pub in Glasgow. We re in the Scotia bar where I used to play my banjo. It was always full of great players, guitarists, and mandolinists, and violinists, and autoharpers, and accordionists. and writers, and poets, and playwrights, and directors, and producers. A fine cross-section of Glasgow s unemplyoed at the time. We were over in the left of the pub. In the middle were the guys from the fish market. Giving the place that certain ambiance that it had. And at the other end was a motorcycle outfit called The Blue Angels who looked like mass murderers but were actually rather nice guys. One of them only had half an arm. Like this. It was missing from there down. Would be hardly be missing from there UP, Billy.  How does he do that?!  Amazing! I swear on my childrens life it s true. Tattoed around the stump: To be continued. That describes what the pub was like; it was a fucking madhouse. And into this wondered Gordon one day, with his vertical striped velvet coat, his shoes that turned up at the front, his Brylcreem, his ascot tie, and his violin. And weird look about his face. And I became instantly friendly with him. As it turned out, he only had one eye. He d lost it in a motoring accident in Spain. But that s not how we discovered it—just him telling us. That came later. We discovered one day when it was somebody s birthday. In the pub. Happy Birthday! Chink-chink. Happy Birthday, all the best. Chink-chink. Yeah, all the best. Chink-chink. Happy Birthday. Gordon went, Yeah, Happy Birthday.  Did you see that?!  He chinked the glass off his fucking eye! He was a crazy bloke. He drank Guinness. And when he needed to pee he d take his eye out and put it in the foam. ‘Cause there was a lot of thieves in the pub, they called them minesweepers.  That s mine—aaaaaa!. Well, I was walking through the pub one day, and he came in the door with a sling on his arm. You know, the bandage, a sling. I said, What happened to you? He said, You ll never believe it. I was driving up Sauchiehall Street, I was scratching my good eye. I ran into the back of a bus. He thought because his artificial eye was expensive, he could see through it. Now. A sling is a sexy bandage. I m sure you ve never thought of it like that yourself. But if you ask any man in here how he felt when another boy walked into the playground at school wearing a sling. I bet he says, Oh, I wish I d one of them.  If I had one of them, Agnes McDonald s knickers would fly off. It just happens to be a sexy bandage. As a matter of fact, it s the second sexiest bandage there is. There are sexy bandages and there are unsexy bandages. Unsexiest bandage is the top of the head bandage tied under the chin. You couldn t get laid in a brothel with a note from your doctor. I saw a guy in Belfast with one of them on. He was walking up the road at the center of the pavement. The couldn t give a fuck walk. I couldn t give a fuck. Now, if you had one of those bandages, you would t be doing the couldn t give a fuck walk. You s be walking close to the wall. In case whatever happened to you happened again. Well… I was… I was being driven down the road. I said to my driver, Billy, I said, Look at that prick. His answer lives with me. He said, Looks like he was talking when he shoul ve been listening, Bill. Now, I told you the sling is the second sexiest bandage of them all. The sexiest bandage is only worn by Clint Eastwood and other people who play the lead in Western movies. You ll have seen them after they ve been in a great fracas, they ll be sitting up in bed, stripped to the waist, shining. Glowing with sweat. Talking to the leading lady whose legs are already going. Because he is wearing THE BANDAGE. It goes over one shoulder, round the top of the arm, under the arm and across the chest, and under that arm. Leaving this arm free to fuck about. Change of scenery. We re now on an airstrip in Mozambique. Standing in front of one of those single-engined aeroplanes, one of those Buddy Holly pieces of shit. The ones that sound like eeeeeeeeeee eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee I hate them. I was there for Comic Relief, me and another comedian. The people of Mozambique were suffering from starvation and terror attacks. So we sent two comedians. Fucking liberators. We re waiting for the pilot. To take us into the interior. Now, whenever you see one of these single-engine pieces of shit, They ve got terrible habits, like, eeeeeeeeeeeeee eeeeeeee Don t fucking do that again! But my least favourite: eeeeeeeeEeeeeeeEeeee This is sometimes known as the atheism test. Whenever you see one of these aeroplanes, or any, maybe several of them together, have a look aroung and you ll see the bore, you ll find them. He has a blazer, cavalry twills, and suede shoes. And he usually has a moustache. And there s a badge on the blazer, and it s on the tie as well. That s the bore. And he ll be saying, That s real flying. Yes, real seat-of-the-pants flying. Up and away, over the wide blue yonder Real flying. I like to say, Fuck off. Real flying is up front in a jumbo, being spoon-fed caviar from a woman with huge tits. Who whispers in your ear that your air miles entitle you to a blowjob. If that s not flying I don t know what is. Now, for some reason, when you re doing these charities in Africa, the people who fly you around tend to be American, fat, born-again Christians. I don t know why it should be, I only notice this. So we re standing waiting, and they showed up. Two guys with shorts, flip-flops, and T-shirts. Guy says, Hi, I m Chuck, I m the pilot. I said, Fuck off, Chuck. I said, Did they sell men s clothes in the same shop? He said, What? I said, Yes.  Go and get lace-up shoes, long trousers, long-sleeve shirt with epaulettes and breast pockets,  with a packet of Rothmans showing through the pocket,  hairy arms, a stainless steel Rolex, and a moustache and a hat with an eagle on it, is that too much to ask? We managed to get around it, and he had us all belted up in the back seat. He said, Before we go, I think I ll have a word with the man upstairs. I said, Oh, fuck.  Oh, Lord, look after these pilgrims, they know not what they do.  They are simple souls, Lord, lead them on their way. And I m whispering, Put the Bible down.  Put the Bible down.  Have a look through the manual. So he gets ready. Everybody OK? — I am fine.  Everybody OK? — I m OK! Trees! Oh, for fuck s sake!  Everybody OK?  Well, I peed a bit there, when you …  Oh, just be careful.  Says we ve to be careful.  How are we supposed to do that?  Aha. Excuse me.  Yeah.  You were talking to us a second ago, I m sure you remember. And you were urging us to be careful. Could you tell me of what?  About what? How am I supposed to be…  Well, for the last two weeks we ve been flying over here and the bandits have been shooting up at us.  Just be careful. So I m sitting there, being careful. I thought, there s some prick down there pointing his rifle up here. We land in the bush. I may be on the news. I may have the bandage. I m practicing my speech. It s not about me, it s about the children. Then I thought—wait a minute. I am directly above the guy, and he s got a rifle. And I m in a sitting position. He s not gonna hit me anywhere near here. He ll shoot me up the arse. Or in the willy. That s a different kinda bandage altogether. You don t get on the news with an arse bandage. A big nappy. It s not about me, it s about the… — Get the fuck out of here!  People here with shoulder bandages, desperate to go on. Ladies and gentlemen, thanks very much, it s been a pleasure talking to you. Thank you very much indeed.

HASAN MINHAJ@HOMECOMING KING@2017@[theme music: orchestral hip-hop] [crowd roars] What s up? Davis, what s up? I m home. I had to bring it back here. Netflix said, Where do you want to do the special? LA, Chicago, New York? I was like, Nah, son. Davis California. [cheering, whooping] This has, um… This has been a very good year for me. I recently got married, you guys. Thank you, thank you. Thank you. I need the claps. It s a very heavy ring. Very heavy. It was a reverse Lord of the Rings situation. I got a ring and then lost my powers, which is a very different Lord of the Rings. Listening? Compromise? Take the ring, Sam. The movie is done in eight minutes. It s not a 90-hour saga. We just celebrated our one-year anniversary, so it s one year down, forever to go. Which is terrifying to say. But you know what s great? Now, it s just kind of liberating. Because I don t give a fuck about any of my single friends. I don t care about any of you and it feels great. Because you guys are at home, just swiping for love, and complaining. Oh, how do you find people?  Dimples? Off with his head! Like a god-damn emperor. Brunettes? Not for me. I m like, You work at Subway. You don t deserve so much choice. We re getting soft. You realize my parents physically never saw each other? Thirty years ago in a town in India, population 990,000 — that s a small town — my dad heard a buzz in the streets about this woman named Seema, my mom. And, like, Seema was that chick, you guys. In 82, Seema could get… Look at that red langa. Killing it! She was like the iPhone 8. Have you heard of Seema? She s slim. Her family owns a camera. My dad was like, A camera? So he runs to my grandfather s house and lays it on the line. I m going to America. I want to marry Seema. YOLO. In ten minutes, the man married a woman he had never laid eyes on. You understand? That s Tinder with no photos. [laughter] I want that for the rest of my life. I hope she has a good personality. Let s move to the US where we re the only people that know each other. I m so grateful for that decision. Najmi marries Question Mark, they come to the States, I come out. Popping out of your mom is like real estate. It s all about location. I popped out here. Anybody br0wn, we popped out here, we made it. We re the rappers that made it. What s wild is, I never even knew how the whole X-Men Origins story went down. It s crazy, because we know nothing about our parents and our parents know nothing about us. Dad, your favorite color?  Stanford!  What? No.  No, I want to know more about you.  Why? Get into Stanford. And I think it s just that, like, immigrants love secrets. Right? They love them. They love bottling them up deep down, and unleashing them on you later when it s no longer relevant. Mom s a ninja, Dad s a communist? Why are you telling me this right now? Every conversation with my dad is like an M. Night Shyamalan movie. It s just 90 minutes of build-up to no payoff. [laughs and applause] That s the ending? So my dad marries my mom, they come to the States, they have me, in Davis, California, but my mom has to go back to India to finish up med school. So the first eight years, it was just me and my dad. Just the two of us trying to make it in America. Minus all the unconditional love. Br0wn love is very conditional. In the photo he s like, You had better get all As. Like, let s be real. I grew up here. Like, Pioneer… I grew up here. Yeah. [huge cheer] But Davis was, like, super white. Kind of like tonight. [laughter] Roll call was a problem. It was a big deal for a lot of us. Like, what s your name? Jasura. Okay. What would you get? Jasuriah. Jasuriah? Yeah. I would get, like, Hanson Minaja…  Sahan Minha.  Saddam Hussein. It was my English teacher. I m not Saddam. What s your name? Biju. What would you get? A blank stare. A blank stare? I m the only br0wn kid at school, Dad is the only br0wn guy at work. In a weird way that brings us together, and we have to do everything together. Try to understand immigrant fathers. I still can t understand some of you. There are uncles here. None of you guys are smiling. I don t get it. You re going to die. Laugh. Why aren t you laughing? You re always stressed and always tired. You could wake up any immigrant father from a 12-hour nap, and they d say… [angry yawn] Why do I have to pay taxes? You re like, Jesus… We d do everything… I remember being in the grocery store. And we d be walking through the aisles, and my dad would pick up yogurt. Ah, yogurt. Or milk. Just like, Ah. And I d look at him and be like, Oh, man. Dad hates yogurt. [laughter] He hates milk. But I get that look, now. Life is tough and sometimes you don t know what you re doing. He has a little kid and I m not making his life any easier. I m picking up soda and I m like, Ah!  Don t do that.  I m going to live forever! Then I would trip on my Velcro shoes and I would drop the soda and it would explode. And then my dad would do what most br0wn parents do. He would check to see if the coast is clear… and he d slap the shit out of me. [laughter] I love it. Thank you. Thank you. Pockets were acknowledging that. And for the liberal white guilt, immigrants aren t going to hit their children the way you do. Americans hit on the arm and bruise the body. Immigrants slap your face and bruise your soul. It s Guantanamo of the mind. And I know some of you guys are like, Hey, this is Davis, okay? I listen to NPR. Ira Glass says children are our future. Have you seen the show called The Slap? This is a real show on NBC. This is a real show about a white kid that gets slapped at a birthday party. Are you fucking kidding? Thirteen episodes for this kid? Are you kidding me? Do you know when br0wn kids get slapped? Every br0wn birthday party. And usually it s the kid whose birthday it is, and we stand there and point and laugh. We go, Ah, Biju got slapped on his birthday! And that s what makes us tough and resilient. It s why we become cardiologists and win spelling bees. Slapping is important. It elevates your game. You ever seen an Indian kid win a spelling bee? Incredible! Ice water in the veins. [laughter] That kid won t choke on camera. He s been slapped on camera. Of course he can spell knaidel . Knaidel. Look at that face. Nothing. Nothing! He s 12 years old. Nothing! This kid just won $30,000 cash. Nothing. People ask, Where does that come from? Look at this kid s parents. Your son just won the Scripps National Spelling Bee. Look at his brother. His brother is like, I m fucked. I m fucked. The bar is way too high. I should kill myself. People say, Where s Bobby Jindal from? That s where he comes from. That is an Indian sociopath. [raucous laughter] I know what happens when I talk about this. People say, Your parents don t love you. I think our parents love us. We have great fathers. I just think our fathers didn t download all the great dad software. There are just a few apps missing. Birthdays aren t their thing. Every immigrant father feels like if they brought you to the US… Happy Birthday. Starbucks, Wi-Fi, freeways, happy birthday. No more birthdays. Go be president. At an interview, this lady said, Describe your earliest birthday memory. I was like, Do I have to? So I m six, I m turning seven. My dad wakes me up super early in the morning. Hasan, get up! Get in the Camry. The immigrant car of choice. We get in the Camry, we re driving from Davis to Sacramento. There s one mall in the entire area. Arden. We get to this intersection, and I look to my left, and it s the one place every kid dreams about. Toys ‘R Us. I was like, Oh, shit! Dad saw the Toys ‘R Us catalog on my wall. He saw my vision board. He saw the blue BMX bike I wanted. He s here to surprise me. Turn left. Turn left. Turn… left. Then he turns right, and I m like, Home Depot? No! I m like, Why are we here? Do you know what day it is?  It s Saturday.  No, it s my birthday. Did you forget? He s like, Hasan, how could I forget that it s your birthday? That s why I brought you here. So you could pick the door handle for the bathroom. [laughter] And I was like, Why don t you have me pick out the toilet? You are shitting on my dreams. I didn t say that. I would have gotten a slap. I wanted to say that. That s when I realized there s a generational gap between us and our parents. You re going to fight with your parents, and there s a finite number of hands you can play. You know about this. Not going to be a doctor? That s a hand. Marry a white girl? Boom! That s a big hand. [laughter, applause] I could have been like, Dad, fight me. I want that bike. But I was like, Hang on to your cards. You ll need them later. Like, I had vision as a six-year-old. And my mom, she would come and visit, and just kill the mom game. One year, she came to school and brought me a Ghostbusters proton pack. The wheelie thing, the backpack, the gun that catches ghosts… Literally shut Pioneer down. Kids were losing their minds. What? Saddam Hussein s a Ghostbuster?  Yeah, I m a br0wn Ghostbuster. Deal with it. One of the happiest days of my life. But then she would go back to India. That s when I realized I don t want a toy. I just want my mom. I want to be a family. I was very emo. I was like Drake. I missed that girl. When is she coming back? I need her in my life. I need her. I need that girl. I need that girl in my life. I need her, Dad. She used to call me on my phone. My dad s like, When the visa comes through.  When the visa comes through. It s a big deal. I don t care what anyone says. It s difficult to get in this country. It s not like a broken condom where you re like, I m in! [laughter] Eight years. August 11th, 1993. I m so excited. I put on my Ghostbusters proton pack. I m standing there. Dad goes, Put on Indian clothes. I m like, Alright. I can be an Indian ghostbuster. I put on a Salwar Kameez. I m standing there. Door opens. Dad walks through. Mom walks through. And then immediately behind my mom, is this little br0wn girl with a mushroom cut. She runs up to me and hugs me. Hasan bhai! And I m in full hover-hands mode, because I have no idea who this person is. What happened was, my dad would go back and forth to India to visit my mom, and during one trip he knocked her up. [shocked laughter] And I had a sister. But no one told me about it. [uproarious laughter] Remember how I told you that immigrants love secrets? This is a secret that nobody told me! He says, Hug her.  You brought her out like Maury for immigrants.  Hasan, you are the brother. I m like, No, no! She was breakdancing, and I m like, Who the fuck are you?  You don t know me?  I ve no idea who you are. I hated that br0wn girl so much. I was like, Build that wall. I was like a little Republican. I was like, I get it. I remember leveling with my parents at the dinner table. Look, Mom, Dad, let s just be real. Oh, my God, these br0wn people… Oh, jeez. Coming into our house… eating our Fruit Roll-Ups… they don t speak the language… I say we tell them to go back where they came from. He s like, You can t say that. We re family. I m like, No, that s on you and Mom. You guys decided to get your Angelina Jolie on, and bring over this FOB. That s on you, that s not on me. Why do you do this to your daughters? Every single br0wn mother makes your daughter quinceañera dress, chop cuts. Why? Princess from here down, Toad from here up. I ve got this shit following me around on the playground. Hasan bhai! I m like, Yo, kick rocks! I go play tetherball. Hasan bhai!  Get lost! Eventually, I run to the boys bathroom. She follows me into the bathroom. Hasan bhai! All the kids at the urinal are like, Uh! What s Hasan-bye? I went to school with a bunch of Ryan Lochtes. Just all traps. [slow, stupid voice] Uh, I don t understand other cultures, bro. What is that? What does it mean? It s a term of endearment in my culture, meaning brother . Shut up, Cody! I took that anger and channeled it at her. I was like, Hey! You re not my sister. [gasps in audience] But she couldn t understand English. [laughter, applause] But she got what I was saying. She starts crying and runs out. I was like, No! She s going to tell Dad. Let s focus on what s important here. But she didn t. And my dad… It was her first birthday in the US. She was turning five. So for her first birthday, he wanted it to be special. I can imagine being a father, missing your daughter s first steps, her first time saying Dada… That s a hard thing. So for her birthday, he brings everyone into the living room. He drags in this big box and goes, Aisha, open the box. She cuts open the box and unfurls one of the flaps, and I see Toys ‘R Us emblazoned on one of the flaps. And he reaches in, and pulls out a beautiful, blue BMX bike. [audience gasps] Here you go, Aisha. He looks at me. Happy Birthday. [shocked laughter, booing] Savage, right? I m livid. I m like, Yo, when did Home Depot Dad become Danny Tanner? This is bullshit. Really? I m livid. And Aisha senses it. She s like, Hasan bhai, why don t you take it out? And as an elder brother, I felt entitled to that bike. That s my bike. Thank you. Younger siblings, you guys are worthless. You bring nothing to the table. I see you getting mad. Hell, no. I have a personality. Where do you think you got that from, dummy? Us. Clothes, culture, money. Whoa! I have opinions. No, you don t. And then you have the audacity to be, like, Hey, why are you so melodramatic? Because I went to war for you. Mom and Dad was my Vietnam. And you re like, Everybody loves me. It s such bullshit, right? Elder siblings, we walk through the world like, Do people love me? And you re like, Mom and Dad fucked up with you, not with me. [shocked laughter] She s like, Take it for one lap around the block. [speaking Hindi] I grab those handlebars, I m like, Fuck that noise. Boom. I take off. She s like, Hasan bhai, come back! I m like, Eat my dust, immigrant. I m flying. I see a curb. I m about to pop a wheelie. The bike goes left, I go right. And that beautiful blue BMX bike… Bam! It crashes into the cement. All the paint is chipped off the right side of the bike. I pick it up, and it s destroyed. I hear the patter of her chappals. She s crying, Hasan bhai, why would you do this? Animé tears of innocence. Why? I gave you the first ride. And I m looking down at her, and I m like, Man… I m being a dick. Like, this whole time I was looking for acceptance from Cody, Corey and Cole… [laughter] and I had it right here this entire time. I m supposed to be her big brother, help her navigate the American dream and protect her. And I m out here stealing her bike? This is fucked up. And Aisha hates that story. She s always like, Oh, my God, you are so melodramatic. You make me sound like a refugee baby. That s true. I m doing that right now. It s not fair, because she s not a refugee. And, like, she learned English. She went to an Ivy League law school. She does mergers and acquisitions now. She is the one percent. Meanwhile, I… I didn t go to grad school. I became a comedian. This is what I do. And then, when it came time for me to get married, I got married to a girl from a Hindu family. I heard an audible Oh! Alright. Fuck. I heard you go, like, Ugh! I didn t punch you. Damn! So some of you guys don t know. Hindus and Muslims are like the Montagues and Capulets of India. We ve been warring for centuries. You re like, What s the difference? You look the same. So how do I explain this? Hindus and Muslims. So Hindus… Hindus don t eat beef. No beef! Right? And Muslims, we don t eat pork. Is that pepperoni pizza? No. No pepperoni! And then Hindus, they like statues. They re like, Oh! This is a statue of an elephant. I m going to put this in my car. [laughter, applause] Muslims are like, No statues! Calligraphy! We re about the alphabet. We put that in our car. We re different. And then Hindus, they like cartoons. They re like, Oh, this is a cartoon Ganesh. I ll just put this on the wall. And Muslims… we don t really, uh, like cartoons. We ve got to get better about our cartoon policy. Because of this we ve been killing each other for centuries. And I know the older generation doesn t like those jokes. Pakistan was created because of this reason. I know, but… I convinced my dad. Dad, I love her, she loves me. Isn t there something bigger that unites all of us outside of race, color, creed, class? This is America. We can choose what we want to adhere from the motherland. Isn t life like biryani, where you push the weird shit to the side? Why do we got to adhere to this weird shit from back over there? He agrees. He s like, That s a good point. Fine. You should get married. That s a Hall of Fame br0wn dad decision. There s br0wn dads here, like, If my son did that, I would shoot myself and then shoot him. He says yes. We rally the troops, Me, Mom, Dad, Aisha, we get in the Camry, we re driving to my fiancée s house. And we re about to pull up and we get to the door, and my dad is about to ring the doorbell, when he says the sentence that is the killer of every br0wn kid s dream. He goes, I don t think we should do this. Log kya kahenge? [audience gasps] What will people think? I don t know if you know, but every time a br0wn father says log kya kahenge, a star actually falls from the sky. [laughter] I don t want to be a doctor!  Log kya kahenge! No! I don t want to marry!  Log kya kahenge! Why? I bet you, when Mahatma Gandhi told his parents he was going to liberate India, even they were like, Log kya kahenge! Stop marching. The British are going to talk shit about us. Why are you bald and skinny? You re never going to get married. And I m standing there… on that doorstep. [applause, cheering] Wait, I m standing there… on that doorstep, like, Wait, you want me to change my life because of log kya kahenge? Come on, Dad. How many times do we complain about racism in our community? All the time. Now the ball is in our court, we re going to be bigoted? Dad, I promise you, God doesn t like bigotry. God s not like, ‘You re racist. Good job. No! Number two, you want me to change my life to appease some aunty and uncle I m never going to see? You want me to change my life for Naila Aunty? Fuck Naila Aunty. Are you fucking kidding me? My life? But I can t say that. Because I ve played all my cards. So I can t say anything. Now I m losing hope. I m, like, Maybe this is bigger than me. Why can t I put my head down and do what I m supposed to do? This ain t Jodhaa Akbar. Have you ever been trapped by the time you live in? It s been going on for centuries. So I m walking back to the Camry, then I hear a voice behind me. Oh, my God. You guys do this all the time. And it is Aisha, and she is pissed. And she s like, Dad, I did not fly out from Philly for this. [laughter] Beena is so legit. She has a PhD. Hasan bhai is a comedian. [laughter, applause, whooping] No one is going to marry him. Get him married before she changes her mind. She stepped up. She laid down one of her cards for me. She Phil Jacksoned that situation. She got all these people working together. Because of her, I got to marry the love of my life. Because of my sister. I can t believe it. [rapturous applause] For years I resented that br0wn girl. I hated her. But on that day, on that special day, I couldn t have been more proud to be her Hasan bhai. [applause, whistling] [whooping] [huge applause] [applause fades] You know, they say every generation is defined by a great struggle or tragedy. And it s wild that our kids will never know there was a period in time in this country where you had to make a choice between being on the internet or being on the phone. [laughter] They won t get it, dude. You ll never get it. You don t get it, man. You won t. That was our World War I, man. Especially in middle school, if a girl called the house, you had to pick up the phone before your parents. We used to have landlines. It s like phones connected to the land. And one time in middle school a girl called the house. My dad picked it up before me. Hello, who is this?  Hi, it s Alice. Is Hasan there?  What you want, Alice? I was like, I m going to die a virgin.  I m in Geometry with Hasan. I had a question. Can I ask him the question? He s like, Okay, Alice. Why don t you ask me the question, then I ll ask Hasan? That s the way our parents are. Ages zero through 30, No girls! At 35, Why can t you talk to girls? That s basically it. Ah, you kill me! [applause, whooping] That s the way our parents are, right? Our parents are like a firewall to the outside world. They disseminate information to us. It s like living in North Korea. My dad is the leader of the household. So when 9-11 happened I was in high school. My dad sits everybody down. He s like, Hasan, whatever you do, do not tell people you re Muslim or talk about politics.  Alright, Dad, I ll just hide it. This just rubs off. We re sitting there. Phone rings. I run, but my dad beats me to the phone. Hello? I grab the second phone. I hear a voice. Hey, you sand nigger, where s Osama? [audience gasps] He looks at me. You can hear me, right? You fucking dune coon. Where s Osama?  Hey, 2631 Regatta Lane, that s where you live, right? I m going to fucking kill you. Click. And my dad s looking at me. Do you ever see your parents, and you see the mortality in them? I m looking at my dad and I see all five-seven of him. And that s when I realize I m a darapok. I m a scaredy-cat. We can speak two languages. We can speak at home and outside. I should have said something. I didn t. We sit down. I hear thud, thud, thud outside. Me and Dad run outside and all the windows on the Camry are smashed in. My backpack s open. Fuck, they stole my stuff. I reach and I pull out my backpack. Pieces of glass get caught in my arm. Now blood is gushing down my arm, and I m pissed, I m fucking mad. Fuck this, man! These kids know where we live, they re timing this, so they re watching us. So I m looking in the trees, the bushes… I look back in the middle of the street, my dad is in the middle of the road sweeping glass out of the road like he works at a barbershop. We ve got customers. Log kya kahenge? We ve got to clean this up. Zen! Br0wn Mr Miyagi, just, like, not saying a word. I m like, Why aren t you saying something? I m asking you, say something! He looks at me and goes, Hasan… [speaking Hindi] [speaking Hindi] These things happen, and these things will continue to happen. That s the price we pay for being here. That s when I was like, We really are from two different generations. BMX bikes aside. My dad s from that generation where he feels like if you come to this country, you pay the American dream tax. You endure racism, and if it doesn t cost you your life, pay it. There you go, Uncle Sam. But for me, I was born here. So I actually have the audacity of equality. I m like, I m in Honors Gov, I have it right here. Life, liberty, pursuit of happiness. All men created equal. It says it right here, I m equal. I m equal. I don t deserve this. [deafening applause] But as soon as I say that… He looks at me like I believe in Santa. Hasan, you ll never understand.  I ll never understand? Dad, you re the guy that will argue with the cashier at Costco when he doesn t let you return used underwear. And now you want to be the bigger man? Now you re like, ‘Let s be reasonable with the bigots. What? And then he just walks back into the house with glass in his feet. And I honestly don t know who is more right. Maybe he s right. Put your head down. Be a doctor, get a house in the burbs, let them call them whatever you want. But isn t it our job to push the needle forward little by little? Isn t that how all this stuff happens? I don t know. The pendulum swings back and forth for me. And I know 9/11 is a super touchy subject. I understand. Because when it happened, everyone in America felt like their country was under attack. But on that night, September 12th, it was the first night of so many nights where my family s loyalty to this country was under attack. And it always sucks. As immigrants we always have to put on these press releases to prove our patriotism. We re auditioning. We love this country, please believe me. Nobody loves this country more than us. I fell in love here. Six years old, Janice Malo. I saw her in the sandbox. I run up to her. First grade. I love you!  You re the color of poop. That s memory number one. The first time you experience racism? I was like, What? Oh, no! It s not rubbing off! I was fucking terrified. It was like Inception. There were so many levels. I just wanted to wake up and be like, Oh, it was all a dream. I m JGL. It was all a dream. But it s not a dream, it s the universe telling you, It s a Fair and Lovely world. Navigate accordingly. In the third grade, Miss Anderson said, Write what you want to be. Some kids were like, an astronaut, or a firefighter. I was like, I want to be white. [shocked laughter] What do you mean?  I want this part of my skin to be all of my skin. And it wasn t like, I hate melanin. I love melanin. I ve never gotten a sunburn. I m blessed. [laughter, applause, whooping] But when you re white and you re playing the video game of life, and your avatar is white, you just get asked less questions along the way. You pop out. Boom. I want to be Batman.  Well, of course. Batman is white. Duh!  I want to be president.  Duh! Forty-four-and-a-half presidents are white. We ve had a great track record. And I know the privilege debate is very heavy for white people. I know you guys have problems. I ve seen Girls. [laughter] My dad did not give a shit about any of this identity stuff. His rules with me were very simple. No fun, no girlfriends. Have fun in med school. Which is a huge lie. It never gets popping in med school. I ve never been to a club and seen nine dudes: Yo, what s going on?  What s going on? Residency, fam! Never happens. I got a career I hate from my parents. It s a lie. We buy into it. So by my senior year of high school, I had yet to go to a school dance, I had been cut from the basketball team, and I had just got off this medicine called Accutane so my skin and face was peeling. I m crushing life. Out here, killing it. No one did that. Don t clap. No one did that for that photo. No one ever did that at my school. It s too late. But there was one bright spot, this girl named Bethany Reed. And her family had just moved from Nebraska to Davis, and we were in AP Calc together, but… we had chemistry. She sat behind me, first day, she s like, Hey… what s your AIM screen name? [laughter] I was like, It s about to go down. Do you want it? I could give it to you. Whatever I lacked in real-life game, my digital game… bananas. Status updates, away messages, sub profile, Boyz II Men. Don t say you don t like Water Runs Dry . I was a lover. Late at night on AIM, back and forth, back and forth… You guys don t know this. Some of you guys are just in college, Snapchatting. Back in the day, we had to fire up the internet like goddamn cavemen. You know what I mean? [makes long, crackling, buzzing noise] [blows] If someone picked up the phone, Hey, get off the phone! I m trying to talk to somebody! That s how we would communicate. Late at night, back and forth, back and forth. One night she was like, Hey, come over. I bike over to her place, white picket fence, McMansion, Ford Expedition, Eddie Bauer edition. [audience cheers] Oh, they made it! Mrs Reed opens the door. Her father is this successful retired judge. Mrs Reed s like, You want br0wnies?  Yeah. Cool.  Hey, stay for dinner.  We just had br0wnies, but okay. We re sitting there at the dinner table. And now Mrs Reed s like, Hey, honey, we know so much about Bethany, but we don t know anything about you. What do you like? What are you into? I was like, What? [laughter] What do I like? Um… Nobody… Nobody has ever asked me that before. [laughter] I guess I like acoustic guitar.  You should do that. You should follow your dreams. [laughter] Maybe I will. Maybe I will follow my dreams. Then Bethany s like, Hey, we always study at my house. Why don t we study at your house? I was like, I ve got to go. What, invite you over to my house? You walk in: What language are you guys speaking? What s that smell? I m not going to open myself up to that. But I was like, No, she s different. I hit her up late at night. Mom, Dad, a school friend is coming over. Everyone here, please be normal. My dad is like, We are normal. Killing me, you know what I mean? Hasan, we re normal. Be proud. You should be proud. Who is proud? No one is. You re walking around like a rooster. I m not proud and no one is proud. We get there. We re sitting on my living room table. My mom and dad are arguing in Hindi. My mom is frying pakoras. The fobbiest thing ever. Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham is playing on Zee TV. But it s too much. It s all coming at this girl. It s too much. You ve got to ease your way in. She s from Nebraska. Soul cycle, yoga, then Zee TV. Don t just, like, go into it. So I m looking at her, like, Don t say anything. Please don t say anything. She looks up from her book, and she s like, You know what? This is really nice. We should do this more often. This is really nice. And I look at her, and I m like, Oh, my God. I love you, my white princess. [laughter] You see me. I don t got to change who I am? I can be me! So I m going back and forth. Her house, my house. One night, we re on the living room table. We re doing integrals. [laughter] She closes her book. She s like, Hey. It s late. And I m like, It is late. And she s like… I should go home. I was like, Yeah, you should… Why did you say that? That was your chance. Don t do that. I said, Wait, let me walk you out. So I m walking her out. She gets in the car. I m about to close the door. She rams her arm into the door, leans out and gives me a kiss. I love you. Drives off into the night. Like a fucking G! Because she knew the rules. She knew the rules. No fun, no friends, no girlfriends. All we had was that stolen moment in my driveway. You guys are like, I was getting handjobs when I was nine. Not me. Not this guy. Not you, not you, not you. Not us. I was like, Are we getting married? I have to change my pants. We are definitely getting married. When is the shaadi? [applause] Now, my AP Calc class was a group of overachievers and my Calc teacher, Mr Pendleton, wanted us to live lives outside of school. So one day he gets up in front of the entire class. Alright, you guys are all killing it academically but I want you to know there is more to life than just getting into UC Berkeley. One kid was like, I know, getting into Stanford. He s like, No, you have to live a life worth talking about, which is why I m making it mandatory for everyone in this class to go to prom. I m like, All 30 of us? We re all going to prom? AP Calc? Us? Me, Jehovah s Witness girl, Korean exchange students, going to the prom? Thirty for 30? All of us? I m laughing so hard, I m crying. He s like, Hanson, this is not funny. He walks over to the board, he pulls it down. It s a bracket with everybody s name on it leading up to the big dance. It s March Madness for nerds. I m like, Whatever, it s not going to happen. He can t do this. Weeks go by. Kids start getting dates. Three days before prom he walks to the board. Last two names: Hasan Minhaj, Bethany Reed. The class goes nuts. They re like, Oh! They re going to fuck!  No, we re not! Are we? No, no we re not. I look at her, Please don t say anything. She says nothing, like a G. [laughter] Bell rings. I m walking to my locker. I hear footsteps. She s like, Wait up. I was like, What s up?  Oh, that was crazy back there. What are the chances? She s like, Listen, you know, ever since my family moved from Nebraska, you ve been my best friend. And you re really special to me. This year wouldn t be the same without you. So I was wondering, will you go to prom with me? [applause, whooping] I was like, Yes, my white princess. As soon as I said that, I was like, No! I had bitten off more than I could chew. No, wait. You ve got cards to play. You re good. You re a good kid. Also, remember, parents respect honesty. You ve seen this on TV. If you go home and are honest, your parents will be like, ‘Even though I disagree with you, I respect your candor. Therefore I will grant your wish.  I ran home, I was like, Dad, I would like to go to prom. [speaking Hindi] Which means, I will break your face.  Duly noted, father.  Bethany, situation at home. Father doesn t want us to go to prom. I m going to sneak out. I live on the second story. I m going to jump off and land on my bike. I ll bike to your place, we dance it up, and if I die, I had a great run. You know? You re going to die, so put it on the tombstone. Hasan Minhaj, 4.3 GPA, kissed a white girl. What an amazing way to go. The night of prom rolls around. I put on the JC Penney suit. Spray on the Michael Jordan cologne. Six puffs, one for each championship. You don t want to overkill it with the MJ cologne. Don t be tacky. I m scaling down the side of my roof, scraping my knees. I jump off the roof. It s like 20 feet. I jump off, I somehow land, I get on my bike. It s beautiful, the sun is setting, it s one of those gorgeous evenings. And I m biking with my knees bowed out. So my slacks don t get caught up in the chains. Fast enough to get there, but slow enough to not get pit stains. I m balancing the corsage. [panting] Alright, go. Go. You re good. You re getting there. [wild applause and cheering] I get to her house. I park my bike. I m walking up to the doorstep, and I m about to ring the doorbell when I m like, Wait. 30 second time-out. Do you understand what s about to go down? You re about to go to prom with Bethany motherfucking Reed. [applause] This is the American dream. This is what Dad fought for. Ding-dong. Mrs Reed opens the door. She has this look of concern. And I look over her shoulder, and I see Jeff Burke putting a corsage on Bethany s wrist. [audience sighs] And she s like, Oh, my God, honey, did Bethany not tell you? Sweetie, we love you, we think you re great. We love that you come over and study. But tonight is one of those nights… We have a lot of family back home in Nebraska and we re going to be taking photos, so we don t think you d be a good fit. Do you need a ride home? Mr Reed can give you a ride home. And I was like, No, I have my bike. And I just biked home and played Mario Kart. That s the nicest I ve ever been dressed, playing Mario Kart. [laughter] I wish I had said, Fuck that, I m going to the dance. I didn t. The sad part is, I felt bad for being there. Who was I to ruin their picture-perfect celebration? You ve seen movies. How many times do you see that on screen? And it s not like they were yokels yelling sand nigger! I could let that pass. I d eaten off their plates, kissed their daughter. I didn t know that people could be bigoted even as they were smiling at you. It s hard when you see people saying they love you but they re afraid at the same time. And I didn t know what that meant. [applause] Then the following Monday, during first period she finds me. She s like, Everybody has been asking why we didn t go. Please don t say anything. It s a generational thing. Please don t say anything. And I look at her. Second period rolls around like clockwork. Mr Pendleton s like, So, lovebirds, what happened? Everybody s wondering. So I m, like, Yeah, what happened? Looking at her. She just looks down. Now everybody s looking at me so I ve got to improvise. I was like, Yeah, you know, I decided not to go. I mean, dances are overrated. They re a cliché. I decided not to go. Everybody in the class looked at me. Wow, you dick.  You stood up the new girl? Thank God Jeff took her. You re a dick. That s the last time we ever spoke. And you know, time has passed, and I don t really think about that day. I mean, I did write a show about it, but… [laughter] like a lot of people… [cheering] [more cheering, whooping] …you move on to different chapters of your life. You have selective memory. You re in college. Tools, Clear History. Out of college. Tools, Clear History. Never did that. Married. Tools, Clear History. Never happened. Second marriage, Tools, Clear History. Never happened. But for the most part, I actually think about it the way my dad does. Oh, you couldn t go to prom with a white girl? Who gives a fuck? At least your spine isn t getting shattered in a police wagon, though it s happening to African-Americans to this day. So this is a tax you have to pay? I ll pay it. ‘I can t date your daughter. I don t give a fuck, Uncle Sam. Take it. But then I realized, wait, hold on. Why is it every time the collateral damage has to be death, for us to talk about this? A kid has to get shot 16 times for us to be like, Maybe we have a race problem. For every Trayvon Martin or Ahmed the clock kid, there is bigotry that happens every day. Because we re too afraid of the Other. Someone who s not in our tribe. I wish I could tell 18-year-old me, Hey, man, don t let this experience define you. It s good people and bad people. Irrespective of creed, class, color, find those people. Because love is bigger than fear. I wish I could tell him that. I really believe that. [applause, cheering] I really believe love is bigger than fear. Fox News has taught me that. Fox News is incredible. I ve never seen so many people with spray tans hate people of color. It is amazing. And Fox News is in New York. They re in New York. Daily Show, Fox News, five avenues away from each other. That s it. Professor X, Magneto, that close. Every day I walk past their building during lunch. I ll see all the employees, Hannity, Coulter, O Reilly, leave their building, cross the street, walk past me, and line up for halal chicken and rice. I m like, Uh… Racist Randy wants that red sauce. Your brain can be racist, but your body will just betray you. I love that so much. All morning, they re like, Mexicans, all lives matter, Arabs… 12:01! Shwarma time! I love that so much. And I wish I could tell 18-year-old me that, but I can t. I don t have a time machine. I can t tell him that. You know what the shitty part is? When you first fall in love, you get that first taste of the Heisenberg blue. It s never the same after that. People here with girlfriends are like, Babe, it s different with you. You re lying and that s okay. But we had those first secrets. My secret was, I want to be a comedian. She said, I want to be a journalist. We promised we would follow our dreams, no matter what people would think. So I started doing comedy. I wasn t very good. Two years, three years, four years, six years, seven years… I finally get a chance to headline a comedy club. It s a big deal for me. Gotham Comedy Club, New York City. I did what a lot of early comedians do. I got on Facebook, I got super cocky. I was like, Yo, Facebook! Your boy, headlining Gotham Comedy Club. Let me know if you want some tix. All caps. Like, relax! I sent it. I was like, I m a headliner. Let s go to the airport. LA, Chicago, Nashville, New York… I m flying Southwest. I was like, I made it! Oh, hello. La Quinta Inn! Don t mind if I do. Free Wi-Fi? Why not? Let s see what the internet is saying about me. I open up my laptop, fire up Facebook, and I see this. Hey, um, long time no see. You re doing comedy now. So cool. Listen, me and my girlfriends live in Manhattan and we were wondering if we could get some tix? Question mark. Okay. [laughter] [sighs with pleasure as he drinks] [applause] I don t know if you know what this means. But, you know, if life gives you lemons, sometimes you ve got to make revenge lemonade. Sprinkle in a little irony. Reply, son. Reply. Bethany, comma, enter. Totally remember you. Long time no see, indeed. [talks gibberish in high-pitched voice] Seven years. A lot of time. Listen, I would love to give you some tix, but we re going to be taking a lot of photos tonight… [audience gasps, applauds] …and I don t think you d be a good fit. Send that shit! Send that shit right now! Send that shit right now! I jump on stage! I run to the club, jump on stage… I don t even know what I said. I was like, Fuck that. Goodnight. Boom. I go to the airport. We go from New York, Chicago, to Nashville to LA. I pick up my Toyota Camry L-motherfucking-E. Don t you ever forget about it. Cloth interior for life. Whipping through the streets of LA. Hello, headliner. What do you need?  Hasan bhai, Dad had a heart attack. Hey… idiot, pick up your phone. I need you. Dad had a heart attack. My dad had just suffered a quintuple bypass. So they re rushing him to the hospital. Aisha goes, Come home, now. I was like, I got a set at the Comedy Store. I m going to do that, then I ll come home. And I did a set at the Comedy Store. And then I drove home. And I don t know why… I get to Kaiser and run upstairs. My mom and my sisters are crying. My sister looks at me, she s like, They don t know what you did. I do. Doctor sees me. Are you his son?  Yeah.  You re over 18? Sign this. I sign this waiver that clears the hospital of liability if something happens to my dad. The surgery is that risky. I m signing this piece of paper and looking at him, and I feel like I m signing a death certificate. His body temperature is so low that he looks blue. They wheel him into surgery and I hand the clipboard to the doctor. I look at my dad, like, If this is the last time I see my dad… I m saying goodbye to a person I barely even know. And I m waiting, hoping that he comes out of surgery okay. And somehow he makes it through. We re in the hospital. I have to tell him stories. So I m telling him stories about my life, he s telling me stories about his. So I tell him the prom story. He goes, Hasan, I m mad at you.  I know, I kissed a girl. I ll never do it again. [laughter] He goes, No… why don t you forgive Bethany? [speaking Hindi] He wanted to be the bigger person again. I was like, Why?  You know when I emigrated to this country in 1982, I thought if I let you go to a school dance, you would join a gang, get a girl pregnant and become a drug dealer, in one night. I wanted to protect you. Her family saw stuff about us. They wanted to protect their daughter. Everybody s afraid of everybody. But Hasan… [speaking Hindi] [speaking Hindi, voice becomes more insistent] Hasan, you have to be brave. Your courage to do what s right has to be greater than your fear of getting hurt. So, Hasan, be brave. Hasan, be brave. It s a very beautiful poem. I think about it all the time. And look, there are some days where I can forgive that person. The past is the past. Tools, Clear History. It s done. Other days, No, fuck that. This is House of Cards. Crush our enemies. I didn t know how to feel, until this. Pizza Hut new big pizza sliders are here. Get nine in a box for just ten bucks. Ten bucks. Match up to three ways. Three? Cheese! Big, delicious sliders, only at your Pizza Hut. And that s how you make it great. Alright, so… so this airs during March Madness. Everyone sees it. The night this airs, friends send me text messages. Hey, man, by any chance do you know how many pizza sliders you get in a box for just ten bucks? [laughter] Nine!  Is it true you can mix and match up to three ways? [laughter] Yes, three. Yes. A buddy of mine sends me this screengrab. Just saw my high school prom date in a Pizza Hut ad. #throwback. #it s a small world. #brilliant. To which I reply, We didn t end up going, though. How ve you been? #MrP. #Calc. To which she replies, I know! Made for a better tweet though. Let me know when you re in New York. To which I reply, abso-fucking-lutely. Now, against the advice of my therapist I go on Facebook, because she has a public profile. So I start clicking around. Bethany Reed. Okay. Lives in Manhattan. Duh, we knew that. In a relationship with… I click it. [audience gasps, applause] Rajesh… Rengatramanajanana… She is dating an Indian dude, and this dude is Indian as fuck. Look at his name! Look at how big his name is. It s so big, it barely fits in his Facebook profile. So big. Ten syllables. Ra-jesh Ren-gat-ra-ma-na-ja-na-nam. Are you kidding me? How many letters are in the alphabet? How many letters in the alphabet? 26 letters in the alphabet, right? How many letters are in Rajesh Rengatramanajananam? 25. That s one less letter than the entire alphabet. Come on! How easy is my name? Hasan Minhaj. So easy. She was like, Fuck that. Give me the Rajesh Rengatramana… motherfucking-jananam. Like, No! God is laughing at me. God is laughing at me. Now, against the advice of my therapist… I make contact. She s like, Do not make contact. I m like, Tell me what I want to hear.  Need closure? Go for it.  See you next week. Therapy is bullshit. Bethany, I ve got a gig in New York next week. I would love to meet up. She s like, Yeah, let s meet up. And I go from LA to New York, direct flight. Pizza Hut money. I m walking through New York. I m livid. I m pissed. How is this possible? How is this possible? Rajesh Rengatramana… How does she make love? Oh, my God, Rajesh Rengatramanajananam, give it to me right now. Rajesh Rengatramanajananam, I want you so bad. Put your Rajesh in my Rengatramanajananam. I was like, Stop it. Stop imagining her having sex with Rajesh Rengatramanajananam. You ve got leverage. Walk in there, be cool. Walk in there, be confident. Be like this, dude. Walk in there and just own it. Be like this, be like this. [laughter] [whistling, whooping] What s up? Do that with this, and then lick the lips and go, What s up? I m practicing it. I get to the door, open the door, then I hear, Hey, Hasan! She s sitting outside. She saw me doing this shit in the street. [applause] I was like, Oh, hey, what s up? Is someone sitting there? Cool. I just walk up and I m like, Alright, yeah. I ll just sit here, cool. I m sitting there. When you see someone from your past, all of a sudden, you re that age again. So all that Kanye juice just goes out of my body. I can t say anything. It s like the adults in Charlie Br0wn. I can t say anything. 20 minutes, 30 minutes, 40 minutes. Dude, are you going to be a darapok again? Say something. She starts talking about rent control and I cut her off. Bethany, do you know why I m here? I m here to talk about prom. [laughter] And her face went white. You guys knew she was white, right? It went whiter than white. And I was like, You knew my situation. You knew it. I was ride or die for you. At that age, that s a lot. You weren t the same for me, fine. Whatever. But what makes matters worse is, you had me socially crucified in front of everybody. You knew how hard it was for me, and then I was so insecure at that age that I couldn t date another white person, because I was afraid of not being able to be with them, because of the color of my skin. Do you know what that s like? And now, I m trying to pursue my dreams, I m trying, but now you re writing about me, you act like we re cool, when we re not. Why do you do that? And she was like, I am so sorry. But you know we were 18, right? Like, I really wanted to go with you. But my mom, she s very controlling. Do you know what it s like to have a parent that controls your life?  No, I don t. What is that like? Do tell. I would love to hear that story. [cheering] Tell me more. What? She s like, I wish I could have gone with you. But I can t change the past. I never thought you would want to talk to me ever again. But the reason why I write about you is because I see you kept your promise. So even if you never want to talk to me ever again, I ll always be rooting for you. You know how you carry hatred in your heart about people in your past? They did this to me. Fuck them. Damn them. In that moment, I let it go. I crushed it like a Voldemort Horcrux. [makes crushing sounds] [cheering, applause] But I had to ask her the question that we re all thinking. [laughter] What about Mr Rengatramanajananam? She s like, I hit it off with this guy. We decide to move in together. I needed money for a deposit so I called my mom.  What did your mom say?  My mom was like, ‘No. You know the way our family is. So make up your mind.  And I was like, What did you say? And she s like, I told my mom, ‘Not again. This isn t high school. Raj is a good person and so am I. So I m going to be with him because it s right. I hope you make up your mind.  And I m looking at her, and I m so embarrassed. I m like, Dude, what are you doing? Why are you hunting down people from your past like a psycho? [laughter] You re not Liam Neeson. What is going on? I realized, You don t give a shit about this person. I care about what she represents. Growing up, we just want that co-sign. To tell them you re good enough. Sit here. You re good enough. But that s not the American dream. It s not asking for a co-sign. It s what every generation did before you. You claim that shit on your own terms. Pizza Hut pizza sliders. Nine in a box for just ten bucks. That s you. You re not Hasan Minhaj. You re Hussan Minhajj . This is new br0wn America. The dream is for you to take, so take that shit. Stop blaming other people. [cheering, whooping] Now I m standing outside the restaurant and I can t even concentrate, because I know she s more evolved than me. She s like, Next time, me, you and Raj should hang out. I m like, Yeah, let s not do that. And I m walking to the subway station. But I take one last look at the restaurant. Just to see her one last time. To know that generational change is possible with one choice. I turn around and I look, but she s gone. And I never saw her again. I did keep my promise, though. You know, I kept doing comedy. I never knew… I never knew if I would do anything more than Pizza Hut. You know how you hit that point when your parents give up on you and move on? Let s move on to Aisha. One day I get an email from my manager. Want to audition for The Daily Show? That s not a question. That s a statement. Hey, audition for The Daily Show. I submit a tape. I get a call. Jon Stewart saw your tape. Come to New York. They want you to audition. But, but… you have to write another original piece. Can you write another?  No, I can t. I m not Larry David. I can t do Seinfeld and Curb. I m a mere mortal. I m walking back and forth in my shitty one-bed apartment, like, I m going to die here. And it s amazing how racism will always happen to you when you need it the most. Like changing the oil on your car. Oh, 15,000 miles. Racism. So I m watching the show Real Time With Bill Maher. Have you guys seen Real Time With Bill Maher? You know Bill s demeanor. Hey, do you believe in God? You re a fucking idiot. And everyone s like, Oh, the atheist prophet speaks! So this clip went viral, him and Ben Affleck. Bill Maher is like, These Muslims, 85 percent of them hate our freedom. We ve got to round them up, we ve got to contain them. And Ben Affleck s like, Are you crazy? Round them up, contain them? Dude, we did that to the Japanese. You can t do that. Am I crazy? And I was like, No, you re not crazy. You re my white prince. [laughter, applause] Don t you realize what happened in that moment? We got our first A-list celebrity to back the Muslim community. We got Batman, baby! He may not be the hero we want, but he is the hero the Muslim world needs.  Batman versus Bill Maher. I write the piece, go to New York. You get it, right? The producer answers the door: Audition with me. When you re ready, Jon will come down. Run it with me. We re walking down the hallway, and I see all these photos of the old correspondents that came before me. Steve Carell, John Oliver, Sam Bee, Jason Jones, Ed Helms, Steven Colbert… and me? Keema roti, me? You know we don t end up this far. You know the way it is. Middle management till we die. We re not on that stage, ever. I walk in and I see that Daily Show globe. I can t tell you how blue it is. And now I m sweating through my suit. The producer is like, We ll run it a few times. And I sit down and I get to the desk. Sitting presidents have sat on that desk. I sit down and we re running it, and I m nervous. He goes, Hey, man, just slow down. Alright? We run it a second time. Now I m stuttering. And he goes, Hey, man, relax. You re funny. Which is a tell-tale sign of being, like, Hey, man. You re not funny. You shouldn t relax. And I can feel it. I m choking. We ve all been there. Everyone s, How did it go? You re like, Positive thoughts. No, it s not happening. You re not. You are choking. MCAT, DAT, you re going to the Caribbean, it s a wrap. You choked, right? Too real? It s real. We ve all been there. And I can feel this turtle head coming out of my butt. I m really nervous. I m pooping my pants. I m like, No! Then I hear… [sings Daily Show theme] I know that voice. It s Jewish Yoda. It s Jon. He s walking through the tunnel where the guests come, so he s just back-lit. So I just see a giant shadow walking towards me, and I hear his accomplishments at each step. Boom! I am Jon Stewart. Boom! Twenty-two-time Emmy-award-winning Jon Stewart. Boom! I redefined political satire and comedy. What have you done? I m like, Have you heard of Pizza Hut? [laughter] [applause, whooping] Then he steps into the light, and he s shorter than I thought. And he has all this scruff on his face. And I look at him, and I m like… Dad? He had Jewish Najmi vibes. He shakes my hand. I could feel it, like he d slapped me in a previous life. I was like, I know this hand! He starts riffing, I start riffing. The prompter guy: What are you doing?  I got this. I had it all memorized. One shot, Eight Mile. And I stuck my landing like a Russian gymnast. Thank you for the opportunity. I tucked that turtle head back in my butt. We re going home. I walk out the door, but then I hear a voice. Hey, man, where are you going? And it s Jon. I was like, Oh, I live in LA. I ve got to go back to LA.  Well, I ll see you Monday, right? I was like, Why?  Well, you work here. So I ll see you Monday, right? [huge cheer] I couldn t believe it. I was like, Oscar speech, go. Say what you got to say. What I wanted to say was, Jon, this is one of the only things that I ve gotten in my entire career that my dad actually knows. [laughter] So thank you. But what I said was, Jon! My dad… knows you! He s like, Yeah, I m sure he does. I pinch myself. You re Hasan Minhaj. You re going to be on The Daily Show. I run outside. I call my girl. She s crying. I call my mom, she s crying. I call my dad, he says Good job.  What? ‘Good job ? Say it again. I can t hear you, Dad. Say it. A car almost hits me. I m, like, No! I can t die. I ve got to drop the greatest status update. I run upstairs, open my laptop, fire up Facebook, and then I see this. [audience gasps, moans] [quiet laughter] You guys see this, right? [laughter] Don t you know what this means? Don t you get it? I m the cure for racism. [laughter, applause] I cured it. Alright, maybe I didn t cure it, but everyone has a purpose. Some people were put here to find a cure for cancer, or find a vaccine for Ebola. My life is definitive proof that once you go br0wn, you ve got to lock that shit down. [huge cheer, applause] Thank you. Thank you. Good night. Be well. God bless. I love you guys. I love you guys. Good night. I love you. [whistling, whooping]

CHRIS D ELIA@MAN ON FIRE@2017@[???] ? Fire ? ? Fire ? [audience cheering] ? Man on fire ? ? Fire ? ? Fire ? ? Fire ? ? Man on fire ? Yes. [audience continues cheering] Yes. All right. Yeah. All right. Just relax. We re fucking here, doing this in Canada. I m happy about that. [audience cheering] Look at this crowd. Yo, all right. I know, uh… I know I look like a tired eagle. Um… [audience laughing] I don t like how you laughed, to be honest. It s fine… It s fine that you laughed at it, but the way you laughed at it was shitty, you know? You laughed like you realized it. [audience laughing] Ha, ha, oh. Eagles are cool, though. They re fucking… You know what I mean? [squawks] They do that shit. I don t look like that eagle that would be like fucking… I look like an eagle that would be like this: Caw. You know what I mean? Like… just tired as shit, stuck in traffic: Caw. I ve been thinking about the way I look a lot lately because I m finally the age I look. I m like… I always looked older than I was, but now I m 36 and that s a hundred percent obvious. Like… it s… Like… Here s what I mean I m the age I look. When I say I m 36, nobody in here goes like this: No. You know? [audience laughing] Like, I m an adult. It s fucking crazy to realize yourself as an adult, right? I mean, I ve been an adult for a while, but I just kind of… Recently it sunk in. Here s what happened when I realized it. I saw a picture, uh, of me and I didn t recognize me. I just saw, like, an adult male. I literally saw me and I thought, Fuck that guy. He looks creepy. That s what I thought. I was like, I don t like his whole story. Fuck him. And then I realized it was me. I look like that. I look like a guy that d fuck your girl and then be like: That s the game. You know what I mean? [audience laughing] I m sorry. I didn t do it. I m so fucking 36, man. When I was in my 20s I was a completely different person. I don t… I feel girls say shit like that, actually. I don t mean it like that. I feel like girls say dramatic shit like: I used to be a completely different person. [audience laughing] I feel like when a girl says it, it means she used to fuck a lot, you know? [audience laughing] I feel like when a girl says that, part of her thinks that she was someone else for real. She ll be, No, for real. I used to be a little Japanese man, or whatever. Like, No, you weren t.  Oh, really? Then explain this: [mimics Japanese dialogue] You re like, Okay, I don t wanna argue. You were Japanese for a summer or something. Ha, ha. I don t mean I was a different person. I was a lot different than I am now. And I was, dude. Just take ten years ago. When I was 26 I was married, which is crazy. Which… And that s true. But by the way, don t do that. Uh, yeah. [audience laughing] I don t bad-mouth marriage. You can get married and it can work out, but not if you re 26 and a dude. That s way too young, okay? I mean, maybe some of you are 26 and married out there, in which case, oops, but you know what I mean? It s not gonna work out, you know? I mean, it might, but it won t. You know what I mean? But it could, but it s not going to, right? But some are like, This one s special. And you re wrong, but, uh… Yeah, you re not special. You re just somebody. [Laughs] That s fucked up. We re not special at all. That s so fucked. [audience cheering] We re not. We re not special. We re just people. It s fucked up to think about, right? I know when I say that I lose some people in the audience. They re like, Well, yeah, I mean… [audience laughing] Speak for yourself, but… I m special cause I bought a vest a week ago. Or whatever the fuck you think makes you special. Of course we think we re special. We live in a society that fucking makes us feel that way, right? We re all individuals and shit, right? Well, we… People told us that ever since we were little kids. Your parents or if you had shitty parents, your teachers told us that shit, right? I had a teacher that used to be like, Remember, you re your own snowflake. [audience laughing] As a 4-year-old, you re like, Okay, I m a little bit of snowflake, I guess. Like, that s weird as shit. And you carry on the tradition. We fucking make… You… You got kids, you make them feel special, you lie to them. You do. You say shit like, You can do anything you put your mind to. What the fuck? No, you can t. No. No, you can t. No, you can t. No. So many things you can t do even if you put your mind to it. Most things you can t do. A lot of you guys couldn t even get here on time. [audience laughing] [audience cheering] Things are hard as shit. We can all do, like, four or five things, tops. We try things, but halfway through we re like: Fuck it, I m hungry. And we quit. We give up cause shit is hard as fuck. I m wrong about this? You can do anything you put your mind to. Really? Shit out of your eyes. Do that. [audience laughing] Try it. Do it. fucking put your mind to it. [grunts] Try every day for the rest of your life. [grunts] It ll always come out of your asshole first every single time. This is you every day. Back to the drawing board. That s you every day with a high dry cleaning bill cause you shit your pants. We re not special. But of course you feel that way. I saw some of you walk in here tonight. You re like, fucking here I am. [audience laughing] You only think that cause you re you. That s why. If you were someone else, might be like, Fuck that guy. I don t like his vest. [audience laughing] That s the problem, really, is that you ve always only been you. That s the problem. You ve never been anyone else, right? So, you re important cause you live inside your body. You re looking out of your eyes. And if someone pokes you, you re like, fucking hey. [audience laughing] [chuckles] Don t make me start a hashtag on Twitter. [audience laughing] You know how you know that we think we re special? Because… Here s why. ‘Cause movies make money. That s why. ‘Cause we think we re special. ‘Cause we ll sit in the theater and watch Denzel Washington and be like, You know what? fucking that s me. [audience laughing] I m fucking Denzel in my life. If my life were a movie, I will be the lead. I m the Denzel Washington part. No, you re not the fucking Denzel Washington part. What part you are? Denzel Washington walks up to you like, Where is she? And then you go like this, I don t know. That s you. [audience laughing] You think you re Denzel? Think you walk into a room full of cops with a bunch of confidence and swagger? Just like So, what do we got? No. That s what Denzel does. You re the guy afterwards with a bunch of graphs and spreadsheets and you re like, Uh, excuse me, sir. I… I… I have a bunch of facts that pertain to the case ahead. And he s like, Shut the fuck up! And you go: Oh, Oh! And the spreadsheets fly everywhere, you bitch ass. That s you. You re not fucking Denzel. You think you are? You think you re the man on fire? Is that what you think? You think you walk out of a car in slow motion with the music blaring in the background? [mimicking dramatic music] No. When you get out of your car, the music stops. ‘Cause it was on the radio in your car. You don t get out on a mission with a beautiful dove flying out of your backseat. And the wind casually flipping your Hawaiian shirt up, exposing your abs. You don t even have abs, you fat fuck. [audience laughing] You don t get out like: [Mimicking dramatic music] You get out and it s like: [Mimicking wacky music] [mimics farting noise] Fat. Fat fuck. Fuck a dove. There s a pigeon at best. And it s fatter than you are. Can t even get off the ground. It s eating Doritos out of your car when you got out, you fucking piggy fat fuck. [audience laughing] [man in audience] Yeah! You re not… You re not Denzel. You re not the man on fire. You think you are. A lot of you think I m talking about other people. You are other people to other people. You think you re the fucking man. You think that s your movie, you fucking… You think if someone pulled a gun on you, you might, Do it. Come on, motherfucker. Let s see what you got. Come on, show me the balls you got. [shouts] No way. Neither would I. I m not saying I m better than that. Here s me or anybody in here if we got a gun pulled on us. This is what we would do: [Groans, then crying] Take my girl, take my girl. You can fuck her. [audience chuckles] You re not Denzel. You re not the man on fire. Right? Life s not your movie, that s what I m trying to say. Makes sense, right? You know what life is more like? We re all extras in someone else s movie. That s what it s more like, right? And you guys believe me. You re like, 70, 75 percent there. You re like: Well, yeah, I mean… Chris D Elia is right, but… also, ha, ha… I m a little bit Denzel. Right? You know what that is? That s your ego. That s… I have that, too. I have that ego. You live life like it s your movie because you don t wanna be the bitch-ass extra, right? I certainly… I orchestrate my life that way. I feel like I m the lead of my movie right now. I m on-stage yelling into a microphone at you guys. I m like, It s like this. It s like that. You guys are all looking back at me like, Yeah, he s right. It feels like it s my movie, but it s not. In real life, the movie is probably about a couple arguing. And the girl gets so mad that she storms out. And this is just a scene at the Vogue in fucking Vancouver, Canada. [audience cheering] Yeah. I m not even Chris D Elia in this movie. I m comedian number six. [audience laughing] But you try, right? You try cause you have to. You try to make life yours, right? Life throws what it throws you and you roll with the punches. That s what happened to me, you know? I met a girl and I hung out with her for too long, and then… Then I loved her. By the way, that s what love is. That s what it is. Hanging out with someone for too long. That s what it is. It s true. Fuck these movies. They glorify love. Two people in the rain, looking at each other, not giving a shit it s raining cause they re holding eye contact. Right? They re just like, I fucking love you. Ah. You re my soul mate. I m so lucky I found you. Why am I the one that s so lucky? I can t belie… I miss you when I blink. [audience laughing] Where did you go?  Oh, I was just blinking. That s not what people say as it starts raining. You know what people say? No matter how much in love they are, no matter how much eye contact, this is what we say: Hey. [Spits] Ah. Let s go inside. That s what we say. Love is not that certain. If I could pick two words that love is, it s right here: I guess. [audience chuckles] Love is I guess. You find yourself your I guess person and have an I guess family. That s what you do. And then you I guess your way all throughout life. That s what you do. You say, Yeah, let s get married, I guess, and then have kids, I guess , and feed them, I guess, uh… every day, I guess. And take a trip if we have the money, I guess. And when I m sick, make me soup if you re in the mood, I guess. And then when you die, I ll be right by your side. I guess. I don t know. That s so far away. At this point, I hope I go first. [audience laughing] [audience cheering] Love is I guess. If you re sure you re not in love, that s not what love is. Think about the people in your life that knew they were in love. Think about those people. I fucking love her. Hundred percent know it. I knew it as soon as I saw her. You can t convince me otherwise. She s so easy to be around. She s basically me. Right? And then a year later you re like, How is she?  Oh, that bitch was crazy. [audience laughing] ‘Cause that s not love. That s The Notebook. That s Jerry Mc-fucking-Guire, okay? And those movies ended early. They were two hours, not 40 fucking years. You know I m right. That s why you re laughing. ‘Cause you ve been in love or are now, and know that love is up and down. And up and down and up and down and down more and down and up a little bit, but then down, down, down. Down, down, not up, down, down, down. And you re both stuck down there and like, At least we have each other. That s what love is. And then you meet other couples down there and you, like, do dinners with them or some shit. Fuck those dinners. A lot of you guys are probably on those dinners right now. [audience laughing] A lot of you guy… Look, sometimes people think what I m saying is negative because I m saying love is shitty. But that s not negative that love is shitty. You know why? ‘Cause love is shitty because it fucking has to be. You know why? Because it s awesome, too. That s how everything in life is. Everything that s good is equally that bad. That s yin and yang of life. Take anything you like. It s equally that bad. Kit Kats. You love Kit Kats, right? Eat them up. Oh, man, I love these Kit Kats. Oh, they re so chocolatey. Break me off another one. I love these Kit Kats. Why are they so good? They are, until: [Mimics trumpeting sound] That s the bad part. That s the bad part. You re sitting on the toilet, thinking: Oh, man, I can t ever eat any more Kit Kats ever again. It s the same thing as love. Chipotle, Chipotle, Chipotle. Love, love, love. Love is Chipotle. Dude, this isn t even a comedy show. It s a fucking TED Talk, okay? [audience laughing] [audience cheering] Oh, fuck it. Love is shitty. And that s okay. Sometimes if… If you re with somebody, you go to sleep shitty and wake up shitty. And by the way, you sleep shitty, too. Sometimes. If you don t wake up every two hours and think something like did this bitch turn off the humidifier? that s not love. And then you wake up with chapped lips and blame each other. That s love. You re like, Yo, did you turn this shit off? What the fuck? You did… My… Side of my mouth is cracking now… when I open it like that. The bad side. What the fuck? You didn t turn it off. You didn t turn it off. Who came in here? Humidifier fairy came and did that shit? My mommy came over at 2:30 in the morning and did that? [audience laughing] That s what love is. Know what love is? If I could distill love down into one moment, this right here would be the moment of love right here. fucking move. [audience laughing] Move over. Look at the other side of the bed. Look at that area. Look at that… Stop gazing into my fucking eyes for two seconds and look at the other area. And then look at this zero area I ve got over here. Look at that vast area. They shot Mad Max on the other side of you. Tom Hardy s over there on the front of a vehicle like: [Groans] And I m over here with my leg and my dick flopped off the bed. Explain that. Explain why my dick is flopped off the bed. They shot Mad Max and Dances With Wolves on the other side of you. Kevin Costner s over there with a water buffalo just like: [Speaking in Lakota] He s saying that. [audience laughing] Every time you turn, you take the covers. You know that? Every time you turn, you take it. You take it. I m there and you re sleeping, but you re dreaming. ‘Fuck him. He doesn t deserve them. And you take it and you take it and you take it. And you do a billion revolutions a night. You take it, you take it. And when you come back, you leave it. You take it and then leave it over there. You take it and then leave it. You re like a shitty fucking typewriter. You re a typewriting-ass bitch. And I m over here with no covers. A frigid, freezing cold dick and my mouth is bleeding. Thank you, bitch. [audience laughing] [audience cheering] [laughs] That s what love is. Know what love is? This is what love is. When you re on an airplane with your girl or whoever and they re next to you and you have a thought like: Does she really think that the armrest is for her? fucking come on. It s my turn a little bit sometimes. Fuck. Come on. You know what? Put your fucking head against the side of the plane. I gave you the window seat for a reason. Use it. Well, I m trying to be fucking chivalrous. God. [audience laughing] Time to kick back and relax. Right? You re freezing, but she s got your hoodie balled up, using it as a pillow. And you gotta be happy about it. You re like, [chattering] Ah, I hope you re comfortable. And you re, like, going to visit her family in, like, Dallas or some shit and then she was like, Do you wanna go because you wanna go… or do you wanna go because you know that I want you to go? [audience laughing] You know what? You re asking me to lie to you. I wanna go cause I wanna go. How s that? Yeah. I don t even care if you re going at this point. I am. Uh-huh. Can we stay with your grandma? And is she 93 years old? Can I not understand a word coming out of her mouth? And does she only wear nightgowns even at 3 p.m.? And are her bathrooms weird as shit? [gasps] Sign me up. – Aw. [Chuckles] [audience cheering] Dude, bro, I ll get so mad on the plane. Like… And I ll fucking… I ll make myself hot. I ll turn on the a… Fuck that air, the little air-conditioning, the… The little bitch-ass air. Make a bigger vent. Make a bigger vent. It s a hole. Use less material. You re using more material to be a big fucking dickhead on purpose. Make a little… Gotta turn it on. It s like a fucking titty. You know what I mean? You turn it on. It s not even cool air. It s just loud air. You turn it on and it s, like [hissing] fucking rocketed in my eye. Four thousand miles, please. Just in this circumferenced area. Just in this area. This is where I m hot, actually. Right here, I m freezing already, okay? But here, I m tropical. fucking dry out my contact lens, please. When I get to the Dallas airport, I wanna walk around like this. That s how I wanna walk around. I want people to think they see Fetty Wap in baggage claim. That s what I want. That s what love is. Walking around the Dallas airport with three bags and one good eye. And she s skipping in front of you with no bags and two eyes. And you told her to pack one bag. And you packed one bag, but somehow you re holding three! [audience laughing] That s not what the man on fire does. [audience laughing] Whatever. So, you know. I asked her to marry me. [Laughs] [audience laughing] I mean, I didn t mean to… Well, I meant to. I meant to… I meant… I meant to say the words, you know? But… I don t know, now that I have some retrospect on it, it s ten years later, I think the reason why I did it is because I thought it was the right thing to do, you know? It was an idea that I had, right? Like, my parents are still married. Now, even. They re my role models, right? But I didn t mean it when I said it from… Didn t mean it from the bottom of my heart, right? When you ask somebody to marry you, you gotta fucking mean that shit. You gotta hunker down and just fucking, you know… [chuckles] Hey. Right? Just want you to know… life can be crazy sometimes. But you, you make sense of it all. Or whatever. Whatever Creed song you wanna rip off, you know? But… [audience laughing] I didn t ask from the bottom of my heart, you know? I didn t. I just not… I said it with my mouth. [Chuckles] Can t do that. You can t ask somebody to marry you from your fucking mouth. Just fire it out there like, Meh. You wanna get married? – You know what I mean? [audience laughing] Not like ordering a bagel. You can order a bagel from your mouth. Doesn t matter, right? You can just be like, Meh, what bagels you got, sir? It doesn t matter if I don t like it. I ll just order another one. That s not what marriage is, right? To further my point, don t order a bagel from the bottom of your heart. That d be very weird. Different feelings, different situations. Right? Like, if you walked into a bagel place and you were, like, fucking, Hey. [Chuckles] Excuse me, bagel guy. I want you to… [chuckles] I want you to know your bagels are my everything. So, can I have an everything bagel? Right? Corny, that s my whole point. [audience cheering] So, we did it. We got married and I… But I didn t… I didn t real… I don t know. I knew something was up. I didn t know I didn t wanna be married, but something was up. I was too young to realize my own emotions. Like, I was frustrated, right? Like, I was… I d take it out on wrong things cause I didn t know myself. Like, I d be eating a sandwich and be like, Know what? Fuck turkey. Or some shit. She d be, What s wrong? I d be like, You don t know me! I was becoming a dick. Here s how I knew I didn t wanna be married. This kept happening. Didn t realize then, but I realize now, all right? It s very symbolic. You know when you live with someone and walk into a room and they re in the room and it ends up scaring the shit out of you, right? Though it s the one thing that should be in that room, cause it s their room, too, you re not thinking, you re doing something else. You walk in and it scares you. That kept happening, okay? I kept walking in different rooms she would be in and getting the shit scared out of me. I d walk in and be like, What the fuck? Whoa, where did you come from? How did you get here? She d be like, I fucking live here. You re like, I know. I get scared because deep down… Deep down I don t want you here. Deep down I don t want you here. Whatever. Mistakes are scarier than monsters. [audience laughing] [laughing] That s the other thing, right? Don t wanna let yourself get scared. Not as a young man, right? Like, not in your 20s. Don t wanna… You wanna be the man, right? Like, for instance, if somebody scares your friend and they go, Boo. And he goes: [Gasps, then shouts] That dude s a bitch, right? Like, he s not gonna be in your army. I mean, you don t have an army, but if you did, and some shit went down, you d give him the flute. And he d be the bitch ass in the back… just: Don t shoot me. It s not… I m just here for morale. Right? [mimics bullet whizzing] That s not fair. [mimics bullets whizzing] That s against the rules. Shoot the guys with the guns. On the other hand, if you scare your friend and you re like: Boo. And he s like, Come on, motherfucker, let s do this. Give him a gun. He should be out there guarding the flute bitches, right? I didn t wanna be a flute bitch. Not in front of my girl. There s no fucking way I was that secure in myself. There s no way. So, I d walk in and I d get scared she was in the room. But I couldn t let her see that. So, I d immediately cover it up and just get mad at her for even being in the room. I d walk in and just, Hey. Ow. What the fuck are you doing? Look at the way you re sitting with knees up. You a gargoyle? Fuck off. [audience laughing] So… now I m 36. It s ten years later. I m a man. Can t fucking do something cause I think it s the right thing to do or it s… It s what I should do. Gotta do something so I… ‘Cause it s me. I m exactly that guy in that picture I saw. Thirty-six-year-old fucking… A man, right? But I vowed recently not to pretend anymore because of that. Like… And I ve been good at it. I took a stand recently. Here s something I don t wanna pretend to do anymore. A lot don t agree, but I don t wanna pretend to wanna go to your party anymore. I don t wanna go, okay? I ve been to so many parties, had fun zero times, all right? Don t wanna go anywhere where I m in a conversation and I catch myself going like this: Ah. I don t wanna go. [audience laughing] People are boring as shit at parties. They ll just say shit that they think is interesting, not giving a shit about you. I was at a party once and this guy looked me in the eyes and says this: Hey, do you know anything about front lawns? [audience laughing] ‘Cause I was thinking about redoing my front lawn, you know? Might just redo the whole thing. Ah. I m gonna rip my dick off in the corner. Yeah. No, it ll hurt, but at least I ll have to deal with something else immediately, right? Hey, I d love to sit and chat about your fucking lawn, but… gotta deal with this dick situation. It s off. [chuckles] [audience laughing] I don t wanna go to your party. I don t wanna pretend to wanna go. Here s something I definitely don t wanna pretend I wanna do. I don t wanna pretend to wanna go to your fucking birthday party. No. I don t care. What did you turn, 28? Bye. Do it by yourself. Don t care. I m Jehovah s Witness from now on. For real. I m not celebrating. If you re 9, have a birthday party. That s okay. But if you re 10, get a job immediately. That s what I think. You go to work. And you don t want to. That s the world I wanna live in. That s… Where 10-year-olds have to go to work. I wanna see them fucking just like, Hey, guys. Sorry, I m late for work. Like… I only got… Sorry, I only got this many hours of sleep last night. [audience laughing] Hey, guys. First order of business. [chuckles] First order of business. Need to get these products to upper management, pronto. Hello, Stacy, can you please bring in my Capri Sun? It s going to be a long one. [audience laughing] And can you put the straw in the back, please? I never know how to do that. Hey, guys. Before we get started… where is the employee bathroom? I got to go caca now. If you re 9, have a birthday party. That s your last one. Okay? My buddy came up to me this year and he goes like this. First of all, he s 42, okay? Forty-two. As in, almost dead. Okay? And he comes up to me and he goes like this, Hey, man. Guess what. First of all, don t do guess what to me, okay? I m 36. It s not cute anymore. What am I supposed to be like? Oh, ah! No, don t give me any hints. I wanna figure it out myself. It could be anything. If you do guess what, from now on this is my guess. Purple? That s what it is. If it s not purple, fucking tell me immediately. Save time. We re both adults. Okay? The guy goes like this, Uh, no, not purple. Um… I m turning 42 soon. You gonna come to my birthday party? In my heart I m already like, Fuck this guy for even asking, all right? But in my head, as I m trying to mull a polite way to decline the invitation, I realize I m already going like this in the guy s face, No. Right in his face. No… It felt good. It felt like the real me was coming out. It felt freeing like, No. It felt like I sang it, for real, right in his… ? [singing] No, I won t go ? It felt like No: The Musical was about to start. ? I am not going ? People in the back: ? He won t go He won t go ? ? He won t go ? ? I m not going ? Hey, Chris, you going to his party?  No.  Parties ain t for me no more. [scatting] ? Maybe in my 20s ? Some girl in a spotlight alone just like, ? I wish he d come ? [sighs] ? Meet me somewhere else ? Meet… [chuckles] ? Meet me somewhere else ? I love when they hit the same note twice at the end. ? Meet me somewhere… ? [chuckles] ? Else ? That s such a fuck you, you know? It really is. You want that extra high note. But some motherfuckers don t give that shit to you. You know what you want. ? Meet me somewhere el… ? That s what you want, right? But some dudes are like, ? Meet me somewhere el… ? And they re like, Fuck you. You don t get that last note. The balls you ve gotta do to do that shit. [laughing] I don t wanna go to your party, dude. What the fuck? Birthday party? Come on. I gotta get you a gift? Why? What happened? What? Nothing. You just waited. That s all that happened. You didn t die. And I gotta, like, buy you a VCR or some shit? That s what I get everybody every year from now on. You re getting a fucking VCR if you invite me. Yeah, did you want that, motherfucker? I bet you did at one point. Ah, man. Fuck it. That s another thing I don t wanna pretend to have to do, is… Is like the gift that you got me on my birthday. Right? If you came to my party and you gave me a gift that I didn t like, know me better, friend. That s your fault, right? ‘Cause that s about the other person. Gotta make sure they feel okay about the gift they got, right? You gotta open it up like, What? No way. How did you know I wanted this specific thing even though I never said it out loud, even when I was alone? And also, I don t. [audience laughing] Thought about no-gift thing cause here s what happened when I turned 35, okay? My buddy bought me the gayest gift you could buy another heterosexual male. You know what he bought me? He bought me pants. Yeah. [audience laughing] Think about this. How could you be a grown man and buy another grown man pants without seeming like you suck all the dicks, okay? Here s the gay part. They fit fantastic. [audience laughing] I don t even know how he knew my size. I don t even know my own size. I always have to try pants on. This dude literally eyeballed my hips. And he was like, Looks like a 33. And he fucking nailed it, okay? That s gay. It s gay. And by the way, that s what I mean. I mean, it s gay. I mean, it s gay, all right? Saying it twice cause I wanna clarify. I want you guys to know that I mean it, okay? ‘Cause people get real sensitive when you use that term. Right? They ll be like, You know what? That s not cool to use that word in a derogatory manner. Yeah, I 100 percent agree with you. I don t mean it in a derogatory way. I mean, it s gay like fucking a guy, okay? [audience laughing] Buying your friends pants that fit is gay like fucking a guy. And that s okay. Fuck guys all day long, yippee. But it s gay like that, okay? It s so gay, I think. [audience cheering] I actually think it s gayer than fucking a guy. I do. I do. I think buying your friend s pants that fit and wrapping them and waiting to give it to him is way gayer than just fucking him. I think that. I a hundred percent made up my mind. I ve thought about this a lot, obviously. You can t convince me otherwise. You know why it s gayer to buy your friend s pants that fit than it is to fuck him? Because fucking a guy is easy. That s why it s less gay. It s so easy. I mean, you could fuck a guy even if you re not gay. Relax. You don t have to, but… you could, right? Like, you can t build a restaurant if you re not a fucking architect, right? Like, here, look, let me explain. Um… If I held a gun to your head… Don t need a skill set is what I m saying. You don t need a skill set to fuck a guy, right? If I held a gun to your head and I said, fucking, are you an architect? And… [audience laughing] Okay, wait. And you were like, No, right? And I was like, Well, you better build me a restaurant or I m gonna blow your fucking brains out. You d have to be like, Tell my family I love them. [audience laughing] But if I held that same gun to your head and I said, Are you gay? And you were like, No. And I said, Well, you better fuck a guy or I m gonna blow your fucking brains out. You d be like, Where is he? [audience laughing] That s how easy it is. That s how easy… That s why it s less gay in my head. Like, fuck… But, dude, buying a friend s pants that fit and wrapping them… and knowing the size, that s not easy. That s difficult. That takes time. Gay time, okay? It s a gay adventure. It s a gay fucking errand. There s levels of gayness to it. Like, look. Look, okay, I m not gay, all right? Never had sex with a guy even once. [chuckles] Sounds funny to say it like that. Still means the same thing. But… [laughing] However, sometimes I m so tired and so lazy that if somebody came up to me and they were like: Hey, man… do you wanna buy your friend s pants that fit and wrap them and give them to him at his party for his birthday… or… [audience laughing] Do you wanna just, like, fuck this guy right here? I might be like: [Grumbles] I mean, he s right here. I don t have to go to the car for that. It s so easy and that s why it s less gay. Dude, it s so easy to fuck a guy. Could practically fuck a guy by mistake. That s how… Not practically. You actually could. It s very unlikely, don t worry. But… I don t mean the mistake where you re, Sorry, I thought it was a woman. I mean, like, literally a mistake like… How? Okay, here s how. Um… All right, so… if you were to walk into a room with your hard dick already out, okay? So far, every dude s on board, right? Uh… [chuckles] And… And in the room, the floor is really slippery, okay? [chuckles] And on the floor there s one dude face down… and he s just spreading his asshole. Even if you slip, you ll probably catch yourself. You ll be like, Whoa, that was a close one. But there s a chance you could fall the other way and be like, What? No. [shouts] Boink. Whoopsie. You fucked him by mistake, okay? But there is no way in hell that you can slip and fall and buy your friend s pants that fit. [audience laughing] No matter how wet Macy s is, it just can t happen. It s impossible. It won t happen. [audience cheering] You can t. You can t be like, Whoa, hey, wait a minute. Those are cool pants. Do you have them in a size 33? Oh, I ll take them. Thanks. Hopefully I slip all the way over to your Gift Wrapping Department. So, the pants fit good, you know? And, uh… But here s what happened. So, my buddy called me, uh… who bought me the pants, he called me two weeks after. And he called me up and was like, Hey, man, wanna get a cup of coffee? And I was like, Fuck, yeah, I ll drink that shit right now, player. I m a G about my coffee. I don t give a fuck, man. [Chuckles] Put your fucking caffeine where your mouth is, coz. [audience laughing] So, I went to go meet him for coffee, right? And as soon as I hung up the phone, I left my house. As soon as I got to my own door, I realized I wasn t… I wasn t wearing the pants that he got me, okay? I didn t want the first time for him to see me since he got me the pants to show up and not be wearing the pants, right? ‘Cause then he would spot me and be like, Hey, what s up? Aw. And then that made me be like: [Groans] So, I changed pants. I literally put on a cuter outfit to meet a dude, okay? That s gay as shit. So… Now I got the pants on and, um, I show up to the coffee shop and I see him and he sees me and he goes like this, Hey, what s up? Oh! And that made me go: [Shouts] Fuck this asshole. He s controlling my life with pants. It s pants control. So, now I m uncomfortable. I m like, Let s just get this over with, right? So, we get the coffee, uh, we walk out to the patio. I m with the dude who bought me the pants. I m wearing the pants. We re having a conversation, coffee. And as we re doing this, a girl walks out of the coffee shop and she spots me and she actually says: You know what? Those are some really cool pants. I m like, Oh, cool. At least I get to talk to a girl about it, right? My buddy leans in and says, You know, I bought them for him. [audience laughing] That s way gayer than just fucking him. That s what happens when you pretend. That s what happens. Right? You get in a situation you re not prepared to deal with cause you re not being you. That s what I did. When he bought me pants and I opened them, I should ve said how I felt. I should ve been like, How did you know my size, you fucking weirdo? [audience laughing] Instead I was like, Oh, cool pants. I ll wear them next time I see you. I played the game and then the game played me. [audience laughing] Yup. But it s hard, though, it is. It s hard to not pretend. It s hard to know who you are in any given situation and not pretend ever, right? Like, we all do it. We all pretend in moments. We all think we matter more than we actually do. Right? We all think we re special, but we re not. Right? You know the worst people nowadays that think they matter more than they actually matter, hands-down? People that work out and won t shut the fuck up about it. I cannot stand that shit. Bang, bang, bang, click, click. Reload. Bang, bang, bang, I can t stand it. Work out, go home. You don t matter that much, okay? All this inspirational culture that s going around, this fitspo lifestyle that they re trying to convince you of. Who are you inspiring? That s what I want to know. Right? These dudes will be like, You know what? I used to weigh 90 pounds , but now, through hard work, determination, perseverance, never backing down, not stopping, remaining focused, never veering off track, not looking over my shoulder, never dying, no days off, now, I got bigger muscles. Okay. You know what? Eat dicks. Okay? [audience cheering] Eat all the dicks you see around. If you re like that, if you see a dick, you eat that shit. [mimics chewing sounds] Like that. Like a log trimmer, just: [Grunting] With dick chips spinning out of your mouth: [Grunting] Throw a dick up and just [grunts] swallow it whole. Where there s a dick outline in your neck, muscle it down. That s your new workout, okay? Eat dicks, of course. Like, you re not really doing much, okay? Who the fuck are you inspiring? You re not running for political office. You re not joining the Army. All you do is move weight around and eat extra chicken, right? [audience laughing] You like protein? Cool. There s protein in my dick. Eat it. [audience laughing] You work hard? Congratu-the fuck-lations. I work hard, too. I don t hashtag it blessed all day long. Eat my dick. These guys are so self-involved. It s so fucking annoying. They re ridiculous. They ll take a selfie in the mirror and be like: Keep your friends close and your enemies closer. [audience laughing] No. Not really, man. You know why? You re not a warrior. That s why. Okay? You just, like, have a job at the movie theater or some shit. Keep your friends real close. See movies with them. It works out fine. You don t rule the nation. [laughing] fucking, they re ridiculous, these guys. They re just ridiculous. You know, I… Well, I ve… Hey. Just so you know… life is a journey, okay? It s not about the destination. It s about the tools you use… and the path you take. [audience laughing] Oh, really? I didn t know I was dealing with the Dalai fucking Lama, dude. You know, don t be afraid to… [laughing] Don t ever be afraid to reach your dreams. Oh, cool, man. Don t ever fucking be afraid to make your dreams a reality… and succeed, you know? I used to be a shell of a man, but now… Now I know exactly what s inside that shell. [audience laughing] All equal parts that make me me. Don t ever be afraid of being you. You know what my favorite one is? Just be you. Everyone else is taken. Fuck that shit. [audience cheering] Hard work, determination, perseverance, never backing down, not stopping, remaining focused, never quitting, fighting the desire, but also following the desire, never looking over your shoulder, fucking, army of one, no days off. Rome wasn t built in a day. Buildings, robots, carpet, iPa… You re just saying words, okay? You like words? Here s more. Eat my dick. There s three. [audience laughing] [audience cheering] [chuckling] Like, who the fuck are you inspiring? That s what I wanna know. I wanna… That s what I wanna know. I wanna know what guy sees that guy… and then gets inspired. Right? Like, what guy sees a poster with, like, a whale s tail breaching out of the ocean and the word perseverance under it? – Hmm. [audience laughing] Let s think hard about that. What guy sees a bunch of birds lined up on a tree branch and thinks teamwork ? [audience laughing] Like, what guy scrolls through that Instagram post and is like: [Chuckles] Whoa. You ever think about that? You ever think about perseverance? You ever think about that? You ever think about taking no days off? You ever think about how you could do more if you didn t take any days off? Ever think about how you re an army of 1? ‘Cause you re not more than other people? You ever think about how Rome wasn t built in a day? You ever think about maybe it took a few days to build Rome? Nobody. You re not… You re not inspiring anybody. You know why? You know how I know? ‘Cause never in the history of man has any dude looked at another guy s fit body and been like: Wow, that guy s in shape. I m gonna create Microsoft. That s never fucking happened, okay? So, eat dicks. See, that s what happens. That s what happens when you lie to kids. That s what happens. When you look at kids and you say: You can do anything you put your mind to. You get the motherfucker that grows up and believes that. He s like, fucking time to change the world. Here we go. Ta, ta, ta, ta, ta, ta. Let s cure world hunger. Let s try to cure world hunger. Here we go. [grunting] Less people hungry yet? [audience laughing] Don t lie to kids. Right? I mean, I don t know. That s how I feel, though. Fuck that. I don t have any kids yet, but when I have my first kid and that dude comes out, no way I m saying, You can do anything you put your mind to. No way. Gonna look him in the eyes. First thing I say is: You re gonna fail a lot. Aah! And run away. Life s full of hardships, buddy. [chuckles] Your first hardship is try and find me. Pyoom! And just fucking… [audience laughing] [chuckles] fucking, pyoom, so fast that papers are floating to the ground like in the cartoons. I arrive at my next destination like: [Mimics vibration sounds] [laughing] [mimics sad muted trumpet sounds] What do I know? I m saying don t lie to kids. I have zero kids. I have zero boys, zero girls. That equals zero. I ve been thinking about it, why I don t have kids… you know, yet. And I think, really, honestly, the answer is if I m being honest like I said I would, I wouldn t pretend, and… But more importantly, if I m being honest and not pretending the reason why I don t have kids yet is because I m scared, but more importantly, it s because I m selfish, man. For real. Like, I mean, but that s the thing. You could be who you want when you don t have kids. It doesn t matter that much, right? Like, if you have a kid looking up at you that… As a role model, you gotta fucking take charge and do shit, right? But I don t have to. Like, a lot of you guys fucking have kids at home, right? And you left them. You were like, Bye, guys. We ll be back later, you know? And they were like, Okay, can t wait to see you when you get back. Right? You re thinking about them when you re laughing. You re like: Ha, ha. In your head you re like, I have a kid, you know? That doesn t leave you. For me, I m selfish as shit. I leave the house, I don t fucking have to tell anybody. Sometimes I pretend. I m like, Bye, guys, see you later. Ha, ha. You don t exist. I leave. [audience laughing] Having kids changes who you are. It doesn t mean it changes who you are for the worse. It changes who you are for the better. But still, fuck that shit. I don t wanna be better. I wanna be me. You can do… Be whatever you want. In my heart, honestly, I m fucking cold sometimes, and it s okay. Bad mood? I don t have to watch myself cause I don t have a kid looking up at me, right? It doesn t matter. I could be looking at the guy at the gym. You don t matter that much. And fucking, no, I won t come to your 42nd birthday party. In my heart, I m gangster as shit sometimes. Sometimes I look outside of my house in my neighborhood and I think, in this voice: You know what? The streets is real out here. And I know it to be true in my heart, okay? If I had a little kid looking up at me every single day, that would change who I was. Just like, Hey, Dad, what are we going to do today?  Yo, man, why you looking at me with them angel eyes, player? Trying to keep the streets real. And you re softening a motherfucker up, dawg. Fuck y all, man. Making me emotional. Go to your room, player. Now. fucking hard as shit up in this bitch. Having kids changes who you are, for the better. Fuck it. It happened to my buddy. He used to be my best friend. Now he s a dad. That s how selfish I am. I can t even have a best friend dad. I can t. I get jealous of the kid for real. I ll be like, You ve known me for nine years. She s 4. How do you explain your loyalty? [audience laughing] He ll be, I took her to the park. I ll be, You never took me to the park.  I would… I would have driven you, so… It s interesting. It s really interesting. Really. I m not mad, I just… I m interested. I m not mad. Yeah, man, he had this fucking little girl. This little daughter girl. This little fucking… She s 4 years old. They live in Texas, so, I haven t met them yet. Right? Met them recently, but not when he called me up cause he… I live in L.A. He called me and was like, Hey, enough s enough. I want you to meet my baby girl. She s 4 already and… We re coming out to L.A. Are there hotels we could stay at? And I just spoke immediately. I said, No, stay at the house. I didn t even mean it. I just said it cause, like, I heard my dad say it once growing up, you know? You re like, I m an adult now. I even heard my dad s East Coast accent come out. I was like, [in Italian accent] Yeah, guys, come on over. [in normal voice] It was like a fucking Olive Garden commercial or something. [in Italian accent] Yeah, when you re here, you re family. Come on over. There s unlimited breadsticks at the house. [in normal voice] And they came over and that fucking… That… I mean, that little girl was directly trying to affect how real I keep it on these streets, you know? She was looking at me all cute and soft and shit. First of all, her name is Anika, which is like, that s so cute. Fuck that, right? I m like, How am I supposed to keep it real and call this girl Anika? Fuck that. I m gonna call her Rachel. That s a regular-ass name. [audience laughing] But you can t call a 4-year-old girl a different name. That would fuck her up for life. Imagine her talking to her dad later on just like, Hey, Dad, excuse me. I have a question for you. Hey, Dad, excuse me. Can I talk to you for a second? Hey, Dad, can I talk to you for a second? Hey, Dad, how come your friend that looks like the guy from Sleepy Hollow, why does he…? [audience laughing] Dad, excuse me. Can I talk to you for a second? Hey, Dad. Why do little girls grab their pussies from behind? That s so weird. Don t go weird like I made them do it. That was Jesus Christ our Lord and savior that made them do that, okay? If he did anything, he did everything, including that, all right? He did it, like, on the eighth day or some shit. And on the eighth day, little girls will grab their pussies from behind. And even… And even the disciples were like, Whoa, already? Like, we can do that later. He was like, It s what I thought of now. No order. We ll get them all done. And then he made lakes or whatever. Hey, Dad. Excuse me, Dad. I have a question for you. Hey, Dad. Can t you see I have a question for you? Can I talk to you for a second? Can you be done with that right now? Hey, Dad. How come your friend that looks like a cool, young Bob Saget, why does he…? And he knows it. Why does he…? And he hates when people say that on Twitter. Why does he…? [audience laughing] Why does he call me Rachel? My name is Anika. Am I Rachel, too? I want to buy a bunny and then kill it. [audience laughing] Anika loves bunnies, but Rachel doesn t. You know what I mean? That s how that probably happens. [audience laughing] [audience member whistles] So… [chuckles] Thank you. So, now I gotta call this girl Anika against my better gangster judgment. They showed up, man. They showed up and stayed with me. ‘Cause I invited them. That s how that works. And they showed up. And when they showed up, uh, my buddy, or Ryan, the dad, my ex-best friend, he walked in first. And this is how. He walked into my property and he s walking in like thi… This is just how he walks in. He goes like this: Hey, man. [audience laughing] I m like, What the fuck? Is a magic show about to start? I have no idea what s going on, right? But then I realize very quickly that he s doing it like that cause little Anika is hiding behind his leg and he s playing the dad part and he asks… He s asking me… He asks me, he says, Hey, man. By the way, have you seen Anika? [audience laughing] And I m like, This motherfucker. Are you serious right now? You and I both know where that bitch is. Come on, dawg. I m trying to keep this shit real, man. Don t make me eat your bullshit dad life. Fuck y all, man. Didn t give a shit how real I tried to keep it. He just tried to out-dad my realness. He just did it harder. He was like, fucking, come on. [audience laughing] And I m stuck. I m like, Fuck, man. Come on, dawg. This your life, motherfucker. I ve been looking around for her all day, dawg. [audience laughing] That s when she goes like this: Here I am. I m like, I knew where you were, bitch! You re not… You re holding on to his leg. I can see your little fucking baby hands. Disrespecting the hiding game on my property. I m back to pretending. I m pretending again. Thirty-six, pretending I don t know where this little girl is. I m okay with calling her Anika, right? They stay with me for a week. You know how shit in life shapes you and it changes you and makes you who you are, right? When you re a kid, you get a bunch of… When you re Anika s age, you got a bunch of moments that shape you and make you who you are. When you re an adult, don t happen much cause you are who you are. But they do happen, right? Maybe I ve had four or five in my adult life. I had one while they were staying with me at the end that fucked me up, all right? It was where… It made me realize that, you know, I m not Denzel and I m not the man on fire. Life isn t my movie and maybe that s okay, all right? So, here s what happened. I was, uh… I was on my couch watching my TV in my TV room in my house. I was watching this show I like to watch, which is The First 48, okay? If you haven t seen the show, it s graphic. It, like, shows dead bodies and families crying over loss of loved ones. And it s confirming in my heart, you know what? The streets must be real out there. I knew that shit all along, player. So, I m watching the show and I m watching the show cause it s what the fuck I wanna do, okay? Now, as I m watching it, little Anika walks down the stairs, all right? Now, as I see her, my adult brain kicks in. The same brain that invited them over, all right? I was like, You gotta change the channel. You can t let her eyes see this because she ll grow up and kill bunnies, right? So… I was like, Good idea. You gotta change the channel. So, I went to grab the remote. As soon as I grabbed the remote, my gangster side kicked in and I thought, You fucking mark-ass bitch. You going to let this ho run your life? Fuck that, man. You re too real for this shit. She s gonna change you just like she did her father before you. So, then I was like, All right, I guess she gonna learn about life tonight. So, I m watching this show, doing what the fuck I wanna do and little Anika s gotta do it, too, cause it s what I wanna do, all right? Now, about 20 seconds goes by and I realize that, you know, she doesn t really care what s going on cause there s no cartoons, right? So, I feel her kind of give up. And she looks over at me and she goes like this: Hey, Chris. I m like, Fuck, I didn t know there was gonna be dialogue in this shit. So, I turned over, I said, Yeah, what the fuck you want? [audience laughing] That s how I sound in my head. I probably said something like, Yes, sweetheart, how can I help you? [chuckles] So, she looks at me and goes like this, Well, um, I was wondering something. Like, Yeah, get on with that shit. She goes like this, Well. [exhales sharply] She did that quick breath thing that kids do. I don t know why they do that, but like, Hey. [Exhales sharply] Sorry. I don t know how to do all of the stuffs yet. I m not in control of my faculties total at this point. So, she looks at me and this is what she says. She says, Well, I was wondering, um… do you want to see a secret garden? [audience laughing] At this point, my adult brain and my gangster are confused as shit, okay? I looked at her, I said, Yo, what? She repeated herself like I was the fucking asshole in this conversation. She said, I said… do you want to see a secret garden? And, you know, I mean, like, yeah, kind of, you know? Probably not a secret garden she s gonna show, but on the off chance she s right, what is it like, right? Are there dragons there, flowers with dicks on them? Whatever there are, I wanna Facebook about it, okay? So, I m curious now. So, I grab the remote and I pause my show. And I look at her and I say, Okay, show me the secret garden. And she got so fucking excited. She goes like this, Okay. Come on, follow me. And she starts walking around like this, like some shitty underwater explorer, okay? And I follow her. I catch myself doing the same fucking thing. I m walking around my own house like, hey, anything could pop up around any one of these corners. No, it can t. It s my house. I put everything in it, okay? So, now, she leads me through the kitchen twice. Okay? Yeah, and I m like, Yo, does she know where the secret garden is or what? So, I casually mention to her, I was like, You know, uh… [chuckles] We went through the kitchen two times. So, like, what s the deal with that? You know where this shit is or what? Again, like I m the asshole she responded. She says, I know that, okay? We had to do that cause that s how you open up the portal to get there. I have no idea. I m like, You just take the wheel. No idea what s going on. I mentioned… I was like, Is there maybe a quicker way to go because my show s still on. And she goes like this, Okay, come on, let s take the shortcut. I didn t say it, but I definitely thought, next time start with the fucking shortcut. So, she leads me outside to my backyard and she goes like this, Here it is.  No, no. This isn t a secret at all. I ve known about this place since I bought it. It s my own backyard. I ve had it for three years. My dogs shit here. They know about it, too. I thought she was gonna change who I was. Instead, I checked into my gangster heart. I looked in her eyes and I thought, Just another lying-ass bitch. [audience laughing] I ve been down this road before. Betrayal is a motherfucker. That s how you got so real in the first place, dawg. So, I looked at her and I went, fucking peace. And I pivoted and I walked back to my house. I took about three or four steps and that s when I heard, Hey, Chris. I m like, Oh, shit. She got more heat for that ass, huh? Fuck that. She ain t changing nothing. You re still real as fuck. See what the hell she want. So, I turn around and say, Yeah? What the fuck you want now? And this time she s pointing and she says, Hey, look, there s an orange tree. And I looked and there was an orange tree. I have an orange tree. I didn t know that, okay? [audience laughing] That s a secret, but still, fuck her. She didn t know, right? I was surprised. I was like, Shit. How you…? Oh, my God, you brought this like you brought this shit with you. But I played it cool. I was like, All right, yeah. Thanks for showing me that shit that I 100 percent already knew that I definitely without a doubt already had. Peace. So, I took a few steps back to my house. And that s when I heard in the background, Hey, Chris.  Like, she really trying to change a motherfucker. Fuck that. She ain t changing nothing. You… Well, you do now have an orange tree that you didn t know about. But that don t change who you are on the inside. Now, basically, you re still the same you. Only you can enjoy a delicious orange whenever you so choose. Yeah, player. Good logic. See what the fuck she want now. So, I turn around real as fuck and I say, Yeah? What the fuck you want now? She s still pointing, not wavering at all, being a kid, and she says, Well, um, do you want to pick one? And I m like, Man, I don t give a fuck about this whole situation , but… I am taller than you and… logistically, it does make sense. So, I grabbed the orange like a boss and I handed it to her. And in my head I thought, Don t ever say I never did nothing for you. A favor for a favor. That s the code of the streets. You hear me? One day, and it may not be tomorrow, I may come knocking on your door and ask you for, like, a banana or some shit. Anyway… bye. I pivot. I take a few steps back to my house. And that s when I hear in the background again, Hey, Chris. Like, She really sinking her hooks in, man. Fuck that. You re real. Take them hooks out. Show her what s up. So, I turned around and said, Yeah, what the fuck you want now? She s still standing there, not wavering at all. Not caring how real I m trying to keep it, just being a kid. And she says, Well, um, do you want to pick one for yourself? [audience] Aw. No, don t go aw, fuck this bitch. She s changing you and she s not even really here right now. Know how hard it was to keep streets real while looking at her fucking angel eyes? But I did want one. I mean, they looked so fucking good. [audience laughing] So, I was like, Man, you know what? Let s strike a deal, man. You could eat that shit and pick that orange as long as you do it while you re keeping it real and you eat it while you re watching The First 48. Yeah, player. Good logic. So, I grabbed it. And she was being so cute that, like, she was really starting to make me fucking emotional. I went… I went, Bye. I barely looked at her. I went, Okay, bye. And I pivoted and I walked back quickly. As soon as I touched the doorknob of my door, I hear in the background: Hey, Chris. And I m running on empty. I got no gas left in the tank. I take my last breath, I turn around and I say: Yeah, what the fuck you want now? And she knew she had me. She was even cuter at this point. She was smaller, her eyes got bigger. Someone did her hair in the meantime. And she looks at me, no bullshit, and she actually says: Well, I was wondering, um, do you want to come to my birthday party? [audience laughing] [audience cheering] [???] ? Fire Man ? ? Fire ? ? Fire ? ? Fire ? ? Fire ? Yo, is this off or what? It is, right? Whoa, you ve got to fix this shit. [woman] Sorry. Sorry. Are we good? – What? [woman] I said, sorry. You did this shit? What, are you fucking telepathic? [audience laughing] Starts cutting out and shit like an M. Night Shyamalan movie or shit. Oh, fuck. I m sorry. It s fucking… You guys fucking apologize over everything. [audience cheering] Literally… Literally had nothing to do with it. I m sorry.  Was that you?  No, but, you know, the universe. I m in it. [audience laughing]

PETE DAVIDSON@SMD@2016@[vocal music] ? Uh-uh, yeah ? Uh, uh-uh-uh, yeah, yeah, yeah ? ? Uh, uh-uh, yeah, uh ? ? Uh, uh, uh, yeah, yeah, yeah ? [music continues] ? ? All day, all day ? Every day, every day ? We was on that block ? Until we made a way, made a way ? ? Day to day, man ? That s the only way, only way ? ? They gon know my name until it fade away ? ? Fade away, fade away, fade away ? ? Fade–fade away, way, way ? Fade away [cheers and applause] ? Fade away, fade away, fade away, fade away ? ? They gon my name ? ? Until I fade, fade, fade ? – What up? [cheers and applause continue] Thank you very much. Thank you. It s very nice– nice to be home. Very nice to be in New York. [people cheer] I, uh– I had a pretty– [man yells] Yup. [laughter] You know how you know someone s from Staten Island? [laughter] They let you know that they re from Staten Island. If you don t know what Staten Island is, it s like New York s abortion that lived. [laughter] It s a shitty place. Nah, there s good people everywhere but, like, not in Staten Island at all. Yeah, like, everybody could die on Staten Island, and I wouldn t lose sleep over it at all. I d be like, Oh, I guess I got to find a new Xanax dealer. Like, that s about it. No, it s nice to be home. I had a–I had a fucked-up week. I had a long week. I had to fly Cape Air. I don t know if anybody s ever flown Cape Air, but I ll tell you what it is. It s a Volvo that flies. It s a Volvo with wings. Um, first thing, you pull up to the airport. I didn t even know it was the Cape Air airport, because it looked like a post office. So I told the Uber driver, I was like, Listen. I think we re at the post office. And he was like, No, this is the airport. And I was like, Well, okay. First thing you do when you get in there– there s one lady working in the airport. And when I got in there, I was very, like— I was like, What the fuck s going on? And she was like, Okay, weigh your carry-on. I was like, That seems normal. I ve weighed my carry-on before. And she was like, Now weigh your backpack. I was like, Well, that s a little odd. I ve never really weighed my backpack, but, you know, maybe there s not a lot going on at Cape Air. Maybe she s just trying to get a good work in. Like, you know what I mean? So I weighed my backpack. And then she was like, Now you. [laughter] I was like, Why–why do I have to be weighed? And she was like, Well, we have to weigh everybody so we know where to seat you on the plane so it doesn t topple over. ‘Cause it s not like a regular plane. And I was like, Did you just say ‘regular plane ? Why the [bleep] is that okay? It was terrifying. We walk to the plane. You could sit shotgun with the pilot, like he s your buddy from college. The pilot was trying to give us a speech before. It was crazy. He was just like, All right, guys. Before we take off on Cape Air, I just want to let you know pretty much the most important rule. You guys know how, on a regular plane… I was like, What s with this [bleep] ‘regular plane thing? I was like, Get a new spiel. He was like, You know, when you re on a regular plane, they re like, ‘Turn your phones off,  but you really don t have to turn your phone off? On this plane, turn your [bleep] phones off. All right, everybody have a safe flight, all right? Just happy to be home. Very–getting a little older. And when you say that and you re 22, people immediately think you re a dick. But, like, I m the oldest I ve ever been. So, like, to me, I ve been around. Like, I ve noticed little things getting older, like now I can t get hard by just, like, looking at a picture of a girl. Yeah, I can t do it anymore. At first, I thought I was gay. I was like, Oh, no, I m gay now. I was like, That s what this means. No, I didn t know, like, when you get older, you can t just, like, get hard. I didn t know you have to, like, bat it around and get it going, you know? I used to be able to get hard, any picture of a girl. She didn t have to be naked. As long as she was kind of like this, like, I could always just jerk off if there s some sort of a tilt. My mom‘s cool, man. She s getting old now. It s kind of sad. Like, she just turned 46, and, like… [laughter] Yeah, she still works and… she still drives. She s a trouper. I don t know how she does it. [applause] No, every day that woman gets up, I m like, You re amazing. My mom s so old, it s like it s cute now. Like, whenever she does anything, I find it adorable and I m proud. Like, I talked to my mom the other day. She was like, Last night, I got home at, like, 11:30. I just–I went out for some drinks with my friends. And I was like, [bleep], yeah, you did. [bleep] Amy. Let s go. It s weird; my mom s single. It s a very weird thing. My mom s single. My sister s a teenager. It s very weird, you know, cause whenever one of them brings a dude home, I don t know who he s for. [laughter] Like, when I answer the door, I don t know if I m supposed to, like, beat him up or, like, play catch. Like, I have no idea. I m like, Are you my new dad? You want you see my room? I give my mom a lot of credit. She–she had to do a lot of weird shit. You know, she had to– like, my mom had to buy me condoms. I feel like that s a dad s job. I mean, I never had a dad, but I assume that s, like, the dad s job. Like, in my head, how I would get condoms from my dad is, we would be having a catch, and then all of a sudden, a huge box of condoms would appear in his hand, and he d be like, Go long! And he would throw it, and then I would catch it, and he d be like… I don t know; I don t have a dad. But I assume that s, like, how it goes down. I tell you how it s not supposed to go down. I got home from school. I was, like, a sophomore in high school. And my mom was like, Hey, I left a little present for you on your bed. I was very excited. I was like, Oh, my God, perhaps it s sneakers. I was very—there was endless possibilities. It could be DVDs. Those were hot at the time. It could have been a million things. I get up there. It s a 50-pack of condoms. Every variety, every brand. And I just wanted to be like, Mom, who the [bleep] do you think your son is? Like, I never even brought a friend home. Like, what made you think I was out there, like, slinging pussy? I hang out with you every night. Do you want to [bleep] me? Do you want to [bleep] me, Mom? No, let s [bleep]. I m mad now. Me and my mom are really close now. I–this is how close me and my mom are. Like, I send my mom pictures of my dick whenever I m worried. Easy. [laughter] She s a nurse. She s a nurse, so I figure whenever, like, I get a dot or something, rather than go see the doctor, I can just cut out the middleman, send it to my mom. [people groan] That s not [bleep]–no, [bleep] you; I don t like that. You know, maybe you guys aren t just that close with your mothers. Yeah, me and my mom are on a dick level. No, like–no, here s an example. Like, if there was a line of dudes waiting to show their dick to my mom, right– it s her lucky day. I–I could cut that line, because I m with the family. You understand? No, I would send my mom pics. I d be like, Hey, Mom, sorry to bother you, but, you know, do you see anything wrong here? And she d be like, Yeah, Pete. Definitely something wrong. And I d be like, What? She s like, You re sending me pictures of your dick. What the [bleep] s wrong with you? I m a school nurse. Oh. [applause] She was like, Put a Band-Aid on it. I don t know. No, I was–I was a loser in high school. It was my fault, though. Like, I realize it s my fault. I went to three different high schools, okay? The first high school I went to, I was like, Wow, everybody here is a [bleep] asshole. And then I got to another high school, and I was like, Wow, lightning strikes twice. Everybody here is a [bleep] asshole too. And then I got to the third high school, and I was like, Oh, it s me. I was like, It was me the whole time. I looked down. I had a rolling school bag. I was like, Perhaps I had something to do with this. I think it might have been my fault. No, [bleep] that! Why is the rolling school bag the gay one? I never understood that. That makes no sense to me. Grown–grown adults– You re a [bleep] loser. You have a rolling school bag. I never understood that. What, do you want to carry your books like a peasant? That makes no sense to me. [bleep] roll down the hallways like a G, rolling your [bleep] textbooks. What you doing?  Studying, motherfucker. Like, why is that– why was it lame? I never understood that. I had a rolling school bag for four years. I loved it. Yeah, even though I looked like I was waiting for a flight for, like, four years. People used to make fun of me, and what sucked was, I never flew before, so I didn t know that they were making fun of me. I actually thought that they were helping me. I d be like, Hey, man, can you help me find Science? And they d be like, Yeah, I think it s in, like, terminal four. And I d be like, Oh, thank you so much. I really appreciate it. Thank you. [laughter] I, uh, dormed, dormed for– I went to college for a little bit. I dormed. [bleep] hated it. Does anybody here dorm? [people cheer] Yeah? You go to NYU? You go here? No, where do you– where do you gals go? Oh, they go to Pace. Whatever. [laughter] I feel like dorming, for girls, is fun, though. It is–you have fun with your girlies, right? Yeah, cause girls could, like, get their periods together and find out who A is or whatever. [laughter] Yeah, there you are. I know what girls do. I hated dorming. I think–I feel like dorming– like, any guys in here dorm right now? You? What s up, my man? Where do you dorm? – What? – You dorm now? – Yeah. – Where at? – 23rd. – 23rd? [laughter] So is that a dorm for a school? Yeah. [laughs] Where do you go?  West 23rd and 8th. [laughs] For what? For here? – NYU. – NYU? Oh, that s what s up. How many people in your dorm? – Uh, three girls. – Three girls? We don t have enough time. [laughter] We don t–if we weren t shooting a special, it would be an hour of just finding out everything about this young man. One of them s your girlfriend? – Ex-girlfriend. – Ex-girlfriend? [crowd exclaims] So dope. [laughter] [applause] You just walk in like a G. Like, ‘Sup, babe? [bleep] walk away. That s so dope. When I went to college, it was four dudes in a room, like, maybe from, like, here… to here. It was four dudes– it was awful. We would all wake up with boners and look at each other, and we would be like, This isn t what I thought college would be at all. Everybody has to shit. Nobody wants to go first. I [bleep] hated that. I hated my roommates. I remember one of them found out he had the biggest dick in the dorm. And then all of a sudden, he was making all of the decisions all of a sudden. He was like, I think we re gonna go bowling tonight. I was like, Oh, all right, Big Dick Brian. You know, whatever. Yeah. I used to jerk off when they were there. [bleep] them. I don t give a shit. Yeah, [bleep] them. I won every night. They had no idea. It was sick. I was jerking off while they were [bleep] typing. Awesome. I did it at night. I didn t do it during the day. I m not a savage, all right? Yeah, it wasn t like 4:00, like, Hey, what ‘s up, bro? You ready for study hall? Like, it was, like, at night. No, I like to help people. This is how you jerk off if you re sharing a room with somebody. Very simple. You get a very big bag of Doritos. Doesn t have to be Doritos; I just always go with Doritos. Get a big bag of chips, okay? And then you start crinkling it around with your non-jerking-off hand, right, creating some sort of an ambiance. [laughter] And then while you re doing that, you jerk off. Yeah, they cancel each other out. My roommates just thought I had a snack every night. They re like, Pete eats Doritos every night for, like, a half hour and doesn t share em with anybody. And then when he s done eating, he goes, ‘Oh, [bleep]! ‘[bleep]! Oh, [bleep], yes! Oh!  [applause] First day of college, I had this class, and there was a mentally challenged kid in it. And I have no problem with mentally challenged kids. That would be very weird if I did, like if that was my beef, if I was like, Peace and love, and [bleep] mentally challenged kids. You d be like, What s up with this guy? The problem I had was, I was also in that class. Yeah, so, like, one thing came to my mind when I saw the kid. I was first like, Aw. Then I was like, Huh, wait a second. I was like, Am I mentally chall–like, is this– is this how they re gonna tell me? They re just gonna throw me in, hope I figure it out? No, I wouldn t be surprised. I was like, Maybe I m, like, one of the better ones or something. Maybe I m their leader. I had no idea. By the way, I see a lot of people getting sensitive because mentally challenged people are a very sensitive topic. I understand completely. But to make you feel better, I have a mentally challenged cousin, and I asked her if I could do these jokes, and she was like, Ugh, so it s completely fine. She s very supportive, loves me, okay? She wasn t like, Uh. She was like, Uh. I know the difference. It went up. I ll never forget– this is a true story. We had movie day. In college. I ll tell you–yeah. The teacher wheeled in a cart and was like, It s movie day. And I was like, Sick! And I was like, Wait, it s college. Why did– I ll never forget this. The teacher picked Forrest Gump, okay? Before he starts the movie, he goes, All right, class. Who here saw Forrest Gump? I swear to God the mentally challenged kid just goes, I did, sir, and that s my favorite movie. And I laughed so [bleep] hard. I laughed so hard, and then I looked around. Nobody else was laughing. Even the mentally challenged kid was like, Are you [bleep] serious right now? Been trying to smoke less weed. If you are in this front row, you know it s not working out very well. It s not good–like, when you don t smoke weed for a little bit, like, it s crazy. Like, you have feelings. You know, like, something ll happen, and I ll be like, Hey, I don t–I don t like that. As opposed to, like, seven years of just being like, It is what it is. Swag or whatever. This Christmas, I had a couple weeks off. I tried to go to rehab for my mom, as a Christmas gift. But it s weird. I tried to go to rehab cause I wanted to smoke weed less. Like, I didn t even want to quit. Don t tell anybody that in rehab, by the way. So I didn t have enough time to think about it. I was like, I ll go to rehab. So I asked my friends– you know, people who know about this stuff, and I was like, Where should we go? What s, like, the best place? They were like, You should go to a rehab facility in Utah. Without even thinking, booked the flight. Did you know, when you book a flight to Utah, there is a layover in Denver? [laughter] And I was sitting in the airport like, Is this part of the [bleep] rehab? Like, do I–is this level one? Do I have to get past this? Also, did you know that there s rehabs everywhere? You don t have to go to Utah. I found that out, cause I got there, and I was like, Hi, my name s Pete Davidson. They re like, Oh, where you from? I was like, I live in Manhattan. And they re like, Oh, have you heard about our facilities in Manhattan? I was like, No, I heard about the one in Utah. It s a weird thing, going to rehab when you want to smoke weed less, like not even quit, because people are there for crack and meth, and I m there cause, like, I want to know what food tastes like. That s what happens, by the way, when you stop smoking weed for a little bit. You ll be like, Oh, some food is not good. First thing you do when you get into a rehab is, you check into detox. I didn t know there was no such thing as detox for potheads. So I should have known something was up, because I was in a line waiting to check in, and everybody in front of me was shaking, and I wasn t. And I felt uncomfortable. I was like, [bleep] that. I m not gonna be the odd man out in rehab. So I started shaking myself. I was like, Oh, kicked in later, you guys. [bleep]. Holy shit. I remember this guy that was just like, Hey, guys, I m Joe. I do crack. I died. And then he was like, But they brought me back. Ha ha! Obviously! And I was like, Ha ha. Ha ha. I don t know if that s funny. And he was just like, This is my last shot. Everybody was like, Thank you. Thank you, Joe. And I didn t know you thanked them after, so I was late. I was like, Oh, thanks, Joe! And then everybody looked at me, and I was like… I love smoking weed. I m probably never gonna stop, to be honest with you. [cheers and applause] Yeah. And I m not doing it for an applause. It s just I have problems and I need it, and it makes me feel better. So, like, I love smoking weed. I love smoking weed and driving. It s my favorite. – Whoo! – Yeah. I love being high when I m driving. I m like–I don t mind traffic. I m like, Oh, company. All right. I m like, We re all in this together, you guys. You ever make friends in traffic? That s the [bleep] best. Pull up to a stop, go to the guy next to you like… The guy next to you is like… I love smoking weed and watching movies. It s my favorite. You ever get so high, you, like, watch the credits? And you re like, Who directed this? He did a good job. I think that s what IMDB was created for. People would just get high, and they re like, Where is this guy from? And then you re like, Oh, there he is! He was in The Patriot! One of my favorite movies to watch high is Jaws. Jaws is one of my favorite movies because it was made in the 70s, so when I watch it, it looks like a movie. Does that make sense? It probably doesn t, but when I watch a movie now, I m like, Oh, that could happen. But because it s in the 70s, I could tell– I ll give you a couple examples. Like, I love the way they talk in Jaws. They talk very differently. Like, there s a scene where Richard Dreyfuss is– wants to ask the mayor if he can cut open the shark to see if that little Kintner boy s in there. I m glad you laughed, because it always makes me laugh. No, I m serious; it always makes me laugh. I think it s just the visual of, like, what if the little boy was actually in there? You know, like, what if he, like, cuts it open and all of a sudden, the boy s like… [thudding] He was in there, Chief! That d be hilarious. I just like the way they talk in Jaws. There s a scene. Richard Dreyfuss wants to ask the mayor if he can cut open the shark, and he s like, Hey, could I cut open the shark, see if the little Kintner boy s in there? And the mayor goes, I ll be damned. If you cut open that shark and I see that little Kintner boy spill out all over the dock, and I m like, That s [bleep] sick. Nobody talks like that anymore. If that scene was made today, that whole scene would be like, Hey, can I cut open the shark? He d be like, Nah, [bleep] do it later. Don t want to get the dock dirty and shit. Also when I was watching Jaws, I found out a scene that doesn t actually belong in there. It s not proven. I just watched it, and I was like–I felt… Here s the scene. So Richard Dreyfuss finally is cutting open the shark. And this fat guy comes out of nowhere, and he s just like, Hey! Hey! What type of shark is that? And Richard Dreyfuss goes, Uh, it s a tiger shark. And then the fat guy goes, A what? That scene shouldn t be in the [bleep] movie. It makes no sense. I was like, What is that, Spielberg s uncle? What is that? It s probably his uncle. He s like, Stevie, are you gonna put me in your movie? And he s like, Yeah. Can you say, ‘A what?  He s like, Can I [bleep] say ‘A what? Come on. Another movie I watched high, I actually really like. I watched The Vow recently. I love The Vow. If you don t know what The Vow is, it s Channing Tatum and Rachel McAdams, and they re married. And in the first scene, they get in a car accident, and luckily she goes through the windshield, and– Oh, yeah, it s my favorite part. And it s in slow motion, so you get to enjoy it. No, [bleep] that. It s always the guy going through the windshield, and I was like, Oh, it s the girl. I was like, All right. All right, Nicholas Sparks. I see you. I m invested. She goes through the windshield. She ends up losing her memory. She doesn t remember that she s married. The movie should have been over right there. That s it. Should have been a short film about some bitch who should have wore a seat belt. That s all that needed to be. Instead of that, the rest of this movie, this poor guy is trying to make his wife fall back in love with him, cause she don t remember him. That would never happen. I mean, maybe it would, but I– I try to put myself, like, in that situation whenever I watch a movie, and I wouldn t be able to do it, if I m being completely honest. Like, if I get married to you and you become a vegetable, like, you re a vegetable now, and I m on the run, cause I m not a vegetable. If that was me, honestly, and I walked into my wife s room– and I walk into a hospital, I go to my wife s room, and was like, Oh! Oh, my God, honey. Are you okay? And she s like, Who are you? I d be like, Oh, wrong room. My bad. Sorry to bother you, ma am. I would call up my friends, be like, Yo! Guess who don t remember? I tried. I said hello. I m a hypochondriac. I always worry about my dick. I don t know about anybody else, but I m always worried about my dick. How are you? Do you always worry about your dick, dude? It s good. It s good? Oh, well, aren t you the [bleep] most confident man in the world? Oh, [bleep] Mr. Dos Equis over there. Hey, you ever worry about your dick?  No, I m fine, man.  Oh, [bleep] you, dude. That was– I m sure every guy can relate to this. This ruins my day whenever it happens. Whenever I have to take a shit in a public place and my dick touches the toilet seat, it ruins my day immediately. I m like, Oh, my God, I just got everything in this place. My dick starts, like, coiling back, cause, like, it knows what it did. And so I m like, No, [bleep] you. I actually told my doctor that once. I was like, Before you take a look, I think I know what it is. I m like, You ever take a shit in a McDonald s and your dick touches the toilet seat? I think that s where I got this from. And he s like, That s not possible. And I was like, Well, you re the doctor, and I m just trying to help. I like going to free clinics, cause they know what s up. You know, nobody goes to a free clinic for chemo. Everybody goes to a free clinic cause they had fun yesterday. I like to go to this free clinic in Brooklyn cause it s very well run. That s right; you could Yelp other things besides food. And I went in, and it s very well run. The first thing they do, they prick your finger to test you for AIDS, they give you a number, and then you sit with everybody else. And then while you wait to see the doctor, they ll call your number, tell you your AIDS result. [person groans] Yeah. It s like bingo. It s sick. It s [bleep] best establishment in Brooklyn. Maybe I m not painting a good picture enough. A nurse will literally come out to the waiting room and be like, 33! No! And 33 s like… [applause] 34 s in the corner like, [bleep]! It s been seven ‘no s in a row! Due for a yes. I ve never seen a yes yelled out. I ve never seen a yes yelled out. Like, I ve never been there and a lady s been like, Un, 34? Yeah, you have AIDS. Like, that s never happened. I don t know what they would do. What do you think they would do? I m sure they would just, like, take you into a room and throw you a Magic Johnson jersey and be like, Welcome to the team, bro. Come on. Be positive. Don t be negative. I got to tell you a funny story about Heavy, my boy Heavy. So I m–I m a– I hate everybody, but I won t let you know it. Like, I ll be really pissed or not having a good time. You ll never be able to tell. Heavy, exact opposite. Something s wrong, you know about it immediately. It s why I love bringing him places, right? So me and him, we go to the Justin Bieber concert. We get very [bleep] up. We re like, Let s go see the Biebs. No, he puts on a great show. He really does. He puts on a sick show. You should go see him. Don t [bleep] clap; this is my time. But seriously, you should go see him. He does put on a great show, okay? So me and him were really [bleep] up. We re very late. We re, like, an hour late to the concert. And we have front row. We have, like, seats over here, okay? We re late. We get there. There are these two little girls. They could– eight years old, tops. In our seats, having the [bleep] time of their lives. Like, you couldn t tell these girls nothing. Like, they were having just the sweetest, best time ever. So I go to Heavy, and I m like, Listen. You re 30. I m 22. I m like, Let s give these kids their seats, let them have a nice fun time, and we ll just hang in the back. And Heavy goes, Uh, abso-[bleep]-lutely not. And I swear to God he goes up to these two little kids and he goes, Um, excuse me, little princesses. Uh, are these your seats? And they go, No, mister. And he goes, Uh, then get the fuck out. One time. And then, like, without skipping a beat, he s like, This is gonna be sick. We re gonna have some [bleep] fun. I ve been–I watch a lot of porn. Like, I could post a Throwback Thursday photo of me jerking off. And, um… Like, I do. I watch a lot of porn. And I noticed something. I don t know if you re an avid porn user, but online, there s no new porn unless you pay for it. So I ve been watching some of the classics. But I noticed something that I don t like in porn. Because I ve been the same porns over and over, I m noticing new things, you know? Like, this is something I really don t like. I don t like when male porn stars moan. Yeah, what the [bleep] s up with that? It s like, You re a professional. Act like you been there before. Yeah. And you know, as a male porn star, like, guys are jerking off to this, so why would you moan so loud? You know how distracting that is? Have some [bleep] respect for your fans, seriously. I was watching this porn the other day, and the guy was like, Oh, yeah! [bleep]! [bleep], yeah! And I was like, What a [bleep] weirdo. I m like, Will you shut the fuck up so I could [bleep] come, please, you [bleep] weirdo? I don t make any noise when I have sex. Zero. Gentleman. Nothing. Please and thank you the whole way through. I don t even make noise when I come. When I come, I m just kind of like… Yeah, like I just had an epiphany or something. Like, Oh, my keys. They re in my jeans. Like, that s how I come. Don t forget to turn the oven off. That s how I literally come. If I m drunk, I ll yell out one thing when I come. I ll tell you what it is. Okay? There s this one thing I yell out when I m drunk when I come. This is the one thing. Okay, I don t know if any of you are familiar with the film 101 Dalmatians. There is a scene in 101 Dalmatians when Jeff Daniels puppy gives birth, okay? And this lady taking care of the puppies, she s like, There s 14 puppies. One of them died. There were supposed to be 15, but there s 14. And Jeff Daniels, being the goddamn genius of an actor that he is, out of the corner of his eye notices the 15th puppy, that they thought was dead, is starting to wiggle, so it s alive. And he looks at the lady, and he goes, No. Not 14. 15! 15 puppies! So I yell that when I come now, which is a huge step up from sorry. [cheers and applause] Thanks. Anybody here ever do ‘shrooms? [people cheer] Like, I m afraid to do drugs, cause I love them. Like, whenever I m about to do a drug, I need to do it with a friend. That way, if I die, he dies too. For some reason, that would be so much better for my mom to find out. Like, if two of us died, it s not as bad as just me. Does that make sense? No, I m serious, cause if I just died, my mom s like, What a [bleep] drug addict. But if it s me and another friend, and it d be like, That bad influence, Ryan. I always said he was no good for my son. I picked my friend Ryan to do ‘shrooms with me. My friend Ryan, some of you might know. Some of you might not. He s this 6 5", 250-pound black dude from Flatbush, Brooklyn. Okay, he s been to jail a bunch of times for real shit, not for, like, hoping a turnstile. For, like, murder, okay? He didn t do it, and… Yeah. He s nice to me. So I–before I do a drug, I usually Google the best and worst thing that could happen. Probably not a good idea, but, again, I m not a smart person. Let me tell you how not smart I am, okay? This is how not smart of a person I am. I thought Chicago was a state until a week ago. Not done. Only reason why I found out Chicago is not a state is cause I was in Chicago, doing a show, came out, and said, Wonderful to be in the state of Chicago. Nobody said anything. Nobody said anything till the end of the show. So I did a whole show with state of Chicago confidence. That s how [bleep] stupid I am. So I looked up– I was like, What s the best thing that could happen to you on ‘shrooms? Best review I saw was, I did ‘shrooms, I saw the world, and I feel like I m a better person now. And I was like, Hey, that s a great review. 200 likes. Nice. Reliable. Worst review of ‘shrooms: Don t do em. Jumped out of my window. 500 likes. I was like, [bleep]. I have two windows. So there s doubly the chance. So I got Ryan in my apartment, and I got a guy, a man to come over to install child locks on my windows. And he got to my house, and he was putting in the child locks, and he was like, Oh, my God, this is so sweet. When s the baby due? And I was like, There s no baby. Me and him are doing ‘shrooms. So we do ‘shrooms, and then nothing happens for about an hour. And you know when people do drugs or drink and they just brag about how not [bleep] up they are and it s the most annoying thing eve– To me, it really bothers me whenever someone s like, Drank 14 beers. I don t feel shit. And it s like, Oh, maybe you re autistic, then, because you should be fucked up completely, to be honest with you. So we were getting a little mad that it wasn t working, so we turn on this movie with Al Pacino and Christopher Walken. It s a new movie, so just know they already look scary. Ryan goes, Yo. Is Al Pacino orange? And I m scrolling, and I looked up, and he was, but it didn t bother me. I went back on my phone. I was like, Yeah, he is. Really bothered Ryan, cause now Ryan was hiding under a Snuggie, shaking. And he said, Yo, bro, call me when this is over. [laughter] So I was freaking out. I was like, Already the safest guy that I picked to do ‘shrooms with is already hiding under my Snuggie. I m [bleep]. And I started panicking and freaking out. I can t do this alone, you know? I can t do anything alone. So I told Ryan, I was like, Listen. I m going to go downstairs, tell the doorman we re very high on ‘shrooms in case anything happens, to which Ryan goes, Why the [bleep] would you do that? And I said, So he knows. It makes no sense, but at the time, it made so much sense to me. He s like, Why would you do that? Like, Why the [bleep] would you do that?  So he knows. Guy with the questions. So then I got in the elevator. It went down one floor, and it stopped. The alarm went off. And I was freaking out. I was like, [bleep]. I m [bleep]. I-I need to get out of here. So I started punching the elevator, trying to open it. I was freaking out. I was staring at my fist. I was like, If it ever would happen, it would happen now. Wolverine! Come on, one time. Wolverine one time. It didn t happen, obviously. I wouldn t be here right now. I got downstairs. Okay, elevator doors opened. I was too afraid to get out, cause I was afraid it wouldn t go back up. Makes no sense, but at the time, huge [bleep] problem. I was like, What if it don t go back up? So I just stuck my head out to the doorman, and I was like, Hey, it s Pete, third floor. If anything happens, me and my friend Ryan, we re really high on ‘shrooms. And he looked at us like this, and then the door just [bleep] closed in his face. [applause] I got back upstairs into my apartment. Two windows open, no Ryan. [crowd exclaims] To which I said, I [bleep] knew it. I knew this would happen. 500 people liked it. And then Ryan goes, Yo, my bad about the windows. I m in the bathroom. I was like, All right. Okay. Now, normally, I don t care when my friends are in the bathroom for over an hour. And I don t ask what s going on in there. But we were both on ‘shrooms, and it was over an hour. So I was like, Hey, Ryan, what the fuck s going on in there? And he was like, Bro, you got to get in here. Ryan s been to jail. So I was like, Is this jail Ryan, or is this my friend Ryan that we all know and love? I get in there. This is a true– This is exactly what s going on. He s naked, in his boxers, flexing, having the [bleep] time of his life, just flexing. He s like, Ugh, yeah. Uh-huh. Yeah. Yeah. I m like, What s up, bro? Like, what s going on? And he s like, I m the Hulk. And I didn t know what he was talking about. I was like, What do you mean, you re the Hulk? He goes, Don t you see? I m green. I m the very first black Hulk. And he kept flexing, and I was like, I don t–I don t get it. And he was like, Look in the mirror. This is the only time that I tripped. I looked at Ryan like this, looked at him into the mirror. He turned green into the mirror, and I was like, Oh, my God, you are the Hulk. Congratulations. This is sick. So then I got a little cocky, and I was like, Perhaps I m also the Hulk. And I took my shirt off, and I just looked very sick. I was like, I need to get out of here immediately. Ryan gets on the couch. We re watching–we re about to watch the rest of this movie. The second we hit play, it s a scene where Al Pacino comes out from behind a corner and goes, Hello! And we were like, Fuck that. That s the scariest thing I ve ever seen in my life. So we shut it off. It was horrifying seeing this 75-year-old orange person go, Hello. It was [bleep] terrifying. So now me and Ryan are both high on ‘shrooms, shirtless under our Snuggies, just shaking, holding each other. And then my mom texts me, okay? My mom sends the worst possible text she could send when someone s violently high on ‘shrooms. She sends me, Pete, just want to let you know I m so proud of you. I love everything you re doing. You make such smart decisions, and Dad would be very proud. And then I just started crying. I was like, Aw, man! My mom s all proud. I m on ‘shrooms. I wasn t even the Hulk. Like, it was just this whole fucked-up bad day. And then Ryan goes, Shut the fuck up. And you know when you re crying and your friend don t care, it makes you cry more? When you re like, Uhhh, and you re friend s like, Uh, and you re like, Uh? Like… [laughter] Uh? Please care. So it made me cry more. I was like, What do you mean? Like, what–who does that? And he was like, Bro, seriously, shut the fuck up. I m gonna punch you in the face. I was like, Well, why can t you just be my friend? Why can t you just be there for me? And he was like, ‘Cause I miss my mom too! And then he started crying, and then we both held each other and cried under my Snuggie. And then the ‘shroom trip was over, and then Ryan did the funniest thing I ve ever seen anybody do. He took the Snuggie off, and he dabbed his eyes with it. And then he looked at me, and he went, Oh! Yo, Pete, ‘shrooms? Incredible. [laughter] [applause] Thank you. Thank you very much. So we ll do some 9/11 jokes, and then we ll get the fuck out of here. How s that sound? [laughs] It s hard to transition into anything. I don t have–I don t know if you ve noticed anything about my comedy, but there s– there s not many transitions. It s very, like, Dick, [bleep], Dad. Like, it s, like, very straightforward, easy-listening comedy. Like, it s not the Kendrick Lamar– I m very French Montana of comedy. Like, every show, I feel like I should just be like, Huh! And you ll be like, Aha! I get it. So, yeah, my dad, if you don t know, he was a fireman. He died 9/11. He was a very good dude. And I have a lot of jokes about it, and if you don t like the first one, you probably won t like the rest. What s cool about your dad dying on 9/11… [someone laughs] Is–besides the free parking, is also– [someone groans] 0 for 1, skirball. [scattered applause] That s not the only good thing about your dad dying; come on. No, the cool thing about my dad dying and being a fireman was, like, now I get all of his fireman gear. So whenever I smoke weed in New York City, I wear it. You know? Yeah, so now people just think I m a shitty fireman. But I ll be so high, I ll forget. Like, people will come up to me and be like, You re a [bleep] disgrace! And I ll be like, You re a [bleep] disgrace! I ll be like, Oh, shit, I m a lieutenant. I forgot. I m very sorry. Have a good day, ma am! I didn t really care when my dad died. It didn t bother me very much, because I was seven. You don t understand things when you re seven, you know? If it happened now, I d be in a world of trouble, but I m actually– it s weird to say this. I m lucky it happened when I was seven. I know that sounds weird, but it s the real thing. Like, I remember my dad died, and my mom was like, Your dad s dead, but we got you a PlayStation 2. And I was like, Yeah, cool. I was like, That seems about even. It s pretty fair. No, I m serious. I really didn t care. I was like, I m gonna push my mom down the stairs and get a PS3. I was [bleep] ridiculous. It s my new life of murder and toys. What s weird is, my grandma on my mom s side, my mom s mom, she s–her birthday s on 9/11, and she never liked my dad. crowd: Oh! – Kind of fishy, isn t it? [laughter] I always wanted to ask her. I always wanted to be like, Hey, Grandma, on the low, did you make any wishes? I want to get a tattoo. I want to get my dad s initials. It s a very, like, Italian, Staten Island thing to do. I feel like Italian people are almost, like, waiting for someone in their family to die so they can go get a tattoo. I m serious. You ever been to, like, an Italian funeral or wake and the son of whoever died has, like, the prayer card going down their side? You know, like, how the [bleep] did you do that already? And it s, like, healed. I, um– I want to get my dad s initials, you know. I want to get it tattooed on me. I feel like it would be very cool. But I found out recently I can t. I don t know why I never noticed it. I guess I just never pay attention, but my dad s initials are SMD. Yeah. That s why we named the special SMD, but SMD also has other meanings, like, for instance, suck my dick. That s the more popular meaning, believe it or not. So my friends are like, You can t get that tattoo, because people will think you re an asshole. You know? And I agree. I m like, You re right. I shouldn t. But then I thought about it. I was like, I should. I was like, I could only win. I was like, If someone has the balls to bring it up to me, oh, I would win, like, so fast. Like, I will never lose. It s so dope. Think about that. I ll have it on my neck. [bleep] having a good time. Girls come up to me, and they re like, You re a [bleep] pig. All I got to do is be like: [whimpers] Actually, it s my dead dad s initials. And then they ll feel so bad, they ll probably suck my dick. Hey, guys, you ve been amazing. Thank you. Thank you for coming out. Thank you very much. [cheers and applause] ? All day, all day ? ? Every day, every day ? We was on that block until we made a way ? [cheers and applause continue] Pete Davidson, guys. All right, yeah.

JO KOY@LIVE FROM SEATTLE@2017@Yo Finally here You know I m finally here Finally here You know I m finally here I hear these people talking about Where I been I been on tour trying to work it out They talking, like Man, you finally made it, dawg Shit, I m working on copping My second house I remember back when No one wanted to listen Kind of funny who done came and gone But I m still here And I ain t going nowhere Nah, it s my time, homey This where I belong Truth is, I m a savage… I m home, you guys. [chuckling] Look at the diversity in this room. Every color. [cheers and applause] That s what I love about Seattle. There s, like, every color just mixed with everybody else. [audience laughing] Good shit. We ve got Latinos out here. [cheering] Somehow you guys swam up. Just keep going! I swear to God, mijo. Keep going! When I first moved out here… Like, when I was living out here, this is where the Indian casinos started opening. Like Muckleshoot. Remember that? Is that still around? – [crowd] Yeah! – Muckleshoot? But when an Asian says it, it sounds more Asian than Indian. [Asian accent] Muckleshoot. You want to play… Where you play? Muck… Muckleshoot. Play blackjack at Muckle… Muckleshoot. You go to the Indian reservation. I ve never seen any Indians. There s more… I don t see any. It s just all Vietnamese people and… Chinese people. That s all. I want to see an Indian. One. Just one. Give me one Indian. I want to see Pocahontas. Just one Pocahontas. Just give me an Indian lady. One Indian lady. I swear to God, if I find her, it s over. It s over. I want a hot Indian wife, and I ll marry her, and I ll have ten kids with her, just so when I load the van, I can go… One little, two little Three little Indians Four little, five little Six little Indians Seven little, eight little… I love watching… When women laugh, it s my favorite. Because when women laugh, they laugh hard. They don t give a shit. If it s funny, they re, like, Oh, my God. Right? Ten Indians. And then he ll count, like the fucking song! Hilarious! [sobbing] Hilarious! Women will laugh… Look. Women will laugh and cry. Women will laugh and cry because they re emotional creatures. They can t give you one emotion. I gotta give you two! Ha ha ha! Are you serious? Are you happy? Ha ha ha! Fuck! Fuck! Seriously, stop! Fuck! [cries] And they do this shit. What is that? Because they re crying, and that s their way of drying the tears. Fanning tears. That s fucking water! You can t fan water! You don t get out of the shower and go, Oh, my God, that shower was amazing. Oh, my God! I m gonna be late! Women will laugh and pee. They don t give a shit. In public. In public! In front of their friends. They don t give a shit. They ll tell their friends, He s funny, right?  I know. I just peed a little. I swear to God.  A little? Bitch, that s a lot.  I don t give a fuck. It s funny. It s funny. And I love it when women laugh and they threaten that they want you to stop, and if you don t, they re gonna pee. They threaten you. Stop. No, seriously, stop! I swear to God, I m gonna pee! Stop it! Oh, my God! Stop! Stop! I m gonna pee. Look, look! Seriously. You re crazy. This is amazing. Look, she s crying right now! Where s the hand? Look at her! And then look at her crotch. Piss. She just pissed. You got that on tape, right? Welcome to Hollywood, bitch. She did exactly what I said. She went like that, then went like that, and she went, like, Oh, my God. Fucking stop! I m about to shit! I m gonna shit. You want me to shit? I ll shit. I m half-white, half-Filipino. That s what I am. Which means my dad was in the military. That s not even a joke. That s real shit. A lot of soldiers were fighting for this country. My dad was dating. I m his Purple Heart. My dad would say borderline-racist shit to me when I was a kid. Borderline-racist shit. But I knew he was joking. It s my dad. Just sitting at the dinner table, like, You know why I married your mom, right? I m, like, Why?  Because I love Chinese food.  She s Filipino, Dad.  Whatever. Rice is rice. What the fuck? Rice is rice! That s so racist! I m not knocking what my mom had to do to get to America. Fuck it. That s her hustle. That was her hustle. God bless you, Mom. You hooked up with a soldier and had a kid in America. God bless you, Mom. She did what she had to do. She could ve hooked up with a Filipino and had a kid in the Philippines. You know how much a comedian makes in the Philippines? A chicken and flip-flops. Fuck that. Fuck that. I don t even like flip-flops. My mom was the shit. My mom and dad divorced when I was, like, ten, 11 years old. My mom had to raise us on her own. She did that shit on her own. Tough as shit. She had… [cheers and applause] Sometimes a little too tough. Like, it was borderline illegal, but… It sucked. My mom never took us to the doctor. My mom raised us like we were still in the Philippines. She tried to cure everything at home, like a real Filipino woman. You had to… You had to die to go to the hospital. Shit. My mom cured everything with Vicks VapoRub. Vicks VapoRub! I should ve died nine times when I was a kid. That s abuse! There was one time I thought I had pneumonia. I go, Mom, I think I have pneumonia. She goes, I ll put extra Vicks on your body, Joseph. Just rub it everywhere, Joseph. Rub it on the bottom of the foot, and then put a sock on the foot, and then the pneumonia will come out of the foot, Joseph. I m just smothered in fucking Vicks. I should ve called the cops. One time I was so sick… I swear to God, true story… I go, Mom, I don t feel good. I can t sleep. I can t sleep, Mom. My mom took her finger and stuck it in Vicks and rubbed it on top of my eyelids. On top of my eyelids! That shit burned so bad. I go, Mom, it burns! I can t open my eyes! My mom goes, Well, then you can sleep. Good night, Joseph. She didn t give a shit. Mean. She never hit us. My mom never hit us. She just scared us a lot. She loved to curse, and she used to flex like that. She used to do that shit! She brought that to America! Anyone that does this shit, hey, my mom started that shit. She did it to all of us. You know how embarrassing that is, to get punked by a four-foot-eight Asian woman at the fucking mall? Get out of the goddamn Foot Locker. Get out of the Foot Locker!  I m not even in the Foot Locker! I used to cry and tell my mom, Mom, when I have kids, I m never gonna do what you do to me to my kids. And my mom looked at me… I swear to God… she put her hand on my shoulder and goes, Joseph, promise me, okay? Never have kids. Shit on my dreams. I m telling you this: I became a comedian, which is totally against the grain when you have a Filipino mom. If you have a Filipino mom, that is not the career choice you re supposed to have. Filipino moms predetermine what their kids are supposed to be when they grow up. And you know I m not making this shit up. There s a lot of Filipinos in here, right now, that are nurses. Today is a good day to get injured at a show… because there will be a nurse in here, like… [in Filipino accent] Oh, my God. Put a cold compress on the head. Elebate the peet! Elebate… Elebate the peet.  What the fuck is ‘elebate ?  Just lipt! Lipt the pucking peet! Are you stupid? And I m not… I m not shitting on you for being a nurse. That s a great job, great benefits, good money. I m just saying, it wasn t your dream. That was your Filipino mom s dream. My mom wanted me to be a nurse. Are you fucking kidding me? Filipino moms shit on their kids dreams. And you know I m not lying. You know I m not lying. You can t have a dream. What are you talking about… dream? I told my mom I wanted to be a comedian. She cried. Why? Why do you want to be a comedian, Joseph? All your aunties are nurses, your cousins are nurses. Do you see any clowns in this family? I don t. Do you? Shit on my dream right there. Just looked at me and went like this: Joseph, who told you you were funny? It wasn t me. That s fucked up. I m just saying… you re a nurse, God bless you. But you know there are some nurses out there that didn t follow their dreams. There are some nurses working at the hospital that wish they were a Jabbawockee. You know exactly what I m talking about. Hey, follow me to the X-ray.  I ll follow you…  Goddamn, that nurse can dance.  It was always my dream. My mother did not believe in me. Oh, fuck. It s either nurse or mailman. Mailman s another strong option. Oh, shit. My mom cried and even suggested, Joseph, be a mailman. Your uncles are mailmen. Your cousins, they re mailmen. My stepdad, he s white. He s a fucking mailman! I swear to God. I asked him, Fred, why d you become a mailman? He s, like, Your mama told me to become a mailman. She shit on my dreams. I came home from school, and my mom had my uncle come over and talk to me about getting into the post office. That s how… Right? It s fucked up, right? Come home from school, and here s my uncle. By the way, my uncle is one of those Filipinos that hide their accent. He s got a thick accent, but he likes to hide the accent because he doesn t want anyone to think that he has an accent. And it just ends up sounding like a worse accent. He sounds like a Filipino Elvis. And I came home, I came through the door. He got up, he s, like… [deep voice, thick accent] Joseph, let me talk to you for a second. So, I hear you want to be a comedian? Like, what the fuck did you just say? Filipino moms, stop turning into Filipino moms. I can guarantee you right now… There s a ton of Filipinos in here, but I can tell you, I don t know any of you, but if you met my mom, I guarantee she looks just like your mom. Identical fucking twins. Just… They re just cut from the same cloth. I don t know what it is about Filipino women. They re beautiful at the age of 20, but right when they hit 69, they all morph into the same Filipino woman. Short hair, glasses. Louis Vuitton purse. Where are we? Seattle? Moore Theatre? [chuckling] Break that mold, man. I told my son. I told him. I m breaking that mold. I looked at my son right in the eyes, and I go, Joe, look, if you have a dream and you think you want to do it and you believe in it, then chase that dream. It ll happen. That s what I said. [cheers and applause] As long as you continue to follow that dream, your dad s got your back. I got you, bro, 100 percent. He goes, Oh, my God. Thanks, Dad. I go, What do you want to be when you grow up? He goes, I want to be an architect. And I go, Joe… I ve seen you draw. You got another dream? What the fuck are you talking about? You ever think about nursing? Get the fuck out of here. I love my kid, but I understand where my mom s coming from, because he s at that age. Right when he turned 12, that s when he just stopped taking care of himself. And that s when I stopped taking care of him. Because that s what you re supposed to do when you re a parent. Twelve? You should know how to brush your teeth now. You know what to do, Joe. But now that I ignore the fact that he doesn t brush his teeth, I have to fucking deal with the breath. The breath, it comes in hot. Hot. And he s breathy when he talks. [breathy voice] Dad. Dad. Dad. I m, like, Joe, what did I tell you to do when you talk to me?  Face the wall.  Face the wall and write it down. Let me read what the fuck you re trying to say to me. Armpits. God damn it. Armpits smell like chopped onions. And I always get mad. I m, like, Joe, why do I smell it first? I m over here. You re right fucking here. I grab the deodorant every time. Joe, this is all you gotta do. Just rub it under this armpit like that. That s all you gotta do. Now, listen to me. Here s the important part. When you go to the other armpit, I want you to go across your mouth. Just dirty. My son is dirty. He loves it. He thinks it s the funniest thing. Still doesn t know how to sneeze correctly. Are you kidding me? My friend had a daughter the same time I had my son. She s been cute her whole life. When she would sneeze, she d announce it. I gotta sneeze, Mommy. I need a napkin. Her mom would run over with a napkin. Here you go, baby. Put your nose in the napkin.  I gotta sneeze, Mom. I gotta sneeze. [soft sneeze] It s fucking beautiful. Glitter. When my son sneezes, no announcement. His face just explodes, mid-conversation. It always happens at the restaurant. He s, like, Dad, did you see how many points… [splat] And then I still help him. I grab a napkin. Here, wipe your face, Joe. Because I m a good dad. Let me do that with my mom when I was a kid. Shit. At the dinner table. Mom, can you pass a… [splat] Are you fucking kidding me? Are your hands broken when you sneeze? When you sneeze, you can t use your fucking hands? You could not go like that? Now there s boogers on the chicken. You re eating all the booger chicken, Joseph. All of that is yours. Enjoy boogers and chicken. Delicious, huh? The whole week, I gotta eat booger chicken sandwiches at school. And she d make fun of me. How was your sandwich? Salty, huh? Cover your mouth. I m ready for my son, and I m financially prepared to take care of him for the next 15 years. I know that. As a man, as a dad, I know I have to take care of my son for the next 15 years. Why? Because he s a boy. Boys don t leave the fucking house. They don t leave. How do I know that? Because I didn t leave the house. I didn t leave the house till I was 28. I ain t leaving. My mom can cook. And I m ready for that. Now, if I had a daughter, I wouldn t put a dime away. Not a penny. Not a cent. Why? Because girls mature quicker, they grow up faster, and they get the fuck out of the house! Don t talk to me like that, Mom! That s bullshit! I m a fucking woman! Don t touch me, Dad. Girls at 18 don t give a shit. They re ready for the world. And you know what I m talking about. Don t act like you don t. There s women in here that left at 18. And the reason why I know is because I have two sisters… Gemma and Rowena. Both of them left at 18, and neither one of them came back. That s some gangster shit. My sister Rowena was the first one to go. Had a full-time job at Wendy s. Swear to God. Shift supervisor. She thought she was a fucking millionaire! Showed me her paychecks every week. Look at this shit. I m rich. And she was ready. Got into the last fight with my mom in the living room. She had it. Whatever, Mom. I m going. I m getting the fuck out of here. I m sick of these fucking rules. I m old enough to take care of myself. And you know what? Me and Brian, we ve been looking for a place, and when we find it, I m fucking out of here! And my mom just looked at her and goes, Are you fucking crazy? Get the fuck out of here right now. And my sister didn t even flinch. Fine! Fuck it! I m out of here! And she left. My sister left at 18 and never came back. That s some gangster shit. I remember that day like it was yesterday. She was in the garage, loading the trunk of her car with all her shit, and I was upstairs in my room. And then my sister yelled up to my room, I love you so much, Joe! And I started crying. And I looked at my mom. I go, She s gonna die! She s gonna die, Mom! And my mom looked at me and goes, Well, then let her die. You want to die with her, Joseph?  I don t want to die! And she left, and she never came back. Then my other sister, Gemma, 18… left. She never came back. My sisters are the shit. The shit! Because I didn t leave till I was 28. Twenty-eight! And even then I wasn t sure I was ready to go. I swear to God. I remember standing at the doorway with a garbage bag full of my clothes, and I looked at my mom. I go, Mom, are you sure you want me to leave? And my mom goes, Yes, Joseph. It s time. It s time for you to be a man now, Joseph. Now move to the garage. And I moved to the garage like a fucking man. Twenty-eight. And then I moved back in at 29. It was cold in that garage. I go, Mom, there s no insulation in the garage. And my mom let me back in. Come back in here, Joseph. That s what she always does. I always had second, third chances. Come back in here, Joseph. I was just joking. I thought you were the comedian. And I moved back in at 29. And then I moved out again at 32. But fuck it. That s what boys do. Shit. My sisters never got a second chance. Once they were gone, that was it. She didn t give a shit. Bye. Don t even call me. You think you can do it? Oh, go. Do it. It s cold out there, huh? My sisters would get into epic fights with my mom. Like, some of the shit they would say… unbelievable. I remember watching those fights when I was a kid. My sister Rowena, especially. Holy shit. Every weekend. Mom, I m going out with my friend. Why do you always question me every time I go out with my friend?  Yeah. Because every weekend, it s a different guy.  Yeah, Mom, it s called dating. I m dating people. I m allowed to do that. I don t go to school anymore. I make my own money. I want to go out and date and have fun. Is that a big deal?  Yeah, but you go out every weekend, just gallivanting with different people all the time.  They re not different people! They re my friends!  Sure, they re you re friends. They re just people out there. You re giving your pekpek away to everybody! You don t even know them. Who wants pekpek? You want pekpek? That s a pekpek for you. You want it? There! It s for free!  Pekpek is pussy. There s some people that got it, but then there s some, like, Is she giving chickens away? Every weekend, she has a chicken and she gives it away? That s expensive. But now they made up. Now they re friends. Best of friends. Seeing my mom and sister make up: Funniest shit ever. Just seeing my mom cry. I just want you to know that… I didn t think you gave your pekpek away to everybody.  Well, I didn t, Mom. It s right here. It s the same one you gave me. Man, I get it, Mom. God bless you. That shit is hard. My son s 13, and it just keeps getting harder and harder. It s so hard. My son is in the seventh grade. God damn it. I want all you new parents to know this right now. When you were in the seventh grade and you weren t smart, you re definitely not gonna be smart when your kid gets to the seventh grade. It s harder. My son and I are failing Math. It s so hard. Now he s getting a C-minus in Math. C-minus in Math. In private school, that s not good. That s failing Math. So, of course, she brings me in for a parent-teacher meeting. Private school. That s what they do. They sit you down because they re concerned. Hi. [chuckles] Mr. Koy. Mr. Koy, please sit down. I don t want to startle you. I want to nip this in the bud. Just want you to know, Mr. Koy, that your son has a C-minus in Math. Uh-oh. Uh-oh. That s not good. What are we gonna do to solve that, Mr. Koy? You need to help me help him. I can do whatever I can over here at school, but when he gets home, you need to crack open that book and start working on those questions with your son. Let s bring that grade back up. Let s do this as a team, Mr. Koy. Come on! And I was, like, You know I m a comedian, right? And I hired you to teach my son math. Uh-oh. Uh-oh. What are we gonna do to fix that? Sounds like you owe me money. If you have kids, take them to public school. That s the only… Public school, please. I m paying college tuition for my son s seventh-grade education. And then I get a call from the principal. Mr. Koy, you forgot to pay your milk fee. You forgot to pay your milk fee, Mr. Koy. I go, I paid the tuition. I thought it was included in the tuition.  No, Mr. Koy, that s separate. I got so mad. I was filling out that paperwork, and I just looked at my son. I go, I can t believe I m filling out paperwork to pay for milk. He goes, What are you talking about, Dad? I go, When I filled out paperwork, it was so I can get free milk. We were poor, Joe. We couldn t afford milk, so my mom filled out paperwork so we could get a free milk. I couldn t wait to get to school so I could actually taste calcium. And it s delicious when it s free. He didn t know what a free milk was, so I had to explain to him what a free milk looked like. I go, Joe, a free milk was a carton of milk that looked like a house from Monopoly. And it had three simple instructions. You pulled the right side to the right, the left side to the left, and then you pinched the middle and pulled it towards your chest, and it s supposed to make a spout. But it never made a fucking spout. So, you turned it to the back and started over. That side had too much glue. You couldn t even open that fucking side. So you just ripped it open in the middle. Now you re drinking milk out of a square box. And when you were done with that milk, you put soil in it and a bean, and you grew a tree. Yeah. Public school. I gotta get my son to be humble. How is my son gonna be humble when I ve been driving him to school? His whole school career, he s been chauffeured to school. He s never been on a bus before. That shit will make you humble. Go to school on a public bus. He doesn t even know what a public bus… I just found out my son doesn t know what a school bus is. We were driving on the freeway, and a school bus passed us, and my son goes like this: Where are they going?  Fucking school, asshole. Who s this dick? He s been going to school… You gotta go to school on a bus. That shit will make you humble. Go to school on a bus with a bunch of kids that hate their fucking life. That was me. I hated my life. I was the last kid on, and I was the last kid off. Hated that shit. Every time I got on, there was only one seat left, and there was always that one kid that didn t want to share the seat. And I d walk up to him. He s, like, You better not even think about sitting here. And I d go, Where am I supposed to sit?  I don t fucking care. And the bus driver doesn t give a shit. You d better sit down back there.  I don t know where to sit. He s not gonna let me sit down. She s getting mad. She s not gonna go unless I sit down. I won t even sit on the whole thing. Just let me… let me sit on the edge. I had to sit on the edge and then hold the seat across the aisle. I went to school looking like I took a shit on the bus. And then he d still fuck with me. Why do you smell like Vicks?  Because I have pneumonia. He s got it so good. I ve got to stop spoiling him. I spoil him too much. It sucks. But the reason I spoil him is because I didn t have shit when I was a kid. We were broke as shit. And now that I can afford it, I m buying everything. And yes, it s for him, but he doesn t know that it s actually for us. All that cool shit he has, I want it, too. I want it so bad. This Christmas pissed me off. I go, Joe, you want a PS4 for Christmas? He goes, No. I go, Why the fuck not? You re selfish, bro. I want all that shit. I want all those toys. And I m holding back, but it s hard. It s so damn hard. We went to the mall. This was, like, seven months ago, eight months ago. And the kiosk with the hoverboards. Oh, shit. And my son got on it like a fucking natural. He just got on and was, like, Oh, my God. Dad. Dad. Dad! Dad! I ve got to have this, Dad. I ve got to have this. And I just looked at him, and this is what I said in my head. I go, Yes, we do. But I was being a good dad. I was, like, No. I can t buy that for you. He goes, Why not? I go, Because you have a C-minus in Math, and I can t reward you for that. Bring the grade up to a B, and I ll buy it for you. My son goes like this: Are you serious right now? And this is what I said, I swear to God. I went like this: I know, right? Why d you fail the test, man? We both left that mall just fucking crying. I wanted that hoverboard so bad. And then I told him, Joe, I ll buy you that hoverboard. I m gonna get you a tutor, and she s gonna help you with your math. You bring the grade up, it s done. So, I get the tutor. This is how shitty of a dad I am. Just for one week with the tutor, he has a quiz the following week. Four out of five right. Doesn t even apply to the grade. And I just looked at him like this: Look at you, Einstein. Looks like we need to go to the mall and get something, don t we? And I got that hoverboard. Oh, I fucking love that thing. I ride it every morning. [bleeping sounds] You want cereal?  Yes, Dad.  I ll be right back. [bleeping sounds] I crashed on that hoverboard. Holy shit. I got wood floors at my house. This is what it sounded like when I crashed. Twice, because I skipped across the floor. And this is how old I am. When I finally landed, this is what I said. I went, Uhh! Oh, fucking hip! Oh, my fucking hip! It s broken! And my son doesn t give two shits about me. He came around the corner and went like this: Dad? Where s my hoverboard?  Fuck you, Joe. Fuck you. Don t buy that hoverboard. I don t even know why they sell it in America. I don t know how they got past inspection. They re dangerous. When the battery s dead, it doesn t even tell you. I swear to God, it just stops mid-ride. And then it catapults you across the living room at 17 miles per hour. I m flying through the air with a bowl of cereal, like, What the fuck?! Shit! Thirteen. God damn it. They grow fast, you guys. He s at that age where he doesn t want to kiss me anymore. It makes me so sad. I hate it. Have a good day at school. He s like this: All right. And I… I don t know what to do now. Turning into a man. I don t like the way God tells you that your son is turning into a man. It s too quick. I m not even mentally prepared for this. I found out last year that he s turning into a man. It sucked. Last year… This is when I found out. He was in the pool, swimming, and I m on the outside of the pool, just watching my son swim. He comes out of the pool. This is what he says to me, word-for-word, when he comes out of the pool. He went like this: This pubic hair is tickling my butt. And when he said pubic hair, he meant one pubic hair. Just one. It s so long, it s tickling his asshole. And I started crying. I go, Why do you have a pubic hair? Why? And that s it. That s it. The pube is here. That was last year. He s 13 now. How many does he have now, 20? I m not ready for that. No more toys anymore. No more of the cute toys he used to play with when he was 11, 12. Transformers, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles… fuck that. He s got a new toy. He s got a new toy that he s gonna love to play with a lot more. He s probably gonna play with it in front of the old toys. And there s nothing I can do about it. I m not prepared for that. My son? Now! This is when it starts! Thirteen. This is when it starts. Shit! And I m gonna catch him. I m gonna catch him. It s inevitable. I m gonna catch my son jerking off. Are you kidding me? And what do I say to him when I catch him? I don t even know what to say to him. What do I say? Stop doing that ? That s fucked up. I m still doing that! Who the fuck am I? Only one guy jerks off in this house. And since I own it, take your little dick outside. This is my lotion. He s gonna get caught. Because boys are sloppy with their work. They re sloppy with their work, and you know what I m talking about. They just… They don t know what to fucking do. Thirteen? [grunts] [grunts] I was the creepiest. When I was 13? Shit. Thirteen… I could eat cereal, jerk off, watch cartoons and look out for my mom at the same time. Just creepy shit. Aah! Shit! It s gross. It s gross, but it s life. This is it. I m gonna catch him. Fuck. He s gonna be so creepy. Boys are creepy with their work. They don t know. The first times that they do it, the first 20 times, nothing comes out, ladies. You do know that, right? It s just you and your friend at a party. And then your friend starts to dry-heave for no reason. [laughing] [grunts] Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. [grunting] Yeah! And that s why we get caught. Because we think that happens every time. And it s not. One day, something comes out, and we don t know what to fucking do. It catches us off guard. We re, like… [chuckling] Blam! Aah! No, no, no, no! Oh, no! Oh, my God! No, no! No! Oh, my God! I m ready for church! You go to church with a come-print on your chest. I want every woman to know this right now. We don t stop. We don t stop, all right? I didn t stop. Been doing it since I was a kid. I got caught by my mom. My mom caught me. Worst day of my life. Worst day of my… And I don t like how quiet it is in this room right now. I really don t. I don t like how every guy is looking at me like: This is kind of disgusting. I don t know what he s talking about. How could he get caught by his mother? I want every guy in this room to know this tonight. You got caught by your mom, too. She caught your dumb ass. She saw it. That s a grown woman. She knows what her teenage son is doing. She just never said anything to your dumb ass. But she found it. Whatever it was you were abusing, she found it. She just didn t tell you about it. She was cleaning your room. And she was, like, Oh, let me get that plate. Oh, that s not a plate. That s a towel. She just… She didn t say anything to you. My mom said something to me, because that s the kind of fucking mom I got. But I thought I was bulletproof. Sock. Genius. Sock. Sock, hamper. Sock, hamper. All week. Sock, hamper. Sock, hamper. Two-a-day Friday. Sock, sock, hamper, hamper. Then Sunday came around. My mom walked into my room. Stop fucking your socks. Are you kidding me right now? You want me to clean it? Fuck you, Joseph. That s disgusting. I ve been throwing all your socks away. You have two pair of socks left for the rest of the year. You fuck those… no more socks, Joseph. You re gonna go to school barefoot like that, huh? The principal will call me. ‘Joseph doesn t have any socks. ‘Yeah, because he keeps fucking them!  We all do it. We all do it. Every guy in here still does it. It s creepy. We ll move on from this, but I just want to keep going. We ve got plenty of time to kill. Every guy does it, though. We haven t stopped. We become better at it. We don t stop because we re creeps, ladies. We re just creepy people. I don t care how long you ve been with your man… five years, ten years, five days… it doesn t matter. That s his shit. I want every woman to know this: The creepiest man in this room tonight is the guy you came with. I swear to God. There s no one creepier in this room. Don t look across the aisle or up in the balcony. He s sitting right fucking next to you. That guy is a creepy, creepy fuck. Don t give it to him for a couple days. Watch him just, Uhh! I don t care how good-looking your man is. When we jerk off, we all look the same. Creepy. By ourselves. One shoe on. Always one shoe on. Look at the toe! Look at the fucking toe! Shirt tucked under the chin. Shirt tucked under the chin. Did you know that, ladies? Did you know your man tucks the shirt under his chin? You want to know why? Because he doesn t want the bottom of the shirt to touch his dick, because he s still gonna wear that shirt for the rest of the day. Creepy fucker s gonna wear his jerk-off shirt to the comedy show tonight. Don t shake anyone s hand in here tonight. I swear to God, the diversity in this room is amazing. I will tell you this right now. I m just gonna be honest with you guys. I m gonna put it all out there. No one is more indirectly racist than Filipino moms. My sister s about to marry her fiance. He s dark. He s dark. Darker than you. My sister got the darkest one. There s black, and then there s nighttime. Andre is nighttime. Andre used to kill it in hide-and-seek when he was a kid. Didn t even have to hide. Just closed his eyes like that. Where are you, Andre?  Right here, motherfuckers. I win again. You should ve seen how my mom acted when she met Andre for the first time. When he walked into the house, my mom went like this. [shudders] Put my purse in the room. Put my purse in the room. I got so mad at my mom. I took her to the kitchen. I was, like, Mom, are you kidding me? Just because he s black, you want me to put your purse in the room? Are you kidding me right now? And then she got mad at me and made me feel like the racist. Some Filipino Jedi shit. She just looked at me and goes, Oh, just because he s black, Joseph, and I told you to put my purse in the room, you think your mother is a racist? Wow, Joseph. Wow. Wow. I would do that with any stranger, Joseph. White, black, Latino, Asian. I don t care. If I don t know you, put my purse in the room. That s a Louis Vuitton. I go, Mom, you know what you did. Stop right now. You re making Andre feel very uncomfortable. And my mom looked at me and goes, I m not making him feel uncomfortable. You are. Bringing me into the kitchen to talk to me. Are you kidding me right now? I m doing everything to make Andre feel comfortable. I m frying chicken, I put basketball on the TV.  Out of everything you could ve cooked tonight, you decided to fry chicken.  Joseph, they love chicken. They love… They love chicken, Joseph. Right when I said that, Andre walked into the kitchen. He s, like, Oh, I m sorry. Sorry. I m sorry. I didn t know y all was in the kitchen. Quick question: Are y all frying chicken? And my mom goes, Yes, Andre. We re… We re frying chicken. But if you don t like chicken, I can… I can cook something else, if… if you don t like chicken. And Andre was, like, Oh, no, no. I love chicken. I eat it every day. And then he walked out of the kitchen. And then my mom looked at me and went like this: [whispers] I told you. That s a very racist… Right? That s racist. Right, black guy? That s a racist… You want to hear the most racist part about that story? Andre doesn t talk like that. I gave Andre an 80s black rapper voice because it s funnier. If you ever meet Andre, he talks like this: Hello. My name is Andre. I made him talk… I love chicken! Who the fuck talks like that? I ve never even met a black guy that talks about chicken like, [rapping] I love chicken, I eat it every day. I eat that chicken in every kind of way. [grunts] She s getting married. My sister s getting married. Shit. That s good, right? How long have you guys been together? [woman] Eighteen years. Eighteen years? Goddamn. Eighteen strong years. You got kids? Two kids? How old are the kids. Eighteen and what? Did you watch the baby come out? Did you watch the baby come out? You better, man. You ve got to watch that shit. That s why a lot of you guys out there… If you don t pay your child support, I want you to start thinking about what happened that day. And remember, that shit costs a lot of money. I give my ex whatever the fuck she wants. I saw that baby come out. Fuck that shit. And a lot of you women need to be more graphic with these guys that ain t paying their child support. Let them hear. Stop being nice about it. Your daughter wants to take ballet classes. She needs shoes and some lessons. Your son wants to play sports. He needs cleats and some gear. Fuck that. Be graphic. Why do I want extra money? Because those kids ripped my pussy apart. Ripped. Ripped. Ripped it. Ripped. It doesn t stay like that. I don t want you to think it s ripped and stays like that. That s the cool thing about the vagina. It comes back together. It s fucking… It s like a Transformer. It s like Pussimus Prime. It s like, Babybots. [grinding] What the fuck?! I saw that baby come out. Fuck that shit. The vagina is beautiful, just not that day. That day, it s its evil twin. It s not even vagina. It s called va-gina.  I am Va-gina. I m delivering a baby. Push, baby. Oh, come out of Va-gina. Push! Oh, here comes the baby! Oh, here comes the baby! Oh, baby! My son s head was hanging out like this. And then she coughed, and he went back in. I was, like, Oh, shit! Her pussy just ate the baby! I just remember my son going, Dad! Dating. Dating, right? It s rough, right? Shit. Here s the thing about dating. All you need is just to be secure. Just be secure and your girl is gonna fucking love you. Stop being insecure. The minute you re insecure and start questioning her, it fucking turns her off. Don t question her every time she goes out with her girlfriends. Where are you going?  I m going out with my girlfriends. I told you that already.  Okay, what time are you gonna be home?  I don t know. Maybe later. I don t know. What the fuck? Seriously? Do I do this shit with you on your fucking guys night out?  I m just saying. I just want to know… [mumbling] They hate that shit. Just be secure and let her fucking go. That turns a girl on. Ignore her. She loves that shit. It pisses her off, and she loves it at the same time. When you don t call her the whole time. It even confuses her when she leaves. I m going out with my girls.  All right, see you.  But are you gonna ask where…  No. Just go with your girls.  All right. That s crazy. Don t call her the whole night. Just ignore her. She ll be at the club, freaking out. Just fucking dancing, looking at her phone. What the fuck? That shit turns her on. Because guys get mad at girls when they go out with their girlfriends. Stop being insecure. Fuck it. If she goes out with her friends, she goes out with her friends. And the guys always get mad. Yeah, but every time she goes out, guys buy her drinks, and then she fucking takes them. No shit! They re free, asshole. Wouldn t you take a goddamn drink for free? If a girl walked up to you… Hey, I d like to buy you a drink, you d be, like, What the fuck? Can you buy my friends some? And if a guy is buying your chick at the club a drink, that means she s one of the hottest chicks in the fucking club. So you should proud of that shit. And don t get mad at her for getting free drinks. That s her hustle. She s hot, and she s getting free drinks from a dude at a club. You don t have to worry about it because she has your back. Every girl that has a man and she s at a club has her dude s back. Swear to God. And you know what I m talking about. She ll keep getting those drinks for free. She ll get them, as many as she can. I m gonna drink free all night. And then, when that question comes: Do you have a boyfriend?  Yeah, he s at home. His name s John. He s black. Bye! Bye. Bye! Thank you! Because that s what women do. They get your back, and you know what I m talking about. Every guy s bought drinks for a girl that had a guy, and you know it. They drop it on you at the last second because that s what women do. So, don t get mad at your girl when she goes out with these guys. Let them go. Let them have as many drinks as they want. Let them fucking get tore the fuck up. As many drinks. Let her get them. As many drinks. Thank you. Thank you. All fucking night. She s gonna get fucked up. And then she s gonna come home drunk, and then she s gonna want to suck your dick… on his tab! What the fuck? This blowjob is free?! Stop being insecure. Let them go. In fact, when your girl goes out, you go out. Don t stay at home. Go get fucked up, too. That s the best sex you ll ever have. You both ignore each other all night, you both get fucked up with your own friends, and then you both come home drunk as shit. That s the funniest shit. And the guy s always the first one home. Babe! Babe! Nobody s home. Then, all of a sudden, she walks through the door, drunk as shit. [chuckles] Hi, baby. She s limping because she has one heel on. Hi, baby.  Hi, babe. Hi, babe.  Hi, baby. Why didn t you text me all night?  I didn t know where my phone was. It s a fucking square right here. That turns her on. Your phone is right there, you stupid. Your phone s right there, stupid. I m gonna fuck the shit out of you. They re drunk and horny. I m gonna fuck the shit out of you. I swear to God. I m gonna fuck the shit out of you. And then he s, like, I m gonna fuck the shit out of you.  I m gonna fuck the shit out of you.  I m gonna fuck the shit out of you. Then you guys walk towards each other, about to fuck each other, but it s not even cute. It just looks like two zombies about to fuck each other. I m gonna fuck the shit out of you.  I m gonna fuck the shit out of you.  I m gonna fuck the shit out of you.  I m gonna fuck the shit out of you.  I m gonna fuck the shit out of you. The woman always gets to the bedroom first, completely naked. Completely naked. Come on, baby. Come on. Oh, I m gonna fuck the shit… This foot completely dirty. This one clean, completely clean. This one… gravel in the heel. Come on, baby. I m gonna fuck the shit out of you. Come on. The man s walking down the hallway, fully clothed. Drunk. Taking his time. He s kind of mad, too, because not only is he drunk, but his dick is more drunk. And he doesn t know what to do, because it s about to happen, but he can t. And drunk guys will talk to their dicks. They don t give a shit. Like, Come on, wake up. Come on. Why are you doing this to me? Let s go. Why are you doing… And their dick is, like, I m drunk, too, asshole. What the fuck do you want me to do? We ll start grabbing blood from anywhere. Don t do this to me. You need to give me something. Don t do this to me. But our dick s our best friend. He doesn t leave us hanging. He gives us something. It s not much, but it s something. It s like half-and-half. Soft on top, hard in the middle. And it s barely holding up. It s just balancing on the balls like this. Try this. This might work. This might work. And we re, like, Are you sure you re gonna work?  Hurry up before I change my fucking mind. And we go to put him in. He s, like, Man, I can t fucking do this. I love you guys. Thank you so much. Finally here You know I m finally here Finally here You know I m finally here I hear these people talking about Where I been I been on tour trying to work it out They talking, like Man, you finally made it, dawg Shit, I m working on copping My second house I remember back when No one wanted to listen Kind of funny who done came and gone But I m still here And I ain t going nowhere Nah, it s my time, homey This where I belong Truth is, I m a savage Flow cold and politely But like a fat chick Fighting with a skinny trick Don t take a brother lightly I know my enemies despise me… You know I m finally here There s no one to fear

COLIN QUINN@THE NEW YORK STORY@2016@[disco music playing] [horn blows] ? Young and pretty New York City girl ? ? Twenty-five, 35, hello, baby, New York City girl ? ? You grew up ridin the subways, running with people ? ? Up in Harlem, down on Broadway ? ? You re no tramp, but you re no lady ? ? Talkin that street talk ? ? You re the heart and soul of New York City ? ? And love ? ? Love is just a passing word ? ? It s the thought you had ? ? In a taxi cab that got left on the curb ? [music continues] [cheering] Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, folks. Folks, thank you. Thank you. [music, applause continue] All right. Stop, folks. Stop! Stop it, folks. Folks. [cheering continues] Enough. I m not kidding. I ll stop the show. I ll stop the show. [cheering continues] Folks, I m not playing games. I ll stop the show. Enough applause. If you want exuberance… This is a New York show. It s not… Exuberance is the West Coast. That s my whole point. Applause is killin this city. Understand me? The West Coast… Exuberant, enthusiastic people… That s what they re supposed to be, cause it s paradise on earth. So they re happy and enthusiastic, perpetually surprised by everything that goes on. Oh. The mountains, the beach. Ah. Everything they do, they ve done it a hundred times. It s like the first time. You wanna go to the store?  Yeah! Midwest… Humble, hard workin . They had to farm. So they got that personality. The South. Very hot. Very polite. Overly polite because, you know, could get a little violent if you re not careful. I don t know about you, but I got a concealed carry permit myself. New England, it s like they re always gettin hit by mist from the water. New York is New York. We re what everybody says we are. Rude, opinionated, pushy, loud, fast-talking, sarcastic, wiseass. But what people don t understand is, what s rude to the rest of the country is polite to us and vice versa. Because, if I go to a pizza place, and like, Gimme a slice. – That s polite. Because… – [laughter] you re not tryin to hold the line. There s a line. You re not tryin to slow… If you go into a pizza place like, Hi, how are you? You must be hot. That s rude. You know what I m sayin ? There s no stools. They want you to walk and eat your food. You have to fold your food and walk. I remember once, when I was little kid, we went to Maine. On, like, a family vacation to Maine. We go to the general store. I wanted to kill myself in five minutes. I was like… You walk in, the guy s like, Oh, haven t seen you around. Sir, who cares? Gimme my… What do you care? Give me my soda. You… visiting?  No, I live here. I m just very shy. It s my first day out of the house.  You new in town?  No, I m the mayor. I just got elected actually. But, um, yeah. New York, it s always like somebody s hurrying you somehow. It s just a rushed kind of vibe. But the thing is it s a pedestrian city too. It s a city for walkers, not cars. That s why you ll notice every car acts like a person, and every person acts like a car. Pedestrians are in charge. They walk like they… You ve seen it a hundred times. They walk in the street, the cars just stop. The driver s like, Ooh, I almost got hit by that person. That was close. It s just a rushed and hurried thing. Even as a kid, in church: Bless me, Father, for I have sinned.  Yeah, yeah, yeah. We know. Come on. Hurry up. Yeah, the New York personality, that s us. So where… Why did the New York personality form? How did all these cultures come together to make the New York attitude? Well, first of all, you have to realize, all the people that came here came here cause they were miserable wherever they were. So now, you know, you got a city filled with miserable people, to begin with. The first people were Lenape Indians. The first people on Manhattan. That s according to them. You re takin their word, which is… You know, they said they were first, but what are you gonna do? Say, We killed the people here before us ? Of course you re gonna say you were the first. And, um… But let s just assume they were the first people here. Already, they had an attitude to the other tribal people cause they had all the seafood. This was headquarters for all the seafood. All the waterways. Give em five bushels of clams, give us 40 cartons of American Spirits. You know… Give em some beads, but get outta here. Canarsies are like, Don t push me. Canarsie Indians. And Ramapough comin in from Jersey on the weekend for some seafood. And… The Lenapes were kinda… They smoked. The only place to get tobacco in the whole world was North America. They invented smoking. Already a New York vibe. They re smoking. Standin up there. Henry Hudson sees them standing there, lookin at him over the cliffs. Northern Manhattan. Lookin at him. Smokin , shirtless. A little homoerotic. You re not imagining that. It s kind of like… Right away, it s not a friendly… When you think of the Dutch comin … The Dutch… pot, prostitution, Amsterdam. This is not those Dutch. This is, like, 1600s Dutch. Everywhere they go, they take it. And they show up with the navy, so it s already not… When you showed up with the navy, that was a statement back then. Cause there s only four navies in the whole world. And the Lenape Indians don t have a navy. Their navies are a couple of strong swimmers, a couple of canoes. So when Holland s like, This is a beautiful place you got here.  Oh. Here it comes. It s not for sale. It s not for sale.  I didn t say if it was for sale. I m just sayin it s beautiful. How about $26? They re like, No.  Twenty-five.  The guy doesn t understand… No.  How about 24? We better say yes. Cause it s gonna get lower than 24 soon. The Dutch just took it. They branded in those… All those names are Dutch names. Bronx is a Dutch word. Harlem, Dutch word. Bushwick, Dutch word. Brooklyn is a Dutch word. Stoop, Dutch word. Yankees is a Dutch word. The word fuck is a Dutch word. I swear to God. So if you see anyone on a stoop in Brooklyn going, Fucking Yankees, they re speaking Dutch. So. Now, you know… You know, it s true. It s true as anything. Right? Um… It s New York. So now you got the smoking. You got people saying fuck. You re starting to get a formation of a New York personality. The surface, you know. But still… But you still don t have that attitude that we all… Everybody from New York thinks they re better than everybody else. Everybody, we think we re smarter. Not just rich people. Poor people, middle-class… This is the only city that has blue-collar snobs. You know. Take somebody, two years of high school, put em in a room with MIT professors, after an hour, you re like, What d you think of them?  They re not New York. They don t … You know. They re… They re educated. I give em that. You know. They re smart, but they don t get it. They got their head up their ass. No common sense, you know. Yeah, we just think… We go on vacation. Everybody else goes on vacation to say, Can you imagine if we lived here? We go on vacation to tell people, Can you imagine if you lived in New York? What do you do? Give me a slice of the pizza. That s not New York pizza. The guy s like, I know. It s Italy.  I don t give a shit what it is. It s not New York pizza.  Gimme that bagel. That s not a New York bagel. You don t know… You have the wrong water. We tell people they have the wrong water. It s not like we live in Minnesota with beautiful lakes. It s our water. We act like, Oh, this is the water. But you still don t have the psychological… the attitude. The superior attitude that we all… That came from the British, you know. Cause the British showed up, and the British in those days, they showed up, it was theirs. Nobody even fought. They re just, like, You know the drill. It s the British Empire. They brought the real navy. They had the Royal Navy, the biggest navy in the world. Peter Stuyvesant is walkin around. Looks in the harbor one day. With his wooden leg, you know. He just turns to his Dutch friends and speaks in Dutch, We re fucked. You understand me? I don t know. And the British were like, You can keep the names of the towns. They re quaint. But lose the shoes. They re the British Empire. Get rid of the windmills, please.  What are you calling it, by the way?  New Amsterdam.  Cause the Dutch named it after their most prized possession. Amsterdam is beautiful. The British rename it after the sixth shittiest city in Northern England. York was always a shithole. Like, we should have been named New London, right? But there already was a New London, Connecticut. But if you ve been to New London, Connecticut, you realize they should be called New York, and we should be called New London. So the British ran it, like I said, all those Protestant churches in Lower Manhattan were Brit… And they just ruled, you know, British style. And they ran until… Revolutionary War, this was still British headquarters. Manhattan was British headquarters throughout the Revolutionary War. So all the… Nathan Hale hung to death on 66th Street and 3rd Avenue, where there s now a Starbucks, of course, on the corner. That doesn t say at all… That ruins the glamour of their death, you know, the martyr. I regret I have but one life to lose for your reduced-fat raspberry scone and your caramel macchiato. You know. So the British ran it. Finally, they re out. Then it became the transshipment point. All kinds of stuff, but smaller groups of people. There was no main group until the Germans. Germans came in in the early 1800s, and they brought that German personality, which is still a part of us. First of all, they brought the delicatessen, which is a German word. And it s the German personality that s still here today, where the customer s not always right. They yell at you. They hurry you. They bully you. Efficiency over humanity. Come on. What do you want? While we re young. Let s go. What do you want? You don t know? Get over there. We re still… We re still the only city that has two lines. One s for people that know what they want. One s for people who don t. And if you get on… If you get on the line that doesn t know what they want, you never get back. It s impossible. Yeah, and that German personality is still there. The abrupt, rude-polite. Where people, like, people from out of town… They ask directions. They re smiling. You re giving them information. Excuse me. Where s the museum?  Excuse me. Where s the subway? People from New York accuse you of information. Like you owe them the information. They don t say, Excuse me, just block you. Where d you get the ice cream? You re like, Holy shit. Then if you tell em, they want a review. Over there.  Is it good? If you say it s good, you have to leave, or they might come back. Where s that guy that said this was good? Yeah, that abrupt, accusatory, Germanic, you know. But most of them left. There s still some Germans… in Ridgewood, compulsively washing their stoops right now. For the most part, they moved to Pennsylvania, Ohio, cause they wanted order, symmetry. The city had no symmetry. All the streets are, like, on top… It was just back… It was… Shantytowns on top of sh… The water was so polluted, people had to drink grog. They couldn t even drink water. Have to drink beer instead of water. Who s gonna move there? The Irish. Yeah. Irish people. The Irish came and they brought the wiseass. When people say, Why do you talk out of the side of your mouth? That came from the Irish people. Cause that s an Irish quality from trying not to get slapped in church, they talk out the side of their mouth. Cause we came here, and we were cynical to begin with. And we re cynical we got here cause there s no Statue of Liberty yet. There was never that poetic moment that the Italians and Jews had. The Italians came. They see New York City. They re already cryin , emotional. And then they look up, and welcoming them is a hundred-foot mother. You know? They re like, Oh, Mama. – So… – [applause] They re like… [speaks Italian] [mock Italian] The Jews were like, Look at this. It s beautiful. The quality s not necessarily… It s obviously copper. It s not bronze. But, uh… They re welcoming you. That s the important thing. The message they re trying to get across comes across. Irish showed up. It was the same docks they just left. [Irish accent] Look at this fuckin … Streets are paved with gold? They re paved with shite. Yeah. We just did what every group did. We brought our history and put that onto it to make sense to us. So we brought it. We made it into parishes. Cause parishes make sense to us. And a parish is just, you know, a church, some Irish people and a bar. Basically. The bar and the church are very similar. There s a lot of stained glass in both. A lot of kneeling going on. There used to be a lot of smoke. You re waiting for the one person to tell you, The mass has ended. Go in peace. Or, Hey, you don t have to go home, but you can t stay here. And, yeah, that s what happened. The Irish showed up, went to the church. What should we do, Father?  You go to the bar. Tell them I sent you, and they ll set you up with you a job. That was Tammany Hall, basically, in a nutshell. The church was the Internet, bartender was the search engine and whatever web site he sent you to, that was your job. You didn t turn it down. They were all Irish Catholic jobs of course. Because they re like, We need a thousand carpenters. If you turned it down: Are you too good to do what Joseph and Jesus did?  No, okay. I ll take it. The fire department started in 1845. They said, We need guys that are willing to run into flames and drag souls out of the torments of hell, and then sit around, 12 of you, and have supper together every night. They re like, I ve seen that picture my whole life. I d love to do it. The police department started the same time. They said, We need you to find people, drag em to a small, dark room, smack em into confession… until they absolve themselves of punishment. They re like, They did that to me my whole life. I ll do that to people. When people say, Why were all the New York cops Irish?  Cause the police academy was Catholic school. Nobody likes to admit it, but a good cop should have the listening skills of a good bartender and the unpredictable violence of a nun. – Now… So… – [applause] The Irish… There s still an Irish vibe. Like, you can tell when you compliment somebody from New York, the Irish influence. You re like, Nice haircut. They re like, Fuck you, what s wrong with it? You re like, No.  I said it was nice.  I know what you meant. So the Irish ran New York for about 40 years. Then 1880, the Jews show up. [groans] And… I think it s safe to say most of the Jews have not physically recovered from their boat trip. They re still… Somethin about that boat. They re still kind of seasick if you talk to them. It s genetically passed down over the generations. A little nauseous. How was the trip?  It was hot. That s how it was. The Jews were the only immigrant group that wanted to be checked for tuberculosis at Ellis Island. Every other group s like, Don t let em touch me with a stethoscope. They ll send me home. The Jews are like, Excuse me. You missed this whole section. I m wondering why. You re supposed to be a doctor. They love their doctor. They came and they worked the sweatshops when they came over. They had to work… All the sweatshops were all Jews. They were the earliest union organizers. They started all the unions. Cause I guarantee somebody must have said,  We need volunteers to complain about conditions. Is there any… Every hand shot up. I was gonna do it anyway. Make it official. And… The Jews don t even consider it complaint. They re just inquiring why you would do it that way when there might be an alternative. Cause they… They came here to not talk. Remember, they re like, Don t talk. The pogroms of Europe traumatized… But after a couple of months, it drove them crazy. I just wanna ask one question. If they tell me to shut up, I ll shut up. And they looked around, you know. We re not gonna get civil servant jobs. The Irish have those locked down. What about what doesn t exist? What about those abandoned buildings? They saved their money from the sweatshops. Show up, Department of Buildings, Irish civil servant. Nobody s asked him a question in 12 years. He loves his job. He ll take a three-hour liquid lunch whenever he feels like it. Then, these two cultures never met. The Jewish guy s like, Excuse me. I m wondering about… We want to buy the abandoned building. He s like, That s the city s. It s not for sale. So, other people just walk away. Irish people are like, Oh.  Just curious. When you say that s the city, is that you? Is there somebody I should talk to? The Irish guy s like, Pushy bastard. Do you believe the pushy fuck? Irish guy tries to scare him. Trust me. You don t want to deal with the city. Paperwork, inspectors, licenses, Department of Sanitation, Department of Health, permits. He thinks he s scaring the guy. He doesn t realize he s turning him on right now. The Jews aren t scared of the paperwork. Everybody else: Get the paperwork done quick. Just sign it. The Jews are like, Whoa, whoa. Don t rush me on this paperwork. Now I am a little suspicious that you re trying to get me past this paperwork. I want my nephew… He s an accountant. I d like him to look at it, too. That s what the Jews did. They came and they saw what didn t… What about that? What about the fish market? You wanna be partners? If you don t, tell me.  I ll be in.  I m doin it.  What about the, uh, vaudeville? That s puppet shows. It s fine for cowboys in Montana. We re supposed to be civilized people here. You know. Cultural Center, Lincoln Center, Carnegie Hall, City Center, all Jews. Not just the people that started. I mean, look on the chairs. Melvin Tannenbaum. Even out here. The Michael and Lenore Schimmel Center. That s where we are right now. You know Lenore was like, You said we were gonna do the thea…  Okay, okay. I ll do it. And the audience is all Jews every night. Right now. The whole audience… No, wait. Wait. Once in a while, a couple of young Asians. Their cousin s a cellist. Otherwise, the whole audience are Jews. So… They like the culture, the intelligen… The New York Times. Eskimos have 30 words for snow. Jews have twice that many for stupid. Schmuck, schmo, schlub, schmendrick. We could be here all day on the sch s alone. And they brought that linguistic thing that we still speak to this day. All of us still speak that, uh, art of complaint. A minor inconvenience in apocalyptic terminology came from the Jews. Like, How was traffic? Bad?  Murder.  How s the line in there?  A bloodbath. I ll be honest with you.  You look hungry.  I m starving to death.  I m dying of thirst right now.  Are you uncomfortable?  I m in agony. I m not uncomfortable. So now you got this Irish and Jewish kind of vibe goin on. Then these Italians are comin ten years after that. They came like everybody else, where they re like, Hey, where you goin tomorrow?  America.  Really? What part?  Maybe you ve heard of it. It s called none of your fuckin business. ‘What part? Mind your business. And… The Italians, they brought the volume. Because the Irish and Jews were still, in the house: Get in here. I m gonna fuckin talk to you. The Italians, no. I d be out playin , my friend, Anthony… Little kids. His father would lean out the window. Anthony. Get in. Dinner. He s like, No, Dad.  No? Shut the window. We all knew what was gonna happen except for Anthony. He d be playin . You know. Every time. His father d come out. You wanna play? Let s play. Let s play for awhile. Beat him down the block. Just beating him. Just knocking him into every car on the block. All the adults are watching. Nobody would do anything. There was no child abuse in those days. People would be like, Hey, watch my antenna. You know. Watch the mirror. Finally, Anthony s laid out like Jake LaMotta in Raging Bull. [crying] His father starts cryin . Anthony, look what you made me do! Anthony s like, I know, Dad.  What are you doin to me? Finally, kiss, hug, walk in. Make up. A mini opera just played out before your eyes. That s the Italians. They re operatic. It s good or bad, high or low. There s no in-between. There s no, The guy s passive aggressive. No. He spit in my eye, basically. You re either the nicest or the worst. Either you re the be… I always use whatever s in the street as the example. He s the most honest… You see them ants eatin that bread? He wouldn t take the bread from them if he was starvin to death.  cause it belongs to them. Or: The biggest piece of shit. He d step over his mother s body for the love of a dollar. This fuckin …  And they always gotta have the cash out to show you… They re very… No wallet. No credit card. Cash. Fuck, this is what it is. They looked at it like a Sicilian village. Like they invented their neighborhood. I mean, they respected the parish to a degree, I guess. But at some point, they try to make the priest a frontman for their bazaar. Hey, Father, we re havin a thing on Saturday down in the basement. We need some foldin chairs. But you don t gotta be around. Leave him alone, stupid. He s gotta get up Sunday mornin . He needs to get to bed early. Here s a few dollars for the collection. Take care. Everything s the collection plate. It s a psychological thing with them because, you know… Milkman, give him a stick of butter. Twenty bucks. They re not makin money off it. They re losing money. Twenty bucks for a stick of butter. It s some psychological thing. They consider it, like, Take care of the guy. Take care. It s money, but it s… Take care. Mailman, take care of him. But then you have to reciprocate. So, if the mailman takes the 20, then he has to treat you a little special. He can t throw your mail in the puddle like every other jerk-off on the block. He ll ring the bell. I took care of your letters.  Thank you. Know what I mean? Cause if he doesn t do that, then… enemy for life. Then, that s it. Thirty years he can work. They re like, There s that mailman. See how he likes deliverin letters with broken fingers, this fuckin mailman. Never forgive. That s it. For the rest of your… Guy s lived on the block 40 years. Hey. Hear the guy across the street died.  Yeah, he s the one that stepped on my wife s foot. What goes around comes around. Drunken Irish bastard that he was.  Hear the guy on the corner passed. He suffered.  He s the one who used to comb his hair in the meat market. Let him rot. Yeah, always vendetta. They like the vendetta. When there s nobody to fight, they turn on the son. The son s too big to fight now. He s grown up. He can t fight him. They re heckling him, still trying to embarrass him in front of the block. Kid s out washin the car. He s like, Look at him, washin the car. Can t even wash his own ass yet, this fuckin ciuccio. You missed the right rear hubcap, you fuckin meatball. Look at this kid. Wash the car, fuckin jamoke over here. Fuckin ciuccio. Half a momo I got for a son.  Half a momo. Which, I still… I still don t know what that is. Half a momo… If it s half a mamaluke, which is an idiot. Or half a homosexual, or some combination of a… It doesn t even matter. ‘Cause the insult… The fraction is the insult. That… It s whatever they say about you, I m sayin you re half of that. How do you like that? They re scared of shit that doesn t scare other people, not scared of shit that… Come to the block beat up. Get the bats. We re goin there now. Everybody get the bats, cause we re going. By the way, notice: Get the bats. Not, Get some bats, or, Do you have any bats around? The bats. They re already pre-positioned, under the stoop. One s behind the door. One s under the tree. On the curb. Back of the guy s trunk. But they don t like new things. Like when 70s yogurt started. Hey, try this.  What is that? What is that?  No, it s yogurt.  Is it all right? Get the fuck out. Fuckin yogurts. Fuckin sick bastard. Yeah. When they like you, you know they like you. They kiss you, hug you, smack you in the face. Punch you in the stomach. When they don t like you, they don t touch you. They touch themselves. Right down the body. He thinks… Let s see what s goin on. I don t say nothin to nobody. [mutters] Che palle. The balls on the fuckin … [imitates spitting] That was always the period. [spits] When they spit. Oh, they came, just about 1930. Then the Puerto Ricans came and brought the pace. When I was a kid, I thought Puerto Ricans were just speaking Spanish because they speak so quickly. But when you get to know Puerto Ricans, you realize they don t speak Spanish. They only speak English… with a Spanish accent very quickly. That s New Yorican. And they understand Spanish cause their parents speak it. But they don t speak a word of it, but… The Puerto Ricans came. In those days, a Puerto Rican building on the corner… Now, people would be horrified. We used to give directions based on ethnicity. Make a lef… Irish bar, the Greeks, the Chinese laundry. The Puerto Rican building on the corner. Now people go, Whoa. How do you know it s a Puerto Rican building?  There are Puerto Ricans outside. They say… They say, What if they re not outside?  Don t worry. They re gonna be outside. The Puerto Ricans… They brought the kind of communal food festival, kind of outside, inside, no real distinction. Outside, inside. The TV s in the windowsill. It s half inside, half outside. The old lady s leaning. Half her body s there. The music s inside, but it s blasting outside. They re pulling a chair down on the rope for the uncle to sit on outside. The ironing board s inside. It comes out. Now it s a card table. There s a fluidity. All together all the time. Just social. Everybody. Multigenerational. Little kids. Old people. Everybody hangs out together. I never saw one Puerto Rican. Just everybody together. Goin up to the… They re goin up to the park like a carnival atmosphere. They got the radio, the grill. They got ice and chicken on sticks. The bandanas and the flags and the little kids dancing. The old lady is dancin . They got the mix of Catholicism and sexuality. A lot of cleavage with a lot of crosses. They got the little girl in the Communion dress holdin hands with the aunt in the halter top. The cousin s driving next to them. Six saints on the dashboard, decal of a naked woman, right next to each other. The door s half open. He s half inside, half outside driving. Yeah. It s all a continuity with them, know what I mean? You go to their house. You think you re there as a guest for a party. They put you to work. They give you assignments. Good. You re here early. Check the stove. Then… go see what s wrong with Grandpa. He won t leave the room. We can t get him out of the room. Then walk the most frightening dog you ve ever met in your life. Then change the baby. Change the baby. Always the baby. Change the baby. The baby… Always baby… She s pregnant. Her face is gettin fat. I think her cheeks… People walk by. They re like sonograms. Look, that s a boy. She s carryin high. They heckle you if you have one kid. Where s her brothers? Her sisters? I don t understand what s goin on. The baby s the star of the family. By the time you re eight, in the Puerto Rican family, you re washed up. It s over. Eighth birthday, you re like, Hey, happy birthday. Okay. Change the baby. It s the circle of life. Then the black people came back in the 1950s. There were black people at the time in Harlem, believe it or not. There used to be black people in Harlem. And… I know it s a shock. Listen to me. 1950s, black people came from down South. Called the Great Migration. Came from down South. So the black kids, we d meet em early 60s. And you could tell right away they had a New York attitude. First of all, they would talk back to the adults. They would talk to the adults like they were the same age. Store owner d be chasing us. He s like, I ll tell your mother. We re like, Oh, shit. Tell my mother? Black girl s like, Tell my mother. I don t care. Get my mother here. Talk back to the cops. The cops would talk like black kids. And the black kids would talk like cops. They d reverse. All the cops, it s, like, the late six… 71. Like, Oh, slick. My man, come here. I wanna talk to you. That s right. I m not jivin you. All the black kids spoke police procedural. Nah, that s a class-D misdemeanor. He ain t gonna get out of the car. That s a 522. Nah. No, that s a Fugitive Task Force. See his insignia? When it s cold… That s the lieutenant. He don t get out. He make the sergeant go out. It s too cold. Yo, Sarge. They re making you get out. And, um, talk back to the teachers? We go to class. Black girls come into class. Eatin SweeTarts, six kinds of candy, like they re at the movies. They come in with candy. They re talkin . Teacher s like, Sit down, Josephine. Be quiet.  Lincoln freed the slaves. Don t tell me to sit down. I wasn t talkin anyway. I was done talkin . I was tryin to listen. The black guys come in five minutes late. The black guys come… When I came in late for class, I d adopt a posture of penance. Like, I know I m late. I don t wanna get called out. Black guys come in like the Medicis comin to check on Michelangelo s progress. Lookin around like… No books, just a No. 2 pencil in the Afro, like, you know… If there s a test, break it out, borrow a piece of paper. Heckling each other. They can t let one physical flaw go uncommented upon. They walk into class heckling. Yo, he got old lady ears. You know. She got a varicose neck right there.  Your glasses is fogged. Better clean off your glasses.  He live in the back of the hardware store, come in smellin like cut keys.  Yo, your book bag is dusty. His book bag. Get it off the floor.  He wear the same shirt every Tuesday. That s your Tuesday shirt, right? Then the teacher d go, Sit down, Antoine.  Tell him to stop wearin the same shirt, and I ll sit down. Shit. Then they d put themselves in whatever the teacher was talkin about. Sit there, like, Shit, if I was Tesla, I d beat Thomas Edison s ass if he steal my idea. Then the girl leader would shut… It would be, Be quiet.  Don t tell me to be quiet, bitch. In those days, they re fightin words. My brother s gonna wait outside and fuck you up at 3:00. And here s the thing. Her brother didn t go to the school. There s no cell phone. You couldn t text anybody. Somehow, at 3:00, her brother d be outside waitin . With, like, a… The kid with muscles over a dashiki. So he was a badass. But that girl was, like, the leader. She d get em all quiet. Shut up! Let the teacher teach. Go ahead, teacher. Teach. She was just over it all, like… Unless the teacher said something they didn t like. They d all hiss. Then we became the land of the free.  Sss, land of the free. Yeah. So that s the original… The people I was talking about till 1965. Black, Puerto Rican, Italian, Jewish, I… Like, that s the original New York personality till 1965, whatever. And it s opinionated, loud, pushy, cynical, fast, you know… And, of course, politically incorrect. In those days, people spoke ethnically. A little, you know… Obviously, it s better today. There s a lot less racial tension now. – [loud laughter] – But, what I m saying… In those days, the first thing people said was racial. The first question they d ask you… What are you? And you d have to answer. They d ask your ethnicity first. Forget about avoiding… Now, try to get a white person to say black.  What race was he? They re like, Oh, God. Oh, shit. This is bad. This is bad. This is bad, huh? In those days people would go, What are you? You could only be four things at that time. Black, white, Puerto Rican or Chinese. That was it. If you tried to be something else, people would dismiss it. You re like, Well, I m half Honduran and half Filipino.  You can be Puerto Rican or Chinese. So make a decision. In those days, first of all, prejudice and racist, two different things. Racist, systemic. Prejudice, individual. Some people would be prejudiced, but systemically, they were fair. The store owner would be, Hey, wait your turn. You re not next. Get in the back of the line. The colored lady was next. So… Individually, he was prejudiced. Systemically, he was fair. We had the black bus driver, hated white people. And, like I say, New York characters, the point of those New York characters, is that most of them are prejudiced. That s part of the charm… Nice people are very nice people. Sincere, like I said. They re supposed to be sincere. Boring. Not the most exciting people you re ever gonna meet. You gotta have a little bit of a crummy at… We had a black bus driver, hated white kids. We rode public busses to school. Sometimes you d get him. You were excited. Everybody on the bus liked it cause it was a little bit of a story instead of the usual nice driver: Hi, come on on. I d get on, try to make my friends laugh, pretend I couldn t find my bus pass. Sir, I know I have it here somewhere.  You better have it. You ain t gettin on this goddamn bus without it. You white people run this country. You don t run this bus, unfortunately for you. I know you think you do, but you don t. I m like, Sir, it s here.  You little cracker, I know what you re doin . I recognize you.  Sir, it s here.  You goddamn devil. Get in the back of the bus. And he d be yelling, White devils! I know what you do! Everyone s like, Whoa. Laughin . It wasn t a commission-forming moment back then. But now, even nonethnic thing… People are very touchy. The New York characters. The obnoxious fan at the game. You can tell they re influenced by society now. Hey, ump! You re crazy! No offense to anyone with mental illness in their family, obviously. Obviously, it s a serious issue. We need more funding for research. Hey, ump! Why isn t there more funding for research for mental illness? Cranky old ladies. Turn that music down, you little bastards. Unless it s a legitimate form of social protest, in which case, I understand. The construction workers… girls walk by. Now they re like, Whoa. Look at that strong, independent woman. Nah. I know girls are like, Bullshit. They still harass us. Okay, fine, ladies. Yeah, because all those pe… It s also the Internet, obviously, took away a lot of New York characters. Because, like, Yelp, perfect example. Yelp was a person. Now you read: I didn t like this place. In those days, you wanted to find out if the deli was good, some guy was human Yelp. He d come in. Gimme a sandwich. Whoa. He s not makin my sandwich anymore. This kid, he s stingy with the relish. This little… You make it. Like he s givin the guy a treat. You make it from now on. Directions, you know. Now you got Google Maps, Waze. Five… It s dispassionate. Make a left. Go 500 feet.  Stop. Make a U-turn.  Congratulations, you ve reached your destination. In the old days, you had to find directions guy. Every couple of blocks, there was a guy, pretty effective, be out there. Miserable. Didn t get along with his wife. So he was always standing outside, waiting… for somebody. You pull up. Hey, this guy looks like he knows where he … Where you tryin to get to? He had to shame you. Part of the ritual. You re like, The Van Wyck.  The Van Wyck?  How d you get here if you re tryin to get to the Van Wyck? You can t even answer that question. He starts tellin other people. This guy s tryin to get to the Van Wyck. This guy s not helpful. Where s he comin from? What does that have to do with it? The Van Wyck. The whole block s embarrassed. Then he starts grandstanding cause he s got you now. The kids are in the back. You kids okay with this guy drivin ? Shut up. And, yeah. The difference was, like I said, negativity. That s what makes humorous characters. New York was supposed to be a negative town. A city of misery and complaint. That s the whole point. And the positive people were the psychopaths back then. Cause they just came out of some program. You d see them on the streets. How you doin ?  I m doin great. How are you? I should ve crossed the street. I forgot this… I heard your girlfriend left you.  Blessing in disguise. [groans] Heard you lost your job.  Best thing that ever happened to me. Oh, Jesus. Now people try to be positive. I see them all the time. They come, move here. My building… Guys get in the elevator, fuckin lacrosse equipment. What s up, man?  Nothin .  So what s goin on?  Same thing that s up, coincidentally. Nothing. This guy goes to me the other day, I swear to God, in New York City… It was sunny. How much are you lovin this sun?  Not as much as you are apparently, cause… you seem to be loving it like an Aztec priest after an eclipse. Calm down. I ve seen the sun, like, 2,000 times. I m over it. I ll be honest with you. I got it when I was young. The sun. The only thing that does create New Yorkers out of all the people that move here, thank God for the true misery creator, right here, this makes… You take… if you can t see it. This… takes nice, Midwestern girls, peppy, life coach, motivational speaker personalities… Nine months, you re walkin , that hits your hips, like eight times a… Like six times a month, you re like, Shit. Oh, yeah. I m rat in a rat race. I forgot.  Cause you can take the nicest girls. They re all chirpy, happy. After nine months on that subway… One day, you re on the subway, they re on the subway, you hear the announcement. Sorry for the delay. Someone jumped on the tracks and killed themselves. And they re like, You gotta be shittin me right now. What the hell?  Cause it s ugly. That turnstile… First of all, no one ever lets you in. They re off the train. They don t need to hurry, and they still won t let you go in when you re tryin to catch the train. You have to wait for somebody whose eyes look weak and vulnerable enough. You have to make em… Some middle-aged Canadian tourist lady, and you re like… [grunts] Yeah. That s not nice. She s like, Sorry. Oh, my God. Yeah, you re sorry. And you go down to the train. The train closes in your face. I hate… The train close… Movin away. People just look at you. They don t even look like, Sorry. They just look at you like… Or if you re on the local and the express is there, and it just pulls away. Instead of waiting the extra 30 seconds till people can get off. Come on. Unless I m on the express. Then I m like, Let s go! Quick, before…  You hope the conductor doesn t see the local comin for some reason. Like, Eh, let s go. Yeah, cause I think I m better than people if I m on the express. I think I m better than the people on… I mean, literally, they walk across the platform tryin to catch… They look like suckers, like this. Fuckin idiots. [grunts] Pleading eyes. Weak. And the subway in the old days, it was so psychotic. There was more of a bond. It was more of a community. Like, no guy would ever sit if a woman was standing. Cause, you know. The guy could be 103 years old, just got out of the emergency room, still got the hospital bracelet on. Female Olympic athlete. Everybody s like, Get up. Give her your seat. Now, guys, because of the iPad, they can pretend they don t see. Got the headphones, sitting there. A woman s nine months pregnant. The fetus is kickin me in the forehead. He s like, I didn t feel it.  You don t feel that, you son of a bitch? Here s the difference. The subway now… There are poems on the subway. The MTA puts up the darling buds of May.  The city awakens from its slumber of winter. In those days, the MTA put up signs all over. Saw them a hundred times. Remember, it s chain-snatching season. So… So tuck your jewelry into your clothing and turn your rings around so the stones don t show. That s the mentality. It wasn t: It s chain-snatching season, so if you see something, yell for a transit cop, the conductor. No. It s: It s chain-snatching season. Somebody s about to get robbed. Make it not be you. Better them than you. Tuck your shit in so it s not you. It s gonna happen, but it might not happen to you if you tuck shit. The subway was so bad, people would blame you if you got jumped. You d come back, cut. I got jumped on the subway.  What happened?  I was on the last car.  Last car? You deserved what you got. Only an idiot would go on the last car. Even the transit cops wouldn t go on the last car. They d be like, Is that the last car? I m not going in. The whole city had, like, this other vibe. All the things you say now, the associations then were… A talk show host would be like, I was in Central Park. Everybody would be like, Oh-ho. That was a joke that you got mugged. Not at night. Like, anytime. Central Park. If you told somebody, I saw your mother on 42nd Street, they would physically try to kill you. That was the biggest insult you could say. Your mother was on 42nd Street. People would fight all the time over that. Now, they d be like, Yeah. She works … The New York Times building is there. They got the Graduate Center. She s doin something with Playwrights Horizons. I don t know. Times Square was freakin … Times Square, you d get off the train. Port Authority, walk outside. The pimps would be lined up like Citi Bikes. They d be lined up where the Citi Bikes are now. All of them just standing there. A couple of empty slots. 42nd Street was porno, drug dealers, and then, like, 20 shirtless guys with nunchakus. Cause there were five martial arts stores on 42nd Street. Guys standing there swingin nunchakus. Everybody s just watchin . People go to a play. Nobody went out to dinner after the theater in New York. Nobody stayed in Times Square. People wouldn t even applaud. They re like, That s the end of the show. Let s go. Come on. Yeah, it was psychotic. I mean, people started to accommodate criminals. People told you, Bring 20 bucks with you.  Why? What if I get jumped? Because the mugger started to know. People aren t gonna bring money? We ll kill a few people. They started killin people for havin no money. So you d bring mugger money. That s what they d call it. The muggers knew about it too. Gimme your money.  I left my wallet home.  You got your mugger money, right?  Of course I do. I mean, I m not… Yeah, people started writing notes to the car thieves. You re writing no radio and putting it in the car. I m not sayin one day. I m sayin the whole city did for 20 years. No radio.  Who s that for?  The car thief. I corres… Puttin correspondence with the car thief. Could have had their own stationery. Would ve made a lot of money. The car thieves would read it. They d be like, Come on, man. It says ‘no radio. Can t you read? Let s go The city was a hellhole, but it seemed more authentic. The people were more down to earth. Like, the difference between Mayor de Blasio and Mayor Koch. Two mayors of New York. Mayor de Blasio gets up there. And just… We need crucial, critical, fundamental steps to remedy and measures to address some of the challenges and the obstacles that we face. Once in a while, he ll throw a little New York thing in. As we New Yorkers say, ‘Forget about it.  [groans] Koch was always in a wrinkled shirt. He just got out of… He d be at the Kew Gardens Senior Center. You know. Some old lady s yelling at him. You promised us last year there d be a stoplight on Parsons Boulevard. Well, I haven t seen anything. He d just start yelling at you. Lady, you oughta get your head examined.  You have a screw loose. There s no money. You re not getting that. You wanna cross Parsons Boulevard? Run. I m running across right now to get the hell outta here. He had no bodyguards. Just get on the E train by himself. These ladies make me sick. I ll never go back to Kew Gardens again. Yeah. The New York personality. The cynical, opinionated, brutal, loud… You d think it was gone. No. That s the only immigrants that make it here, if you ll notice, are the ones that have all those qualities. They re not, Hey, tired, poor. They got a shit attitude. That s how you make it. Starting with the Greeks. They came in the 60s. Rude-polite, that s what they do. They were rude-po… Turnover. Their whole business in their diners was turnover. So they re welcoming you in, but kicking you out at the same time. They re like, My friend, I love it. I know. Eggs, bacon, home fries. You like the French fries better. Give him the home fries. Give him the check. Come on, let s get him out of here. The fuck outta… Come on. Kick him. They loom over the stool. Send him to the cashier. They always blame the cashier. She s the only non-Greek in the place. She d have the bouffant hairdo and the cat glasses. You know. You think she s just some old lady. She was an Instagram star today back in the 50s. Like a real hottie. Like a Miss Subways runner-up. The hand job queen of Ebbets Field or some shit. She went to high school with everybody from… the real goodfellas. She s like, Yeah, they were cowards. My boyfriend beat the shit outta half of those guys. You can t be nice and last in the city. I witnessed it. Haitians and Jamaicans got to New York in the early 70s. Right away they had to be tough. The Haitians, first of all, they were fearless. They weren t tough, just fearless. Nobody could hit them harder than their father. Their father would come up to school and beat them in the middle of class. [Haitian accent] Who are you to disrespect these teachers? They weren t scared of any kids. They d just quote the New Testament.  By scribe and Pharisee, you do not intimidate. The Jamaicans would quote the Old Testament. [Jamaican accent] Abraham and Jacob. And Jamaicans… Fun historical fact. Jamaicans were the first black guys it was socially acceptable for white girls to date. Before it was okay to date black Americans, I heard it all the time: She s goin out with a black guy.  He s Jamaican.  Oh. I don t know why. Pot. Bob Marley. I don t know, folks. I just report it. Then, um… the Chinese and Koreans came. Notice, the Japanese had to go to Fort Lee. They couldn t stay in the city. Cause they were polite, tryin to be friendly. Chinese are not on a charm offensive, to put it mildly. First of all, they kept the Lenape Indian s cigarette thing going. When the rest of the city abandoned smoking… You go to any one of the four Chinatowns in New York, it s like they never heard of Mayor Bloomberg. Yeah. There was Giuliani and then this guy de Blasio.  There was a guy in the middle.  Don t worry about it. Not friendly. They re workaholics. Workaholics aren t frie… Koreans. They tried to make Koreans… Remember in the 90s? Koreans are unfriendly. They gotta be friendly. They tried. They had classes to try to be friendly. But it s just not what they do. They try. Hot enough for y… I can t do this. I can t. I got four hand trucks to unload. They just wanna work the whole time. No one s ever leaning at the Korean deli. Nobody s ever leaning. You got a 40-year-old guy stocking the shelves. Twelve-year-old girl s working the register doin her homework. The 100-year-old grandfather sittin on a crate, pickin snow peas at 2:00 in the mornin by himself. Once in a while the manager… here s the vacation… after a 20-hour shift, walks out and leans on his own body weight for ten seconds. Then they re like, Break s over.  I know. The only friendly thing they did, they brought flowers. There were no flowers at the bodegas before… The Koreans just showed up with flowers in the 80s. They must ve thought that was enough. But they don t go near them. They make the Mexican guy guard them. Mexicans do every job nobody else will. Even among the immigrants, I m sayin . Like, all the immigrants make fun of how lazy we are as Americans. Like, Oh, I hurt my foot. I need a vacation. I m American. Mexicans make fun of how lazy the other immigrants are. That s how much they work. They re like, I only put 18 hours in. I m Korean. Dominicans. Dominicans came over. First of all, Dominicans came over 1980, 81. They had the Puerto Ricans goin , Who are these people blasting music, staying up all night? I m tryin to sleep. I like a party. A party s a party. There s a time and a place for a party. And they re speaking Spanish. I understand it, but I don t speak it. The Dominicans, they made themselves right at home when they came here. Because the first non-Lenape Indian… The first immigrant resident of Manhattan was a Dominican, a Dominican trader named Juan Rodriguez. That s a true thing. Some trader who s like, [Dominican accent] I come to trade. You don t wanna trade. I don t wanna argue with you, but I came here. I bring sugar. And you wanna hand me… I don t want beads. I go home and then… They re gonna think it s gang-related. I don t fuck around. Some Dominican, he was the first Manhattan resident, basically, except for the Lenape Indians, was a Dominican trader. Russia… How do you think Russians lasted here? They re more sarcastic than all of us. You ever try to small talk a Russian? I m at the Sheep s Head Bay train station. Beautiful Russian girl. Boy, this train is late.  Yes, and mindless chatter will not accelerate. Yeah. Albanians? Albanians, big part of New York. I m not even gonna say anything about Albanians. And that should say everything you need to know about Albanians. You know. East Indians? East Indians. Friendly everywhere else. New York? They had to learn how to fight. And I m saying… They fight. They ll never raise their voice. But they always gotta get the last word. The guy s outta the store. The trouble s over. They gotta get a shot. It brings them back. The guy s drunk. He s like, Fuck you, Bin Laden. He s like, Okay, sir. Go and smoke crack. I don t know where you re gonna…  The guy s like, What did you just fuckin say to me?  Nothing, sir. Please leave. I don t want trouble.  Just shut up.  All right. You are uneducated person. I understand. Even you go in jail, your family happy and relieved too. Arabs. When I was growing up, there were a lot of Arab candy store, grocery stores in Park Slope. And all the Arab stores… Even as kids, we knew, don t rob the Arab store unless you absolutely… The other stores banned you or something. All the other stores, you run out with the candy. You shopli… The owner runs three feet. He s out of breath. I m callin the cops. Arab guy… First, you go in the store, there was never anybody else in there. It s always deserted. He s 130 pounds, lookin at you. And then he realizes, these kids aren t buyin anything. They re here to shoplift. You see a look come over his face. It wasn t fear. It wasn t anger. It was, like, calm. Just like, I see. Now, my destiny is this. Usually, I d chicken out right then. Once in a while you re like, Aw, screw that, and run. He starts chasing you. You turn around two blocks later, still chasin . You drop the candy. He doesn t stop for his own candy. Cause now it s not even about that. It s about a principle. You know, like a… Code of Hammurabi. Like, his store… It s like eye for an eye. Tooth for a Three Musketeers bar. You know. But that was the beauty of New York was… It still is. You can go into a store, you re in another country. You walk in. The guy s Pakistani, got a beard down to here. In the back, the uncle. Everyone s sittin on crates playin a card game that was outlawed during the Crimean War or some shit. You know? And, gettin a cab… Before stupid Taxi TV… Every time I d go in a cab, you re in a different country. The guy s, like, on the phone to Senegal. There s some music playin from Central African Republic. There s a little amulet from, like, his village when he left. They re like, Good luck. It s a big deal. It s a drama… To him… Like, you see him, he s livin , like, five people sleeping in shifts. But he goes home once a year, Senegal. He s like LeBron when he went back to Cleveland. He s the star of the village. They re like, I told you he was gonna come back. You said he wasn t, see? The amazing thing is everybody from every country packed in a little city. One-hundred-sixty languages in Queens alone. But you re not supposed to mention ethnicity of course. That s the other problem. You just have to vaguely look around and golf clap. If you see something, you re not supposed to have a reaction to it. Even if it s another culture and it shocks you at the beginning. Forgive me. If I m walking on Roosevelt Avenue, and I see a couple of Ecuadorean guys in cowboy boots, carryin 50 slaughtered guinea pigs on Sixth… I ve seen it. Like Apocalypse Now. Just all these skulls of guinea pigs. I reel back, almost knock over the guy on his prayer mat, doing his call to Mecca next to the food cart. If I go, Oh, my God, a well-intentioned white person scurries over to explain cultural relativity to me. You know… hillbillies also cure their food, and they re hyper-religious. I don t know if you realize. So you shouldn t say … I m like, Thank you. Where once I was blind, now I can see. Thank you. Until you came along, I don t know what… Because they want, you know, everything to be authentic, artisanal, vinyl, but when it comes to ethnicity, go generic-speak at all times. I was in Brooklyn once. This kid got mad at me. He s like, You see somebody pass here?  What d he look like?  What d he look like? He had a green shirt, a brown tie, blue jacket.  What color was he?  I don t see color, all right? I mean, if you don t want to see color, go to Brooklyn. It s 100% white now. When did that happen? I mean… Brooklyn s so white, they have Black Lives Matter protests, half the protesters are white, in Brooklyn. I ve seen white kids yelling, Black lives matter, at black cops. And they re tryin to… They re tryin to say… They re tryin to say, I m tryin to protect you from yourself. I go on the L… When I was a kid, L train… Wouldn t go near the L train. You couldn t catch me on the L train. You know… I go on the L train now, 2:00 in the morning, it looks like a ski lift. Kids with iPads out. IPads, cell phones. Like, $400, in their hands. When I was growing up, any train, immediately, your money in your underwear, your bus pass in your… Now, they re sittin there, $400 basically. A train full of kids. And you know there s gotta be one guy who was in jail since 1979. Just got out. He s on the L train goin to stay at his mother s. And he was, like, the hardcore gangbanger. He s, like, the guy that killed Mike Tyson s pigeons. He s just half asleep and wakes up and sees a car full of white kids holding $400 in their hand. He probably just starts crying. This is all I ever wanted when I was a… I had to go to the Upper East Side to find white people. In those days, there were no blond people. The only blond people were… Greenpoint was all Polish. But nobody ever saw it. You just heard about this place called Greenpoint. Nobody would be on the G train. That was like, What are you doin ? G train? It s packed now. In those days, it was deserted. And Polish people, who also contributed a lot… They were big immigrants. They contributed a lot to New York. I didn t talk about them. In those days, people would make Polish jokes. Talk about stereotype. They used to say Polish people are stupid. That was the big joke. Polish people are stupid. Cruel. And why? There s not even a reason for it. Why? Because they said, We want to live in the neighborhood that s so close you can almost touch Manhattan, but by train it takes two and a half hours? I don t know. I m sure they have their reasons. They have their reasons, folks. It s not for us to say why they did. They have their thing. I ll tell you a Polish joke right now. It won t be the same, but it ll still be funny. Times change. You wanna be sensitive. Here s the Polish joke. A Polish guy… See right away, even that seems tone-deaf to me. No because there s gotta be a guy in the joke. Like, a Polish guy… Could be a girl. Let s say it s a girl. A Polish girl. A Polish girl. Hey. Hey. Let s open it up for that matter. A Polish member of the LGBTQ community. A Polish member of the LGBTQ. No. I tell you what. We ll bring it back. This ll cover… A Polish guy, but he self-identifies as a Polish girl. All right? Forget it. We ll start… A person of Polish extraction. It has nothin to do with the punch line anyway. If I have to rely on that for the punch line, where s the… A person of Polish… And when I say Polish, obviously, it s a little reductive to the rest of Eastern Europe to say Polish. No, because Eastern Europe, there s a… I don t want to marginalize the rest of Eastern Europe. Cause that s punching down. And comedy never punches down. It only punches up. I ve read that from 50 people that never did comedy. They all said… [laughter] What? All right. Listen. Here s the joke. I m not telling this again, but you can tell this on the way home. A featureless, colorless, nonsectarian… non-gender specific… person… of indeterminate origin… walks into a bar. Um… When you re careful and nice and sincere, that s fine. It s not funny. Funny. New York was clumsy. New York s, like, the city… It s just reckless. It s impulsive. It s accidental. The whole city is an accident. This whole city was an accident. It wasn t even supposed to… Henry Hudson, the explorer that started this whole… He was on his way to China. He was tryin to find China. I swear to God. He got lost. He s comin down the river. Here s the Lenapes lookin at him. What s this? He comes over. They re like, What s up? He s like, I m lost. I don t know where I m goin .  You re lost? Where you tryin to go? He goes… He goes, China.  You re tryin to go to China. [laughter] [applause] [rock music playing] ? To the left and to the right, buildings towering to the sky ? ? It s outta sight ? Thank you. Thank you. ? In the dead of night ? Good night, guys. ? Ooh ? ? Here I am, and in this city ? Thank you. [murmurs] ? With a fistful of dollars ? ? And, baby, you d better believe ? ? I m back, back in the New York groove ? Thank you. ? I m back, back in the New York groove ? Good night. Thank you, upstairs. Thank you. Thank you. ‘Night, guys. ? I m back, back in the New York groove ? Thank you, folks. ? Back in the New York groove ? ? In the New York groove ? ? In the back of my Cadillac ? ? A wicked lady, sittin by my side, sayin  Where are we? ? ? Stopped at Third and 43, exit to the night ?

JOE MANDE@AWARD-WINNING COMEDY SPECIAL@2017@Awesome. How s everyone doing? My name is Joe Mande. I m a comedian, and in two weeks, I am shooting my first one-hour comedy special. It sounds stupid to some people, but I take comedy very seriously. We forgot Domino s delivered pizza. That s funny. It s my life. I eat, breathe, shit and fuck comedy. That s why this special is such a big deal for me. I have to get it just right, and I think if I can live up to my potential… I can win the American Humour Award. It s the most prestigious award in comedy. All the legends of this industry have won it: Whoopi Goldberg, Seinfeld, Todd Barry. The list goes on on and on. And as you can see, I made some room right here on my bookshelf for the American Humour Award trophy. Kind of lonely there right now, but it II look good. Well, thanks for meeting me, guys. I thought, since we re friends and you both have won the American Humour Award, I thought I could get a little quick advice from you. You think you can win an American Humour Award in your first special? – Um, yeah. – He has the personality, first of all. When he walks out, everybody s gonna like him. The judges are gonna like him. You re aware there are judges? But the judges… It s not just about him and the material. It s the set design, it s his wardrobe. The intro is huge for the judges. You know the judges are gonna be there? I just need to know what I need to do to win. What s the process? This is what the judges want out of an intro. For real. Smart, smart. Yeah. – You re shooting in New York? – Correct. Black-and-white, slow-mo, shots of the city. You and the city and the people and the traffic and the… – Yeah. – All that shit, like hot dog carts. – Yeah. Taxis. – Horses. So really just emphasize that I m in New York. – You re Jewish, right? – I am Jewish, yeah. – Shit. – All right. – You need ten applause breaks. – At least ten. – And you cannot space them too close. – Ten applau… – Right. – Oh, my God. – And the most important thing. – The director. – The director. Okay. – Make sure you get a wonderful… the best you can get. Who do you know? Who are you using? I was thinking about getting my buddy Dan. – Who the fuck is Dan? – Your buddy Dan? He did a pilot last year. I heard it was good. – I don t think so. – This is gonna sound mean. You re nothing, you re nobody, you re kind of a piece of shit. – That seems mean. Yeah. – That s mean. You re gonna need to get a director that has a name. Okay, I need a famous director. – Yeah. -1964. I won. That s the first time I won. I had a very famous director. Joel Schumacher. You might have heard of him. ‘Cause I had done Batman Forever with him. -1984, Kevin Costner directed it. – Damn. And 2004… McG? – Of course. – McG, yeah. – McG directed your special? – Legendary. Yeah. Tell you what, working with McG, man, he lets you do what you wanna do, has fun, and he just loves to laugh. – Can I get McG, you think? – You got all you need. You don t need us. You re gonna be fine, and if not, fucking who cares? Are you all right? I ve never seen you miss like that before. I m really distracted. I m sorry. I m shooting my special next week, and I still haven t found a famous director. – Oh, man, that sucks. – Yeah. I ve asked everyone. I ve asked Ang Lee, Michael Bay. Even the Wachowskis to do, like, some crazy, like, futuristic trans thing. They re not into it. How do you even, like, get in contact with those people? It s real easy. You just write an e-mail to, like, stevenspielberg gmail.com. That doesn t seem like a very good system. Really? What s your e-mail again? – Blakegriffin gmail.com. – Exactly. It should work. I don t know what the fuck s wrong with these people. It just doesn t seem that hard to direct a stand-up special. How I would do it, just two cameras, one close up, one head-to-toe. Put one on a jib, just let it rock and roll. – Sure. – You know? You don t need a famous person to direct your special. Dude, you re right. I don t actually need a famous person to be there. Well, that s not what I said. No, it s exactly what you said, and it s brilliant. I m gonna say Roman Polanski directed my special. I don t think that s a good idea, man. It s your idea, and I appreciate it. It s a lie. – He could sue you. – Oh, my God, I wish he would sue me. Are you kidding? He d have to come back to America. He d get arrested. I m a national hero. Please promise me, for my sake, please, don t do this. Blake, look, man. You re my best friend. – You know that. – That s true. – I m not gonna do it. – Thank you. – Probably will just make people upset. – Exac… Thank you. Hey, I ve been meaning to ask you, um… Do you think maybe I could shoot a couple today? – What do you think we re doing here? – You re right. That was stupid. – Yeah. – Okay. Here you go. Wow. Still got it, man. I knew you had it. Can t wait to see the special. Oh, I see him, I see him. Hi, Joe. Uh, your show starts in two minutes. Damn. Guess you could say it s my time. ? I m better than everybody I m better than everybody ? ? I m better than everybody Shut up ? ? I m better than everybody I m better than everybody ? ? I m better than everybody I m better than everybody ? ? Gills on my neck, bitch Call me Kevin Costner ? ? Mad cause I m dead, ho Call me Laura Palmer ? Thank you. Thank you. Holy shit. Man, come on. New York, thank you. So cool. Unprompted. People stood up unprompted. Mark that down. Thanks for coming out. Holy shit. New York, how s everyone doing? Good? So excited to be here. Um… So I, uh, look, I m ethnically ambiguous. Whoo. No one could quite tell what I am. It s interesting. And I grew… I ve lived in big cities most of my life, and what I ve learned is that, wherever I m at, people just sort of assume I m one of them. Does that make sense? I used to live in Brooklyn in a very, like, Puerto Rican neighborhood, and the whole time I lived there, everyone thought I was Puerto Rican. I have a pit bull, so that helped, you know. But if anyone was trying to get my attention on the street, they d be like, Hey, ¡papi! ¡Papi!  And l d turn around all confused like, What? Me? You think I m a papi? No, no, no. You re mistaken. I m the furthest thing from a papi. Listen to how I say papi. Uh, about four years ago, I moved to Los Angeles. I moved to a neighborhood called Little Armenia. So everyone thinks I m a little Armenian, which was… I don t know, that s fine. One of my best friend in Los Angeles is a black woman. Not to brag. We ve been coworkers for years, and she just told me recently that for the first six months we worked together, she thought I was black. Do you understand? A black woman was like, Yeah, I thought you were a light-skinned black guy. And I looked at her, I was like, Aisha, for real… that s the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me. I m a 33-year-old Jewish man. That s all I ve ever wanted in my life was a candid moment with a black person where they re confused like, What? You re not… I thought you were black. Like, confetti cannons went off behind me. Camp Lo Luchini started playing. It s a black song. I got married about a year and a half ago to a human woman. Thank you. Did it. Did it. Um… The thing is, before we got married, my wife and I, we dated… dated for over ten years. Oh, my God. Yeah, I know. It s too long. I was told that s too long. I don t know what my deal was. I was dragging my feet. I don t really have an excuse other than I tend to overintellectualize things, and whenever she brought up marriage in conversation, I would sort of be like, Well, why does the government have any say if we love each other? I was, like, that asshole. But then I woke up one morning couple years ago, I looked at her, I was like, I love this person. I want to spend the rest of my life with her, and I don t want to risk losing her and go back to wearing a condom. No. Absolutely no. So that was my proposal. She said yes. One of our favorite things to do when we first started dating years ago was that we would go home and watch dating shows. It was, like, our thing, and, uh, I think my favorite TV show of all time, I don t know if anyone remembers it, was a dating show on MTV called Next. Yeah. Some Next – heads in the crowd. Not only, to me, is that the best TV show of all time, I think, for real, it was the peak of humanity. Like, you can t tell me that things have gotten better since Next was canceled. It s all gone, like, straight to the toilet. Next was the best. If you re not famil… Next was a dating show on Music Television… and the way it worked was MTV would find, like, a young 19-year-old girl. She d be like, Hi, my name is Crystal. I m 19 years old, and I m looking for a husband. And MTV would be like, Crystal, great news. We found three guys. They re perfect husband material. They re all deejays from San Diego.  And they ve all been pounding flavored vodka in the back of this party bus all afternoon. And the party bus would pull up, and the first deejay would come down the stairs and be like, What up? I wear flip-flops. And then Crystal and Deejay Flip-Flops, uh, they would go on a date, right? And a date on Next, it d be, like, 3 p.m., Van Nuys, California. These two idiots would walk into a candy store. Right? And make, like, anal beads out of Skittles. You know, like a date. What usually happened is that Crystal and Deejay Flip-Flops, there s no connection, she doesn t like him, he s using too many yellow Skittles. And at any point, she could stand up, get right into his face and go, Next! It s fucking humiliating, right? This poor guy would have to get up, like, stoically walk back on the party bus and be like, I got ‘nexted.  Then the second deejay would jump up, go down the stairs and be like, What up? I wear cargo shorts. And then Crystal and Deejay Cargo Shorts would go on an entirely different date. It d be, like, 4:30 p.m., Van Nuys, California. They d go across the street to, like, a day spa and, like, wax each other s pubic hair. A date. What made the show amazing though was sometimes Crystal would catch feelings for the deejay, and instead of yelling Next into his face, she would go like this, she d be like, Um, Deejay Cargo Shorts, I just feel like we have a really strong connection. So I m gonna stop this date, and you have a decision to make. You can either leave right now with one dollar for every minute we ve been together… So you can leave with, literally, $37.  Or you can come home with me and go on a second date. That s when shit got good, cause suddenly the perspective of the whole show flips to Deejay Cargo Shorts s perspective and his conundrum, like, Shit, do I take $37… or try to get my dick wet? Best show of all time. No question. Like I said, I was dating my wife… my now wife… I was dating her for over ten years. She didn t know this, but the whole time we were dating, I was pretending in my head we were on just an endless episode of Next, right? And at any point, we were gonna be on a date, like somewhere fancy like Chipotle, right? And l d just be like, Kylie, look. I love the way you re eating… that burrito bowl, so I m gonna stop this date right now. You have a decision to make. You can either leave right now with one dollar for every minute we ve been together… which at this point is, literally, five and a half million dollars.  Or you can come home with me, watch me have nightly panic attacks. Tough choice. My wife s cool. She, uh… We live in LA, but she comes here to New York a lot for work, and, uh, couple years ago, she was here in New York working, and I was in Los Angeles waking up. I was home alone, I get out of bed, I look down, and I had the most powerful morning wood I ve ever had in my life. It was crazy. You should have seen it. Out loud… I looked down… I was like, out loud, What? Like, that s as good as it gets. That s my Helen Hunt. And so… I ve never done this, but I ran over, I grabbed my phone, I took a picture of it. I took a few pictures of it. Never done that. Never sent a dick pic. Never… You know, I don t know the etiquette. And it s crazy in retrospect. What I did is I closed my camera and then called my wife at work. It was, like, 1 p.m. New York time. She s in her office, her phone rings, she picks it up, she s like, Hello? And I m in LA like, What s up? Uh, hey, so, big news. Uh… Look, I m gonna send you a picture of my dick… my hard dick. And there was this long pause, and she was like… Don t. And I was like, Right. Right. So that… That s just a little peek into our relationship. Married life. I was at a party not too long ago in Los Angeles, and, uh, this guy walked into the party who was a classmate of mine from high school. I hadn t seen him in, like, ten years, so I got up. We started talking about high school, reconnecting, talking about, like, teachers and girls and stuff. And then out of nowhere, he switched the convo to dogs. He started talking about this dog he rescued, and I was fucking on board, right? ‘Cause I love dogs. I got a little overexcited, cause I was like, Dude, what? I love dogs. I ve got a dog. I got a big white dog. A beautiful big white dog. He was like, That s dope. Can I see a photo? And I was like, Uh, yeah. No duh, right? So I pulled my phone out of my pocket. Yep. And… I swipe it open. And, as most of you have already surmised, the last photo I had taken was of my hard dick. It was the same day. My Helen Hunt, right? This really happened. It was a fucking living nightmare. That was verbatim too. He s like, Can I see your big white dog? I was like, Uh, yeah, bruh. And then I show him my dick. Then I completely panicked and started tapping on the screen to make it go away… forgetting that just makes things bigger, like more detailed. So then I jam the phone back in my pocket, I look at him, and my impulse in the moment, I was about to yell, at a party, I was about to yell, No! That s my dick! Right? ‘Cause all I cared about in that moment was that I didn t want him to think I had some other dude s hard dick on my phone. Like when I opened it, it was my wallpaper. But then that seemed, like, unnecessary. So I was just standing there stammering. And then I could see from his eyes that he could tell I was spiraling, right? And it just shows you how cool this dude is. He completely took control of the situation, calmly put his hand on my shoulder, and he was like… Cool dick, bro. I was like, Well, thank you. You know? That s all I m looking for, really, is some validation for my cool dick. Do you guys watch Shark Tank? – Whoo! – That s my crowd. Shark Tank s the best show since Next. I m obsessed with Shark… I watch so much Shark Tank that I don t really think of myself as a comedian, cause in my heart I know I m an undiscovered entrepreneur. You know? This is real. I came home from that party where I showed that guy my dick. Not a joke. I came up with a business idea. I was just like, That was so shitty, but I can t be the only person. This must be universal. How do I monetize this? My dream is to go on Shark Tank. This is a real business idea. I m looking for investors. I want to come out, Hello, Sharks, my name is Joe Mande. I have a very exciting idea for a website and mobile app. It s gonna change the world. Basically, the way it works is, uh, every adult in the United States, anyone over 18 years old, will have to legally… be forced to put a picture of their dick or tits uh, onto my website. I mean, that s basically it. That s the elevator pitch. I don t have all night to, like, tell you the details, but… I m also not getting the response I m looking for, so I m gonna keep going. I will convince you this is a good idea, um… Essentially, I mean, we re gonna have to get the government involved in some respect. I imagine it would be like going to the DMV. You go in, take your clothes off. It s a full frontal naked photo of your body, and that s put onto my website, right? What s important to know is no one can see this photo. It s password-protected, it s encrypted, it s un-hackable. No one can see the photo of your naked body, um, unless they pay 99 cents. Right? Someone pays 99 cents, types in your name. They can look at your naked body for, like, 20 minutes. All right, I m still… Like I feel some tension. I… Here s the thing. It s not pornography. Okay? I get so… Every time I try to describe or explain this idea to my friends, they re like, You re describing pornography. And I go, No, I m not. It s not pornography if everyone s on it. This is a paradigm shift. I m a visionary. Okay? It s not pornography. It s a new world. You just need an example. Okay. I will win you over, I swear to God. – Like, sir, what s your name? – Alexis. Alexis. What s your last name? – Strong. – Strong? That is cool. Okay. Great name for this product. Okay, so Alexis Strong. So let s say this website already exists, right? Everyone could go home after the show, type in Alexis Strong, pay 99 cents… look at your dick for 20 minutes… I mean, I haven t even gotten to the exciting part yet, but, like, goddamn, that s cool. All right. But, Alexis, say someone does that. Someone pays 99 cents to look at your dick. Get this. You get that money! – Whoo! – Yeah, that s right. Don t even patronize me. Fucking think about that for a minute. Think about a world where this exists. It would change everything. It would revitalize the economy. It would end obesity as we know it. And I m not being facetious when I say this: It s great for women. Great for women. It s a feminist idea. – Whoo! – Every woman in the United States would make at least $20 a day. And that s basement. It shoots up from there. But every woman in the United States has at least 20 creeps in her life that are like… It s only 99 cents. And it s not weird. It s not porn. It s great for women. It would equalize dating for women too. I think that s important. Because I couldn t imagine being a woman… I can t imagine, like, you meet a nice guy, you go on a few dates with him, he seems cool, and you re finally comfortable, be intimate. Meanwhile, you have no idea what his dick looks like? What? How is that fair? That s what the app is for. You meet a guy. You re like, What s your name? What s your last name? How do you spell that? You go to the bathroom, type his name, pay 99 cents. You re like, Yeah. I could suck that dick. Or whatever. It s like you know if he has a cool dick or not. I think that s awesome. It s great for women, great for gay dudes. Uh, it s great for guys with big dicks. Everything s great for us. For us. Uh… Yeah, that s convincing. For us. It s great for guys with tiny dicks. l II explain. Uh, imagine you re at work, right? Someone comes in your office, and they re like, Did you hear about Gary in Accounting? You re like, No, what happened to Gary? Coworker s like, Uh, Gary has a micro-penis. You d be like, Shut the fuck up! Get in here! Right? He walks in. Twelve more coworkers come in. You close the door to your office, you lock it. Everyone crowds around your computer. You type in Gary s name. You pay 99 cents. Gary s micro-penis pops up on the screen. Everyone s cracking up. Gary gets that money. See? Yeah, fuck it. Think about Gary for a minute, how much better his life is. So it s called Dickstarter. That s the… Dickstarter.biz. It s my dream to go on Shark Tank, prime-time TV, pitch that. All the Sharks are horrified. They re like, I m out, I m out, I m out, I m out. That s stupid though. I do have a real business idea. This one s for real. I m looking for investors. So I come out, be like, Hello, Sharks, my name s Joe Mande. I have a product that I know will change the world. Before I even get into it, uh, let me ask you, Sharks, what s the best feeling in the world? Coming. Right, it is coming. And, uh, yeah. What s the best form of coming? It has to be autoerotic asphyxiation, right? It has to be. Scientifically, it has to be. Why else would you put your life at risk to feel that rush if it wasn t the best kind of rush? I wouldn t know for sure. I ve never done it. I m way too big of a pussy to ever autoerotic asphyxiate myself. Until today. And I take off my belt and go, Sharks, I present the Air Belt. It s a great… It s gonna change life… Everyone s gonna feel that rush. The way it works, it s like any other belt, keeps your pants up. But when you feel the urge, man or woman, to jack off to the ultimate extreme, right? You put the belt around your neck, get it as tight as you can so now no oxygen flow can hit your brain. And then you just jack off as fast as you can. It s a pretty simple two-step process. I m the only one onstage, so I have to do it. I put the belt around my neck, I m, like, jacking off. Looking right at Mark Cuban, like, Uh!  Lori, lick your lips. What makes this belt special is right here on the belt there is a heart monitor. Right? When the belt senses that your heart rate is down to a dangerously low level, it automatically loosens up so you don t fucking die with a belt around your neck jacking off. The worst way to die. And I m like handing out the belts to the Sharks. They re all just like, Oh, yeah, it works. And I m like, So which one of you Sharks wants to join the Air Belt movement and come alive? Banner falls down. Come alive. That s pretty good. My parents saw me do stand-up recently. They were not into it. Not their cup of tea. My dad s job when I was growing up, he was a juvenile prosecutor. I don t know if you know what that means. He put kids in jail. That s what my dad did when I was a kid. Needless to say, it wasn t, like, the chillest vibe in the Mande household… growing up. My dad retired recently. That s very weird. He s become a totally different person. He s, like, really softened. He s become very sentimental. He s, like, a total pussy and… I don t know how to handle that energy at all. I was home for Thanksgiving a couple years ago, and we were watching football on TV. It s just me and him in the living room. When the game ended, he turned the TV off and he looked at me, he went, Uh, Joseph, have I ever told you about my happiest memory? I was like, Uh, no. No. He goes, I want to share this with you. I don t know if you remember this. When you were nine years old, Joseph, your mother and I, we bought you a Sega Genesis for Hanukkah. Do you remember that? And you wanted that Sega so badly, you kept asking for it for months. And we told you you were never getting a Sega. That first night of Hanukkah, you opened up that gift, and I ve never seen anything like it. You started jumping up and down and screaming. You kissed me on the cheek. And to know that I could bring another person that kind of joy … He was getting all emotional. If I could freeze my life at any moment, it would be right there when you opened that Sega. And I was sitting there like, Damn, Dad, thank you. Thank you so much for sharing that. That was beautiful. But in my head, I was like, Fuck! Fuck! Fuck! So, little backstory. Uh… Here s what you need to know. When I was nine years old, I was a little piece of shit, and I knew where my parents hid presents, right? And so one day, my parents went to the grocery store. I saw them pull out of the driveway. And I locked the door, I ran into my dad s closet… looked under this big pile of sweaters. There was a giant, wrapped rectangular present. And like a little spy, I got down and carefully opened up the Scotch tape and revealed the words Sega Genesis. And, obviously, out loud I was like, Fucking finally!  Goddamn it. So I got back down and I started to close the present back up, and as I did, I tore the corner of the wrapping paper. It wasn t severe, but, you know, maybe if you imagine that your dad worked closely with, I don t know, like, forensic scientists, it was, like, super noticeable, and for the next six weeks, I can t even convey to you the sheer terror I lived under that at any point, my dad was gonna get chilly, put on his sweater, see this tampered present… and then send me to jail. Like, the stakes were so high. It was like a true Hanukkah miracle. The first night, my parents put out all the presents for my sister and I. No one noticed the tear. We went over to the table, we started lighting candles, all that bullshit. And then, before anyone had a chance to look at the presents, I ran over, I tore it open, and just, like, wildly overcompensated. You know? Like a bad actor. I was like, What? A Sega! And I started, like, jumping up and down and screaming. I kissed my dad on the cheek. At one point, I did a cartwheel. That s how crazy… In my head, I was, like… I knew it was effeminate, but I was like, I gotta sell this! I gotta sell this! I gotta sell this! I guess I sold it. It s my dad s happiest memory. Are there any Jews here, by the way? Any Jews? Nice. Round them up! JK. It s funny now. That s gonna be a real thing in, like, a year. There s a weird thing about Jews in America. We all go to summer camp. All of us. I don t know what that s about. It s like when you turn 11 or 12, your parents have a meeting, just the two of them in the living room, they re like, Well, our son is 11 now. So it s probably time he got hand jobs in the woods? Right? My mom s like, Yes, yes, yes. Lotion-less. I didn t want to go. I was not on board for this Jewish summer camp thing. Driving to Wisconsin… The whole drive to Wisconsin, I was in the back seat of our minivan yelling, I don t want to go! I don t want to do this! I m scared! I ve never been away from home before! My mom turned around and calmed me down. She s like, Joseph. It s gonna be fine. You re gonna find God, and you have nothing to worry about. I wrote your name inside all your socks and underwear. Right? As if that was what I was worried about. Like, Oh, I didn t know about this underwear thing. Fucking hit it. Let s go. First day of camp is weird. You get out of the minivan, and all you have in common with these people is that you re Jewish, right? You re meeting kids. You re like, Hey, I m Joe. I m Jewish. And it s like, Hey, I m Seth. I m Jewish.  All right. Guess we re best friends. And then this, uh, particular night of camp, uh, it was also Shabbat. I don t know if you know Shabbat. Shabbat s like the baller night in Judaism. You, like, eat bread. So we did that. We lit candles, we ate bread. I ate a lot of chicken. Like, too much chicken. And then right after Shabbat dinner, there was Israeli dancing. So I went, danced my Israeli ass off for a couple hours. Just let everything really churn, you know? And… then at 10 p.m., our counselor was like, All right, kids, get to bed. I got all cozy in my bunk. And I remember thinking, Um, I think I m gonna like it here. Went to bed. Couple hours later, I woke up. I don t know if this is a universal thing. Has anyone woken up in the middle of the night and known you had ten seconds… before you just shit all over yourself? You? Yeah. It s a horrible feeling. I was jolted awake and felt this countdown in my head. Like, Ten, nine, eight. And I was in the top bunk, so I was going down the ladder. Seven, six, five. I put on my flip-flops. Four. Kick open the door to my cabin. Three. And at three, I just exploded. Like, full-on exploded. I know this is disgusting. I m just going for accuracy. It was ten feet in front of me. You all would have been covered, like a Gallagher show. It was, like, ten feet in front of me, ten feet behind me. I got shit all over the grass, all over the steps of my cabin. l d never been away from home before. I was standing there like, Okay. What do you do now? Do you just wait for someone to find you? That seems foolish. So what I did instead is I just ran into the woods, like, in the dark. I was running and getting hit in the face with tree branches and shit. I ran top speed for, like, three minutes until I got to this big structure at my camp that housed all the toilets and showers. It s called Noah s Ark. Run in Noah s Ark. First thing, I threw away all my shit-covered clothes. Grabbed all this hand soap and then just took the most shameful shower of my life. Just, like, weeping. But I was still, like, violently ill. So then I would run from the shower to the toilet, like, shit my brains out, and then shower again, and just did that over and over again for hours, you know, like a living nightmare. And… it took so long that, like, the sun started to rise. After, like, my 12th shower, I was finally, like, empty and clean, right? But then that just meant I was just naked and wet and had to get back to my cabin somehow. And, I mean… I wish I had seen… I must have looked like the tiniest, most shy little Bigfoot. Like, running at dawn back though the woods. Like, hiding behind trees and, like, picking up leaves to cover myself. But no one saw me. I get back to my cabin. I jump over my own shit explosion. Crawl back into bed, cry myself to sleep. Like, an hour later, my bunkmate Seth wakes me up. He s like, Joe, wake up. Did you hear? Did you hear about the bear?  What is it? I go outside. Everyone else in my cabin is awake and standing in a semicircle around my crime scene. And Seth grabs me, and to this day, I ve never seen anyone more excited about anything in my life. He grabbed me and he was like, Dude, a bear shit on our cabin last night! And I looked back at my cabinmates, all these little liars. They re like, I saw it. I saw it. I saw the bear. I stood there for a minute and I realized, I was like, Holy shit. My mom was right. God is real. God is real. God is good. Yeah, like… But for, like… How else do you explain the night I just had? And here I am, mere hours later in the daylight, redeemed. All these idiots think a bear shit on our cabin. I remember my counselor standing off to the side trying to figure it out. He was like, It must have been a tiny bear. But look, we all find faith in different ways, right? And that s my story, and that feeling of faith propelled me in my Jewish life for, like, another… 30 minutes, 35 minutes. So we went, we ate breakfast. And then, um, we were told to go brush our teeth. So we all went to the Noah s Ark. Started brushing our teeth. And this kid Mike looked in the trash can, found a shit-covered pair of boxer shorts with my name written on the inside. Yeah. That happened. So ever since then I ve sort of been like, Well, fuck God. God can suck my dick. God s a cock. And, you know, now we re here. Cool. Look, all that was bullshit, okay? This is… We re getting to the part of the show that I… I only want to talk about this next thing. How exciting is that? Can you imagine that that was all bullshit? Look, don t. All I want to talk about with any… I m so happy I have a job where I have a microphone and can force people to listen to me. ‘Cause all I want to talk about is this one documentary I ve become obsessed with. It s an HBO doc called Thought Crimes: True Story of the Cannibal Cop. All right. Okay. Four people know what I m talking about. It s a real question if I even do stand-up anymore. Honestly, it feels like I just get onstage and recommend documentaries. But it s a good one. It s a really smart, nuanced look at the life of the Cannibal Cop. Cannibal Cop, this guy… I don t know if you remember him. He was kind of a big figure in New York like ten years ago. Uh, a real tragic figure actually. Uh, here s what you need to know about him. He was a cop. He was a NYPD officer. And two, uh, he was not a cannibal. Twist, right? Cannibal Cop never ate human flesh once ever in his whole life. And I don t know if this is a hot take in terms of cannibalism, but to me, till you actually put a knife and fork into a human being and, like, eat their flesh, you re just a dude. You re just a dude. So Cannibal Cop, his name was Gilberto. Right? And Gilberto, uh… Look, before I can tell you about Gilberto, let s just all admit right now we all have our things. Sexually, right? We all have our quirks. None of us are saints. We all end up with some weird shit. We re all some freaks. So Gilberto s thing was that he was sexually attracted to the notion of cannibalism. Whatever. Who cares? Truly, who cares? So Gilberto… I m not saying Gilberto was smart. I mean, he was a NYPD officer, okay? Idiot. He s a fucking idiot, and he came to work one day, he went into the precinct and used his police computer, and he logged on to a fetish cannibal message board post, right? Like a website where he and like-minded men could swap fantasy stories about, you know, eating human flesh and then jacking off. So Gilberto, he logs into his police computer and starts writing, like, this long, eloquent story about how he wants to kidnap his wife, drive her up to a cabin, throw her into an oven and, like, eat her titties or whatever. I m not saying he s cool, by the way. I don t think that s cool. I just think that doesn t make you a cannibal. Just cause you re horny and intellectually curious. That doesn t make you a cannibal. So what happens next to Gilberto is fucking crazy. It s a travesty of justice, right? He is fired from the police force. He is put under house arrest. He has to live with his mother. It sucks. It s humiliating. His wife leaves him, obviously. It was like front-page news that he looks at her like a Slim Jim or whatever. And this is when shit gets crazy. He is then put on trial for attempted murder. And the evidence used against him is his fucking message board post. His literature. Some Minority Report shit, you know. You all should be as upset as I am now! I am fucking heated! I ve seen this documentary seven times. I get so crazy upset. Every time it s over, I m just pacing around my house, yelling at my dogs. Just like, Do you hear this? Gilberto, the Cannibal Cop … First of all, to call him the Cannibal Cop is an insult to cannibals… who put the fucking work in. This guy never ate… He s just an artist. He s a poet. He s a her… He s a hero. He s a hero of the First Amendment. I m yelling that at my dog, Gilberto s my hero! The Cannibal Cop s my hero. Last time I watched this documentary, I was so worked up and stoned that I sat down at my desk at my computer and I started doing, like, pro bono legal advocacy work for the Cannibal Cop. I was like, I m going to save you, Gilberto. I started researching. I didn t go to law school. I don t know what the fuck I m doing. Four hours go by, and I realize I ve just stayed up all night reading fetish cannibal message board posts. No. You don t want to be that guy. ‘Cause you watch the documentary, like, if we re just basing stuff on web history, I m just as much of a cannibal as the Cannibal Cop. And I m not. I m not a cannibal. Although I will admit, right, if you read enough fetish cannibal message board posts, like it does like get in your… I can t stop thinking about cannibalism. I think about it all day long. It doesn t make me horny. I don t get that part of it. But like… Here s the thing I can t stop thinking about is, like, becoming a cannibal is like such a leap for a human being. When you re like, Fuck it. I m a cannibal. What s that first day like? That s all I think about. What s for breakfast? I m always asking my friends, What s the first thing you eat on a human body? They re always just like, Well, I don t know why we hang out with you. This isn t fun for us. But I ve gotten a lot of answers. Some people have said leg. Other people have said butt. Lol. And it makes me so angry, cause it s just so illogical. I m like, You ve never eaten human flesh and you re gonna chomp down on a leg? Give me a fucking break. Use your head. You re gonna start small and then work your way up to a leg. Like, that s… I probably put too much thought into this. I think the right answer is… Adam s apple. Don t groan. There s no right answer, all right? But hear me out. Got a lot going for it. Sounds like a food. Right? You re halfway there. Small. It s bite-sized. It s like an amuse-bouche or whatever. You can pop it back. You don t even have to chew it. And three, I feel if you prepared it right, which I would… slow-roasted, cinnamon, nutmeg, a little caramel sauce… like you could convince yourself it was… an apple. Like a tiny… All right. I m being cute right now. We all know that s not the right answer. It s pussy. It is pussy. It had, like… I ve eaten pussy my whole life. Not my whole… I wasn t, like, four. I was… the correct age. Like… ten? Uh, no. I love eating pussy. Love it. It s one of my favorite pastimes. My only complaint… It s a misnomer. You don t eat pussy. If anything, it s like an Everlasting Gobstopper. You just like lick it and lick it and lick it and lick it. You don t, like, get any. Fuck you. This is smart, what I m talking about right now. This is smart. This is a thought experiment. I m just asking, like, hypothetically. Think about it like this, all right? Imagine this. Imagine going your whole life just smelling coffee. It s frustrating, right? That s frustrating. Now imagine the act of smelling coffee for some reason is called drinking coffee. Right? At a certain point, you re gonna be like, Fuck this. I m drinking some coffee. Anyway, it s a great documentary. You should… You should check it out. Thank you. It s very cool you re clapping for that. I don t even know if I should do this next part. Uh… Do it! I will. I mean, it s… It s a facade. Obviously I m gonna do it. No, but, okay, here s the thing. l II tell you the real… I could give a fuck about Gilberto. Fuck that dude. I don t give a shit about that guy. l II tell you the real reason why Thought Crimes: True Story of the Cannibal Cop fucks me up so hard every time I watch it. Before I even get into this next thing, I need everyone here to promise me right now that you re gonna be fucking cool. Can we do that? Can we just be adults? All right? ‘Cause I tried to do this next thing in Seattle a few nights ago, and they were straight-up bitches about it, all right? And I expect more from New York. So let s just be fucking cool. Can we do that, please, for me? All right. Thank you. I m gonna trust you. All right. So I ve seen every ISIS video. All of them. Seen every ISIS propaganda video, recruitment video, hostage video. I seek them out. I wouldn t say I m a fan. Right? I wouldn t go that far. But what I will say, I work in the television industry. I work in Hollywood. And there s an undeniable fact about these ISIS videos. They re fucking well made. The production value on these ISIS videos is… All right, I feel super alone up here, uh, to be quite honest. It s like, I m the only one who watches a bunch of ISIS videos? That s fine. I get it. No one watches these videos cause ISIS is scary. You can quote me on that. Hot take: ISIS is scary. No one watches these videos. I think there is a misconception in the United States that ISIS videos are like Al-Qaeda videos. No, how dare you. Like, for real. Al-Qaeda videos? You remember that shit? It was, like, 15 years ago. It was, like, Osama bin Laden in a cave with, like, a Dell laptop, external webcam. There was, like, no narrative. No, shit has changed. These ISIS dudes, they have every… They have, like, Final Cut Pro, After Effects, multi-language narration, the score is tight. I was watching this ISIS video the other night… and they had a drone. Right? Like a drone with a camera on it. And this drone was just flying over some shithole in Syria somewhere. Crisp HD footage, right? And at one point, the camera kind of tilted. There was a lens flare, and out loud I was like… Who is the DP on this ISIS video? That shit was stunning. And I know ISIS… I m not trying to be glib about ISIS. I know ISIS is scary. You know what scares me about ISIS? This is the scariest thing. ISIS can just say you re in ISIS. I mean, that shit is bone-chilling. Do you know what I m saying? ‘Cause, like, I m convinced there s only, like, nine actual members of ISIS, and they re all fucking, like, video editors, you know? ‘Cause what always happens? What s always the case? It s a young, ambitious, unaffiliated terrorist goes out, lone wolf, kills a bunch of people, kills himself. And then the next day, ISIS releases a statement. They re like, Um, yeah. That guy was in ISIS. Send. The news is like, He was in ISIS. Can you believe that? He wasn t in ISIS. But now he s in ISIS. That s, like, my deepest worry in life, is that, at some point, I m gonna get arrested, probably for doing this joke, right? Cops are gonna raid my house, seize my computer, look through the search history. It s, like, ISIS, ISIS, ISIS, ISIS, Cannibal Cop, pussy, ISIS, ISIS, you know. Nightmare. Cops throw me in jail. ISIS finds out about it. They release a statement the next day. They re like, Um, Joe Mande is the official comic of ISIS. We love that guy. Total ISIS. Signed, ISIS. What do I do then? I can t be in jail, Fuck you, ISIS! I m not in ISIS! They II just be like, Actually, that is textbook ISIS humor. You are in ISIS. Send. I m saying I don t want to get cannibal-copped by ISIS. That is my general fear in life. ‘Cause I m not in ISIS. Although, let s say I joined ISIS, right? I was thinking about this the other day. Let s say I joined ISIS. I say with confidence, I think l d be the best fucking thing to ever happened to ISIS. They re crushing it, but what s their biggest problem right now? No star power, right? None. Like, can anyone here name the leader of ISIS? Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi. May the Prophet protect him. How crazy is that? He s supposed to be the leader of the scariest terrorist group in the world, and no one here knows his name. How the fuck you gonna run a caliphate when no one knows your name, you unfamous bitch? That s what I m saying, when I… If and when I join ISIS, right… day one I m bigger than Baghdadi. I m way more famous than that dude. They have no one like me. I m a successful American Jew. I ve been on Modern Family. It d be great for them. I could, like, run their Twitter for a day or whatever. It d be, like, refreshing. Honestly. ‘Cause they re not perfect. I m not standing onstage saying ISIS is perfect. No, I got some constructive criticisms. Got some notes. First of all, that flag. What is that flag? Y all seen that ISIS flag? What is that? It s like Arabic Comic Sans. It s like… You have the best video editors in the game, and look at your graphic design. That s offensive to me. That s offensive. And I m not proposing, like, a new font. My question is, like, why do you all have words on your flag? Your whole MO is to recruit illiterates. Am I wrong? Get rid of the words. In fact, just take the pirate flag. That shit is public domain. I ve been in the organization five minutes, dope new flag. Then we got to talk about these videos, like, you know. Let s be honest. They re too long. They re repetitive. They are grim as fuck. That s where I think l d be helpful. Like, if you ve seen one beheading, you ve seen a million, right? So before the second one, I pop up, and then it s, like, ISIS bloopers with Joe Mande. Like, show they have a sense of humor, bring some levity to the organization. I could be their Tosh. Ta esh .0, whatever. I m not… Fuck ISIS. Fuck ISIS, fuck Russia, fuck Trump. Like, when… Thank you. I m just… I m glad we re getting this on film. Because I want it… I want it on record when World War III starts, I am Team China, China s my squad. That s my squad. I m rollin hard with China. China, I love you. Uh, I just want to say to my Chinese fans… This is just for my Chinese fans. Don t worry. That s not for you. Thought I won you guys back. It was a real journey. How do you get out of an ISIS hole? You know, that s a real… It s a great question. Y all smoke weed? Y all smoke a little weed? Gotcha. Got em back. I got em back. Yes! Is weed legal in New York yet? How s that working out for everyone? No? Uh… Okay, just so I get a sense of the crowd tonight, uh, clap if you support legalized marijuana. Just so I can… All right. That s most of the room. Okay. Thank you. I think I m against it. Right? I smoked weed for more than half my life. And I live in California. It s legal there now. And, um, what I ve learned is that the more marijuana becomes legal, the stronger it gets. To the point that in Los Angeles, weed is essentially a hard drug at this point. Like, I can t smoke weed anymore. It s heartbreaking for me. Like, now when I go to a party in LA and I share a joint with a friend, like, 30 seconds go by and I lose my fucking mind. Like it s not even fun. Like I lose my mind. l II look at my friend and be like, Uh, yo. Yo, can I ask you something? Uh, does air go in your nose and out your mouth, or in your mouth and out your nose? I don t remember how to do it.  Don t worry. Don t worry. I just won t do either. Sometimes I get so high that if I m around too many people, l II lock myself in a bathroom and interrogate myself in a mirror like a fucking murder detective on a TV show. Right? l II, like, slam the door, lock it. Be like, Joe, what the fuck, shit bird? Why the fuck do you feel so crazy? You came to the party normal, now you re crazy. Why you feel so crazy, asshole? And l II be like, Oh, I don t know, man. Like, I came to the party, and then I was normal, and then we went outside, and then… Oh, I remember. Oh. Then we smoked cancer medicine. That s what it is. It s medical marijuana. That s its intent. Have you ever gotten so high that you re, You know what would be dope? If I was in a hospital bed right now… with cancer… instead of trying not to cry at an R. Kelly concert. True story. But I don t want you to think I hate weed. I love weed. I m gonna get high in, like, five minutes. Here s the thing. I m not, like, smart. I haven t done a lot with my life. But one thing I know for sure, if I have any wisdom, it s this. One of the greatest joys in life is to get really high and go to a TV taping. It s the best. I ve done it so many times. I used to be an intern at the Maury Povich Show. I would just get blazed every day and go to tapings like, Yes. Paternity tests. No, I knew the answer already. The best. Here s the thing. It s always fun. You live in New York. Do it once. It s great. It s always fun. Unless it s not. ‘Cause when it s not fun, it s really not fun. I had an experience about five years ago when I lived here in New York. My best friend Noah and I, we ate pot brownies, and then we went to a taping of the Fox News talk show Huckabee. Yeah. Hosted by former Arkansas governor, and probably, like, future ambassador to Chick-fil-A, Mike Huckabee. So I got the tickets through my spam folder, right? And I hit print. Noah came over to my apartment in Brooklyn. We both ate these pot brownies, uh, that I made. We waited an hour for them to kick in. And as we were leaving my apartment, Noah stopped me and he was like, No, we can t go. They re gonna think we re up to something. And I knew what he meant. I was like, Fuck, you re right. What do we do? He thought for a minute and he went… It II be okay. We just have to dress like Republicans. Right? So we go back into my apartment, into my closet, we both put on suits and ties. That s it. We took the train into Midtown Manhattan into Fox News headquarters… and we tried to blend in. We were, like, shaking people s hands, just strangers, being like, Excuse me, sir. Drill. Drill, baby, drill. Just, like, so eager and weird. We got in line for the Huckabee taping, and it became very clear that we were… completely overdressed, right? Like no one had put as much thought into it as we did. Everyone there to see the Huckabee Show was like a slob in sweatpants. And then this one Asian family that saw a line and got into it. But I m saying, by comparison, we looked fucking amazing. And as we re walking into the studio, this production assistant sees us, You guys in the suits, please, right here. Sit in the front row. Right here in the front row. Right there. Me and Noah sit down, and we re looking at all these cameras facing the audience. And we are fucked up. Like, not okay. Like, we were on edibles. No one s ever done edibles, then afterwards was like, You know what? That was really a good idea. That was fun the whole time, and I felt in control of myself and my surroundings. It was cool. It was cool the whole time. Like, no. Like, we shouldn t have been in public. We were fucked up. We re grinding our teeth and sweating. We looked fucking crazy. And, uh, eventually Mike Huckabee s house band started playing. He had a house band called The Little Rockers. Right? So Little Rockers start playing, like, Mustang Sally or some fucking bullshit. The curtains open, Mike Huckabee comes out. He waddles out right in front of us. And as he walks by, Noah and I lose our shit. We just lose it. We are hyperventilating we re laughing so hard. We, like, can t breathe. Like, snot rolling down our faces. ‘Cause we realized where we were, right? And it s a talk show. So Mike Huckabee, he s standing as close as I am to you guys, right? And he starts performing monologue jokes. Right? About, like, current events. And from his perspective, he is crushing, right? ‘Cause these two demon-eyed Republicans in the front row are just laughing at everything he s saying, like, high-fiving each other. So then Mike Huckabee sits down at his desk, and he s like, Uh, ladies and gentlemen, this is a very special episode of Huckabee. I have a celebrity cohost. You may know her as Miss Las Vegas herself. Give it up for Rita Rudner! The curtains open again. Rita Rudner comes, like, clip-clopping out in these high heels. She walks right in front of us. Um, I don t know why this happens, but I burst into tears. I just… I m completely overwhelmed. Don t know what s happening. So I m crying. I look to my left. Noah is dry heaving, right? ‘Cause he… he got drunk too. Forgot to mention that. He got drunk as well as high. We are a mess. We sit there. The taping is four hours long, right? We re there all fucking day. I ve never been more bored and scared in my life. And about three hours into the taping, I m sitting there, and I look over and I make eye contact with this cameraman. And this cameraman is just glaring at me. And I just got to keep looking at him. I don t know what his fucking problem is. Eventually, he walks away from his fancy camera. He, uh, taps me on the shoulder. And he whispers in my ear. He goes, Uh, you know I called the cops, right? Yeah, and guess what. Didn t handle that well. I did not handle that well at all. I was like, No, sir. Please don t call the cops. We don t belong here. We know we don t belong here. We II leave on our own volition. Please. We II leave on our own volition. I kept saying volition. And the cameraman is, like, freaked out. He doesn t know what I m talking about. So he bends back down and he slowly repeats himself. He goes, Uh, no. I said my camera s coming through here. Just… I have to move my camera. Right? I had a complete auditory hallucination. I tried to cover. I was like, Yeah. Whatever. Don t call the cops, man. Just do your job. Volition, you know. But somehow we get out of there unscathed. Then Noah and I spend the next, like, three or four hours just, like, wandering around Manhattan trying to sober up. We get back to Brooklyn, we sit down on my couch, uh, we get high again. And I turn on my TV to Huckabee. I taped Huckabee. We wanted to watch the show we just watched. So Noah and I, we got high and we watched the full one-hour edited version of Huckabee, and to this day, I ve never seen anything more fucked-up. Like I said, we were in the front row, all these cameras facing us. Yet whenever one of us was about to enter frame, it would, like, quick switch to a different camera angle. Like, for a full hour. It took an editor, like, a lot of work to splice us out. And when it ended, I looked at Noah and I was like, Dude, you know what that means, right? Either we were so fucked-up-looking today that Fox News didn t feel comfortable putting us on television… or we got so high this morning… we never even went to a Mike Huckabee taping. New York, you guys have been great. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much. Live from Hollywood, it s The 189th American Humour Awards, with your host Andy Richter. Thank you. Thank you. Hi, everyone. I m Andy Richter. I m so happy to be here hosting The American Humour Awards. All right, let s get right to it. Our final and only category of the evening… The American Humour Award. The nominees are Nick Kroll: Krolling with the Punches. Kristen Schaal: Schaal Ready for This? Chelsea Peretti: Peretti or Not. Ron Funches: Ron Tell That. And Joe Mande: Joe Mande s Award-Winning Comedy Special. And the American Humour Award goes to… Wait. Is it… Is this right? It s a tie! A four-way tie between Nick Kroll, Chelsea Peretti, Ron Funches and Kristen Schaal! This is the first win and first nomination for Nick Kroll, Chelsea Peretti, Ron Funches… Almost all of you won! – That s fantastic! – My Dad! Yes! – Congratulations! – Yes! – Oh. – Oh. Um, thank you. Uh, but seriously, we just want to thank all the managers and agents and lawyers who make this possible. And the fans. We re so grateful for the laughter and the support. Love you. – Thank you so much. – We are the final four! They always say it s a pleasure just to be nominated, but it is not! – Yes! – This is where it s at! You know, no one likes to lose. Uh… I think it was… I think it was good for me. Honestly. I ve learned a lot over the last few weeks since… since the show. And, um, I ve learned that it really is the journey, not the destination. I don t need a trophy to tell me whether or not I m a good comedian. ‘Cause I know… Sorry. I should have put a sign on the door or something. This is really… It s really unprofessional. Hello? Oh, hi. Cool. Thank you. Package. Dear Joe, As I watched The American Humour Awards on TV the other night, I was shocked and saddened to see that you did not end up the chosen winner. In my humble opinion, you were robbed! You did everything right: the intro, the outfit, the applause breaks. Your special was perfect! It breaks my heart you did not go home with the trophy. So if it s any consolation… I ve decided to send you my American Humour Award from 1983. All the best. Your friend, Dr. Bill Cosby. ? I m better than everybody ? ? I m better than everybody ? ? I m better than everybody ? ? Shut up I m better than everybody ? ? I m better than everybody ? ? I m better than everybody ? ? I m better than everybody ? ? Gills on my neck, bitch Call me Kevin Costner ? ? Mad cause I m dead, ho Call me Laura Palmer ? ? Young fuckbeast And I skeet all over everybody ? ? I m better than everybody ?

CEDRIC THE ENTERTAINER@LIVE FROM THE VILLE@2016@[slow jazz music playing] [Ice Cube] He one of the OGs, one of the all-time greats. He can make you laugh with a look. [Jimmie Walker] He is a legend in the stand-up game. [Chris Rock] Yes. [Jerry Seinfeld] He s so good. He s completely unique. I love the guy. [Rock] The hardest gig I ever did was following Cedric the Entertainer on New Year s Eve in Oakland. [Ice Cube] Talented, gifted, naturally funny. [Rock] As good as it gets. [whistle blows] [band playing] [Announcer] Give it up for the Tennessee State marching band! [audience cheering] Give it up for Ced, Cedric – Give it up for Ced – Cedric Give it up for Ced, Cedric The Entertainer – Ced, Cedric – Give it up for Ced, Cedric Give it up for Ced, Cedric – Give it up for Ced – The Entertainer – Ced, Cedric – Give it up for Ced – Cedric – Give it up for Ced – Cedric – The Entertainer [trumpets blasting] [whistle blows] [Announcer] Ladies and gentlemen, Cedric the Entertainer! [audience cheering] [woman shouting] [cheering continues] Wassup? [cheering continues] – [audience whooping] Nashville. Cashville. What up, y all? [cheering continues] Yay! Yeah, man. Hey, how y all doing? I feel y all. Go and have a seat. How y all doing, man? Y all gotta give up for that TSU band. Let em hear it. [audience cheering, whooping] – That shit wore me out. [audience laughing] I only did the last two minutes of the dance. I m-a-be like this. [audience laughing] They let you know, boy. Gotta get in shape, man. Try to do it. I m gonna be breathing, with an F. I had a bref, my bref was… – Oh, my bref. – [audience laughing] Man, I see y all too, looking good. What up? [audience cheering, whistling] Laid up in here too, I saw. Player with all white on, I see you, pimp. You know it. Any of you know how to eat barbecue like this? [audience laughing] Tell your mama Rufus stopped by. Look at this, man. It s good. I was joking about getting in shape, but that shit is real. You gotta do that. That s the latest thing. Everybody gotta lose weight. I got all the equipment at my house. I don t do none of it. I got everything you can order on the infomercial. I got so much equipment, my neighbors come and work out. I got my own… sell my own gym membership. Y all come in. There s some towels, cucumber water. Go on, enjoy yourself, John. I ain t using none of that shit. Go on in. Gotta try to do it. I had to do something. I m walking down the street. This lady sees me, a little white lady. She got a little daughter. She sees me. Oh, my God. I can t believe it s you. Can we take a picture?  Of course! She talking about, Thank you, CeeLo! [audience laughing] C-CeeLo? Uh, bitch… Fuck you! And little girl… Fuck you too! I ain t no goddamn CeeLo. Shit. I walked right into a cycling class, nigga. [chuckles] Shit, man. I gotta do something. Everybody losin weight in Hollywood. All my partners. Ain t nobody call me and tell me nothing. I m like the last fat brother in Hollywood. Anthony Anderson lost weight. He ain t called me to tell me. Rick Ross lost weight. The Boss, he s… [grunts forcefully] He all skinny as hell, like, Eh. Al Roker, Al Sharpton. You know, Al Sharpton lost too much goddamn weight though. Al Sharpton lost neck weight. His head look like a damn bobblehead. Like Al, you can t lose neck weight. You can t have no perm and no little-ass neck like that. That combination don t go together, Al, is what I m trying to say. Come out here feeling good, man. Lookin good. Everybody all spiffy. [woman] Whoo! -I like that. I like to get G d up. We from that… – We from that generation. – [Audience] Yeah! I notice how the new kids are dressing. They ain t really give a shit about clothes no more. They don t really give a shit. Especially boys. The thing is, I ain t trying to say they style is… It s for their generation, don t get me wrong, but it s a little asexual. All the little long-ass T-shirts nigga s is wearing now. One little boy, his shirt was so long, he had a train on the back. I m like, Where s the reception, motherfucker? Shit. I think it started with skinny jeans. – [audience agreeing] – You know what I mean. The jegging kind, the real super-skinny ones. I ain t trying to say skinny jeans gay. I don t know that to be true. What I m sayin is, it s a gateway apparel. [audience laughing] It leads to other gay articles of clothing is what I m saying. ‘Cause there ain t no time should a dude ever be putting their jeans on like this. Never! Ever. Sagging. That shit went too far. I used to get sagging. When it first came out, I understood it, because that s when new designer underwear came on the scene. So you want to let somebody know that he Tommy Hilfiger, that he Gucci. Look, these ain t no regular Fruit of the Looms is what I got on. I got that. Now these dudes got they pants all up under they ass and shit. I saw one little boy, didn t have his pants on. That nigga had his shit on his shoulders. It s that new, Ced. We don t even wear our shit no more, man. We just carry it with us in case we gotta run in somewhere, man. It s a trip, man. They music has changed too, boy. That young music. I like rap, all kinds of rap, but rap got so aggressive now, man. Like when we came up, it used to be sexual innuendo. They might be talkin about something. You had to figure it out. Oh, okay. Y all heard Down in the DM ? They ain t got time for that shit. It go down in the DM, it go down It go down in the DM, it go down Snapchat me that pussy Oh, whoa! Whoa! Ooh, Jesus. Or FaceTime me that pussy if it s cool What did they… On the record? That s on the radio right now. When I first heard it, I ain t know what Snapchat was. I thought he said, Snatch at me that pussy. I said that is pretty aggressive with all this Bill Cosby stuff goin on right now. I don t think you wanna be snatching at nobody s pussy like that now. They were like, No, Ced, it s Snapchat. It s Snapchat. That s an app. I don t know if y all know this. That s a little app. It s what all the kids on right now. And you can take a picture of your pussy, now, okay? And you can put it up on the Internet, and it will disappear like a snowflake. Okay? It will be gone. So whenever you bored and you just feel like doin something… Snapchat your pussy on out there! Snapchat your pussy. All the way. It s fine. I ain t know what it was. Soon as I heard you can do that shit, I downloaded that app immediately. I would be ridin around in my car, lookin at the app now and then. Ain t nobody Snapchat on mine. I ain t got no… I don t know how this work. Don t nobody put none on mine. Snapchat me that pussy. All they little songs. I like all rap. Fetty Wap. That s another rapper had a big hit. Fetty Wap. Big rapper. Y all know Fetty Wap. That s the rapper with one eye. Fetty Wap had a little accident earlier in the year where he was on a motorcycle. And I was thinkin to myself, You know what, Fetty Wap? – Uh… [audience laughing] Your head got one eye. You might not wanna be on no goddamn motorcycle. You gotta have your peripheral when you on a goddamn motorcycle. You can t turn all way left, nigga, every time you tryin to turn. Stay off goddamn motorcycles, okay? With love. But he dope though. I like him cause he got a melodic kind of rap style. It s got melody to it, but out of nowhere, it ll turn into some gangsta shit. So it be a love song, and then out of nowhere, it be a tragedy. So it like a Fetty Wapera, if you will. Fetty Wap be like, Baby, won t you come my way Tell me what you want to say But first off I m gonna start by saying this: Ay Two head shots if you try to take my bitch Like, whoa! Whoa, what just happened there? You know. That is mighty aggressive, Fetty Wap. I just saying she looked nice in her dress. I don t think I deserve two shots in the damn head for that, you know. I don t think the crime fits the punishment. Even the girls are aggressive. I heard the most aggressive language I ve heard in a record this year came from a little girl. I m riding in the car with my 12-year-old daughter. She s singing along. All of a sudden, this girl say the most craziest shit I ever heard in a song. She like, You gotta eat the booty like groceries Now wait. What? Ooh, Lord, where s Yolanda Adams when you need her? You gotta eat the booty like groceries ? Don t get me wrong, I m over 40, so I m willing to participate is what I m saying… I just need to know how much groceries we talkin about right now. Is it ten items or less or… Or are we talking Costco s, now, cause I think… Somebody yell up here, Come on, help me with the groceries! That s too much goddamn groceries. I can t… I can t eat that much groceries. All these little songs, man. They got songs that be making dudes… Gotta get your manhood together. Like Rihanna little song. I turn that off every time it come on. I can t listen. ‘Cause it make you do some bullshit. You a grown man. You came here. Let me see you work, work, work, work, work Why the fuck am I doin this right now? Unh-unh. Rihanna always got songs like that. She always tripping. ‘Cause her other song last year was a scary song to me. Shine bright like a diamond Shine bright like a diamond I m like, Is she a little witch? What the hell is she doing? Scary-ass little song. Shine bright like a diamond I ain t like that song. That song scares me. I live out in the mountains. I came home one night and our lights was off at the house. Right when I was parking to go in, that song came on. Shine bright like a diamond I think I ll stay in the car till morning. I was like, Unh-unh. No, this how a motherfucker get killed. I ain t ready to get out the damn car. Scary-ass song. Beyonc, she another one. She s been killing the game. – Everybody know the Lemonade shit. – [women in audience shouting] Look at the ladies, ladies get it. Dudes like, I don t get it. Lemonade got too much tea in it for me. She telling too much of her goddamn business. Thing is, you know, she s just dope like that though. Beyonc, she kinda got like songs that s always empowerment. She do make people mad one way or the other. She made me mad when she had that song about the elevator, when she talking about Jay Z and Solange fighting on the elevator. I was mad cause she was goin all off about the elevator shit. When I think about it, it s been a couple of hard years for elevators in general. I just don t trust elevators the way I used to. You remember, the whole Ray Rice shit… That happened on the elevator. Then Beyonc and Solange, they was lookin for Jay Z on the elevator. And I was checkin into the hotel today, the manager asks me, We got you in the best room on the top floor. I said, Oh, no. No, no. What y all got by the gift shop, my nigga? I ain t trying… I ain t tryin to go up no goddamn elevator. I already know what happens in elevators, and I ain t goin up on one. Beyonc cool. She dope with it though. That s the thing about it. She be writing all these women empowerment songs that be so beautiful. She talented, she sexy, she good to look at. That s why she confuse dudes, cause we like lookin at her, but then her songs be dope, and they be good songs. You be, Man, we ain t supposed to be singing this part. But she will have you out there, you know? Like now, if I went… We be all night [audience singing response] There better not be one dude in this motherfucker talkin about… [vocalizing] nigga, that ain t your part, player. You cannot… [repeating vocalization] You gotta wait on Jay Z like everybody else. I do think up this shit, if I do say so myself That s us. That s where we come in. We cannot… [repeating vocalization] The trip is that nowadays, certain shit be gay, we didn t even know it. You be, That s gay now?  Yeah, that s gay. You can t do that no more. Little shit like, dudes, you can t be talkin to another dude on the phone and hung up talkin about bye-bye. [audience laughing] That s gay, man. We can t say bye-bye to another dude, dawg. Trip, man. Being a father… And I was talkin about all the young kids with their communicating right there. ‘Cause I ve been married 16 years, man. I been trying. My wife still be tryin to keep a hot thing, yeah. My baby, she a good babe too. We be tryin to keep the shit fresh. So I be tryin to do the Snapchat, and the keep it sexy, you know. I tried sexting, that s what I tried to do. I want sex. I m on my way home one day. Hey, girl. Daddy bout to pull up. [chuckles] I might wanna dot, dot, dot, dot, dot. You know? [giggles] She go text me back, Pick up some bread. [audience laughing] You know what? You ain t put no water splash emoji on there or nothing. Just get some goddamn bread. Really? Trying, man. We trying to raise these kids. We got all the generations. I got three kids. I got one kid, 26. She was in college a couple years. She fuck around. Fuck around. You know. Bullshit. You in college. Bullshit. C s, D s. She wasn t serious. Because she my daughter, she expect to ball though. She wanna ball out. She gonna hit me up the other day, Daddy, would you buy me the new Camaro? I m like, What?  Yeah, I want you to get me the new Camaro.  The new Camaro? You know, that s more like A-student shit right there. You more like used Hyundai or something like that, the area you in. What I supposed to put on my bumper sticker? My daughter doin a ight, nigga.  CSU? nigga, no. Get you one of them hoverboards, you can go to the club in one of them. Pull up, goddamn. My son, 15. Now he on the swim team. You know, the swim… They be getting you into different kind of shape. All of a sudden, my son out of nowhere got all shoulders and chest. He walkin in the house one day. What up, Dad? I say, Oh, no, you wanna put all that shit up when you walk in the house. Put them shoulders in the closet, put your chest in the drawer. I ain t gonna have all this walk around my goddamn house. Little bitty scrawny ass motherfucker walk around. What up, Dad?  No, nigga, put all that up right now. Hang those shoulders on a hanger and put em in the closet. See, he 15, you know, now, he try to start dating a little bit. The thing about my son, he like the little mix girls. He like the girls half black, half white. Little curly hair, that s his thing. He gonna go out on a date, he tell me take them to the movies. I m like, Cool. He hopped in the backseat with her. I m like… When the hell I turn into a Uber driver, goddamn? I m Ced the damn Entertainer. Somebody better get up here with me. I ain t get ready to be driving y all like that now, shit. She a cute little mixed girl. They come back to the house. She like, Let s go to your room and close the door. I m like, Oh, whoa. I say, Son, that s the white 15 right there that s talking. You don t get to do that round here. You don t get to close damn doors and shit, no. She s like, You tell Cedric it s your room. You can do that if you want to. I m like… Tell Cedric ? Bitch, when you say my name, put some respect on that shit. [audience cheering] Put some respect on it. I ain t gonna say it no more. Now, is we finished or is we done? Okay. I ll trill y all, shit. Put some respect on my shit. Tell Cedric. What? The truth is they are your little kids. And they yours, you been raising them, but you realize your kids do things you do that you didn t really think you taught them, but you gotta deal with it now. Like the other day, they called me up to my son s school, told me my little boy was up there cussing. I said, What? They re like, Yeah, he here cussing in the school. I m like, My little boy? They like, Yeah. I say, Oh, no, you know. What did he say? They were like, He said, ‘Shit, damn.  I m like, ‘Shit, damn ? In that order? They say, Yeah. I say, Oh, no. That means the little white kids are influencing my son, you know. I mean, hey, he say ‘motherfucker or ‘Fuck that shit, dawg or ‘We bout to blow this bitch up. Or something like that, I would have taken responsibility. Everybody know that ‘Shit, damn is not a part of our culture, okay? So… thank you so much, okay? I m gonna hop right on top of that. I don t want my son growing up being no dyslexic cusser like that. Shit, damn. So I m walkin him to the car, mad about the wrong thing. I m walking him to the car. ‘Shit, damn.  Really? ‘Shit, damn. I m one of the original Kings of Comedy and you up in here talkin  bout some ‘shit, damn, damn. Get your ass in the car! You know how to cuss. So you can see where my parenting skills are off a little bit. You can understand. Shit, damn. Shit is embarrassing. My little daughter, she 12. She real intelligent though. She be asking you questions you can t answer. We had people over. I m there. We doin grown-up shit. We got a little wine goin . We in the kitchen laughing, talking. Got company. She gonna walk in. Daddy, do animals commit suicide?  What? Come on, don t do me like that. You see these damn people over here. Don t be asking me shit like that. I ain t thought of that before. Do animals commit suicide? Google it. Shit. Google the shit. I don t know. Maybe. Maybe, you know. You ever thought about it? Maybe though. Maybe? You ever see a possum dead on the side of the road? You ever think that maybe that possum just was… tired of being a possum? nigga just… hanging out with the other possums, like, You know what?  I don t even give a fuck no more, dawg. [audience laughing] The other possum like, Don t walk out on the street, Daryl.  You can t tell me what to do, Wayne. I mean, I m ugly. Don t nobody like us. Fuck it. [imitates horn honking, body thudding] It got ran over by a Crown Vic on 26th, this nigga. Possums standing over him. He deader than a motherfucker. They all like, How do I Say good-bye? Oh, that dawg, man. We loved Daryl. Give your kids a goldfish. Have it in that little tank on the dresser. Leave for two days. Come back. Goldfish on the dresser, dead. That s suicide, isn t it? That goldfish knew there wasn t no water outside that tank. But he swim around that tank for two days like, Man, this some bullshit, man. I m a fish. I know I ain t supposed to go in no circle for three damn days. You know, that treasure chest ain t even got shit in it. Fuck it. [grunts] [audience laughing] [woman cackling] Dead. On your dresser. Suicide. Know them bugs that run into your windshield when you driving the highway? Them bugs know what they doing, nigga. That s jihad. Them bugs see your car lights. They like, For the love of Allah! Suicide. Wow, last year, man. So much shit going on. Crazy shit in the news. I saw this shit on the news. Threw me off. This lady, 55, just had a baby. I was like, Damn. That s pretty late be havin a damn baby. But don t get me wrong, if you 55 and wanna have a baby, go on ahead, have a damn baby. I just find it rude and inconsiderate, personally. You gotta think about this. You 55. That means she already got kids that got kids. When they go visit grandmama, they gotta deal with their little aunt or uncle. You gotta be thinkin about it. That gotta be fucked up. You eight, nine. You go to your grandmama s house to go play… Here come this little motherfucker, Hey, unh-unh, whoa, whoa! Where you think you goin ? No, pick me up, take me upstairs and change my diaper. Then you can go outside. I m sorry, what? I m your little uncle, that s who I am, goddamn it, shit. Put that on Disney Channel, put something in my sippy cup, then you can go outside, but other than that… come again? I m your little uncle, that s who I am, motherfucker. Your mama s my sister. Respect the hierarchy around here, shit. Don t give a damn how old I am. Fucking little-ass uncle. What a trip, man. Saw this shit too. I saw Lamar Odom… God bless Lamar Odom. I m glad I saw him. He doin a ight, but that was a little scary. The scary thing… it let me know I d been out the game for a long time. Scary thing, I was glad he was all right, but when shit hit the news, told me he had spent $75,000 for two chicks, I was like, Ooh! When I was… I kinda… I kinda been out of the game for a while. This nigga seemed to raise the Blue Book on these bitches right here. nigga, that s… That s… That s pretty expensive. As soon as he did that, at your local strip club, all the girls went up. They heard them girls got 35,000 a piece. They was like, Unh-unh, table dances… Table dances is $80, Latrell. [audience laughing] That my black stripper dance right here. [audience laughing] [audience laughing continues] You be, Hey, baby, let me get a piece of gum.  I ain t chewing no gum.  Wait. You not chewing gum right now?  No, motherfucker… This how you do the dance, nigga.  So you sayin you not chewing gum right now.  No, motherfucker, I m in my job. Do you chew gum at your job? [audience laughing] All I know is that shit make me want some gum like a motherfucker. [chuckles] That s the difference too. ‘Cause you go down South, they got that shake-a-booty style. I live in LA. They got the more corporate strip club… It s all about the up-top game. There, the girl s like, Oh, my God, how are you? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, you like that? You like that?  Uh, no, not really, baby. Brothers, we be wanting that goddamn bass, nigga. You go there, you be seeing… You come down here… I went to Atlanta one time, saw a girl… Her ass was so fat, I thought I had on 3-D glasses, nigga. I was, Ooh! Ooh, I gotta take these off! That s too close. Ooh, that s givin me a headache. Is that too close for you? I can t wear these. I can t wear these and look at her. ‘Cause they got that shake-a-booty style. That style right there. You ever notice, once you a stripper and do the shake-a-booty style, you can t stop doing it. Anybody know somebody that used to strip and don t no more? They ll just do this shit in regular life sometimes. They be at the bank about to cash their check. You be behind them with your check like… You know what, give me that in all ones, my nigga, a ight? I didn t know y all was doing it like that up in here today. They re doing it big. No, it s a condition. They don t know they doing it. It s something like stripper Tourette s. The stripper Tourette s. You don t know you re doing it. You don t strip no more. You have moved on in life. You got your real estate license and everything, you know. [mumbles] But don t let your song happen to come on. It s just a… You can t help it. Even in your mind you might hear your song and just do stripper shit. They be about to check out at the grocery lane and don t even know they doing stripper shit. Boop. [dance music] Boop. Boop. Excuse me. These two-for-one? That s what I thought. Okay. Boop. Boop. Twan, put that down. You can t have that. Unh-unh. [dance music continues] – Y all take coupons? Oh, good. I m about to make it rain in this motherfucker. I m-a drop it down, pick it up Twerk this ass Just make sure you be throwing the cash And make the rain come down Rain come down And make the rain come down Rain come down [chuckling] Little kid s like, Mama, what is you doing? Like, Ooh, baby. Mama got to get home and take a No-strip-itol. I got to take… 400 milligrams of No-strip-itol. I ve got a condition. I need my medication. I m feeling good, man. I just had a birthday. [cheering, applauding] Wow, man. You get old and you don t even realize it. You feel good. But when you get older, you know you getting older cause old shit happen to you. Like, in your mind, you still young. But then you be doing regular life and some old shit happen to you, like, Ooh, I m older than a mofo. Like you be pouring cereal and your knee go out. Oh! Shit. Mmm. I m gonna have to stop fucking with these Honey Nut Cheerios, nigga… if that s going to happen every time. Dude, we got one little move that we know we old. When we can t just step into the car no more. You know your ass old when you leave like this. All right, I m gonna holler at y all.  Tell you mama Roosevelt came by here. Your ass old, nigga. I know I m old cause I got old-ass friends. It ain t got shit to do with me. I feel good, but my friends be old and doing old shit. I m like, Damn. I m one of y all, ain t I? Idiots in the club arguing over blood pressure medicine and shit. Would you stop talking about your damn prescriptions in the club? We at a club, my boy taking his pills, girl walk up to him, Is that a Molly? Can I get one? I m like, Girl, you better not take that shit right there. Your goddamn glucose level s gonna go up so high. Don t. No. No. Don t. Don t take that shit he on, baby. My boy, he s trying to be hip. He trying to be on social media. His old ass. Talking about Follow me Willy Earl. [laughs] Man, ain t nobody gonna follow nobody named Mr. Willy Earl on goddamn Instagram. Goddamn. Mr. Willy Earl. He in the club with some damn shape-ups on. So every time he stop, he just rocking for no reason, nigga. Man, there s a few of them in here tonight, ain t it?  nigga, if you don t stop all that damn rocking.  I can t help it. It s the shoes, you know. Joe Montana wear these right here. He s 60-something. He won t tell us how old he is. He had downloaded his damn… He got an iPhone 6 and downloaded his music on there for ringtones. I m like, Willy Earl , come on, man, don t put those old-ass records on there, man. A ringtone for young people, man. You ain t supposed to… When your phone rings, it supposed to be some cool shit come on. Fuck up some commas Fuck up some commas, yeah Sure enough, we in a club, this motherfucker s phone rings. Sit yourself down, girl, and talk to me Let s straighten it out Like, nigga, is that Latimore on your damn phone? I ain t know you could download Latimore, man. He gonna answer his phone, Hello. This is Willy Earl. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Yes. Where did you find me? On WillyEarl.com? Okay, thank you. Oh, damn old ass. Like I say, he s 60-something, man, but he got a girlfriend like 28, 29. [audience cheering] He be bragging too, like, Hey, boy, hey. [chuckles] Hey, boy, I m still out there in the game, boy, you know? I m picking em up and I m putting em down. I get it like I live. You know? I told the bitch ‘If I got four quarters, I couldn t call it. You know? He trying to keep up with that young-ass girl. He got a pocketful of Viagras and Cialis and Levitras. nigga just eating them all day like they sunflower seeds. I ll stay ready so I ain t got to get ready. [laughs] He be offering them to you like they Altoids. You want a Cialis, my nigga? No? All right. I caught him one day with a Cialis sweetheart necklace on. Trying to find one of my Levitras. Got this damn election going on. Boy. Goddamn Donald Trump, man. He s an ignorant little motherfucker. Like he s been eating Cheetos and just rubbed it on his face. I ain t never seen a tan that goddamn orange. This fool talking about he gonna build a wall to stop the Mexicans from coming in. Come on, Donald. Nobody gonna stop no damn people from Mexico with no damn wall. We already see El Chapo. We know they doing tunnels already. Plus, I just was in Mexico. They heard we were gonna build a wall. Everybody in Mexico practicing already, getting ready to come here. Everybody heard we were building a wall. They down there getting ready. As soon as we build a wall, everybody learning how to pole vault. What a wall gonna be… 15-, 16-feet tall? Them nigga s on the other side of the wall like this. rale! 17 2", motherfucker! He s on the other side like, Throw the stick back, homes! Fucking Hector, you took the stick with you, bro. This motherfucker here. And I don t know who be voting for him. Anybody in here… A show of hands. Who be voting for Donald Trump? Anybody? Nobody ever say it. One motherfucker. There s Trump. There go Trump, dude. There s got to be one. Every time he win, it be a thousand people voting for Trump. And I d be like, Who the fuck? ‘Cause every time I see he won, it s just surprising as like seeing your one girl cousin that dress like a boy, but she show up at the family reunion pregnant. Everybody like, Who the fuck is fucking Mr. Cynthia? I can t figure it out. Who? I think Hillary want to win just so she can get Bill back. She going to be in the Oval Office with somebody under her desk, nigga, like, I m the captain now! Look at me. I m the captain now. Everybody think they can do what Barack did, man. They gonna come in and just try to do their job. Barack did his thing, man. – [cheering] – Barack did his thing, man. As the president, if they keep fucking with him, I don t know if he gonna make it all the way to the end. Barack might quit like that black lady did on the news. Remember? Wake up one day, go, Fuck this shit! I ain t going through this shit. Just leave. I know he ain t gonna put on no suit that last day. That last day, Barack ain t gonna put on no suit. He gonna walk to that helicopter in Jordan flip-flops with his hat backwards, wave cap on, nigga. Michelle, Sasha, Malia, y all coming? Oh, get some of those sheets. I like that thread count on that shit. I don t know why they be messing with that man like that, man. Barack, he the only one who really could have been the first black president. For real. Look around. I mean, look at yourselves. Come on, now. We like to fight too much. Everybody in this room be like… We can t have nobody say shit about us. Barack be holding that shit in. Every now and then, that negro do show up though. Black people see it. We see it first. We like, Ooh, there it is. He about to trip. Not long ago, he was talking about I ve done all I can do with this and that. Right, cause you can t go again! Barack was like, Because I won em all, fuck, boy, pussy. You got to listen to the tape slow. You got to play it real slow. Fuck, boy, pussy, nigga, I won everything. Just saying. Like, damn, Barack. Motherfucking thug. I don t know why they be talking about he soft. Barack been taken some serious folks out. I m talking about Osama bin Laden, merked. Muammar Gaddafi, merked. All the Somalia pirates, done. Shit. Barack got to fuck around and get some tattoo tears, nigga, shit. He the only president in the US history looking like Kevin Gates over there. I got two phones Thug, dawg. I like coming down South too, man. Somebody ask me, Why you do your special in Nashville, Ced? I m, like, What? Nashville s the city, man. – Y all know it. [cheering] Burning up all this energy right here. All these dope colleges down here, man. ‘Cause you got energy, man. People ain t know that. They gonna see it on this special. They gonna see it though. They gonna be like, Damn! I ain t know it be popping like that. – Yeah, man! [cheering] The city s known for country music. That s what everybody kind of think. It s about the country music down here. And I like country music. Don t get me wrong. Some of em really got hot. And it got interesting too. Like, I m in my room in the hotel not too long ago… A couple years back, I hear a country western song come on with hip-hop language in it. Shit threw me off. I m in my room chillin … Y all heard of Honky Tonk Badonkadonk ? This is a real goddamn song, man. I m in my room and that shit goin in, dawg. I m in my room chillin . She was a honky tonk badonkadonk You don t have to knows it She got me goin She got it goin on Like Donkey Kong nigga, I be in my room line dancing like a mother. Swear to God. Didn t even know I was doing the shit, dawg. I caught myself in the mirror, nigga, just… That s the other thing too… You be down South, you get outside, like, the city limit you get into that little country area, you ll run into some of them good old boys out there, man. They be corn-fed, cock-strong motherfucking boys. Been lifting baby bulls since they was six-years-old and shit. Be strong as hell. They daddy be like, Trevor, go put those baby bulls in my pickup truck.  All right, Daddy. [imitates mooing] Before they re six, with one arm, throwing a bull up in a truck. [imitates mooing] And them mothers will fight your ass too. That s the thing about it. Black people, we think just cause we born black we can beat up white dudes. In our minds, we like, White boy, I ll beat your motherfucking ass. You better go on with that bullshit, boy. You don t do that shit in the country, man. Trying to tell you that shit ain t gonna go like you think at all. That mofo be like, Come on, son of a bitch! Whoo! Let s go, bubba, let s do it, baby! You be like, Everybody just need to calm down for a second. Listen. Listen, is it Trevor? It s Trevor, right? Is it Trevor? Let me get you a beer, bro. Shit. Fuck. I ain t trying to get Bobby Boucher down this bitch. It s totally different than black country. Black country is a whole ‘nother dialogue altogether. I got some country-ass cousins… It s fast and it s country and it all ran together. You don t know what the fuck they be saying. I got a cousin excited to see me. Every time he see me, Hey, coz. Hey… [rapid babbling].  Huh?  Hey… [rapid babbling]. [rapid babbling continues] Hey… [rapid babbling].  Why you like… [rapid babbling]. [laughs] Goddamn it.  What? I m gonna need closed captions for your ass, nigga. I don t have… I have no idea what you just said, motherfucker. Trip is, I m talking to one of my cousin s friends, he talk faster than him. He walk up and introduce himself. Charles Johnson. Everybody around here call me ‘Bominicious.  Everybody around here call me Bominicious. It s fine. You call me that. Don t even worry about it. Everybody call me Bominicious.  Everybody call you ‘Bominicious ? Yeah, everybody in the whole city call me Bominicious. Don t worry. You can call me that. Don t worry about it.  That s what everybody calls you?  Yeah, everybody calls me that. So I m like, All right. So all week long… my ass talking about, Bominicious, what up, boy?  Hey, Bominicious, you gonna come over here watch the game with us?  Hey, Bominicious, run to the store, grab some beer, come on back. My coz said, What d you call him?  Bominicious. He said everybody called him Bominicious. It s all right for me to call him that.  No, man, his name is C.J. He saying, You can call me by my initials. That s what he saying. C.J. I been calling that boy Bominicious all week. By my initials, is what he s saying. This shit is embarrassing. Why you ain t say nothing? You heard me call you Bominicious.  I couldn t understand you. I ain t know what you talking about.  You couldn t understand me? Okay. All right. All right. Okay. I deserve that. We had a little wild-ass year. We had a wild-ass year. Lot of little stars was getting, like, locked up in the last couple of years. Little Chris Brown in and out of jail. Little Chris Brown finally got it together. That mofo get locked up, get out of jail, get locked up, threw a rock at his mama s car, went back to jail, got locked up. Little nigga gonna learn… These jails ain t loyal, nigga Wesley Snipes had to go to jail couple of years ago. Passenger 57 was inmate 135267. He was locked up. Ron Isley had to go to jail. Even Mr. Bigg was in the big house. I heard somebody, Oh, Lord. Jesus! No, he fine, baby. He out. She go, Oh, Lord! No, he okay. He all right. Matter of fact, he in the studio right now doing a remix to Akon s song Locked Up. But doing it Ron Isley style. So you know that shit buttery than a motherfucker, nigga. I m locked up La da da da da da da Ooh, ooh, ooh Locked up Well, well, well, well, well La da da da La I was locked up I was locked up Locked Up remix. Buttery as hell. I been feeling good, man, you know. Trying, you know, to take care of yourself. Got to take care of yourself, man. You know, everybody all upset. Everybody all angry. The world is angry as hell, for good reason. Lot of bullshit going on out there. Like all this year, all the violence where police were killing kids. I got a little boy, man. I m concerned about this shit. Like police will just shoot a little black kid. Same motherfucker will jump in a raging river to save a dog. That s why every time my boy leave the house, I m like, Take the puppy with you, nigga. That s all I know. He s walking around with a Yorkie on a goddamn key chain. I ll just take him with me. All I know is black Labs lives matter, nigga. I ve know that. I had to defend my dawg couple times in the year… Steve Harvey. I had to come to his defense. First, about the Miss Universe shit. Everybody was upset about it. I called him that night. I had to hit him with the Menace II Society. I m like, You know you fucked up, right? You know you fucked up? You fucked up. You fucked up. But a couple of months before that, people was mad at him cause he put Paula Deen on his talk show, and everybody was mad, man. Ced, why your boy got Paula Deen on the talk show? First of all, it s a talk show, motherfucker. Hold on. Somebody got to be on there talking. Give him a minute, you know. But I get it. I understand. Black people, we were mad cause Paula Deen, you know, real, on the low, we mad Paula Deen said the N-word. ‘Cause, on the low, we fucks with Paula Deen. ‘Cause Paula Deen cook the way we like shit. So it kind of hurt us when Paula Deen said the N-word at all. When Paula Deen be on TV, she like, First, I m gonna take some biscuits, then put them in the oven, and I m gonna take some butter and put that on top of there, and then take some bacon and crumble it on top and melt some cheese all over it. And we ll take some gravy and sop it up through there. We be in the house like, Oh, shit! God damn, Paula Deen, that shit sounds good as a motherfucker there! That s why it hurt us when she said it. God damn, Paula Deen. When you think about it, anybody cook a sweet potato pie that good, got to say nigga every now and then, you know. But I ain t talking about no egregious-ass shit. When you first taste it to make sure it s good. You like, nigga! Yeah. nigga. Might want to get you a little piece of that right there, boy. nigga. nigga. Animals all mad and shit. So much shit going on, like, animals are upset. Rightly so. In Ohio, a couple of years ago, this dude had, like, a zoo at his house with real zoo animals. He got up one day and let em go in a regular-ass neighborhood. Hyah! Get on out of here! Hyah! Hyah! Go on now! That ain t for black people right there, that shit. This nigga had lions and tigers and bears, oh, my! You know us. We scared when somebody s dog get loose. I couldn t even imagine walking through a Walmart parking lot and seeing a loose-ass lion. nigga, you like… Is that a lion, nigga? Don t move! Don t move! I heard you ain t supposed to move. You be coming up with all kinds of shit. I don t even know what you supposed to do you see a loose-ass lion. Somebody talk about Run! nigga, your ass can t outrun no damn lion. I don t know about y all, but I would try to Jedi mind-trick that motherfucker. If I saw a loose-ass lion, I would turn into a lion tamer. That lion came at me, I ll be like, Ha! Sit, Abar! I am Cedric! Hup! Sit! The lion would be looking at me, Do I know you, motherfucker?  I m just trying not to get ate, Lion. Doing the best I can, you know. Saw this shit on YouTube the other day. This lady was at the zoo and got kicked by a giraffe. I don t know what your ass did to make a giraffe mad. Do you know how irritating your ass gotta be for a giraffe to haul off and kick the shit out of you? Giraffe is usually one of the cooler animals at the damn zoo. They all long and lanky. Be walking around like a ballplayer. They got the eyelashes that s all fleek and shit, nigga. I don t know what this lady said, but that giraffe had had enough of her ass. She up and said something, that giraffe went like, Bitch, shut the fuck up! But he knew he had fucked up, so that nigga ran off and shit. He tried to mix in with the other giraffes and shit. They going, We see your ass, Dwayne. You know damn well you weren t supposed to kick that lady. And chickens have had a hard couple of years. Ooh. It s got to be rough if you a damn chicken when you think about it. ‘Cause chickens, man, we love damn chicken. So if you a chicken, you can t be out on the farm making plans and shit. Talking about, Yeah, I think next Saturday we should all get together and go over to Reggie s house… nigga, you going to be 86ed Wednesday. Your ass ain t gonna make it to goddamn Saturday. You gonna be on somebody s grill, dawg. There s been a lot of controversy around chicken. The last couple of years… It started with the Chick-fil-A man. The Chick-fil-A man didn t want gay people to eat chicken. He made a statement and everything. Your ass gay, don t come over here and eat no motherfucking chicken. I could be paraphrasing. I could be off a little bit. But I believe it s an exact quote if you look it up. Don t bring your punk ass here to eat no goddamn chicken. I could be off by a word or two, but I believe it s somewhere right in there. He s like, Don t bring your punk ass over here try to eat no goddamn chicken up in here, is what I m saying. Damn, Chick-fil-A man, that s aggressive. Black people, we had to deal with it a couple of years ago with, you know, Mary J. Blige. She ended up singing the chicken song for Burger King and that kind of offended us. Well, one, that s a stereotype that we love chicken. You know. And we do. We just don t want no motherfucker singing about that shit though. It s already hard enough. We can t eat watermelon at the company picnic, nigga. We be at the company picnic like, You know damn well y all waiting on me to get that goddamn watermelon. I ain t doing that. You like, Trevor, put some watermelon on your plate and bring that shit over here for me, man. I ain t doing that shit. I wasn t even really upset that Mary J. had sang about chicken. I was more upset that she Mary J. Bliged the shit more than anything. You ever hear the song? I want some chicken With lettuce Lettuce and cheese I want some chicken I m like, Mary, no, you didn t just Mary J. that bitch like that. When I found out she got paid $2 million to sing that song, I was like, Shit. Somebody going to ask me, Ced, would you do that shit? Sell out like that for $2 million? I m like, nigga, for $2 million , I ll sing the song as Mary J. Blige, nigga. I m talking about boots on and everything. Whole thing. $2 million. I d sing the chicken national anthem so goddamn well. You d look up, nigga, I d be, Oh, say Can you see Order me a two-piece With some wings and some pie Oh, yes, I love me some Popeye And I love KFC Church s really do please me. Hey, Nashville! That s my time, man! I appreciate y all. Cedric the Entertainer. Thank y all for being here. A holler! [marching band playing] Thank y all! Appreciate it. Give it up for Ced – Cedric – Give it up for Ced Damn, that s hot. Give it up for Ced Cedric Bam! I m center stage. I want to feel it right away. We can fire it up. Just get like… Give it up for Ced Does it make it weird? The Entertainer – I m a great dancer. I was on Soul Train. [laughing] I like what s happening, what s goin on. [jazz music continues] Let s check it out. Yeah, come up, rock, boom, boom. It s a lot of choreography. Catch your breath. [chuckles] Soon as the band starts up, y all get to rocking though. They going off. This is it. [music stops] It s all right. [chuckles] It done blazing, right? [imitating drumming] [music ends]

ILIZA SHLESINGER@CONFIRMED KILLS@2016@Chicago, are you ready? Party goblins, are you ready? Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome to the stage, Iliza! Chicago! Thank you! Thank you for having me. I d like to discuss something with you. There are two kinds of hungover. There s the kind of hungover where you wake up the next morning and you re like, What? I touched his penis over his jeans? It s okay, I m sassy. And then… there s the kind of hungover where whatever happened the night before wasn t even your fault. Because you weren t mentally present for any of it. For twas not you that was is charge. ‘Twas your party goblin! Yeah. Just so you know, your party goblin sleeps in the back of your brain. For those of you that are unfamiliar with my work, she sleeps in the back of your brain – and she waits… – on a pile of rags… and regrets… and old Tiger Beat magazines. She waits! For the perfect opportunity. She s back there in your brain, sleeping her goblin sleep, just… Channing Tatum, stick of butter. And she will awaken… when she hears you say… I guess I ll just come out for one drink.  I ll just come out for one because I have to be up early. Eat that sandwich out of the garbage and text your ex-boyfriend that you love him then turn your phone off! And by the way, there is zero culpability on the part of your party goblin. She s not there the next morning like, Oh, my God, are you okay? Do you need Pedialyte? No! She doesn t give a fuck. She straight up ghosts at, like, 3:00 a.m. when you re shit-faced in the back of an Uber, right? You scooped yourself into the back of this car. Your crowing achievement of the evening is that you didn t die. And we ve all had that moment. Anybody that s been out drinking, you ve been out, it s been loud, there s been yelling, dancing, you stole an ambulance, it s been a crazy night. We ve all had that moment of solitary drunken serenity where you get in the back of the car and you shut the door and for the first time all night it s quiet. And you think, Oh, my God, I made it. Followed by, I m gonna throw up. And the car is going, you re like, Oh, fuck! You re trying to hold it in, right? You roll the window down. You re like, Agh! It s too much air! You roll the window back up. You re like, Too much me! You crack the window. You re like, No! The vomit s coming up. It s right here, like A1 Steak Sauce, it gets you here. You re like, Uhh! You re trying to focus on anything to distract you. You re listening to the radio. For the first time ever, you re paying attention to the words of a Pitbull song. You re like… # Uno, dos, tres… # We get it! We get it! You look at party goblin, she s loving it. She s got her head out her window like… And you know it s your party goblin that got you by the manner in which you wake up the next morning. If you wake up. If you wake up, Chicago. You wake up… When party goblin gets you, you wake up on your couch. Beds are for closers. You wake up on your couch, okay? You ever pass out on a pillow so hard, you get a cushion scar down the side of your face? And you wake up, no idea where you are, no idea where you were. You check your wrist, it s just a dirty patchwork of entry stamps. Putting the pieces together from the night before is like the plot from Memento. No idea. You check your Instagram feed, it s a blurry feed of pictures you took of your own face from this angle. It s just me and three girls in a bathroom in East LA like, Squad goals. Who the fuck are they? I don t know, but I think I m in the gang now, right? No idea what you did the night before. We… I… You know when party goblin gets you by the amount that you sleep. I slept for 15 hours the other day. I slept so long, my muscles atrophied. Okay? I turned to fucking stone. You ever pass out with your full body weight on your hands, like… No blood in, no blood out. Your hands are just purple, bloated flippers. I slept so long, I almost died. Like, there was a point at around 4:00 p.m. where my soul was like, Should I just go? There s different kinds of drunk. Some people think they get smarter when they re drunk, some people wanna talk. The Latin phrase is in vino veritas, which means, in wine, there s truth, which is why when girls get drunk, we re always like, Can I just tell you a secret?  I don t have a neck. I don t really make a lot of drunk mistakes but I worry when I make dumb decisions when I m drunk for this simple fact. In my group of friends, I m the alpha. I decide what we do. Obviously. I pick the restaurants, I pick the bars, mostly because no one cares, but I am the decision-maker. And what worries me is, if I m doing stupid shit when I m drunk, what hope do the sheep who I lead have… if that s my example? So this is the story of one such night. So, we were out the other night and we were shit-canned. Like, the kind of drunk where you can t even read. And then you realize it s because… you re in China Town. Actually, you know you re fucked up when you re in China Town and you can read. Ohhh! Ancient secrets, not so hidden. So… We re drunk and we re walking through China Town and we walk into a bar. I m reticent to say that it s a club because I m 33, but there was a dance floor, a DJ and I had on a little body glitter, okay! You re probably wondering, Why are you wearing body glitter? I will tell you, Chicago. Because my date was late to pick me up. Gentlemen! You need to know this about women. When we get ready, we have a list of things we do to reach our most attractive point. There is an apex, nay, a pinnacle of beauty… that women reach when they re getting ready. And every minute you re late to get us is one more minute we spend doubting ourselves, dicking with our makeup, and we get incrementally uglier… as time goes on. One time, my date was an hour late, I grew a tail. This guy was only 30 minutes late, thank God. He walks in, I m on the ground, there s caboodle shrapnel everywhere. I ve got a Wet N Wild lip gloss wand, I m like, I m a pretty girl!  Save yourself. But what happens is, we have time, so we start to add things, doubt ourselves. That s where I found that glitter. He s not here. What s this? In hindsight, it wasn t body glitter, it was straight-up craft glitter. But I was like, I m gonna put it on my face, make it dainty. Do you ever feel that? Do you ever feel that you can make something work? Do you ever feel that because you re not trashy, you can pull off doing something that s trashy? You re like, I can wear fishnet stockings, I went to Stanford. Like it s okay for some reason. That s how I felt about that body glitter. I was like, I ll just do a little bit. I ll do a classy amount. I m just gonna do a little bit. Fun fact, you know what body glitter up close looks like? Conjunctivitis. Like, real up close. I ll do a little. Five minutes later, Maybe just highlight the orbital rim. That way when we re dancing, the light will hit it and it ll be like, ‘Bing, anime! Ah! Keep going. Keep going. Five more minutes later, Maybe I ll bring a little bit down here and highlight the jawbone so he knows I, what, come from good chewing stock? Five more minutes later, sparkle fish! So now… I look like a goddamn road flare and we re in public. So… We walk into this bar and one of the difficult parts about being a woman, besides everything, is that… It s really hard. Is that you re constantly battling with yourself. In the long run, we re battling our weight, hair color, wrinkles. Minute to minute, it s just an adjustment of your hair and your bra and your underwear and your makeup and your mustache, braid it, bead it, set it. You re always doing something. Because if one thing is off, then the night is ruined, Scott, okay? One time, I left my house without mascara on. I did a U-turn on a four-lane highway. Like, No!  They will see the whites of my eyes! Everything has to be perfect. And guys, it s exhausting. It s exhausting being a girl. Did you know, fun scientific fact that I made up on the way here, that women get four minutes out of every night, four minutes out of every night where our brain sends a message to our body saying, Everything s okay, stop messing with it ? Four minutes out of every night where your brain sends a message to your body like, Homeostasis achieved. You re like… And the rest of the time, it s just mayhem! Everything has to be perfect. So, we walk into this bar, my first thought… I gotta fix my lip liner. Now! I m not even a big lip liner wearer, but in that moment, twas everything. In that moment, I believed fixing my lip liner is what stood between me and eternal happiness, okay? I had to take a liner, I had to find my liner and line my chola lips, okay? That s what I had to do. So glad that got a response. In North Carolina, nothing. Okay. Had to fix my lip liner, had to be right then. To the gentlemen in the room, I don t expect you to understand the urgency with which I had to fix my lip liner. The only thing I could liken it to in male culture is, like… when you feel you have to adjust your balls. Similar immediacy. As we ve seen, unfortunately. When you feel that s gotta happen, it s gotta happen now! Go! Go! Go! In front of children, Christmas Eve, family portrait, messing with my dick. # Messing with my dick in public # Wahoo! # It s a dick puzzle and I m solving it now # # Maximum comfort at any cost # # This is my right, Nancy, get off my back # So… So many guys right now have to adjust. They re like, I m not gonna do it! I believe that s what Elvis was doing. Makes sense. Needed my liner. Now you understand that I needed it, guys, okay? Needed the fucking liner. That means I had to find the liner in my bag. However, I had a big bag. There s a very specific way that women will search for something when we have a big bag. What do you do? You take a designated search claw… and you plunge it. Never breaking eye contact with your prey, I mean your date. Notice I haven t blinked, Chicago. Dedication acting. The constant eye contact being a reminder that, yes, I can multitask and keep talking. I ll make a great partner. Marry me. Meanwhile, to the outside world, it looks like you re wrestling with a very small bass. If you re a pro, you keep conversation moving. Still haven t blinked. If you re a pro, you keep conversation moving. I m listening. Keep talking. Keep talking. I can look and listen. Say FanDuel one more time, motherfucker. I m listening. You re digging around in there. Meanwhile, as a woman, you re having to come to terms with the seventh layer of hell that is the bottom of your bag. It s just a graveyard of dismembered pens, there s coins. Why is there always a Nature s Valley granola bar crumbled… at the bottom? You stick your hand down, you come up with oats between your fingernails. You re like, Ow! Ow! Digging around. A gym lock, a phone charger, a concealer without its lid. Why? Why can t we make them with retractable lids that don t break off? Because you stick your hand down there, unknowingly you come up with one creamy finger. You re like, No!  No! But it was expensive, so you re like, No! So now you look amazing. Keep looking, keep looking. Bits of paper. A sock. Keep looking. Tampon out of its wrapper. Maybe I keep it. No, I ll get sick. Digging around. If it s out of the wrapper, don t keep it. Sometimes it s like, I ll just… Don t blow on it and… You re gonna get dysentery, you ll never finish the Oregon Trail. Seven or eight seconds go by, I cannot find my lip liner. Seven or eight seconds go by, which in girl years is, like, forever, I cannot find my lip liner. So, what s a logical thing to do? Maybe use the other hand to add to the search, right? To aid in the excavation. Maybe get a cellular device to illuminate the situation. Not me! I dropped to my knees on a dance floor, dumped out the bag and start sifting through it like Helen Keller learning how to spell water. Fun fact. Girls, if you wanna let people around you know that you re absolutely not on the same mental playing field as them, a great way to do it, I found, is to dump our personal property onto a shared communal space, because that immediately lets other bar-goers know, I don t give a fuck!  Where is it? This body language, this body language, this feral-raccoon-like body language… was enough to alert the door guy. You re a door guy at a busy nightclub, you ve got a lot to deal with. However, he found my witch over a cauldron behavior… threatening enough to leave his post, flashlight in hand, and walk up to me. He was a big guy. He was, like, six-eight, black guy, good-looking. I had to say he was good-looking. Because I said he was black. Seems to be the face of thinly-veiled political correctness in our country, if you say someone s color, other than white, you must assign them an accolade, deserved or otherwise, to prove that you re not racist, when in the first place, I wasn t fucking racist, I was giving you an accurate depiction of the events that transpired. I didn t see his face! Dude had a flashlight in my eye! I can tell you this much. Black, white or other, there s no way he was hot. He s six-eight. They get weird-looking after a certain height, okay? Structurally, it gets weird. Okay. I am not wrong. #IAmNotWrong Okay, so… It s true. There s no hot giants. So he Shreks up to me… And I feel his presence and I see the ball of light and I hear his voice and he goes, Everything a ight over here? Fucking no, dude, everything is most definitely not a ight. I m on the floor. I don t exist on this plane. Fun fact about being on the floor. As an adult, when you choose to take it to this place, you lose all credibility. Nobody wants to hear the prerogative of someone on the floor. If you have to crane your neck up to explain yourself, you are fucked, okay? You don t believe me? You ever tried to get the life story of someone sitting on a curb? No. Because they were sitting on a fucking curb and you didn t wanna talk to them. They were someone who s drunk, on a lot of meth or like a really pissed off bridesmaid just waiting for the service to be over. But now I m on the floor and I m nervous because that s an authority figure and in my head I m like, Oh, fuck, I m gonna go a bar jail.  What if they repossess my wedges? But I was drunk and in my head I m like, It s cool. Be smart. Explain what you re doing. Whatever you do, Iliza, just sound intelligent. Instead, what came out of my mouth was, I gotta find my lip liner, man! And… what I feel he understood, nay respected, nay… Neigh. Resonated with wasn t that I had to find my lip liner. What I feel he understood was the sheer amount of white-girl crazy… coming out from behind my eye. Because he then gave me the international verbal sign for, I respect you and fear you, I m going to back off, which is… A ight, then. And he just walked away. I never found my lip liner. It was, like, in my other bag. I didn t like that experience. I didn t like being on the floor. And I didn t like being on the floor for a very specific reason. As a woman, I didn t need a reminder of how vulnerable women are on a day-to-day basis. Being on the floor, it s a very vulnerable place. I didn t need that reminder. And women in our society are vulnerable by virtue of the fact that we are physically not as strong as men. That s the root of the issue, that s the root of the oppression. And that s the root of oppression of any side of war throughout history. One side was stronger, they get to make the rules. Do you think for a second that if women were physically stronger than men we would ve waited for the right to vote? It s 1910, some jacked-up housewife is just putting up weight in her garage. She s got a shaker of horse testosterone and creatine. Her little husband comes in, he s like, You re not voting. She d be like… Out of the way, Jedediah.  Mama s going to the polls. It s physical strength, that s the root of the issue. Physical strength. And they try to placate women. They try to tell us we re other types of strong. Sure. But none that matter as much as physical strength. Well, you re a woman, so… mentally strong. Mentally strong. You put up with him all day, huh? Pfft! Mentally strong. Mentally strong? What do I do with that? Mentally strong. What do I do when a rapist runs at me? Math? It s physical strength. Physical strength is what counts when it comes to protecting yourself and women are only naturally physically super-human strong when it comes to two things. The first is a recent one, and that s CrossFit, which… It s enough, by the way. It s a cult. Okay? It s insane. It goes… Scientology, CrossFit, people without celiac disease that don t eat gluten. It s a cult, okay? It s enough. I can deadlift 600 pounds. Cool. What Starbucks do you work at? What are you… Guard a village. Join up. What are you doing with that muscle, all the horse meat? The workouts that they re doing, it s all snake oil, I believe, okay? Push-ups, sit-ups, pull-ups, the foundations of a military workout, these are applicable in the rest of your life. Instead, they ve got a father of six at 7 a.m. flipping a monster truck tire? Why? When do you need that? When do you need to know the form for that? What post-apocalyptic gorilla playground… are you gonna find yourself in? Why don t we give you an empty suitcase to throw around your cage, Peaches? And the rope thing. There are other ways to build up your pectoral muscles. Men have been doing it for centuries. Instead they ve got you using a rope. When are you gonna use that? Timmy s stuck down by the dock under some boat rope!  I got it! And the only time that women are naturally, exceptionally physically strong is when it comes to childbirth. And that s amazing. Yes. It d be amazing if those were all men with, like, really high-pitched voices. It s an amazing amount of super-human strength that unfairly women only get to tap into when they re having a baby. You only get to tap into that super-human strength once, maybe twice a year, but that second baby s gonna be very tiny. You only get to use it then. That s a disproportionate amount of strength. Mother Nature is playing a cruel joke on us. Do you know how many pounds of pressure per square snootch inch it takes to deliver a baby? We re not even using our hands! You re like python-like digesting a goat. Get out of there! Using fucking grit and rage and, like, a mother s love, but just, Aghh! Sparta! Just fucking going. You can do that with your body, yet the rest of the year, we have trouble not doing push-ups on our knees. That doesn t seem fair. We re only exceptionally strong when it comes to children. We have something called mama bear strength. So that means when your child is in danger, your child, someone else s child, Sorry, junior. Your child… Lift the piano off your legs yourself, okay, I m not your mama. When your child is in danger, in that moment, through adrenaline, you can develop super-human strength and save the baby. So if your child is trapped under a car, you can go ahead and flip that Buick like an orangutan, no problem. Yet if you re a single girl walking alone on a Saturday night and some maniac runs at you, what s your defense? Like, No, two plus two is four. We re millennials, we d probably use our phone calculators. That s why sexual harassment is such a big deal. It really has less to do with the disgusting thing a man feels he has the right to yell at you out of van or a truck. Never out of a Civic for some reason. But for the girls that might not know, you can wear whatever you want. It doesn t give someone the right to treat you like an animal. You can wear whatever you want. You can leave the house out naked. You will go to jail, but you can do whatever you want. But it has less to do with what a man is yelling at you, and nobody wants to say this, but I will, what it has to do with is the underlying notion that if that man wanted to act on it, he could. And if you don t believe me, every girl knows what it s like, a guy yells something disgusting at you, and because you re strong, you yell back. He s like, Nice tits. You re like, Fuck off! Immediately followed by, What if he kills me? Like, there s that moment. Hoping to God that your bark was big enough that you don t have to take a lady bite. Being sexually harassed is the worst. I m sorry, let me rephrase that. Being sexually harassed by an ugly guy is the worst. If he s hot, it s just plain old flirting. No one s ever been like, Get away from me, you model! That s fine. It has to do also with an unrequited, uninvited sexual energy. And women are very aware of that. Every woman in here knows what it feels like to have a guy s eyes on you when you find him attractive. It s the best feeling. When you see hot guys and you walk by, you re like, Hope they re looking at my butt. I feel so good about my little haunches. When the dudes are gross and you walk by, you re like, Please don t look at my butt, please don t look at my butt. Having someone sexually harass you, it s their energy on you. It feels like you re getting shot with a dick gun. That s what it feels like. Minding your own business, like, I love being an independent woman.  Nice tits!  Agh! Aw, he got a boner for free. Women have to think about these things. It s hard being a girl. I haven t been a guy in, like, a while, but it is difficult. And we re constantly questioning ourselves and we re constantly being told that what we feel is wrong and how we look is wrong. And we tell it to little girls and it sticks with us. Take a man and a woman shopping. Nothing will fit because fashion is the enemy, for sure. But nothing will fit the woman for negative reasons and nothing will fit the guy for positive reasons. Take a woman shopping, Nothing fits, my arms are fat, my thighs are big, I m fucking gross, I hate my body. Take a guy shopping, an average man of average build, five-ten, 170, Nah, I can t buy off the rack because my shoulders are so abnormally broad. I m tall. For my height, my waist tapers at such an Adonis-like angle. My dick is so girthy, I can only wear JNCOs.  It s hard for me. These are good things. Women are told to change. It s okay if men are the same. That s why we have stereotypes. That s why you ve got the stereotype of your Grandpa, I sit in my chair, I drink my beer, I ve got the remote, I fought in Korea, don t fucking talk to me, right? I m not moving, you move! Women aren t like that, right? What do women do? I m taking a class. Love classes. I m learning more about Cheryl.  I m meeting Cindy for the first time. There s two women in this monologue. I m two different women, it s fine. I m learning to breathe. I m getting a sense of myself. I m canning. I m canning my own beets. For no reason. I live in the middle of a city. I just thought I wanted to connect. I m canning my own shit now. I take it, put it in there, I let it solidify, I make jewelry, I sell it on Etsy. It s nice pocket money.  I m learning about myself. I m learning to breathe. I m cutting my own hair.  I m learning to make my own tea, putting the hair in the tea, I drink my hair. Changing. We always wanna change a little bit, right? Always wanna lose a little bit of weight. No matter what your body looks like. I just wanna lose, like, five pounds. We think that s the answer. Just wanna lose, like, five pounds.  Just wanna lose, like, five pounds before lunch.  So I can have more lunch. Because we think being skinny is the answer, right? It s not even enough to be skinny, is it? It s not even enough to be thin, is it? You have to be the thinnest out of your friends, who you hate. You don t believe me? Look at any Instagram picture of more than four women. It s a fucking pose-off. Dudes don t care. They ll turn around like gorillas mid-meal. Take the picture, I don t care. Fucking… Girls, it s like a Mr. Universe, like, Fucking line up! Line up! Make it pointy! Concave! Make it fucking pointy! Kisses. Neck vein. Look at the motherfucking neck vein. Hamstring. Happy birthday, Stacey. It s not enough to just be thin, right? You wanna be the kind of thin where your friends… are worried for you. So thin. Horrible looking. Stalking around Gap Kids. I wear a youth large, thank you. Right? Fucking femur for days. Right? Mr. Peanut Legs coming out six seconds ahead of you. Like an R. Crumb comic book thinner, right? Just walking around, baby stegosaurus spine. Clothes hanging like moss off a willow tree. A fucking clavicle you can serve soup out of. Yeah! So happy! I like my body, but I always… Everybody wants to change something, right? I just wanted have shoulders that were so frail and tiny, little bird shoulders. Do they even have shoulders? No, it s just… That s what I want, I want no shoulders. I want the kind of shoulders where my bra strap just falls down. Just floppy hair. Ohh. Whoops. Men love it. They love it. They go crazy. One strap… Because it s one less thing they gotta do, right? It s not my fault I think that s attractive. You see it on lingerie ads in magazines. The women are on the bed, bra strap. Men love vulnerability and that s what that represents. Not me, I like a strong woman. Bullshit. Vulnerability. Help me. Open this jar. Please help me. They love it. What does the bra strap down represent? You re not supported. When your tits are flopping around, you can t run away. Yeah! I want that. I want that bone structure, right? I wanna have those shoulders. I wanna look like the girl on the cover of the playbill for Les Mis. Just… Oh, monsieur! It s a ten-year-old French girl. Still, I want those bones. They do, men love vulnerability, right? That s why the thin thing is the thing. That s why women are expected to be… You can t have a baby if you re this big. That s why we have to be… garden party. Like that kind of thin. Because if women are thin, there s no nutrition, so you re cold, you don t leave the house, you don t vote. Yeah! That s why every model has that vulnerable look. That s why models look like you uncovered a refugee from under a manhole cover. Ohhh! Gucci. They love vulnerability. And we do things to make ourselves vulnerable. Strong women are told to tone it down, right? But men are told to toughen up. We don t let men be vulnerable. That s not fair. But I can t help you because I m a girl and I can only fight one fight at a time. If you wanna come to my green room and cry after, I will… laugh at you. But, no… But we tell strong women to bring it down, right? High heels? Why do you wear high heels? So you what? Can t run from your attacker. Good. Smoky eye makeup? Why does that make sense? What are you doing? You take the makeup, grind it into your eye. Why is that attractive? I figured it out. Smoky eye makeup makes you look like you what? Just choked on a dick and cried. Good. I am not wrong. It s a little off-brand for me. I am not wrong. It s not enough to be thin ever! You gotta be gaunt to the point of extinction. The kind of thin where it s like, What up, bitches? Find me. That kind of thin. Maybe I m being unfair. Maybe it s a cultural thing. I can only truly speak from the perspective of what I am. I m an upper-middle-class white woman. Hope I die that way. And the expectation of being thin has been put on us for about 100 years. That s been the look. The like… Uhh, come, have some tea. Yes, these jeans are high. That s not weird. We like that look. And that s a hard look to achieve. Some women die trying to be thin. And it was only in the last… forty years that women of color and women of other ethnicities rose to prominence and made it socially acceptable, nay attractive, to have the body of a grown woman. Jennifer Lopez came out of nowhere with the backside of a brontosaurus, like… Que paso? And it became attractive. And somewhere, with everybody having an agenda in our social conversation, it became okay to tell white girls to their faces, You re fat. Kill yourself. Bullying us on Facebook. Because you re white, so life must be easy. Which, I m not gonna lie, it s great. Being white is great. But… It became okay to say that because we are not spicy, right? White women don t have a fire in them. There s not a chili pepper here. Inside here is a scoop of Breyer s vanilla bean ice cream. And we ll take it. Your boyfriend tells you you re fat, we ll be like, I m sorry, Chad, please don t get out of the kayak.  We re gonna have an afternoon. I brought Jenga. You know who has an unshakeable sense of self-esteem? Black women. You… Yes! You cannot tell a sister on her something isn t working. She won t believe it. Try it. Say to a black girl, I don t like those jeans. First of all, I dare you. It will not rattle her for a second. Be like, I don t like those jeans. She ll be like, Bullshit. I see you looking. Girls, if you want respect, you re gonna have to take it. It s 2016. Let s learn math, let s learn science, let s drop the body issues, okay? Don t let anybody make you feel less than. Your bodies are perfect as they are. And if you want respect, you have to command respect, not demand it. Two totally different things. Commanding respect is in the actions, it s the way that we speak about each other, it s the way that you speak about yourself. If your whole agenda is to be sexual, and confusing being sexual with empowerment, and talking about fucking and sex all the time, thinking that that s the reason that women are empowered, you re fucking wrong. It comes with the way you treat yourself. Don t call each other whores. Don t call each other sluts. Because when you do that, society looks at you and they say, Oh, it s okay to talk to women that way. You teach people how to treat you. Let s get rid of the phrase walk of shame. What is that one? What is walk of shame? I don t understand that. I ve never had a walk of shame. What could that be? Walk of shame. What s there to be shameful about? What s the shame in the fact that he and I went out, we had the same amount of vodka, he got too drunk to get it up, so he passed out, then I used his credit card to buy $100 worth of Chinese and stole his golf clubs? Walk of shame! We re starting from behind here, girls, we ve gotta say smarter things. From now on… Let s make a pact. From now on, I don t wanna hear any more women talk about how they wanna be… mermaids. Okay? Okay? It s stupid. And I m not trying to be a bitch, but it s probably not gonna happen for you. Okay? Literally, you don t have the bone structure. What worries me, I see it a lot and it s not from children, it s grown women, like, I don t wanna be adult any more. I wanna be a mermaid. You… The amount of escapism that s in that sentence! You wanna move to the woods, you wanna make jam, fine. At least you re still paying taxes. You wanna be a mermaid? That means all of your achievements in life are gonna lead to you being a fictional fuck toy for a horny sailor. That s what you want? That s what mermaids are! Read a book! Because I see it a lot. T-shirts, right? I am a mermaid.  Yo soy mermaid.  Je suis mermaid. Let s discuss the logistics… of being a mermaid, so that you have the information. If and when the job opportunity presents itself on LinkedIn… you can make an informed decision, okay? If you are a mermaid, you don t sleep. Girls are like, Oh, my God, I love sleeping.  None for you. Just swim. It s chugging Mountain Dew Code Red. There are no beds, but there is Mountain Dew Code Red. You re some white-trash jacked-up mermaid just swimming, swimming. And by the way, you don t have fins. Remember, you re half-human. So you ve got arms. You ve got these thick-ass traps, just swimming. You can t stop swimming, because if you do, something will try to eat you, fuck you or kill you, okay? It s not dissimilar to being a woman in a downtown area. So just swimming, swimming. Now, you re swimming all day, you re probably pretty hungry, right? How are you gonna catch food? Remember, you re half-human. We don t have animal-catching accoutrements, like claws and tentacles and lasers. We don t have those kind of things. We have big brains. So I don t know what you re gonna do. Maybe talk a crab to death. Like, Excuse me. Excuse me. I was thinking of double majoring in psychology and communications. Excuse me. Excuse me. Are you a cancer? So now… you re hungry, you re tired, you re like, I don t care because I m gonna lay on the beach like a mermaid. No, you won t. Sailors are gonna try to fuck you and the Japanese will definitely try to eat you just for funsies, okay? You re swimming around like, I don t care because I ll have long, flowing hair. No, you won t. You ever go in the ocean? You guys aren t on an ocean, you re on a lake. You re a lake mermaid? What are you, half trout? Kill yourself. Ohh! Freshwater mermaid? What if you got, like, the weird end of the genetic pool and you were half turtle? No tail but just half… Long flowing mermaid hair. You re not gonna have that. You ever go in the water when there s waves? You won t have long flowing hair. You re going to have one giant mer-dread. And it s just gonna follow you. It s just one big old mer-lock and it s getting caught on propellers, it s getting caught on anchors. There s sea lice living in your mer-dread because that s a warm, hospitable environment. Then there s fish feeding off those sea lice. There s an entire sustainable maritime ecosystem attached to your fucking head. You drag it around. Sea lice are nipping at your scalp. You gotta get rid of it, right? You re like, I ll just cut it off. Ain t no scissors in the ocean, all right? I don t care what the Little Mermaid told us because she was a liar and a hoarder. Hoarder! We let it go because she was pretty, but she was super-gross. # Look at this stuff, isn t it neat? # That s a used toothbrush. Don t put it in your… Ohh! Ohh! Ohh! You re gonna get sick! Still gotta get rid of that mer-dread because it s a hazard, so what do you do? You have to get another fish to help you. You have to do what they do in the animal kingdom. You must what? You must what? Who here took marine biology? You have to what? Form a symbiotic relationship with other marine life. Good. And have that fish… come in with his fish tooth and just saw off your mer-dread, right? It s gonna be bad-looking. But now, remember, you gotta pay that fish back. That s the nature of a symbiotic relationship, you must reciprocate. How you gonna pay that fish back? You ain t got no money, shell-tits. I hate to say it, but the only thing you have… is fish sex and I don t know if you have a vagina because I m not an ichthyologist and I don t know how fish work. I should ve looked it up before the taping but I m just trying to tell you some jokes and I think I ve done a pretty good job. You know what fish do? They poop. You ve got a fish butt. So think about that. So. So now you re swimming around, you re hungry, you re tired, you ve got a fucked-up haircut, you re like a little sore, you re like… I don t care. I m gonna be a mermaid. I m gonna swim. Because I will swim like a mermaid. Let s remember how mermaids allegedly, because they are not real, swim. They swim… like dolphins. Hey, ladies, do you love ab day at the gym? Well, that s your fucking life, sister! 37. 38. Just trying to get through. Your entire existence is that of an R. Kelly backup dancer. Just swimming through the nineties. So, you can be a mermaid or you can always get a job in front of a used car dealership. No mermaids. We can do better. No mermaids. I worry for women. I worry for men. I worry for our country. Is anybody else really worried for our country? So I m worried… And by the way, I am very proud to be an American and I love my country very much and I want the best for it. There s no joke, it s just a statement. I love being an American. What I m scared for… What I m scared about aren t so much the nightmares clawing at our front and back doors, both politically, foreign, domestic, economical, ecological, whatever. What I m scared about is the fact that, like, my generation is supposed to be grown-up and mature now. I represent the millennials. Perhaps you ve seen our Instagram pages. Yeah, we cheer for ourselves. We re the worst. I will say this as the Lorax of my generation, mustache, we… didn t ask to be spoiled. Our parents loved us and they gave us everything. That s the job of the generation prior, to give the next generation a better world than they had. So I m gonna apologize to my grandkids for the radioactive ball of foil and Diet Coke that they re gonna inherit from us. But that s what the people before you do. And I believe that this wave of entitlement started with our grandparents. Our grandparents were called the greatest generation, and I believe that they were. They selflessly gave and they made this country the idea of America that a lot of us miss. White people. The rest of us, it was horrible for most of them. But in general… The main points of it, okay? Your grandparents had to fight. They had no choice. Grandpa had to fight in World War II. Grandpa was straight-up drizafted, okay? He had no choice. And when he came home from the war, all he wanted to do was have a family, have a job, be a little racist and live the American dream, that s it. He fought, he got right to work. It s not like guys today who d be like, Oh, I just wanna backpack around Oregon and find myself. No! And they re allowed to say that because, whether you like them or not, our military does such a good job of defending us on a day-to-day basis. And I know that TSA blows. But they do such a good job that you re allowed to mentally check out. Like, if you don t like the war going on right now, unlike it on Facebook. You re allowed to do that. There was no concerted effort. You didn t have to fight. My point is, there was no day we all gathered in our town squares and threw our iPhones into the center so the military could use the scrap metal. What s this? A droid? Take it back, freak. We didn t have that. I think it s difficult to conceive of a world where you have to sacrifice so much and to understand what our grandparents did because now they re old, and when you think old, what do you think? Cute, right? Your grandparents are cute because they re tiny, shrinking. Pick them up, put them down, they don t like it, sprinkle water, Get it off me. And the whiter you are, the greater a chance there is that you ve developed some weird prerogative kitten-like nickname for your grandfather. Oh, it s not Grandpa anymore, it s like, This is my Nim-Nam.  This is my Yippers.  This is my Pip-Pop. Pip-Pop doesn t give a fuck. He s like, I was a prisoner of war for six years, call my Pip-Pop, I ve had worse.  Oh, my God, you guys, my Pip-Pop is so cute. Oh, my God, Pip-Pop, he s so cute, you guys. Sometimes at Christmas, when Pip-Pop falls asleep, we like to decorate him with Christmas bows. Isn t that funny? Silly Pip-Pop. Pip-Pop s got 53 confirmed kills! Don t think for a second Pip-Pop doesn t remember how to repurpose that Christmas bow around your neck to get the intel that he needs out of you. Sit the fuck down, Colton, Caleb, Ashton, Crashton, Crandon, whatever your fucking hipster name is, sit down! Pip-Pop came home from the war and then they had our parents. Our parents are called the baby boomers because Pip-Pop came home from Normandy and he was like, I m not dead. Boom, Gladys, let s fuck. And then… The baby boomers, ask your parents, were the first generation that were allowed to be artists on a mass scale. You didn t have to work on your family business, you could take drugs, rock ‘n roll, you could do and be what you wanted to be in the big city. The baby boomers had generation X. I don t care about them because I m a millennial. We showed up, got a trophy for breathing and then we invented Instagram. What s insane about Instagram is this. We use hashtags, right? Hashtag, formerly known as the pound sign. She got a makeover. What s weird about a hashtag… is this. The more hashtags there are under a posted picture on Instagram, the less likely the last hashtag is gonna have anything to do… with that posted picture. You got more than four hashtags under your picture, you are witnessing a human thought process devolve. By the end, it s just word association. Free word association. Bunch of people on the beach, Fourth of July, right? Fuck, yeah! #FourthBitches #Fourth #BeachDay #BDay #lndependenceDay #lndependentWoman #Beyonce Yes! #Blessed #IPayMyBills #BikiniBody #BeachBody #BoutThatLife #DontNeedAMan #DontWantAMan #NeverHadAMan #SometimesToFeelAHumanEmotion ILikeToDrinkMyOwnHair… What? What? What? Say something. Talking about? And then, because we re so hard on women, we re mean to women when they re proud of their bodies on Instagram. We only allow women to post pictures when they re a work in progress, right? Keep it going. If you re ever like, This is as good as it gets, fucking check it out! it s like, You whore. You showy fucking bitch. So instead of empowering women and letting them be proud of themselves, women have to shroud their pride in misdirect hashtags. So you ve got a generation of girls proud of their bodies in a bathroom like this, and rather than be like, #CheckOutMyBodyImSoHappyWithMyself, instead she s like, #CheckOutTheGroutWorkOnTheseTiles. Who s looking at that? I broke up with my boyfriend a couple of months ago. Let me ask you a question. Have you ever dated someone who is… so pretty… but so stupid? Notice, it s girls cheering. All the guys are like, Yeah, I brought her here. Keep it moving!  I don t wanna get in a fight! So, men can do that. Women really can t. And the reasoning isn t because men are dicks, there s nothing like that, it has to do with the wiring of our brains. Men are visually stimulated, women, unfortunately, are cerebrally stimulated. Men are visual creatures. They have to be attracted to a woman before they can get to know how amazing she is inside. They have to be… A dude will date a Popsicle stick if it s got a wig. Like, it doesn t matter. That s why it s tough, because you wanna be a feminist, like, I don t have to get ready for a man, but that s what they re attracted to. Just the littlest bit. Everybody s got that one girlfriend that s like, I don t get it. I volunteer and I rescue animals and I m very sweet. It s like, Yeah, but you re so ugly so you have to… Just brush the hair! Just, anything! One tooth. You don t have to have it out there. He cannot check out your personality from across the room. That s all I m saying. No man has ever done that. No man has ever seen a woman who s sitting there nibbling on her nubs with, like, a gill… and walked up and been like, Excuse me, you re hideous, but you look like you might enjoy Tom Clancy, light nipple play and barbecue. Is that true? And women do stuff to make themselves physically attractive. Even if you re not trying that hard, most of the stuff we do is just to get men s attention. Shiny hair. Why is your hair shiny? It makes you look fertile. Thanks, Pantene. But that s why. There s no reason to have it shiny other than to get attention. You re not, like, deflecting a car light when you re running. Big eyes. Look at me! My lips look like a vagina and my boobs look like a butt and my butt looks like boobs. I m a Mrs. Potato Head. Mate with me! You may not like it, but I m not wrong. Women are cerebrally stimulated. That s why we say the number one thing we look for in a man is a conversation. Someone I can talk to. Sense of humor. I have dated gutter goblins who were just, like, really funny and smart. I just wanna talk to him. It s sexy. I just want someone I can talk to. At. Just sit there and breathe, Steve. We need that back and forth. We have to be able to talk. And it s something that we need, and yet we re chastised for it. You ever been called a chatty Cathy ? By an idiot, but still, ever been called that? A couple of girls just yipping away, huh? She ll talk your ear off. Bunch of giblets in a henhouse. No-one says giblets in a hen… That means the chicken s already dead. Women are always chastised for talking a lot. The reason women talk goes back thousands of years. The reason women talk a lot, have a proclivity for speaking… Mm! Is when men would go out and hunt and fight and get animals, otherwise known as hunting… Go get an animal. Women stayed behind… And we raised the kids and we made food. And because the world wasn t really a thing yet, we exchanged survival secrets. We would tell each other things like, Oh, don t eat that berry, it ll make your husband s dick fall off.  Don t wipe with that leaf, I found in my studies that it really hurts your vagina. You had to exchange this information to keep your tribe alive. Now, that s devolved to, What color lip gloss? but it s the exchange of information. Girls gather and then share. So guys, when we re talking and it bothers you, just know we re trying to make it so your dick doesn t fall off! That s what we re doing. Trying to help you! Trying to help you live! Nothing wrong with it. I ll say it. I m a feminist. You know what? I ll say it for the women that don t know to say it. And you might not be comfortable with it. Because a lot of women are like, I love being a woman, but I m not a feminist. What are you, a horse? Like, what are the other options? Let me clarify it… for the men and the women who might not have a clear idea. Being a feminist means you just wanna be treated fairly, you just want it even, no more, no less. Maybe like a little bit more. You just wanna get the same. And a lot of women don t like to say they re feminists because they don t think it sounds attractive, right? Which is inherently an issue in and of itself. Because men think feminist, they have a bad idea of it. Guys think of some square-jawed broad with three chin hairs and a power suit, like, I m gonna kick you in the dick and take your job! That s not what we want. We just want it even. If we re gonna be feminists, let s start with something fun. Wage gap, gotta close that. But let s start with something everybody wants to deal with. Yeah, for sure. Duh! Let s start with porn. Because even if you re a woman and you love being a porn star, it s still you taking it for, like, three hours, you re getting paid 30 percent less and he s actually getting off, so let s make some feminist porn. Let s see a porn where a girl kicks a door in, like… Who wants to lick it? Line up! Go! Go! Next! Go! Beat your best time. Go! That s so gross. So off-brand. So gross. Now, all the girls are cheering, because in theory, that s empowering. But in practice, horrific. That would be horrible. No woman could withstand that. Halfway through the second guy, we d all be like, Okay, okay, okay, okay!  It s sensitive! I need a minute!  I just need a minute! I just need a minute. Don t hug me. I m not mad, I just need a minute.  Why don t you go order us a pizza? I ll fire up my Pinterest page. Let me ask you a question. This is for the girls in the audience. This is a very real question, very real statement. Have you ever been… Have you ever been having sex with your boyfriend and you re not into it, like, obviously, and then all of a sudden, you start to get really excited? Not so much from physical stimulation, but because mentally you re like… This is almost done. And when it is done… we shall go to the farmers market! You plan out the whole day. Guys, you have to make sure her head is in the game, no pun intended, but, like, pun intended for sure. I don t think we check in with each other enough as opposite sexes. Men think because she s making noises they hear in movies, she s enjoying it. Women are like, I m making noises, let s fucking get it over with. If you care about the girl, you gotta make sure she s getting what she wants. And girls, the best thing you can do, if you have great sex, the best thing you can do the second sex is over is… not talk to him. Sounds horrible. It s actually to your benefit. That s not your boyfriend lying next to you. That is a husk of a man… depleted of all bodily fluids… incapable of giving you the answer you deserve. And I get it. You just had sex, you re feeling great, oxytocin is flowing, you just hosted a human being inside of you… You love him and you wanna talk about the future. He can t do it. You look at him and say, What are you thinking about? He s laying there, dust. Ohh. Get him a Gatorade, give him five. He can t answer you. You ll be like, What are you thinking about? He ll never, ever be like, You in a wedding dress. But guys, if you love your girl, check in with her. Because you re far away. She s up there. You re here like, I m amazing. I ll bet she fucking loves this. And we re down there like, I wonder if lavender is in season. Still back there. Siri, is lavender…  Calling Mom Cell.  No, Siri!  No! Snap. The moral of that story is I was in a relationship and I wasn t happy, so I left the relationship. I m not advocating for leaving the person you re with. What I am advocating for is this. If you re not happy, there s no reason to stay out of fear of being alone. We like to scare women. And I m sure there are men that feel this way. But we like to scare women when they re single and we like to be mean to them and we label them. We say mean things to them. She s a spinster. Old maid. Really involved with animal rescue. We have names like that. And we like to question them, as if there s something wrong. Why are you single?  Because the last one was a dick and I m not stupid. Like, that s why you do it. Nobody wakes up married. Nobody is born betrothed to someone. We have to be kinder to women and stop doing it. And we have the audacity to have magazines, self-help books, articles, posing the question, You re single. Now what? You re single. Now what? What do you mean, Now what? Now I shave off an eyebrow and take up with wolves. What do you mean, Now what? What do you mean, Now what? I got a mortgage. How about fuck bitches, get money? It s so stupid. What upsets me is that women spend so much time and energy flogging themselves mentally for being single, and changing and trying different methods and looking for guys. And men don t have to do that. They have the luxury of relaxing because they don t have eggs. There are no articles in GQ like, You re single. Now what? There s none of that. The answer would always be, Now I can jerk off where I want. No-one bugs me. #Sandwich. The good part about traveling for the last year, I ve had time for myself. More time from my research. I don t do research. I just watch TV. But I wear a lab coat while I do it for the tax write-off. Before we get out of here, before we conclude this TED Talk… Does everybody here watch Shark Tank? So… All I want, all I want, is a live episode of Shark Tank. That s what I want. A live episode. It s a reality show. But if you watch it, you ll notice it s heavily edited, heavily produced, and what bothers me… is the presentations from the entrepreneurs are too polished. There s no grit to them. They come out like a fifth-grade Thanksgiving pageant. The natives called it maize. We bottled it. I don t wanna see that, okay? I want to see you mess up. I wanna see you trip. Maybe you forget your words. Maybe you chip a tooth. I wanna see you crumble as an entity before my eyes. Only then will I tolerate you rising from the ashes with any degree of hubris. That s the way to consume American reality TV. The sheer schadenfreude of watching someone shit themselves on TV and then building them back up. That s what we like to see. Okay? These are cattle farmers from the middle of Iowa and they get in front of a camera and suddenly they re Winston Churchill? I don t buy it, okay? I speak for a living and even I mess up, so there s no way these two fucking dye jobs from ASU with, like, a new take on cookies, there s no way! Flawlessly orating. There are three archetypes of women that they like to have on Shark Tank. They love to have moms, because most of us have moms. But what s crazy and, like, creepy is that all the moms on Shark Tank have the exact same voice. It s a little Stepfordian. They all sound like this. Hi, Sharks. My name s Nancy from Laguna Niguel and I ve discovered a new way to get your toddler to eat their blueberries. Then they have really smart women. They do. They ll have brilliant women. But it seems that the smarter the woman, the longer the last name. Like, they ll hyphenate their last names. I can t stand hyphenated last names. If you re in this room and you ve got a hyphenated last name, chop it in half! Okay? You re not Spanish royalty. Chop it! I barely care about your first name. Let alone the entire questionable heritage. When you have a hyphenated last name, all that makes me think is that mama was a big old strong lesbian and she didn t wanna give up her family inheritance so she begrudgingly married your father, now they have separate twin beds and are co-women s studies professors at Wellesley. It s also just so much information. I m trying to hear you, your valuation, listen to the equity, and you re coming up there with a phonebook, like, Hi, Sharks. My name s Michelle-Lida-Julia Freeman-Cereal.  And I m Rebecca-Lynn-Stacey Fitzgerald-Yang. And together, we sound like five dudes. Like, it s a lot… of information. Are you inventors or a law firm? Like, what is that? And then in the final category, the toy category, we have the hot women. Not attractive. Not cute. Fucking hot. Teeth, tan, tits, hair. Sharks! Sometimes they do this. They ll have very smart woman on the show. Sometimes it feels like the hotter the woman, the dumber the product. And I believe it s done to keep us in line. But… a lot of the time, the women s products have to do with two categories. It s either wrangling your femininity. Sharks, it s a flap you put over your vagina so no one knows you have one.  Move through the workplace with ease. Or it s a product so stupid, it will just confirm any preconceived notions you might have about female intelligence. Like, Sharks, it s a shower cap that you can wear while you re cooking so your hair doesn t smell! No! You just set us back, like, a week with that shit, Lexi. But that s the one that I d like to see live. The hot one. Because I believe watching an attractive woman mentally unravel… on national television is the reason we all watch reality TV. Up next are two sisters from Scottsdale, Arizona, with a new take on popcorn. Jiggle, jiggle. Hi, Sharks! My name s Madison. Duh. They re always named Madison, right? And this is my sister, Michaela. They re always named Michaela. Fucking obviously. And together, we are the inventors, creators and CEOs of… Put your back against mine.  CEOs of… Put your fucking back against mine. What the fuck are you doing? What the fuck are you doing? We do this then we do the product, yes? Oh, my fucking goodness! We haven t done the product yet. We can t. We can t start over. That s what that light is. That s fucking live, bitch. Yes!  We can t… Can we start over?  No.  I got nothing.  Oh, my God, I m not yelling at you! I m not yelling at you. I m not making it about me! Do not do this here! It s fucking live TV! I m not making it about me! You re making it about me making it about you making it about me! I am trying to make this… Oh, my God. Okay. Just stay there. I will do it. I will do it. Just stay there. It s fine. Stay there. I will handle it. Stay there, you fucking casualty. Okay, the other day, my sister and I were at home eating popcorn and crying, and we got down to the bottom of the bag. And, shake, shake, shake, what was left at the bottom? All the unpopped kernels. That s when my sister and I decided that we should… Put your fucking back…  Against mine. Put your fucking back against mine! What the fuck are you doing? I am trying… No! No! You re not gonna fucking do this to me again! I am trying to keep this family together! Do you not understand that? No, this is not about me! I am trying to help! This is nothing like when Daddy died! You are being a bitch! I am trying to keep this family… She does this! She does this every time! Everybody s gonna know that you re a fucking… I wasn t flirting with your husband! You are so fucking insecure! Because I slept with your boyfriend in high school and he turned out to be gay! No, it wasn t your fault! Big fucking deal! He wanted to talk about your birthday so that fucking Michaela could turn 40 for the third time! You re a fucking bitch! I need a minute! I need a fucking minute! I need… I need a Madison minute! Hold on! I m fucking good. I m fucking good! Let s fucking do it! You wanna go? Shit. I don t care. I am trying… I am not… I can t. I can t. Why are the walls bleeding? I can t do this. I can t fucking do this. I can t do it. You being a… I shit. I shit my pants. Oh, good news. It s not shit. It s blood! It s blood, you fucking monster! I am trying… I can t… No. You know what? I am keeping it together. I am the stable one! I am keeping it… I am not… I am not yelling! I am not yelling. I am not yelling. Huh? What? Yes, it s a hive. This happens. It happens every time you open your fucking whore mouth! Yes, I know! And I m trying… I m a good feminist. I shouldn t have said that. I m sorry. I m sorry! I m sorry! My tan is dripping off. I am not…  I am not… I am not… I am not yelling. I am not yelling! I am using…  I am using the vocabulary that Dr. Goldstein told us to use.  I am requesting…  that you… hear… my…  desire… to communicate… in an open way… and put your fucking back against mine! She s ruining it! She s ruining everything!  She s ruining it. This is a big deal. We put everything… We put everything into this company!  Did you really?  No, but my mom did.  I am trying to keep it together. Everybody depends on me because we spent all of our money on our first company and it shat the bed.  What was your first company?  I m gonna tell them.  I m gonna tell them and you re gonna look like the fucking psycho bitch that you are. Everyone s gonna know. I m gonna… I m gonna tell the cameras. Is this camera still on? Good.  Fuck you.  Do you remember when… Um… Fuck, it s, like, stuck right here in my nose.  Uhh! Do you remember when, um, our country went through a recession, and everybody was losing their homes and their money? My sister and I decided that rather than save up or go back to school, we would do what every other girl without a marketable skill did, we… opened up a cupcake company.  I don t know if you noticed, but during the recession, there was a fucking boom in the confection industry! That s because it doesn t take a fucking rocket science degree to shit out, like, an okay cupcake. And, like, no one s gonna say no to a cupcake. People will spend their last dollar. They re not gonna be like, No, they ll be like, A cupcake. My day s okay for a minute. And we were feeding people these cupcakes and they were upside-down on their houses and they were jobless and we were feeding these depressed people cupcakes. And it s a scientific fact that obesity and depression have a direct correlation, and we were just feeding the belly of the beast from within the belly of the beast and capitalizing off of it. People needed answers. They needed a viable option for credit, not a buttercream… Put your fucking back against mine! I swear to Christ, Michaela, if you ruin this for me, I will fuck your husband! Screw it! Cut! I should ve been a mermaid! Pack your hip!

BRAD WILLIAMS@DADDY ISSUES@2016@? bluesy rock music ? ? energetic pop rock music ? – Southern California, are you ready to have a good time tonight? (audience cheering) Get excited, make it loud, for Brad Williams! ? hard rock music ? (audience cheering) – What s up!? (audience cheering) What s goin on everybody!? (laughing) There s no way I can live up to that, but dammit, I m gonna try! (audience laughing) Are you guys ready to party? Are you guys ready to have a lot of fuckin fun tonight? Good! Good! I like havin fun, I like to party. I don t know about you, but when I party, I like to drink. One of the main reasons I like to drink is because I never have to pay for it. Ever. ‘Cause everyone wants to know what happens when a dwarf gets drunk. Right now you re thinking, I wonder what happens. I would really like to know that. And I know it s like me and hot chicks, me and hot chicks have that thing in common where we walk into the club and everyone just looks at us and goes, We re gettin that fucked up tonight. (audience laughing) It s true, but I don t know why! Because nothing happens when I drink, nothing crazy. Like I don t know if one of your friends told you, like, No, man, you get a midget drunk, they explode into gold coins. It s ridiculous, like it s awesome. Nothing happens! Basically when I drink, it s the same thing as when a hot chick drinks. I get very emotional, I ll probably text an ex, and by the end of the night I might blow a dude. (audience laughing) I also say things when I m drunk that I would absolutely never say sober under any circumstances. Like, not too long ago I was watching a game with my buddy, and the team that I put money on won. I was very excited, so I turned to my friend and I said something to him that I would never say if I was sober. I turn to him, I go, Yeah! Chest bump! (audience laughing) I should never say that shit, I should never. Why did I say that to my friend? He s six foot two, okay? He s six foot two. I m sorry to burst your bubble, but I have tall friends, okay? It s not like the midgets get together every Sunday under the tree stump and watch football. So he s six foot two, but he s been my friend for 20 years. I m not his dwarf buddy, I m not his little person pal, I m just Brad to him. So I say chest bump, he s been drinkin , too, he s like, Yeah! Chest bump! And then he jumped. Why the fuck did he jump? Why? (chuckling) Why did you do, it was already hard enough, okay? I m already staring at him like ? Climb every mountain ? It s not gonna go well. You took something very difficult and then put something more difficult at the end of it. It s like putting a math test at the end of a Special Olympics race or something. Okay, if you didn t laugh at that joke, fuck you. Fuck you. That is a great joke, and I m allowed to make that joke because I was in the Special Olympics, goddamnit, okay? Yes! Yes! I was! Yes! I ran track in the Special Olympics. Now, if you have never seen a midget run, holy shit, you don t know what you re missing out on. It is unbelievable. When a dwarf runs the portal to heaven opens right there. ‘Cause the legs are just going off in different directions like that and it s just so cute. But, because I was in the Youth Special Olympics, they didn t have everyone of the same disability. Also, if five dwarves running at the same time, everyone would just die of a joygasm. So… It wasn t just little people running, it was all these different kids with all these different disabilities like some sort of Make a Wish all star team. And, yeah, in the far lane there was a kid on crutches. Not worried about him. I m gonna kick his ass, okay? No problem there. Next to him was a kid in a wheelchair. What the, a wheelchair? That s a performance enhancer. What are you doing? Unless there s stairs on the track, I m losing to this guy, okay? Then after that it was me, then after that it was a enhh fucker, okay? What? That s the politically correct term. That s what they like to be referred to as. They like to be called enhh guys. Okay? That s true. And don t feel sorry for him. Some of you are feeling sorry for him. What, feel sorry for me! I m the guy that s gotta run in this event while my dad is up in the stands. I m looking at him like, Daddy, are you proud of me? He s like, No, I m not proud of you! You re running next to a enhh fucker. I m not proud of you. And he really wasn t proud of me when enhh beat me, okay? He beat me. He cheated, thoughgh, he cheate! His mom ran in front of him holding a marshmallow the entire time backwards. (audience laughing) So back to the chest bump. (audience laughing) So my buddy, six foot two, chest bumps me. You wanna know what happens when a six foot two guy gives a four foot guy a chest bump? Four foot guy gets a dick in the face, that s what happens. And you can t ignore a dick in the face. You can t just pause over it. You can t skip it like a fart during sex. You can power through a fart during sex. You can be there like, All right, it s my, (mimicks farting) Eye contact, do not inhale! You know what I mean? But when that happens, when that happens you have to acknowledge it. So me and my friend are just staring at each other, making eye contact. No one knows what to say. And then he finally looks down at me and goes, My bad, dog. Fuck you, my bad! That is not a my bad moment. If you knock over my beer, okay, that is a my bad moment. If you drag your cock across my forehead, you owe me a God damn Hallmark card. (audience laughing) This is awesome. This is cool. I like this. I knew, I knew that when I was shooting my next special, I had to come back home to Southern California where I was born and raised, I had to do it here. (audience applauds) But I travel the country, and I ll be honest with you, one of the reasons that makes Southern California great is also what makes it shitty because we have amazing weather all the time. But that makes us pussies, okay? And we know. We ve all been there like, Oh my God, I am not going outside today. It is 68 degrees outside. Are the schools even open? It s dumb. But I m one of you, so yeah, bad weather freaks me out. I was in New York City not too long ago, and they got a blizzard there. They got a foot and a half of snow in one day, okay? One fuckin day, okay? And I m on stage talkin about it, like, There s a foot and a half of snow outside. The audience is like, Yeah, it s no big deal. It s like a foot and a half of snow. Like, No, it s big deal.  Ahh, it s just a foot and a half of snow.  It s just a foot and a half of snow. I am four feet fucking tall, all right? That s a big deal for me! Maybe not for you guys. Maybe you guys walk around in a foot and a half of snow, you trip, you fall, your knee gets wet, you re like Oh God, it s winter time! If I trip and fall in a foot and a half of snow, I die. You understand how that works? I was scared, I went to one of those sporting good stores and I bought one of those soccer flags. And I just duct taped that shit to my back. (audience laughing) Just walkin around New York City like this the entire time. People were lookin at me like, Brad, you look like a loser. Don t give a shit, I m gonna live. (audience laughing) I travel a lot, obviously, for my job. It s fun, but, uh, sometimes stuff happens, like last week I was on the road and had a long flight. I had the window seat and the person next to me fell asleep, so I couldn t get up to go to the bathroom the entire time. So when I landed, I really had to go to the bathroom. So I run to the airport bathroom. Now here s where we come to a little bit about some etiquette that I don t think a lot of the gentlemen in this audience are aware of, okay? Uh, ladies, you can tune out. This does not concern you. Gentlemen, when you are in a public bathroom, stay the fuck away from my urinal. (audience laughing) See, the men are laughing, cause they know what urinal I m talking about. The women are like, He has a urinal? Yes, I do, I have a urinal. In every single bathroom across these United States, it s required by law, there s always two or three urinals for way up here, and there s always one that s way the fuck down there. That s mine, that is my urinal! Do not use that urinal! That is reserved for me, that is reserved for your five year old son Zachary, and that is reserved for any man with a two foot dick, okay? That is all. So… Black guy s clappin , he s like, I can use that shit. Anyway. (laughing) He can. So I go to this bathroom, now in this airport bathroom, it s all open urinals. It s a cornucopia of urinals. One might even say they have a plethora of urinals and they re all wide open. Only one is being taken up. Guess which one urinal is being taken up? Mine! All right? So now, I m behind the guy, I gotta do this sward I-gotta-pee dance like right behind him. Now other people are walking in the bathroom, they see a dwarf dancing right behind a guy. You see a dwarf dancing behind someone, you think I m casting a spell on him or some shit. And then I just had this moment where I couldn t take anymore, so I just looked at the dude, I was like, Excuse me sir! He turned around, and this is exactly what he did, no exaggeration. He just turns around and goes, No fucking way. (audience laughing) Like all that was missing was the Southwest Airline logo, like, Boop, wanna get away? Like that was it. I was telling my friend about this story, he was like, Brad, why don t you just use a regular size urinal? Listen, I would love to use a regular sized urinal. I don t possess the muscle control necessary to use the regular sized urinal. If I use the regular sized urinal, I gotta be like, pee, shut it off, pee, shut it off, pee, shut it off. I can t do that. I haven t done enough kegels. (audience laughing) But I was nice to the guy. I just said, Excuse me sir. He turned around, that was it. I m not gonna be nice anymore. I m not. If I ever go to a bathroom and I see one of you tall fucks and you are using my urinal, I will go full R. Kelly on your leg, all right? (audience laughing) But yeah, this is a fun job. I love this job. Only bad part about it is you gotta travel a lot. Like the past three years, I been on the road like 48 weeks a year. So I get burned out. I was so burned out, that I took this other job just to get away from it for a bit. I took a job as a DJ in San Francisco, California on a morning show. Don t cheer. I lasted six months, then I got fired. I will tell you exactly what happened. They might say something different on Google. This is what happened. (chuckling) I was a morning show DJ on this show, I was the sports guy on the morning show. Obviously, you look at me, you re like, Yeah, there s a dude who got picked first for every team growin up. I m the sports guy. While I was up there, the San Francisco Giants won the World Series. Now, I don t like the San Francisco Giants. So I go on air the next day, yeah! I go on air the next day, talk a bunch of shit about the San Francisco Giants. You know, make reference to a couple players that I know have been cheating on their wives. You know, classy stuff. They don t like that. The Giants team called up the radio station, just like, If that guy s not fired, suspended, or apologizes, we re pulling all our funding from your station. The station panics, they call me to a meeting. They re like, Brad, you gotta go on air tomorrow, say something nice about the Giants. I m like, Nope. Not gonna do that. And they re like, No? (cheering) They re like, No, you gotta do it. Just go on air and say something nice I m like, That s never gonna happen. They re like, What? ‘Cause you re from Southern California and you re a Dodger fan? I m like, I am, but that has nothing to do with it. Nothing to do with it, I m a professional. They go, Well, why don t you just say anything nice about the Giants? It s like, Because I m a fucking midget! I m not gonna wear a jersey that says Giants on it, asshole! (audience laughing) Realize that? I m not gonna support something that s been trying to kill me my entire life. No one else would do that ever. A black guy would never wear a jersey that says cops. (audience laughing) Okay, okay. That s a good tester joke. Good tester joke. Some of you guys laughed, some of you didn t, that s fine. You don t have to laugh at jokes you don t like, that s fine. But if you did not laugh at that joke I can tell you something about yourself. You re white. (audience laughing) Guarantee you. Because black people love that joke, and black people love racial jokes in general. They re not afraid of them like white people. White people are scared to tell racial jokes. Black people aren t. You ve never seen a black guy at his job like, Hey guys, I ve got a…  Cracker joke to tell you guys right now. No! A black guy will wait until he is surrounded by the maximum number of crackers before He ll call more over. Richard, get over here, you re gonna love this shit. (audience laughing) Now white people, we hold it in. We hold it in because we know we can get in trouble. So we walk around all day with this voice in our heart, like, Don t say shit, don t say shit, don t say shit, don t say shit. ‘Cause we know we can get busted. We can get fired. You see it all the time, people have to apologize for what they say about racial issues. There s always some celebrity who s gotta call a press conference and be like, I m sorry to the African American community. I meant nothing when I ordered the salmon blackened. (audience laughing) You get scared and you hold it in. White people hold it in, and it effects other parts of life. Even something basic as laughter. Because white people never want to be caught laughing at the wrong joke, so we laugh like we have ADD, it s just, Ha ha! And we stop. You ever seen a black guy laugh like that? Fuck no. I love makin black guys laugh. You make a black guy laugh, he puts everything he has into it. Body, soul. Black people burn calories when they laugh. It is awesome. You make a black dude laugh it s like, Ohhh shit! (audience laughing) That is the funniest thing I ve ever heard in my God damn life! Try it, white people. You ll like it. Don t get me wrong, you re gonna fuck it up the first time you do it. First time you ll be like, Golly gee willickers! (audience laughing) That was a humorous anecdote. (audience laughing) I just don t get why we re not allowed to talk about certain things. It doesn t make any sense to me. Because in my opinion, when you talk about racial issues, when you joke about it, when you have discussion, that s how you learn. That s how you gain a greater appreciation. You do, that s how you learn and appreciate other cultures. Like right now, I love Asian people. I love Asian people right now. Because two weeks ago, yes, two weeks ago, my Asian buddy called me up and he asked me for help to fix his iPhone. (audience laughing) Think about that for a second, okay? He asked me, he could have asked his cousin. His cousin built the fucker, all right? But he didn t, he asked me, and that made me feel good about myself, made me feel good about the Asian people. And that s when I realized, Oh my God, this is how we can end racism. If every group just asks for help with something they re supposed to be good at. Then we ll all support each other. We ll build each other up, right? Appreciate each others cultures. Like how much would you love Indian people if your Indian friend just called you like, Oh my God, you need to help me. You need to help me right now. I am telling you one thing, now more than ever, I am in desperate need of customer service. (audience laughing) I don t know what to do with my computer. I have tried everything to fix my computer. I have turned it off, I have turned it back on. I don t know what to do. If you could please just help me, I would be ever so grateful. Oh, oh wait, you are busy? I will hold. Ah-ha-ha! But I understand that it s difficult. Because there s some groups that you re allowed to make fun of, and other groups you should never make fun of under any circumstance whatsoever. And I know this dichotomy exists cause I know I m one of those groups that s perfectly all right to make fun of. I am, I m not mad about that, I just want equality. Like, most the time when people make fun of little people, they re not even thinkin about it. Like, Hollywood does it all the time. Like, I went out for a commercial audition not too long ago. It was for a Christmas commercial, and in my breakdown, now breakdown for an actor is details about how they re supposed to prepare for the role. In my breakdown it said, Be sure to bring your own elf costume from home. (audience laughing) From home! What the fuck you think is in my closet? (audience laughing) You think you go in my house, open up it up, it s just elf, elf, elf, elf, elf, elf, elf, elf, elf. Then the springtime. Leprechaun, leprechaun, leprechaun, leprechaun, leprechaun, leprechaun. In the summer, I ll dress like a gnome if I m feeling fancy. Like, are you kidding me? It s wrong. It s fucked up, and it s wrong. Don t kid yourself, I do own an elf costume. But it s, you gotta work in this town. It s just messed up because they would never do that to other groups, ever. They would never be like, Oh, you re Asian, bring your wok. You know what I mean? Oh, you re a black male, bring your illegitimate child. They never do that. All right? Now, I actually like when some people don t laugh at that joke because it helps me identify you. And it helps me identify the people that I hate the most in this world. Oh, I ll tell you who they are. Oh, yeah. Here s the people I hate. And I don t mean hate like, Oh, I hate chocolate cake. No, I mean I hate these people, all right? If you are one of these people that gets offended on behalf of another group, eat a bag of dicks. (audience laughing) Just a bag of dicks. Not the fun size bag, no, the family size bag of dicks. Just never stop shoving dicks in your mouth. Why do people do this? Why? Why do people care so much about shit that has nothing to do with them? And the worst part is that they think they re being so good. They think they re being a champion. I hope you know that when you get offended on behalf of another group, what you re doing is infinitely times more racist than whatever pissed you off in the first place. Because what you re doing is you re turning to that group and you re saying, Hey, you re not smart enough to know you re being made fun of right now. But don t worry, I know. I know you were made fun of, and I m gonna do something about it. No, no, no, don t get up, don t get up, don t get up, don t get up. Stay there, I ll handle it, I got this. Master race on three. One, two, three, okay, there we go. Why do people do this? And I know they do this. I had a woman come up to me recently after a show. Angry, pissed off. Brad, I was so offended when you said the word midget. I was like, Right, because you have other family members who are dwarfs.  No.  You have children that are little people.  No.  Then why the fuck do you care? Why do you care? This doesn t effect you, it doesn t change your life. I would understand if every time I said the word midget that was some sort of call to arms to all the little people out there to rise up and fight our tall oppressors, and then when you guys got home there were midgets just flying in your windows, doing shoulder rolls, and then drop kicking your puppy. Okay, I would get that. But literally nothing happens to you. And who the fuck are you to tell me what I can say about my own people? I hope you realize I ve been a midget my entire life. All 32 years. It s not like I was six foot four, you know, things weren t going so well so I hacked off a couple of feet and said, Let s give this a shot. That didn t happen. Why do people care so much about things that don t affect them? Why would any one give a shit if weed is legal or not? Listen, if you don t smoke weed? Great, don t smoke weed. But don t stop someone else from doing it cause them doing that action doesn t affect you whatsoever. Same thing. (cheering) Same thing with gay marriage. Listen, if you re not gay, who gives a shit if gay marriage is legal or not? If two gay people get married, didn t change your life. Didn t affect you whatsoever. Why do people give a shit about that? And why do people give a shit when I drive in my car and I sing every lyric to Katy Perry s Firework? Why? I love that song. That s a great song. It s an inspirational song. Helps me feel better about myself. Now I understand that joke is not funny, all right? It s not. But I say it every night, cause one of these nights, one of you people in the audience, you are going to know Katy Perry and you are gonna tell her about that joke. She s gonna be intrigued by that joke. She is gonna wanna come see one of my shows. She s gonna laugh at my comedy show. She s gonna wanna meet me afterward. I will meet Katy Perry, then I will finally get a chance to motorboat them titties. (cheering) I m not trying to do this whole social change thing. I just wanna get in there and go baby you re a firework . That s it. But these are the lessons that people teach their kids now. That s the scary part. People are now teaching this to their kids. I see it. ‘Cause I see how children react when they see something different like me for the first time. I ll tell you, it changes based on the race of the kid. It does, like, white kids suck. Okay, I hate white kids, they re the worst. Fuck whitey, I hate em. They re taught wrong. White kids are taught, Okay, okay Trevor, we re going outside. Now if you see anything Trevor, just don t say anything. Just don t say anything, Trevor. Just old it in, hold it here. Hold it right here in your happy place, Trevor. Right here. Right here. If it starts to hurt, don t worry. You can fart, you can just fart, Trevor. You ll be fine. So then the kids see something different like me, he wants to say something, but he can t. But he wants to, but he can t, but he wants to, but he can t. So he ends up just pointing and gasping. (screaming) Until the mom just grabs him by the head like, Don t look, honey, he s special. He s special, honey. Then you got the Mexican kids. Now, yeah. Now Mexican kids, y all are a little better, you re a little better. ‘Cause you say stuff, but you say it in Spanish cause you think I don t speak it. (audience laughing) It s like, sorry, I m from Southern California where if you don t speak Spanish, you starve. Okay? So I speak Spanish. I know what these little kids are sayin when they re like, (foreign language) Until the mom comes and hits him. Mijo, do not look into his eyes. It s a chupacabra. Fuck you! See some of you are laughing cause you know what that is. Some of the white people are like, What s a chupacabra? (audience laughing) Can you order that from Chipotle? But they re not my favorite kids, no. My favorite kids, by far, black kids. Black kids have got it. ‘Cause they don t give a shit. I love black kids, cause they see me, they drop whatever the fuck they re doin . They run across the damn street just, Hey! Hey! What the hell is wrong with you? You think the dad is offended, no, dad s right behind him. Yeah, what the hell is wrong with your midget ass?  I got rims bigger than you. Oh, shit. Basically, what I m trying to say, ladies and gentlemen, the message behind my act, if you can pull one lesson from everything that I m saying tonight, here it is. I want to be black. I do, I want to be black! It s a wonderful time, it s a wonderful time to be white in this country but want to be black. We found out last year that if you re white in this country but you want to be black, they ll let you be president of the NAACP. Yeah, we found that one out. You know what I m talking about? Some of you are like, What the hell? I ll explain, it s a doozy, all right? In the great state of Washington there lives a woman, her name is Rachel Dolezal. She is president of her local chapter of the NAACP, National Association for the Advancement of Colored People. What a wonderful story. Oh wait, I forgot one minor detail. She white, okay? She s white, and they announce this on the news, like, A white woman is running the NAACP. And I m like, What? How did that happen? They re like, She fooled everyone. She fooled everyone. Nobody knew she was white. I m like, how did no one know she was white? Was she just like turning down pumpkin spice lattes every minute? Like, No, no. Did she burn a pair of Uggs, like how the fuck did no one know she was white? They re like, She changed her appearance. She looked black. I m like, You can do that? The Robert Downey Jr. Tropic Thunder surgery is real! (audience laughing) And they said, Here, here s what she looked like. And they showed her picture. You guys remember seeing that picture? Yeah, was anyone fooled by that fucking picture? No one was fooled by that fucking picture. I knew that was a white woman. I could tell it was a white woman, cause I looked at the hair. The hair was a tell right there. Now that s white hair. You put a pencil in that, it s falling out. That s not black hair, that s not black hair. Stevie Wonder would have looked at her and be like, That s a white bitch. (audience laughing) Then they made the announcement. Rachel Dolezal is going to appear on the Today Show, and I m like, I m watchin that. So I watched it, and they asked her, Why did you pose as a black woman? Now if she had said something along the lines of, Well, you know what? I did what I did because I support black people, I respect black culture, and I felt that doing this gave me the best opportunity to give back to my own community. If she said something like that, I d be like, You know what? Okay, I get it. Little weird, but okay, I understand. That s not what she said. No, that s not what she said. Why did you pose as a black woman? (scoffing) She did that, first of all. And if you re trying to pass as a black woman, step one, don t do that that shit. Don t do (scoffing), don t. A black woman has never done (scoffing), never done that in the history of man. They might have thrown in a mm-hmm every now and then, but never (scoffing), that is pure white suburban bitch right there, it s pure. (scoffing) What do you mean pose as a black woman? What do you mean, I am a black woman. I am a black woman because I identify as a black woman. Yes, I might be black on the inside, but I am white on the outside. It s like a reverse Oreo cookie. (audience laughing) People, we took the Caitlyn Jenner shit too far, okay? We did. Now that s not me seeing anything negative against transgender people. Please do not mix my words. I support transgender people because, my God, if you re born one sex, you live for a while as that sex, and you re like, You know what, no. This is not what I m supposed to be. You wanna go through that entire process to change, you wanna go through the hormone therapies, have the plastic surgeries, write that really awkward email to your family, Hey, not gonna have a dick anymore, Merry Christmas. Like that s, that s gotta be tough, and I support you. Especially if you re a dude and you become a woman. If you re a dude and you become a woman, they take it, okay? They take it, and once it s gone, it s gone. It s gone! It s not like tattoos, you re like, Tattoos are permanent. Tattoos are not permanent. You can get em lasered off, covered up, you can do all these different sorts of things to your tattoos. Can t do that, once that s gone, it s gone. There s no such thing as a re-dick-otomy, okay, like that s not happening. So I m not against transgender people, no. I m against all the people that ever since the Caitlyn Jenner thing, now they re hopping on this I identify as bandwagon. That s all you have to say is, I identify as, then whatever you say after that, we immediately have to treat you as such, no questions asked. So you can be like, I identify as a black person. We have to treat you like a black person. I identify as a hamster. We gotta get you a little ball, little water bottle. It s like, fine, as long as we all get to do this, ladies, I identify as Channing Tatum. Suck my dick, okay? How bout that? What? I can be Magic Mike. I can be Magic Mike. Check that shit out right there. Yeah. That s Magic Mike right there. I am Magic Mike, XXS. (audience laughing) But I still understand what she s saying. She wants to be black, great. I want to be black, I would love to be black. I m halfway there. I m halfway to being black, cause check it out, that is a black ass right there. I don t care what you say. That is a black ass. Nikki Minaj got nothin on me. ? My anaconda don t ? My anaconda don t ? That s a black ass. But I want to be full, I want to be 100%. I want to be a black midget! I d be a nigglet. White people, that is the funniest joke you can never tell at work tomorrow. You ll try, people would be like, Oh, what d you do last night?  Oh my God, I saw this comedian, Brad Williams, he s a little tiny dude but he says he wants to be a black midget. He d be called a (squeals). (audience laughing) You should go see him next time he s in town. That s what you should go do. I get it, white people. I get that I can say things that a lot of you can t. There s a reason why. It s not because I m a comedian. It s not because I m clever. Here s why I can say things that you can t. I m cute, okay, I m very cute. I m downright adorable. When you re adorable, you just make things better. Dwarves make everything better. I made a car accident better recently. I did, true story. I was talking with my buddy, Adam, and while we re talking, outside his apartment, this car is driving, spins out of control, slams into a light pole. I freak out, I look at Adam, I go, I m gonna go help. He looks at me and goes, What the fuck are you going to do? He s right, what the fuck would I do? My people are not exactly life savers, all right. You ve never been at the beach, seen a dwarf lifeguard see someone drowning, put on two floaties, and be like, I got this shit! Okay, that s never happened. But I wasn t thinking about that. I just saw someone in trouble. I knew they needed help. I had to do something so I start running across the street. Now… you have to see this from the woman s perspective. In her mind, she was driving along normally, having a great day, all of the sudden, she spins out of control, she slams into a light pole. She s all discombobulated and then she just looks up and sees me like. (audience laughs) Just barreling across the street like I m a retarded Avenger, okay. And then she has this moment where everything changed for her. It switched, she was depressed, obviously, in a car accident, traumatic experience. Sees me, everything goes the other way. It s like, Oh my God, what just happened to me? I was just in a car accident. What s going to happen to my car? Is it wrecked, is it totaled? Is my insurance going to go up? Am I okay, do I have to go to the hospital? (gasps and screams) Like what was going through her mind? Like I m pretty sure I get three wishes now! (audience laughs) I make everything better. I made my own car accident better. Yes, I was in one and it s embarrassing because it was my fault. I was an idiot, I was texting while driving, like a moron, head s down, not paying attention. All of a sudden, I look up, nailed this dude s car. Wrecked his car, wrecked my car. We both get out of the cars to assess the damage. He looks and sees me and just goes. Worth it! (audience laughing) That happened to me. Why did he say that? What was he thinking? Well, hit a dwarf, that s 25,000 points. I m kicking ass right now. I make everything better! Stressful situations like car accidents, I make better. I make boring things better, like grocery shopping. It s boring but we all got to do it. We all got to grocery shop. You guys do it, I do it, part of the human condition. Nothing entertaining about grocery shopping. But if I buy one box of Lucky Charms, holy shit! Could you imagine being in a grocery store, you look down the aisle and just see me, jammin with my box of Lucky Charms. If you saw that, you d be like, Fuck it, I m buying a lottery ticket. This is the greatest day of my life. (audience laughing) I make everything better! Stressful situations, I make better. My people make boring situations better. Hell, my people even make porno better. You re a freak, right there. You re a freak. I like you though, I like you. Right now, look at all the people that laughed when I said make porn better, because those people have seen a midget porn. They know the magic that is midget porn. If you have not seen a midget porn before, what the fuck are you still doing here right now? Go home to your computers, type in www.humpaleg.com and enjoy that shit, okay. It s awesome, it s amazing. And I don t judge, I don t judge you if you watch porn, if you watch midget porn because in my opinion, your porn should be a little weird. It should be a little freaky. It should be a little freaky. Legal, it should be legal. I don t want you guys getting busted and be like, The dwarf said it was okay! No, I did not, I did not say that. But it should be a little weird because porn, yeah, porn is an escape from real life. You don t want to see real life in your porn. You don t want to see that. You don t want to see what sex actually is in your porno. Reality sex, that s two people banging as quietly as they can because their four-year-old is sleeping in the bedroom next to theirs. I m not getting off to, Shh, you re gonna wake the baby. Okay, that s not hot to me. No, porn is not about what you can do. Porn is about what you can t do, what you want to do, what you ve always fantasized about doing. Like I would love to watch a porno of two people just reaching shit. (audience laughing) Get it, get it, top shelf, bitch! I want that. But people assume I watch midget porn and I don t. I ll be honest with you, I don t. I don t judge you if you do but why would I watch midget porn? My life is a midget porn. If I wanted to see a midget porn, I would bang a girl next to a mirror, look left and go, Alright! Okay, that s me. That s not what I watch. But we re all friends, I ll tell you what I like to watch. Alright, I ll tell you. This is honest too. (chuckles) I like to watch black dudes have sex with Asian women. That s my thing. Why do I feel like you re all judging me right now? (audience laughing) Really, you re going to judge me about what I like to watch like you re holier than thou? Like if I go through all your browser histories, all I m going to find is missionary with eye contact. Are you kidding me? No, I like to watch black dudes have sex with Asian women because for once in my life when a dick goes in a vagina, I would like to hear, Ow. (audience laughing) I don t hear that. I don t hear that, I put my stuff in, it s like, Yeah! (disappointed groan) Shit! (audience laughing) You re supposed to be afraid of it. And would it kill you ladies, would it kill you to just fake it, okay? I m not talking about the orgasm, no. I already know you fake the orgasm. No, I m talking about faking your level of cock respect. Yes, cock respect. Ladies, you have to understand something. When your man takes his penis out for you for the very first time, it s an emotional moment, it is. We don t know what you re going to say. We don t know how you re going to react. We don t know how we measure up to the ghosts of penis past that you ve had in your life. We don t know if you re going to say something when you see it, like, Is that it? And by the way, how fucked up is that? Is that it? Like any man s ever heard that and said, Actually no, I have more dick. (audience laughing) Lucky for you, I always carry some spare dick with me. No, just… Just give us a little encouragement, a little, Attaboy. Doesn t have to be crazy, doesn t have to be insane. You don t have to win an Academy Award. You don t have to see it and be like, (gasping) I have never seen a penis of such magnitude! Like, you don t have to do that. You don t have to quote your favorite movie line, like, Release the krakken. Okay, you don t have to do that. This is all you have to do. All you have to do the first time your man takes his penis out for you just look at my face, I m going to show you what to do. Okay, this is all you do. See your man s dick, this is what you do. (gasps) That s it, that s all you got to do, right there. Did you miss it? I ll do it again, here you go. (gasps) That s it, that s all you got to do. If you do that, your man s gonna be like, Yeah, she s afraid of this dick! And then we ll fuck you better. We will and I know I say that and there s some women in the audience like, Brad, why should I do that for my man? My man would never do anything like that for me. Ah-ha-ha! Au contraire. We already do something like that for you, ladies. We do, we re just really good at it. And you don t know we do it. See, look at all the women right now, looking at me like, What the fuck do you do? What the fuck do you do? Don t worry, I ll tell you. I ll tell you what we do. Ladies, do you think every titty is perfect? (audience laughing) No, they re not but guess what? You ll never know. You ll never know because no man is ever going to do that to you. No man, because we are, we are always ecstatic when we see the titties. We are thrilled when we see the titties. We see the titties, we know there s a damn good chance that we re having sex right after that. So we are going to say absolutely nothing to fuck that situation up, okay. Nothing, no man has ever taken off a woman s bra and just went, Nope! That s never happened, ever! And ladies, there are some fucked up titties out there. There are some fucked up titties. Some of you women get boob jobs and you get like a lazy nipple, like points off in that direction. So like one titty is really into sex. The other one s like, Hey, what s on TV over there? (audience laughing) Some of you women have one, perfect, wonderful, spectacular titty then the other one s like a little Downs Syndrome titty, just hangs on that side like that. If that s the case, your man doesn t care. We ll have fun with the nice titty then we ll have fun with the Downs Syndrome titty. We don t give a shit. We ll even talk to it in its own language. Hey, you guys! I know, I know. I say that and a lot of you are laughing. There are some women just like, Brad, I get that those are jokes but I m serious, Brad, men do not like my titties. They don t like my titties, Brad, because I have very small titties. I am the president of the itty bitty titty committee and men don t like that, they don t like the small titties, Brad. Ladies, is that you? Are you in the audience right now, concerned with a low self esteem over the size of your small titties? Ladies, if that s you, I have one piece of advice for you and this will work. Have sex with me. Okay, have sex with me. Yes, I will make you feel awesome about your small titties because I have small hands. I make everything look bigger, everything. Alright. I like this. A lot of you are going to go home tonight and have sex after the show. Great, alright, I want you to. By yourself, that s fine, that s fine, not judging. That s fine but I want you guys to have great sex and ladies, just understand that your man is freaky, okay. Whatever you think about your man, your man is freaky. However freaky you think your man is, add two Jared from Subways to that. Okay, just (audience boos) we re freaky. We want to do some crazy shit. Now, I know there s a lot of women, they re like, Oh no, Brad, not my man. Especially your man, oh my God. I m not worried about the guy that s open with what he likes sexually. I m not worried about the guy that s like, Yeah, I like some bondage, I like a little BDSM, little BBW, interracial, I like that stuff. I m not worried about that guy. I m worried about the guy that s like, I like nothing unusual when it comes to things of a sexual nature. That guy has a van and a basement, do not trust him, do not trust him. My man is not freaky. Fine, test it, test it ladies. Next time you re having sex with your man, it s going to end, right? And you know what time that is, right? You know, when the guy gets a little hitch in the giddy up, right. Like he s all good for a while, like, It s my pussy, it s my (clicking tongue). Like that, he ll just do that. And you know once you see (clicking tongue), once you see that, you re like, T minus 10 seconds til blastoff. Like, you know that. When that happens, your man will say something to you. At some point, he ll look at you and be like, Baby, where do you want me to come? Now, there is a thousand answers to this question but there s only one answer you should never say, under any circumstances. Ladies, if your man says that, you should never, ever, ever look at your man and be like, Anywhere you want to. Never say that shit, ever. Now, I know a lot of women, you hear that and you re like, What, if I say anywhere, he s just going to come on my face because that s what he sees in the pornos. It s stupid, I don t know why all you men want to turn your women into glazed donuts. It s dumb. Yeah, we do want to do that but you didn t say, On the face, you said, Anywhere. And when you say anywhere, the devil comes up in the back of our heads. We re like, She said anywhere. Then the angel pops up and says, Okay, so maybe just like on her tits. Maybe just on her tits, that s someplace nice. She can block it, she can like put it together so it s easy cleanup, like you could do that right there. It s fun, it s nice, it s easy, just on the tits.  She said anywhere!  Okay, maybe on the small of her back. Right there on the small of her back, like I said before, easy cleanup, small tattoo right there for target practice. It s a pretty nice spot, alright.  She said anywhere! And we ll check with you, we will check with you. We ll always look at you like, Baby, did you say anywhere? If you look at us and be like, Yeah, anywhere you want,  Where s your sister? (audience groans) What? What? What? Your sister s stomach constitutes anywhere. Why are you mad at me? We re freaks, we re freaks. But we hold it in. I want you to know that we hold in the freak. That s how much we love you. That s how much we love you, when we hold in that freak every night. Do you know how hard it is to do that? Do you realize that every time your man has sex with you doggy style, we re just looking down and we want to put a finger in that butt. Okay, we want to, how could we not? It s been winking at us the entire time. We look down and see that, we go right back to preschool, like round peg, round hole. We just want to do that. Tonight, you have my permission. Do that move, fellas, do that move. Hell yeah, it s a great move, power move. Lets her know who s back here. A man s back here. Right there, that s good. A lot of you women hate me right now but don t worry. Ladies, if your man does that to you, you can get a little revenge. You can get the revenge, yeah. Next time you re down there, like, Oh, you thought that was funny? Like that, and just do that right there. Right now, a lot of men are looking at their women, You will not do that to me later on tonight.  Why not?  It doesn t feel good. You re lying, it feels amazing, okay. Obviously, you ve never tried it. Now, don t get me wrong ladies, a lot of that depends on you. If it feels good or not, it depends on you. It s not going to feel good if you re too aggressive with it. You know, it s not going to feel good if you re just like, Ah, comin in hot! Like, that s not going to feel good. If you act like you just dropped your engagement ring down the disposer like, Where is that thing? Okay, like don t do that, don t do that. Here s how it feels good. Just ladies, pretend like you re playing a game of Jenga. Yes, Jenga, the tower game, right. You can t knock the tower over. You got to be sensitive. You got to be very careful, you got to be like, Alright, here we go, here we go. (audience laughing) Right now, a couple of guys are like, You can try that on me later. You can try that. And there will still be the guys, the homophobic guys who are like, No Brad, no, you put a finger in the butt, that makes you gay, that makes you gay! Really, do you really think that? You think somebody can just make you gay? Just out of nowhere, just make you gay? Like there s ever been a situation where a man is having sex with a woman, like, I love pussy… ? And cock ? ? The hills are alive ? I know, I have a very fucked up sense of humor. I do, but you have to understand where I get my sense of humor from. I get my sense of humor from my family, specifically my mom and dad. Even more specifically, my dad. Now, my parents are not dwarves. What? I know, I tell a lot of people that and sometimes, they re like, What? Because they don t believe that tall people can have dwarf children. They like look at me, and when they ask me, Hey Brad, where are your mom and dad from? They think I m going to say, Narnia. It s not where they re from. And there s no dwarves in my family at all. I am the only one so they weren t expecting it. So like my dad, he s this really athletic dude, tall, athletic dude and he thought his wife was going to give birth to a football player. Instead, she shot out a football. You gotta ask yourself, what would you do in that situation? What would you do? You found out your child was a little bit different? He wasn t going to be like all the other kids, what would you do? How would you react if you knew for a fact, your son was guaranteed to be bullied when he got to school? Hopefully, you do what my dad did. He bullied me first. But he did it in a very awesome way. He would make fun of me and then he would tell me, Alright, hit me back, hit me back with something. That s what you re going to do. Some kid s going to come up to you. He s going to make fun of you. What are you gonna do? You gonna cry about it? No, not my son. You re going to make him regret saying that to you. You re going to make him cry about it, that s what you re going to do. So he molded me, he trained me, he prepared me like Yoda and Luke Skywalker. The sizes were reversed, but you get the idea. So by the time I got to kindergarten, I was a trained verbal assassin. I walked into kindergarten with some swag, like, I hope someone fucks with me today. And someone did. Someone did fuck with me, I will never forget this. First day of school, we re all lined up, right. And we re taking roll. This kid runs out of line in front of the entire class, runs right up to me, points his finger in my face, and goes, Ha ha, you re little. I looked at him and went, Ha ha, your mom doesn t live with your dad anymore. Tears, tears, tears. I live in California, I had a 50/50 shot of getting that one right. So he starts crying, I get sent to the principal s office. I m sitting there in the office. It s me, it s the principal, it s the kid. Kid s still crying because he s a bitch. And the principal looks at me and he goes, I can t believe you made him cry. I m calling your father.  Do it.  Alright, I ll do it. So he gets the phone out, he calls my dad, gets my dad out of work, and says, Mr. Williams, I m here with your son, Brad. He s in my office today because he made another little boy cry at school. What do you have to say about that? Here s what my dad said. He goes, Did he start it or did he finish it? Yeah. I see. I see the old school parents clapping right now because you know what that means. Some of the younger parents are like, What, what are you talking about? Did he start it or did he finish it, it doesn t matter, it doesn t matter, Brad. Both children made fun of each other. They should both be punished equally. They should be put in time out, should be put in time out, Brad. Time out means they can t use their XBox for three minutes. It s not good, they ll think about what they did and then, and then they ll be done and they ll want to learn something and they ll want to go outside. Now, before they go outside though, it s very scary outside so you wanna dip your child in a big vat of Purell, just dip them in that Purell. There s no germs on them but you know, they could fall so you want to be prepared for that. So you put a helmet on them, you put some wrist pads, some elbow pads, some knee pads and then, if they play competitive sports, even if they get last place, you can t hurt their self esteem so if you give them a three-foot tall trophy and at the bottom of it, it says You re Special. Fuck you, fuck you! Stop it, stop it! (audience applauds) That s not what you do! Did you start it or did you finish it? Because you re never ever, ever supposed to start a fight but if you re in one, you better damn well finish that thing. That s the rule. If you start, if you start a fight, you re an asshole. If you finish it, you re a goddamned hero. That s the difference. So my dad says that to him and the principal goes, Well to be honest with you, he finished it, and my dad says this, on the speaker phone, he goes, Well the problem with your school is not my son, the problem with your school is the other kid s a pussy. Click, hangs up. I m dancing around the office. That s my dad, that s my dad! And then I look at the other kid. I m like, You see, that s what a father does. You would have no idea what a father does. Finish him. Dad was proud of me that day. I got Chuck E. Cheese that day. Awesome. Now, don t think that just because I had that moment that my parents job was done. Because if you re a parent, you know you never stop being a parent so my dad never stopped fucking with me, okay. Never, he even had to discipline me in a creative way because he s old school, he wanted to discipline me because I would mess up. Just like any kid messes up. My dad, like he wanted to hit me but you can t punch a dwarf, no, that s, that s 12 years bad luck, like you re not doing that. So my dad never hit me. Here s what he would do. When I would mess up, my dad would pick me up, put me on a counter, and then leave. Some of you get it. Some of you are like, What s the big deal? Well, five foot counter, two foot human. Unless you leave a parachute, I m not going anywhere for a while. One time at Christmas, I knocked over the Christmas tree. Dad got mad, picked me up, put me on the counter, called in my sister, was like, Hey Katie, Katie, Katie, come here, check it out, look what I got. Elf on a shelf. (audience laughing) 16th birthday, my dad wakes me up on my birthday, Happy birthday, son. I bought you a car. Yeah! I run downstairs, run through the kitchen, get to the garage, open it up, Fisher Price Power Wheels sitting right there in the damn garage. Hey, I lived a block and half away from school. I still drove that thing to school. I had the first electric car, I was a visionary. Now, I tell those stories about my father and a lot of you have the appropriate reaction. You laugh. Some of you, some of you get that look. I know that look. I say those stories and you re like, Oh, Brad, that s, that s so sad. Your father made fun of you. What do you think that did to you, Brad? Made me a man, shut the fuck up. Shut up. (audience applauds) I thank God every day that my dad made fun of me. I m so thankful that he put a little adversity in my life. That way, I knew how to conquer adversity later. You have to ask yourself one question. Who do you want your kid to be? Do you want your kid to be ready for the world that is or the world that should be? Now, in the world that should be, there should be no murder, there should be no rape, there should be no ISIS, there should be no Justin Bieber, but that s not the world we live in. We live in a world where unfortunately, all those things do exist so who do you want your kid to be? Do you want your kid to be the person that s never had anything go wrong for them, ever? Smooth sailing the entire way? Never had anything wrong, never got hurt, never got a bruise, just running down the street every day, just ? Sunshine and lollipops ? No, you don t want that kid. Because when something does happen to that kid, and it will, that kid s not going to know what to do. People want to protect their children from life and to some extent, you have to do that but you have to let a little in because you re never going to be able to protect them forever. Life, ladies and gentlemen, has an undefeated record. No one has gone through this thing unscathed, no one. My family got ours about two years ago. Two years ago, my dad came home and announced to the family that he had skin cancer. And we knew, as a family, like, Alright, we got to deal with this. And we started dealing with it. And then when my dad had to have part of his face removed for plastic surgery and try to get that cancer off his face, that didn t work and we had to regroup. Then when he went through radiation treatment, that didn t work, we had to regroup. Then he had to go through chemotherapy and I had to watch the man who raised me, the man who I loved more than anything in this world whither away to almost nothing but I was never truly scared because my dad raised me to never fear anything in this world more than him. I knew nothing on this planet was scarier than my dad, nothing is more powerful than my dad. I know this, my sister knows this, and now cancer knows it because he beat that son of a bitch. (audience cheers and applauds) You want to know how he did it? Ask him, because my father is sitting right here in the second row. (audience applauds) Thank you, thank you for teaching me. Thank you for teaching me never to quit. Thank you for teaching me to be a man and hopefully be the man that you could be proud of. And now, it is my dream, it is my goal to one day have son. Don t get me wrong, he s going to be taller than me. That scares the fuck out of me. But one day, I want to have that moment with my son where we re arguing, just like any father and son does, and we re having that moment and we re arguing and we re getting pissed off. It happens in every household. It is my dream that one day, my son will look down at me and get mad at me and pick me up and put me on a counter and be like, Grandpa taught me that one, bitch. Thank you guys very much for being a part of this. Thank you. ? bluesy rock music ? And thank you to UCI Medical Center for keeping my dad alive, I love you guys. Thank you. ? bluesy rock music ? – [Voiceover] Give it up for Brad Williams! ? bluesy rock music ? – Alright, showtime, we got an audience. We just need a comedian. One comedian. – I am a professional stand up comedian and I would love to go on stage. – I don t think so. – Okay, you just said you needed a comedian and I m here, I m ready to go so what do you mean? – Alright, look, let s just see how you size up, okay. – Size up? – Yeah, see, the sign says must be below this line to go on stage, so. – (chuckles) Is this for real? Are you serious? I m a professional stand up comedian. I ve been in movies, okay. I co-host a popular About Last Night podcast. Heard of it? – Yeah, you re too big, sorry. – Okay, well, I m small where it counts. If that s helpful. – Okay sir, can you just step to the side please? – This is bullshit! A line is going to determine whether I go on stage or not? – (clears throat) Yes. The sign says must be below this line, okay. If the sign said must be wearing body spray that smells like a dragon farted on a glass of Mountain Dew, you would be perfect. – Okay, I take offense to that. Vin Diesel is a good friend of mine and his cologne, okay, is very expensive. – Hey, I heard you needed a comedian. – Yes, yes, perfect. Let s see how you measure up right here. – Oh, sure, sure. – Yes, perfect. – Awesome, let s do this. Nice cologne. – See? – Alright, we re ready. – That was a cute jump. – Adorable. – I fucked him, this is weird. This isn t weird though. It s weird. ? upbeat music ?

DERAY DAVIS@HOW TO ACT BLACK@2017@[male announcer] ATL, get ready for the man of the hour! A NETFLIX ORIGINAL COMEDY SPECIAL He s sold out tours, you ve seen him on TV and in movies representing Chicago, soon to be one of the legends of laughter the hood hero, DeRay Davis! [cheering, applause] [hip-hop music playing] ? Ay, ay, ay ? ? Ay, ay, ay ? ? Have some sex tonight Have some sex tonight ? ? For no reason Have some sex tonight. ? Have– All right. Okay, thanks. What s up, ATL? What s up? – [cheering] -Yeah. Y all showed up. That s cool as hell. Y all showed up! My cousin was, like, Ain t nobody going to come. I was, Yes they are, I m going to wear nice clothes. They re gonna show up. -Y all look good, man. [audience member] You look good! No I don t. I ain t cut shit. I don t look good. I didn t do much shaving. I wanted to look authentic. Everybody s getting… Men are getting lace fronts, now. [laughter] Dudes with waves. Like, Baby, come paste my wig on. [as a female] I m trying to do mine. [deep voice] Do mine first. Like, couples coming home from the club, both pulling their wigs off. I want to look like this. I like looking different, man. Because everybody s doing their specials, looking shaved, their hairline painted, and, uh… [chuckles] You melting, my nigga. You melting right here. Plus, this confuses the chicks. They don t know what they be getting. Because I look filthy, but I m fresh. You know what I m saying? They don t know if we re going to the club or camping. [as a female] I don t know, girl. I ll wear my Timberland boots and my backpack. DeRay is crazy! It s amazing that I do this, and people look at me different. When other actors like Leonardo DiCaprio or Brad Pitt grow their hair, Oh, good. They must be between movies. I grow my shit out, He must be between homes. [audience laughs] A bum walked up to me. He said, Damn, it can happen to anybody. I said, Hey, man!  I thought you were doing good.  I am doing good.  You need some help?  No, I don t need no goddamn help. People say I should look good. They say, You re famous, always look fresh! I don t know if I m famous. I don t know if I want to be famous. Being a celebrity bothers me, because I still want to steal. [audience laughs] You too? You people still want to steal? What is it about stealing that s so fun? Ain t it? Stealing shit is just fun. I was in a store in Beverly Hills, it didn t have a sensor on it. I was like… [groans] I ought to stuff this in my drawers, right? Oh, God. I see what you re doing, Lord. Ah. You re trying to make me snatch my own blessings away. I try to shake it, but I still have this criminal mentality. I was at a grocery store in Chicago. And this dud went in and left his car running. I was like, This nigga, here? [audience laughing] I see what you re doing, God. I ain t gonna get him Nobody else feel that way? When you re at the grocery, behind the old lady? She s buying one item, but she pulls out all them hundreds? You re like… [groans] Right there! Real criminals look at that like it s a blessing. Thank you, Lord, for putting this old lady in front of me. I didn t know how I was gonna pay my next bill, but you put her here for me, Lord. I m not gonna hurt her. Lay her down easy. I m gonna trip that cane and lay her down comfortably. She gonna see another day, I hope. I m bringing her and her family closer. They let her go here by herself. Who let their Grand-mama go to the grocery store alone? They shouldn t have had her done it. Thank you for the blessings. Amen. But I don t know if I m famous. I forget I m famous, sometimes. Dudes pull up next to me, like… What s up, dude?  You re our boy.  Oh, yeah, thanks. So, I be known, man. My friends tell me to act more famous. All my friends got money. They re super-famous. All the comedians. Dave Chapelle, great comic. Been around Chris Brown. Kevin Hart was my roommate before. Yes. Every morning, he d wake up. I m like, nigga, go make that breakfast. And get these little Air Force Ones out of here. Who s shoes this little? He used to hate that joke. Get these little shoes out of here. One time he got in the car, I had his shoes hanging from the rear-view mirror. Baby shoes. Kevin, look at your shoes. [as Kevin Hart] Get them down, get them down! [chuckles] I don t know, man. I m trying to figure out my famous. Who am I? I know I ve been in shit. People ask, What you gonna be in next?  Motherfucker, this [audience laughs] I don t know what s next. Stop asking actors what s next. I don t know. I know I ve been in shit, because I googled me. [audience laughs] Go to hell, Google. I googled me, and it said I was 48. Who the fuck changed my age? The worst thing you can do to someone in Hollywood is make them older. I didn t know it happened until I went to an audition and Morgan Freeman was there. [audience laughs] We re here for the same part.  nigga! Don t make me an uncle when I m still a cousin. But I ve been in some shit. I ve traveled, I ve done things. I was in Africa. I got booked in Africa. Nigeria. They payed me so much money, I thought they purchased me. [audience laughs] I told my baby, Daddy might not be back. They gave me racks, motherfucker. I just imagine me being in some cage. [African accent] Come look at my new DeRay. There is my lion, my zebra, and there is my DeRay. DeRay, tell a joke. Tell a joke. He is mad, we have not fed him today. Tell a joke. But I ve done shit. I m happy about the little movies I did. I m happy. A lot of movies. I did 30 fucking movies. [cheers, applause] I was only in those bitches about three minutes, but I ve been in them bitches. Collectively, it s a whole film. Fuck all y all, how about that shit? Right now. I was in The Fog. I was in a horror movie. How about that? Not only that. I m black history. I was a black dude in a horror movie, and I survived, Mama. -[cheers, applause] -Now what? And I was on a boat! nigga s don t get on boats! nigga s get on cruise ships and yachts for a video, front the hell off. But nigga s don t get on boats. The only time nigga s get on boats is like this: Man, I m broke as hell.  nigga, I m in the same boat! That s the only time. nigga s get in boats. I m black history. But I want to be in more shit. People say Why you ain t in more shit? You should be. I know! I audition for stuff. Go to auditions I know I should get. I read the breakdown. Chicago Hood nigga . I m like, I m going in for this shit. Ain t it crazy? I gotta audition to be a Chicago Hood nigga when I m a Chicago hood nigga? Just give me the part. I ll just bring in the people I murdered. Here they go! So, I go in and audition for white people to play the hood nigga . Did you hear what I just said? I auditioned for white people to be– All right, do the lines.  All right, I got this shit all day. Hold up, hold up.  Lay on the ground bitch! It ain t a game! [nasally] Hmm. Uh… I wasn t scared. Were you scared? I wasn t afraid. Could you do it again? More angry, more hood. Just get in it! [growls] Get me! I want to feel like I m going to die. [play screams] I m just a regular white guy. I m gonna die! Show me! I heard him whispering. [whispers] I said, What the fuck? They whisper… [whispers] I said, What did you say?  We don t want to say it to you. [stammering] You– you people get upset.  Did you say ‘You people ?  No, first I said ‘You, then I thought, ‘the people, ‘People get upset .  Well, what did you say?  Okay, we were wondering, can you… act blacker?  Act blacker? What the fuck?  Yeah. blacker. Like, ‘Hey man, what the fuck?  [audience laughs] I m, like, You all don t even know what acting black is! Are you kidding me? We know what acting black is. You ve never experienced somebody acting black. You know what acting black is? It s stealing something from someone s house. You know you stole it, but you act like you ain t got it. While you re still in their house. Why are you touching me? What s up? [audience laughs] You gotta let them pat you down, too. Go on, touch me! You think I got it? Acting black is being broke, but acting like you re rich. Shut your broke ass up!  You don t know what I m sitting on, nigga! You gotta walk backwards when you say it. You don t know what I m sitting on, nigga!  You don t know what I m sitting on, nigga!  Why you keep going backwards?  You keep coming forwards. You want what I m sitting on, nigga! Start walking backwards. Acting black… Acting black is having it and acting like you don t got it. I see you out here, doing it big in these streets.  Player, I m doing a little something, you know what I mean? [audience laughing] I ain t out here, trying–  I see your diamonds. I ain t trying to… nigga, are you wearing four pairs of Jordans?  I keep changing while I got them on. I keep changing while I m walking.  Is that four pairs of Jordans?  I keep switching them Jordans while I got them on.  This nigga crazy. That s acting black. Acting black is your mama having different boyfriends… [chuckling] …and you act like you only met one of them. [audience laughing] How many other nigga s been over here? [as a child] Just you. That s acting black. That s how you act black. Acting black is coming home knowing your woman s mad, so you act like you re mad, too. So you ain t gotta argue with that ass. You know she s pissed off. [as a female] This motherfucker thinks this is a game. He thinks it s a goddamned game. I know who he… Ah, oh, ooh. So, you gotta come into the house mad. What the fuck! Be creative, slam the door. Bow! Push the baby down. [imitates baby cry] [audience laughs] Look away, don t give her any eye contact. [as a female] Fuck that shit. Where the fuck you been?  Where have I been? What? Those motherfuckers think they can kill me? [as a female] Who tried to kill you? Who tried to kill you? I had a feeling! I had a feeling! I had a feeling! Bitches always got a feeling. I had a feeling!  Get away from the window, they ll kill you, too! [as a female] I knew it!  I don t know who them nigga s was! All I know is I m going out every night this week until I catch them! The black woman s like, Shit. nigga better come in here shot, talking that bullshit. I ain t no dumb-ass, stupid-ass whore. Black women don t believe shit. Even if you come into the house shot, black women will still start shit. [as a female] That shit looks self-inflicted. This motherfucker shot himself, because he don t want to argue with a real bitch tonight. That dancey-dance bullshit. So, I know how to goddamn act. I m sick of explaining shit. Talking about my acting. I ve been in some real shit. I m tired of people asking me about it. I don t know the answers you all want. Why did they kill you in Empire?  Motherfucker, I don t know!  We like Empire. That s a good show. Why d they kill you? Are they gonna bring you back?  Yes.  Are they?  I don t know. If I knew I was gonna die that day, would I have shown up to work? I knew something was gonna happen because I went to the table-read, and in Hollywood, that s where everybody gets a script, and I had no script. [audience laughing] Yo, Taraji, you got a script? [as a female] Yeah, boo.  Yo, drip-drippety-drop, nigga. You got a script?  Yeah, I got a script. [moaning] I liked the role because it showed a different side of what I can do. I like stepping out of the comedy to show I got that dramatic side. So, I was upset when I died on the show. I was upset. As I was leaving, Terrence Howard tried to talk to me. I was like, I don t want to talk to this nigga. He s one of the greatest actors on Earth. His advice would probably be great. But, No, not right now, nigga. I just died. [as Terrence Howard] DeRay, what you want to do? Let me explain what you should do. Because if I was in the same situation you were in, what I would do–  nigga, you really talk like that?  Yeah, I don t know.  Are you about to cry?  I m about to don t know what. [muttering] Can you breathe?  I don t know. You keep asking questions and interrupting.  Stop doing that.  Somebody put my voice on vibrate a long time ago. They never took my voice off vibrate. Sometimes I fade out.  What? [quietly muttering] What? What? [as Howard] Sometimes…  What? [as Howard] Exactly.  Stop. [as Howard] Sometimes people put it on.  nigga, just text me. Then he sent me a text, it was like… [muttering incoherently] [chuckling] This nigga s emojis were shaking. I was like… [groans] [as Howard] Don t think I m playing with you, I m tried to tell the motherfucker not to do this shit.  Did your voice just fade out, nigga? What if you want to say something important? Don t go down there, they gonna kill you.  What are they gonna do? [mutters softly] They re gonna kill me?  That s it.  nigga! But I was excited. Because you get excited about anything you feel God blessed you with. So, I was happy to be on the show. Plus, I didn t audition. John Singleton called me, and put me on the show. Singleton said, I know you can act. I want you to play Cookie s crazy cousin. I said, I got that. And we were filming in Chicago! I got to go home. I was doing a tour, I landed late, I didn t know where we were shooting until I saw it. And I said, John, we might not want to shoot around here. He was, like, Why? I said, Because they be shooting around here. He said, No, I m John Singleton. Listen to me. Writer-producer-director, Baby Boy. Writer-producer-director, Boyz n the Hood. Writer-producer-director, Poetic Justice. Writer-producer-director. I direct, you act! Go act! I said, Shit, all right. I m just sayin. Shit. So, we get ready to do the scene, and they give me the gun. John said, Make sure it s full loads. I said, What the–? They want quarter- or half-loads. I m educating the people. When you do a TV show… they want a half- or quarter-load because you shoot in residential areas. And, in post, they put in the sound, Pop, pop! But John said, I want authenticity. I want that shit to let off. Give him the full load. Sounds like a real gun. I said, Let s get it! I take the gun. He said, Action! Pull up to the light, let the dude have it. [imitates gun] He said, Cut! Beautiful! Then you heard, Pop… pop, pop… [chuckles] John said, Cut. I said, nigga, that ain t us. [audience laughing, clapping] They said, Pack it up. Let s get out of here. One take is fine. I said, You said ‘authenticity  DeRay, get your ass in the car. We ain t got insurance for this shit. We ain t about to battle this shit with blanks, nigga. Which is terrible, and I should be embarrassed. Because my city… Chicago is not Chi-Raq. It is not built on murders. Chicago is a fly-ass city, with fly dudes who produce motherfuckers like this. And shit like that. Beautiful women. Pimping at an all-time high. Yes, um… Organized crime, if there was crime. The first gangs in the world, but organized as gangs against people who were trying to fuck up the communities, originally. Be we re not just known for guns. That s why it bothers me when President Dude says shit about us. Yes, President Dude. I will not say his name and give him power. President Dude. Not on this… Not on DeRay s platform. He said, I m gonna send the feds to Chicago and get all the guns. nigga, show me. You gonna get all the guns? nigga! It s a two-gun minimum to live in Chicago. Chicago s so bad, the First 48 ain t never been there. All them murders, all them episodes, not one in Chicago. They drive right through that bitch. Everyone s dead, everyone did it. Let s go. In Detroit, they drive right through that bitch. It s fucked up. I try not to watch First 48, because it s black-on-black crime. You re like, It s us again. But I can t turn it off. Because I turn it on and there s a nigga in the interrogation room doing a horrible job at trying to live. They love acting it out. They re in the room, Why you got me down here? They re-enact their own shit. I was in the car, asleep, right? I woke up.  What happened, Tay-Tay?  I m in the car, asleep. I woke up. I look around, I don t know where we re at.  So, did you know Charles?  Charles… Charles, Charles, Chuck, C-Dawg, Chuck?  Yeah, that Charles.  Yeah, I know him. Like, kind of, not really know him.  So, do you know him?  I know, I know him. My mama knew his mama, and their mamas knew each other s mamas. Then, we know each other.  Charles is dead.  Don t say that, man!  Don t say that, man! Who shot him? - We didn t say he was shot. - Wait a minute. Hold up! Are you trying to put this on me? Don t put his on me!  So, you don t know what happened?  No, I told you! I m like this, right? Then I go like this. Then I m, like, We re at Charles s house.  I thought you just said you didn t know where you were.  I didn t until you said Charles was dead. I was, like, ‘Must be Charles s house!  But, ultimately, you can t get all the guns in Chicago. It doesn t work like that. We are a violent city. I admit to it. When I was little, we played violent games. We didn t play Duck, Duck, Goose. We played Duck, nigga, Duck!  They re shooting, nigga! Duck! We didn t play catch and kiss a girl, hide-and-seek. We played a game called Stole On. That was our shit. Stole On. You walk behind your boy, and he isn t paying attention… Pssht, Stole on! And he has to repeat it after you hit him. Stole on. Got stole on.  Shit. The game had no meaning, but it was fun. Pshht, Stole on, nigga! Stole on! That nigga got stole on. Shit. I had a cousin. I think he was gay. We were playing Stole On, he made a weird sound and fucked us all up. Like, pshht! Stole on, nigga! Stole on! He was, like, [moans] Stole on.  Oh, shit. My boy said, What kind of sound is that? I said, I don t know.  Uh-uh, that s your cousin.  He s just here for the summer.  Stole on! Stole on! [moans] Stole on! I said, Carl, stop making that sound! We both won t be allowed to play!  Don t be mad because I m winning.  Stop! You can t win this game!  You can t if you re not a winner.  Stop it! We played guns. Before we had guns, we played imaginary guns. Pop-pop, nigga. Whenever you played Cops and Robbers, nobody ever wanted to be the police. You re all the police.  Fuck that! You re all the police! Fuck it, then. We re playing Robbers and Robbers. When you play imaginary guns in the hood, nobody ever wants to get shot. You be right up on a nigga. Bah!  You missed.  nigga! I just blew your brains out! Didn t I blow his brains out? There s always a kid, He did blow your brains out, dawg. Kids make up bullshit. Okay, you blew my brains out. I went to the hospital and got my brains fixed. I m back.  You can t get your brains fixed! I hate killing you! Everybody s playing imaginary guns. Pop, pop, pop…pop. My boy walks up with an imaginary shotgun. Ch-ch, boom! nigga s like, Oh Shit! Where you get that? [audience laughs] He was like, My daddy got it for me. We was like, Damn! We re really imagining. He got a daddy now, y all! [audience roars] Then everyone starts saying, I want a daddy, too!  I got a strong daddy!  No no, I got a tall daddy! One of my boys says, My daddy got a job! I was like, nigga… You re fucking the game up. Next, you re gonna say he s coming to pick you up. [audience laughs] Everybody s playing imaginary guns. Pop pop, pop, pop. Ch-ch, boom! He comes crawling around the corner. What y all playing? My boy says, We re not fucking with Carl. He s gonna do that [moans] Stole On shit. I said, Carl, we can t play with you.  Why can t I play?  We re playing ‘Guns and Gangsters now. Pop, pop! You want to do that ‘Stole On shit. We ain t doing that any more!  I can play Guns and Gangsters . No! Pop, pop! Shit is real out here, Carl.  I m gonna go tell.  Fuck! Goddammit, Carl. Fuck! [audience laughs] All right, you can play, but it s ‘Guns and Gangsters , you understand? ‘Pop, pop! only, motherfucka. Pew. No ricochet, no shit like that. He said, Don t worry about my weapon, and disappeared. What the fuck? I was, like, Where the hell is Carl at? Two hours pass. We re out there, playing forever. We re running out of bullets. [chuckles] [audience laughing] Okay, it was starting to get dark. We had to go home. I can t go home without that nigga. I m like, Where the hell is Carl at? Carl comes around the corner with an imaginary bow-and-arrow. Stole on, stole on, stole on. My boy said, I think it went through my leg! I said, Don t entertain this nigga! He was killing us with the best gay weapons ever. Move out the way! Grenade! Mm, and boom. Everybody laid on the ground. I said, I might was well lay down. I m gonna lay down. This nigga won. He really won. Stole on! Then the President Dude said, You know what? I m gonna change the gun laws. So strict, they re gonna wish I didn t. That s a white threat. We ll change the gun laws. Gun laws? Do you think… That shit is hilarious. Do you think street nigga s give a shit about gun laws? Do you think two nigga s meet in an alley, Hey, nigga! What s the gun law this week? Black people don t care about laws. Black people don t care about laws. We weren t there when they made them. Black people don t know about the Constitution. You don t. We pretend we do. We know, We the people . We know freedom of speech, but nigga s don t know the Constitution. The Constitution ain t barbershop talk. You won t hear two nigga s arguing, I bet it does say that. I got the scroll in my pocket! Cut the scroll in my hair, show this nigga what it s about. We don t know laws. Black people don t find out about laws until we break them. If you don t believe me, go to any criminal court and sit there all day. And watch how confused nigga s look at their charges. What s all this shit? Yes, I had the gun. What s the other shit around it? nigga s look at charges like they fucked up a food order. I had the gun, what s all the other shit? No relish, no tomatoes, no onion, no fleeing. None of that shit is me, okay? I ll take the gun. I will take that. No, black people don t respect laws. Black people respect signs. They respect the fuck out of a sign. I don t know what it is about a sign that gets our attention. nigga, move! You don t see the sign that says not to stand there? If you put a sign up that says Don t kill nigga s, nigga s won t kill nigga s. [groaning] I was about to murder a nigga. Who put that sign up? [groaning] How long that sign been there?  I don t know. [grunting] A nigga will read a parking sign for 30 minutes before he parks. Before 12:00, after 8:00, between the hours of 6:00 and 2:00. This shit looks like homework. Uh… You talk to people you don t even know. Could you all come here for a second? When you look at this sign, what do you see? You look at a sign like it s fine art. What do you see, looking at this sign? Klaus, what do you see?  Everybody, gather around and look at the sign. Man, it s like an eclipse. Look at the sign, everybody enjoy it. The sign s like Family Feud. Everybody gets in the corner. Everybody s huddled up. What you all think? What? Okay. Hey, Steve, we ll take Don t Park for $400. Yeah. You want to respect that shit. But the gun laws don t affect us. Gun laws are about other shit. If you want to change the gun laws, change the laws for the motherfuckers that s fucking people up with guns. I mean, fucking people up. Mass murderers, terrorist-type shit. Look at a crazy motherfucker, and know that he s crazy. We can t do that. We don t want to be profiled. Black people hate being profiled. We re profile, and we don t want to be profiled. We think everything s because we re black. You re pulling me over because I m black.  It s nothing to do with the gun and cocaine on your seat?  Ah.  With the baby dancing in the back, dancing on the seat?  My daddy got cocaine and a gun on his seat! Or racism. Everything s racism or ISIS. No, no. Motherfuckers are just crazy. I don t give a damn about racism. It doesn t affect me, personally. People keep saying Racism s back, like racism left. Like racism was a person at home. Wait a minute. They re getting along? [audience laughing] Racism, when did you come back?  Just know I m back. Shit s about to change again! No. We ve been racist. Everybody s racist. Some of you black people are racist. Quit playing. Some of you nigga s got old-ass, 80- to 90-year-old grandparents who are racist as fuck. [deep voice] Get this white bitch out of my house.  Granddaddy, don t act like that. You know that s my wife. [deep voice] You get that white bitch out of here! You know I m playing the lottery this week! Get her out of here! She s fucking up my luck. Get the bitch out of here right now!  The grand-kids miss you.  Get them mixed motherfuckers out of here! Get them beebies out of here!  Beebies?  Babies! Get them out this bitch! Little babies motherfucker!  They miss you.  They miss me being a slave, nigga! That s what they miss. We gonna march here, right now, if I play these numbers. So, I don t want to hear about racism. There s a decision to make. There s jobs black people still don t trust black people with. Obama had the best job in the world, who wouldn t think it even exists. And still, there s jobs nigga s don t trust nigga s with. Ain t that crazy? Obama. Cool-ass job. Walked in there, super-swaggy. Loves hip-hop, fade was dope as hell. On the way in, fly. On the way out, fly. He was freeing motherfuckers. Walked into jail, Free goes your man.  nigga! [audience laughs] He let Gucci Mane go. And still black people don t trust black people with certain jobs. You walk into a tax office, and a nigga s working there. [groaning] I m gonna go to the car, man. Do the math or something. I ll be back. Pull up to the club, there s a black valet driver. [groans] I m gonna park it myself, Leroy.  Leroy? My name ain t no goddamn Leroy.  You look like a Leroy. Black people don t trust black people that look like a black person they didn t trust. Want me to say it again slow for y all? Did you all get it? nigga s don t trust a nigga that looks like a nigga they didn t trust. You look like my cousin. That nigga be robbing and stealing. This ain t your face. Nothing against you. Nope. But we need to profile the shit that s fucked up. I like to call it the shit-uations . We need to profile the mothefuckers that really separate shit. These murdering motherfuckers. All we got to do is remember what we re here for. I get it. Black Lives Matter. I m here. I get it, 2,000 percent. All lives matter, I hear you. Nobody wants to die. But, goddammit, awareness matters. Go back to being aware. We re not aware no more. -[applause] -We re not looking for the crazy! When you were little, you looked for the crazy. There goes that crazy motherfucker. The nigga at the park with a bike and no wheels on it. On the see-saw by himself. How s he doing that? - I m everyone s parent. - No! Call the motherfucker crazy. Somebody looks out of place, approach them. You could stop a terrorist act. You look weird. What are you doing? You re at a pool party with a fur coat on. nigga, leave. You awkward. Tell me one time you ve seen a crazy thing happen that you didn t look at the picture and say Who let that crazy person in? Come on, man. Shot up the movie theater? The movie theater where you re chilling? I was pissed. Where was the awareness? Who the fuck sold him a ticket? He looked weird as fuck! And he was dressed like Batman, going to see Return of the Jedi. I wouldn t have given him a ticket. Go home. Even if you shot me, you still ain t getting in. No! But that s not what we re doing. Everybody s just Snapchatting. Everybody cares about themselves. Look, he s gonna shoot me! Oh, shit! nigga, I just got shot! Twice! Oh, shit! Now put the dog filter on me! [barking] Dead dog, dead dog. nigga, tell me how many likes I die with. No, look for the crazy motherfucker. Miami. Dude at the airport lands, gets his bag, unzips it, and shoots people in the airport, while they re getting their bags. That is some shit nigga s prepare for. Nobody here is out of line. nigga, if I was in that bitch, you d have been shot. I wish I were dead.  No, you don t. That ain t your real wish. You don t know what you re gonna do. You hear, Pow pow! You re like, Shit, this city s crazy. He right here. Oh, shit! And he looks crazy. Which means he looked crazy on the plane. Which means somebody sat next to him and didn t go, What s your crazy-looking ass doing in Miami? Because crazy people talk to you. I want to kill people.  Oh, yeah? Thank you. Ding! Miss? [shouting] Miss! [calmly] I d like some peanuts, some cran-apple… [quietly shouting] That nigga crazy!  What? [shouting] That nigga crazy! The nigga right next to me. That motherfucker right there. Bitch turn the air on, air off. [groans] The fucker s nuts! Awareness. Help each other. A white boy walks into a church in South Carolina. People worshiping God. Shot up the place. Immediately, He s racist! We saw swastikas! No, no, no. He was fucking nuts. He was crazy. He wasn t racist. He smoked weed with a nigga all that week. You don t smoke weed with black people if you re racist. You don t want black lips on your blunt. He was crazy. Where was the awareness? I know lives were lost. Please forgive me. Anybody that lost someone that day, it s fucked up. But let s get the awareness up. A brand-new white dude showed up to a black church, who wasn t Jesus. And nobody went to the door, No new members today! You crazy motherfucker. Get the fuck out of here! Did he look crazy? Deacon, Deacon, he looked nuts, right? I guarantee if I go to a Catholic church tonight and I stand outside like this… Not today, my son. Get this motherfucker out of here. Yes, let s be aware. Awareness is important. Orlando. Dude walked into that club and killed all them beautiful people enjoying themselves. Partying. Now, the problem. If you got a .22, you could sneak that into a club. A .380, maybe I d have pulled it off. A 9mm, if you and your boy bump when they pat you down, I heard you can get one in. Just mental Atlanta in this bitch. But that ain t what happened. He had that motherfucking… Who the– [stammers] Didn t anybody in that parking see that motherfucker? You can t miss that shit. This move is unmissable. Somebody had to see it. Somebody at home is guilty of not warning those people. People say, Stop snitching, but I m telling. If you don t know that motherfucker coming, I m gonna go, Hey! I know! Ha, ha! Yeah. My eyes are beautiful. I appreciate it. Listen! There s a crazy motherfucker right now. He s about to kill everybody. Get the fuck out of here. You re welcome! I m out this bitch. Let s save some lives. I was tripping, because they said it was a gay hate-crime in Orlando. That wasn t a gay hate-crime. He was mad at himself because he was gay. That s what happened. Yeah. Y all ain t got to think with me, but I think one of the dudes in there fucked him. Yup. Call it how you want to. I think one of the dudes in that club fucked him and then stopped fucking with him. Because gay dudes are harsher than women. Oh, you thought this was a relationship? [raspberries] No, boo-boo. Be gone, be strong, so long!  nigga! What? What? That s crazy. Dick drove him crazy. Listen to those words. Dick drove him crazy. Which is nobody s business because we all evolve as people. Whoever wants to make love or have sex or fuck who they want to fuck, that s up to you. We all want different things as we grow. Who s sexing who is none of our business. It s like you worrying about how much air is in everybody s tires when you driving. That shit s low. That s all right, there. Is that a Hummer? He needs about 45 pounds per– It s none of your fucking business. But I ll tell you this! Shit like that, that s one of the main reasons I would never be gay. Shit like that. Yes, dick drove him crazy. And I know what my dick does to women. Yes. So, I ll be damned if I run into a DeRay-Dick nigga. I ll be outside another man s house… James! James! nigga ain t even got no gum. James! I m a Pisces, too. James! Someone s consoling me. Just calm down.  You calm down! Fuck that. No bet. No a-dick-tion for me. I just want everybody to be aware. I even tell my family. I tell my daughters, Be aware. My daughter s an unaware motherfucker. A little, unaware nigga. She s so different from me. I love her, but so different. You want your kids lives to be better but you still want them to have the hood in them. Does that make sense? Or am I fucking up? You want your kid to be fun and fun-loving but you want to be like, Hey, Daddy, who s that motherfucker over there?  That ain t nobody.  Okay, back to my game! But I m, like, Don t trust that motherfucker. [as a girl] Dad, you don t even know. [mutters] You don t know these kids! Kids are different now! You call a kid ugly,  fat,  stupid,  tall,  smart … You re too handsome to be here. That s called bullying. When I was little, that shit was called school. You got roasted for no reason. Yo fake-ass, Polo shirt, horse-on-one-side, man-on-the-other-ass nigga. Them Jordans, sitting-down-on-the-side-of-your-shoe, waiting-to-get-in-the-game-ass nigga. Your-daddy-ain t-been-home in-four-months nigga. nigga s roasted you. You ran home, Mama, what did you tell them nigga s? But you can t roast kids now. Kids get upset. That kid who got talked about, He was like, Fuck this. Went home during lunch, walked five miles home. Went in his mama s room, got the gun, went back to the school, and shot the kids up. I was baffled. Like, Damn!… This nigga gets to go in his mama s room? [audience laughing] Mamas are different now! Not my mama. You don t need shit out of this motherfucker! Who the fuck been in my goddamn room? I know you been in here! My carpet s laid down different! And you ve been in my quarters. Three are missing! It was a 1976… a 1976… [chuckling] That bitch knew the years on the quarters. It was a 1976 quarter. That one had a ship on the back. I got that quarter from your uncle.  We gotta get the quarters back, nigga! Return the cookies! Return the cookies! I snuck in my mama s room one time, because I wanted to taste a Pepsi. I had never tasted one. And my white friend said they were delicious. I knew black mamas had all the brand shit in their rooms. She got good shit in there. We re all drinking and eating that bullshit. Who baked this shit?  The store. Drinking that bullshit-ass soda. Red soda pop, black cherry, cream soda, fucking your stomach up. You don t even know why you re sick the next morning. What s wrong? Tastes like Alka Seltzer with food coloring in it. With a splash of honey. My cousin pumped me up. He said, You deserve to taste Pepsi, too. Ain t those supposed to be your food stamps, too? I said, Sure is. I ran into my mama s room, so nervous. I slid under the bed, next to the Pepsis. I couldn t open the can, I was so nervous. I just bit that bitch. I bit into the goddamn… Blood and aluminum ran down my throat. But it was delicious. To this day, I still crave aluminum now and then. To show myself I made it. But awareness is important. I grew up staying aware, to this day. I was at a club in LA, enjoying myself. The music was great. A mix of old school and new school. I m outside the club, talking to three beautiful women. DeRay, we want to go back to your place. I said, Shit, I never heard that before. Yes, I lied. And, um… While we re talking, two girls across the street start arguing. [as a female] Fuck you, bitch! You stupid-ass bitch!  You ain t doing shit, bitch!. You re a raggedy-ass bitch! I said, That ain t got nothing to do with me. Let em live. Then their boyfriends start arguing. You better get your girl! Get your ugly-ass girl, nigga! I said, That s got nothing to do with me. Let it live over there. Then he said two words you don t want to hear outside a club. [shouting] All right, watch this! I said, Huh? White people, if you re watching this right now, know whenever two nigga s arguing, and one says Watch this, don t watch. He ain t trying to teach you a dance. Get the fuck out of there. One of them came around the corner, firing. Fop, fop, fop, fop, fop, fop! I said, Fuck! Everybody outside the club dropped to the ground. Like the nigga shooting couldn t aim down. Say what you want about DeRay, Bitch-ass nigga from Chicago, that s light-skin shit. Shit, I made a motherfucking people-carpet out of all them motherfuckers. I stepped on legs, thighs, wings, all that shit. Lace fronts, new fronts, new Jordans, old Jordans. I ran across them all. True shit! I ran through the motherfuckers, ran back into the club, went into the bathroom, pulled my pants down, acted like I was shitting. I always thought as a kid, a dude wouldn t kill a dude who was shitting. I m shitting!  Oh, no disrespect. He ll leave because it s disrespectful. While I was in there on the toilet, like, Oh, man. Oh, man. The door opened. I m like, Fuck. Fuck! I see the feet walking in. Real shit. I said, Fuck. And the dude was, like, [whispering] Fuck. Shit. I opened the door, it was a dude who had got shot. I said, Hey, what s up? He said, nigga, I feel it travelling. And then he said, I hate when this happens.  nigga? This ain t the first time? He says, Call my girl. I don t to go out like this. I want her to know I love her. I was like, All right.  I don t know what to say.  Call my girl. I was like, Fuck. I called the number. He s like Talk for me. I said, Hello? She said, Hey, baby. I said, No! He s next to me. He got shot.  Oh, my God. Where you at?  We re at the club. And the nigga said, Mm-mm! Mm-mm! Mm-mmm! I said, What? [low voice] We re at the pool hall!  What?  The pool hall, nigga! Like, what? [deep voice] Give me my phone! Hello, baby! Baby! [chuckling] Awareness is important. Be aware of everything. Be aware. They say the end of the world is coming. Show me. I don t think it s the end. I think we re right in the middle. Animals think it s the end. Animals don t give a shit no more. Crocodiles eating babies at fucking theme parks. The crocodile ate the baby! And the family said, We just want to grieve. We re not going to sue. I was, like, Shit! I m suing, nigga. When I come back there s gonna be a DeRay ride in this bitch! What the fuck? Animals don t give a fuck no more. You see that gorilla drag that little boy? Whose little baby is this right here? Whose baby? [muttering] Scared the fuck out of everybody. Which one of you bitches left this motherfucker? Ain t nobody gonna say shit? I m mopping the goddamn floor with this little nigga and nobody s gonna say something? And black people were surprised. You re like, Look, another little white baby fell at the zoo. When you see it s a black baby, it s like Oh, shit! He s black! And white people say, See? It can happen. It s about time! We were wondering. I was so happy that little nigga got dropped. I was! Hey, fuck, say what you want to say, I was happy that little nigga got dropped on his bad ass. I heard he told his mama twice that he was getting in the gorilla pit. I m about to go with the gorillas. She said, You better not!  Bitch, what are you gonna do when I do it? Nothing happened to him. I was pissed off. Not a scratch, not a bite, not a broken bone. Nothing happened to him. I was mad as fuck. The parent in me was mad, because no life lesson was learned. Life lessons are important. That little motherfucker is gonna be a problem when he grows up. You ain t gonna be able to tell him shit! Third grade, 10-years-old, cursing teachers out. Bitch, I ve been with the gorillas! [grunting] Calm down. [hooting] Who are you talking to, bitch? You don t tell Caesar to calm down, bitch. You don t tell Caesar to calm down. Better put your hand out, bitch, and get rubbed. Put your hand out. Show a palm, bitch. Hoo, ha! Hoo, ha. Fuck your… [pants] …A-B-Cs, bitch! I wish the fuck I had fell in that pit. If my mama, my ghetto-ass, broke-ass, barely-fucking-making-it mama she took a day off to take me to the zoo… and I fall in the pit? nigga, on accident or on purpose, the minute I land, I turn around, My nigga, you gotta keep me! [audience laughing] I m your baby, now. Me gorilla, too. She s crazy. She ll come down here, whup me, and whup you, too. Drag foot. Hurt. Hurt. I wish I d fallen in that pit, and nothing happened to me. I don t need no medical attention. And I m embarrassed to let this motherfucking zoo… Got these white people thinking I m gonna take care of your monkey ass? No other kid fell, no other kid fell, but you re all close to the edge and shit! Like you ain t got no goddamned sense! In those goddamned school clothes I just bought you. I m fucking you up. Because you think it s a game. I got your ass. That whole ride home, you re nervous as fuck. She s in the rear-view, looking dead at you. Talking to your auntie. Yeah, it was that nigga all in that pit! Like I m gonna take care of his monkey-ass! Probably wanted a banana, his greedy ass, like his daddy. I m gonna show this nigga an ‘animal when we get home. Watch me! Watch me show you! You re at home, waiting on that whooping. [groans] [mock sobs] Knocking over shit in your room that doesn t matter. Your toys. Ha, ha. Punching the mattress. [grunts] Trying to get your brothers and sisters on your side. [sobbing] Listen, listen, listen, listen, listen, listen… Do I even like the zoo? Did I want to go to the zoo? Did I want to go? Do I ever want to go to the zoo? I was sleeping. Do you want to go to the zoo? I said okay. Okay! They re trying not to touch you. No, please. If you get a whupping, we all get a whupping. She said she s gonna show you her animal, nigga! She ain t never said that before. [groans] Just help me!  We can t help you now. You fell in the pit. You almost died, so now you re getting a whupping. When you re thinking your mama is gonna forget about that shit, you hear her coming up the stairs, Hey, zookeeper! Awareness. Those were the fun times, though. It s not fun no more. Those were the times when you didn t have to be aware of even the police. You didn t. As a young black kid, you wouldn t worry about getting killed. You wouldn t. Shit s weird now. Now you gotta be aware of them, too. It s scary, the police shooting people. Making horrible fucking decisions. I m not saying all police. There s good police. There s police that make good decisions. Domestic violence, both of you got a black eye. Go to bed. [audience laughing] That s a good cop. [chuckles] Looks about even, go to sleep. Not all police are bad, but the ones that are bad make it look bad for everybody. They do. And I m scared of the retaliation. There s been a couple times– We ve seen it. Innocent people get killed, and innocent police get killed. And we felt bad for them. If you had a heart, you did. Like, She was just sitting in the car. Black woman, sitting in a car, gets shot. That s not cool. I don t want to get shot at my job because someone else did some shit. nigga, I barely want to work. That dude in Dallas was shooting at police so accurately, they shot it was four shooters. Like, your ass whupped by one dude, go home, Baby, I got jumped! And I m not making light of the lives that were lost. I m not. Because they were some brave-ass police. They heard over the radio that a sniper was shooting just the police. And those motherfuckers stayed the police. Me, on that night– nigga, I was… I would have been out there in just my drawers, with a radio. Kssh. Over. Y all catch him yet? Over.  Davis is that you?  By the gas station, naked. Yes, sir. I suggest everybody get naked. Because it s fucked up. This is what I think part of the problem is. They re hiring police and placing them in the wrong place. This is not your area. That s why shit it happening. You can t be a policeman in the hood if you don t know nothing about the hood. -[applause] -It s only fair. Do a little research. Know something. You can t pull me over if you don t know Migos, nigga. They re pulling a nigga over! What are you pulling me over for, over for, over for? What are you pulling me over for, over for, over for? Step out the car, don t make a sound, lay on the ground. Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! You gotta know some shit like that. You gotta know a little hood. I think if there was a policeman from the hood in these situations, a life would have been saved. I think so. Because a hood cop is not going to choke you to the ground, and when you say you can t breathe, keeps choking. A hood cop will hear you say you can t breathe, and say I got your ass! Remember this, nigga. You couldn t breathe! A hood cop will walk up while a man s selling DVDs outside a store. They re not gonna wrestle him to the ground, and then shoot him. And it goes viral. A hood cop is gonna walk up and say, Hey, man. The store owner don t want you here, but what movies do you got? Shit, this ain t even out, nigga! Aliens: Forever? nigga! Give me all this shit and get out of here. I ll get 10 movies tomorrow. Even if you re not getting 10 movies, they know how to defuse a situation. Because if you re not hood, shit looks scary to you! You think a lion walk through the jungle, sees another lion, and be, like… [shrieks] No. No. You re not from the hood, so shit looks scary. You pull past some dudes fucking around, and he s like, What s up, police? What s up?  Shit! Pow! Shit, he looked aggressive. Didn t he look aggressive?  He did look aggressive to me. Did he to you?  He looked aggressive to me.  Okay, on ‘three . One, two, three, ‘Aggressive!  It fucks you up, doesn t it? They visualize it different. A hood cop sees that different. Walk up, see the same hood dudes, What s up, police? What s up?  Cool off or I ll taze your ass right here.  Hood recognize hood. Don t taze me, man! I was just bullshitting. I m playing. I was gonna give you my mix tape. My nigga! We shouldn t be scared of the police. Shouldn t be afraid of the police. You know what I do now, when I get pulled over by the police? Call the police. Hello, there s a strange man outside my window. He has a gun. Uh… [chuckles] He wants me to step out of the car. What did you say? Don t step out? Y all say ‘Don t step out  My police shows up, shakes his hand. Shit, they know each other! Call some more. Hello.  Yes, can you send a Negro cop, please? Thank you. You ever get pulled over by a black cop that wasn t a black black cop? What s up, family?  I ain t your family.  Oh, shit. Hello! Y all sent the nigga from Get Out. Can y all please send… a regular nigga. Yeah, regular. Yeah. Preferably, last name ‘Washington. Yes, thanks. Awareness. You used to be scared of the police because you were scared of the consequences of being pulled over. I can t get pulled over now, I got dope in the trunk.  Can t get pulled over, I gotta get these kids.  Can t get pulled over, the bitch ain t gonna believe I got pulled over. I was coming home from the club on a Wednesday. It was late as fuck. My girl like, Why are you so late? I was like, The police pulled me over, but they just gave me a warning. She was like, Oh, for real? I was like, Yeah. She was like, Okay. I came home Thursday, late again. This time, I really got pulled over. The police said, I ll let you go with a warning. I was like, nigga! I m gonna need a ticket! This bitch ain t gonna believe I got two warnings! What do I gotta do to get a ticket? I hit him in the face. Stole on, nigga! Come on! You can t go home to no black woman with two warnings. [as a female] So, all they did is ‘warn you, huh? I see what we re doing, now. Cool! I m going out all next week. I ma get ‘warned every night, nigga! It s a damn shame to be more scared of your woman than the number-one threat to black men in America, the police. You re more scared of your woman! Isn t that crazy? You pay all the bills, take care of everything, but you re scared. You ll fight eight dudes to defend her honor, but scared to come home late. If you pull up to dark house when you know you re late, and the light comes on? This bitch is up. You know she s in the house, starting shit up with herself, the way women do. That s why women get so mad. They start shit with themselves. They re making themselves mad. [groans] Talking to themselves. He thinks I m a stupid-ass bitch. You ever argue with your woman, she turns and talk to someone who ain t there? You think I m a dumb-ass bitch?  He thinks I am!  Who the fuck are you talking to? Who else is here? I got in an argument with an argument ninja one time, she was so good. She literally dodged my bullshit. I ve never seen this in my life. You re telling me you don t know that bitch? I said, I don t know her! She said, Whoa! You almost hit me with that bullshit. Because I know you know that whore!  What the fuck? Did you just duck? You all know you re crazy, too! Look, they know they re crazy, they re laughing. Sitting right next to you. [cackles] And it s okay? It s wild that women s crazy is accepted, but ours isn t. And we have nobody to help us. Women got their girlfriends to help them. If our boy is acting crazy, we let him know, at least. If your boy is acting crazy, Hey, man! nigga! You re out of character right now!  Straight up. I m clowning?  You clowning.  Thank you. Take me home.  Come on, man. Women don t care if a girlfriend s acting crazy. They don t give a fuck. Because crazy bitches can t see other crazy bitches. Its like The Walking Dead. A zombie doesn t see another zombie. You never see a zombie say, What s up, nigga? [groaning] You re dead, too? That s how crazy women are. You wonder why we keep our phones away from y all. Fuck y all. Because we know you re gonna find something wrong in there. Man don t even let women plug their phones in anymore. Baby, I ll plug in the charger.  I got it, bitch. Every man s got that long-ass charger, now. It s so long, nigga s at the club is charging his phone from home. I got this shit.  I keep my battery on 99 because these be on ‘100 . You think your woman ain t got your cellphone code, you re the dumbest man breathing. How do they figure it out? His birthday divided by his graduation number divided by his license plate. Boop, boop. I got that shit! We use our fingerprints now! We don t trust our own codes. We re willing to give our information to the government rather than your girl getting your shit. And she tries to get that shit! You re asleep, you feel your hand moving. Bitch, let go of my hand!  I wanted to cuddle.  You didn t want to cuddle, bitch! You had my index finger extended! I can t trust you!  You can trust me!  Fuck, no! Now I got to sleep with oven mitts on this motherfucker!  Gotta sleep with boxing gloves on. I can t trust.  This nigga put boxing gloves on, bitch. What should I do? I know it s our fault, though. It s our fault. We always get to wandering. That technology gets you to wandering. Instagram. That bitch is bad, goddamn. Goddamn! How many times can I like the same picture? A nigga s willing to break their finger on a picture. Goddamn! This picture s amazing! Twitter, gotta follow, Snapchat. This bitch, here! Look at this bitch! Any new technology, man fucks with it. That waterproof phone came out. nigga! The waterproof phone? Men were immediately shower-talking other bitches. Hello, other hoes! I don t have to leave my phone out there no more! Ha-ha! What am I doing? I m washing my balls, getting ready for your jaws, bitch! Yes! [cackles] You know how it is! I m doing what I do for you! Ha-ha! nigga s were macking other bitches underwater. [trilling, gargling] I m single! Crazy black girl is looking for your ass. Who are you talking to? Who the fuck are you talking to?  You can t swim.  I don t care!  You re going to drown.  I don t care!  You re gonna fuck up your hair.  Uh-uh, Team Natural! I m DeRay Davis. I appreciate every one of y all. [cheering, applause] [hip-hop music playing] [audience chanting] DeRay! DeRay! DeRay! DeRay! DeRay! DeRay! DeRay! DeRay! DeRay! DeRay! DeRay!

RUSSELL PETERS@ALMOST FAMOUS@2016@-Yeah, Russell! Oi, Russell! Your mother is so fat. What the hell did you say to me? Do I look like Ryan s mom? Somebody gonna get a hurt real bad. Oh, DDR. So good. His best buddy is in the house. Best what? Best buddy. Oh, my God. Thank you. All right! And now, ladies and gentlemen, Canada s own and the pride of Brampton, Ontario… Toronto, give it up for your hometown boy, Russell… Peters. Hey, thank you. Thanks. All right. There you are. There you are. There s my city. Heh. That s it. That s what I m talking about. Hey, give it up for, uh, DJ Spinbad and Starting From Scratch, ladies and gentlemen. Live DJing. Live. Not dead. Live. Asian guy, how are you? Good. You re looking very anime. -What style..? Are you Filipino? -Chinese. Chinese. That s the main kind of Asian. That s.. That s the one they make the most of. They, uh… You can pick them up fairly cheap. They re reasonably priced. They re.. -Heh, what s your name? -Kat Sang Bong. I ll.. I ll do the jokes now. Are you..? You doing comedy is like watching, well, you drive. Uh, that s.. That s.. How you guys doing? You good? All right. Hey, giant Asian guy. That s a.. Crickey, you re a big one. Um.. -What style of Asian are you? -Chinese. You re Chinese. Look at that. -How tall are you? -Six feet. Six feet in.. In Chinese, that s like… That s like eight feet. Which in Chinese is a lucky number. So, that s… -What s your name? -Edward. Edward. Oh, yeah, for sure. Yeah. No doubt. Absolutely I believe that. I, uh… -What s your Chinese name, Edward? -I… I… I don t know if you were hesitating or if that was your Chinese name. I… Well, that s interesting. I… Oh, my God. I m so glad this job worked out, guys, cause.. You can t act like this in any other job. Do you realize that? I d be in HR every day. -Russell, do you know why you re here? -No. You insulted somebody. Who? Everybody. I m not good at things Indian people are supposed to do. That s why I do this shit for a living. Anything Indian people can do, I can t do. I m mad envious when I see Indian people doing smart, intelligent things that involve studying and learning how to do something good. I.. I do. Anytime I see.. Like doctors. How many doctors? Are there any doctors here tonight? Look at that. Only in my audience we have that many fucking doctors. Where s the doctor over there? -What kind of doctor are you? -Gynecologist. Gynecologist. Oh, wow, that s a.. Any openings? Oh, okay. All right. I… And where s the other doctor? You, bro? -What kind of doctor are you? -Orthopedic. Orthopedic. Is that a real doctor? Let me ask the gynecologist. Uh. No. She says no. Where s the other doctor? -And what are you? -Surgeon. Surgeon. That s a real doctor, as far as I m concerned. -What kind of surgeon? -General surgeon. Gen.. Genital surgeon? Is that what you said? Or general? Oh, general surgeon. Oh, yeah. That makes.. I was like, Hey, you re cutting into her business here. So, out of the three doctors, you re the least. Um… And that s your buddy with the caterpillar on his forehead? Um, look at that eyebrow. That is fucking incredible. Get a shot of that. Oh, my God. That is.. That is impressive. That.. Damn, that s a.. Springtime is here. That thing s gonna turn into a butterfly in no time. I m glad there s real doctors here, is all I m trying to say. ‘Cause I asked the audience one night, Any doctors here? , and this Indian guy got up all proud. He s like, I m a doctor. I go, What kind of doctor are you?  I m a psychiatrist. I m like, That s not a doctor, ever. An orthopedic doctor is more of a doctor than a fucking psychiatrist. If shit goes down, you re not hoping there s a psychiatrist around. If you re on an airplane, like, There s an emergency onboard. Do we have a doctor?  I m a doctor. I m a psychiatrist.  Sir, this gentleman s having a heart attack.  Fuck. All right. Uh.. Let me go talk to him. Sir? Sir? Sir, let go of your chest. Sir, what makes you think you re having a heart attack right now? This goes back to his childhood. What s your name, Dr. Orthopedic? -Jamaal. -Jamaal. Oh, shit. -Where s your family from? -Saudi. Saudi. Oh, shit. Double shit. Triple shit. We re all in shit. Um… And where do you practice? Here, or there? -Hamilton. -Hamilton. Yeah. Ooh. I mean, oh, great! Being in Hamilton, you must miss, uh, Saudi. Um… And Dr. Genitals, uh… Dr. General Surgeon, what s your name? -Sandeep. Oh, that s my people right there, for sure. Got this shit on lock, Jamaal. And how long you been a doctor for? -Ten years. Oh, you re brand new. Fuck that. I, uh.. How old are you? -Forty-one. How long did it take you to become a doctor? -A long time. -Sorry? -A long time. -A long time. Yeah, thanks. Okay. I think I was already implying that. I, uh.. I was actually asking for an actual timeline. -Where did you study? Here? -Yeah. Why didn t you just go to India? You could become a doctor in four and a half years in India. If you go to India to become a doctor, four and a half years, and you re a doctor. In North America, ten, 11, 12 years to become a doctor. You know why? ‘Cause we re soft over here. Over here, they re like, They need the summer off, so their brains can relax. India s like, Fuck you. And they don t learn less in India. They learn just as much, if not more. They just cram it into four and a half years. There s a billion people, like, We need doctors. Hurry up. Study, study, study. Where did you grow up? -Mississauga. -Mississauga. Yeah. First of all, you can t let out a.. A ‘hood yeah! It s.. It s Mississauga, you fucking dummies. All right? It s not like.. It s not even like, Oh, shit! It s like, Yeah, Mississauga. It s.. Mississauga, and he s a doctor. How gangster do you think his life was? I gotta be honest with you, Sandeep, it s nothing personal, but I would never go to you as a doctor. Um… I would never go to an Indian guy that became a doctor, especially one that was born and raised in this part of the world. Fuck that. If you were born and raised here, you had dreams, and it was never to become a doctor. Let s be honest. I d go to an Indian woman that became a doctor. Obviously, not you, cause, you know, I.. I have boy parts. But… I would go to an Indian woman that became a doctor. When an Indian woman becomes a doctor, that means she really wanted to be a doctor. Even her parents are like, Sweetie, you don t have to become a doctor. You can just marry a doctor. And she s like, Fuck you. I wanna be a doctor. I need that kind of determination from my doctor, you know? Well, you had dreams when you were 14 years old, right, Sandeep? And it wasn t to be a doctor. That s not what a 14-year-old dreams about. A 14-year-old… has dreams that are ridiculous. That.. That your dream at 14 should never be logical. It should be the dumbest shit you re doing at 14. I ll tell you what my dream was. It wasn t to be a comedian. I didn t even know this job existed. My dream.. It ll make you feel better about whatever your dream was. Here s what I thought I was gonna do for the rest of my life. I thought.. Heh. I.. I wanted to be a dancer. All right. First of all, fuck you. All right? Second of all, not a stripper. I was.. I was a break dancer, and I was like, Yo, I m gonna do this shit forever. Not a realistic goal, though. What was your dream when you were 14, growing up on the mean streets of Mississauga, Sandeep? Now, be honest. Don t make no bullshit up. -A musician. -Huh? A musician. -Did you play any instruments? -Yes. Well, good. That s a good start. I always.. I always have Indian guys yell out shit that they never did. I wanted to be in the NBA.  Did you play basketball?  Not once. I just love giant black men. You know, just.. What instrument did you play? -Guitar. -You good? -Pretty good. -You still throw down on it? -Pretty well. Yeah. Yeah. So, you wanted to be a musician. I know what happened. Tell me if I m right. You re about 17, 18 years old. You re sitting in your room, playing with your… guitar. And… you were thinking, I m gonna be a musician. Your mom walked in and went, Sandoo… That s all you need for a nickname. All you need is add two O s to whatever you want the nickname to be. Sandoo. Like.. Like Edward, Edwoo. Well, that could be your name, Edwoo. Sorry, that.. That didn t work, cause he might very well be an Ed Woo. Your mom walked in: Sandoo… you re going to college. Why don t you become a doctor? And you were like, What s wrong with your face?  If you become a doctor, you can fix it. So, you put your guitar down and picked up a stethoscope, and it was all over after that. That s why I could never go to you. I don t want my doctor to have had other dreams about being something else. My doctor in America is gonna be a black guy from the ‘hood who grew up with every disadvantage. Real ‘hood. Like in the ‘hood ‘hood. Where the.. Where people were like, Yo, coz, let s go kill some motherfuckers today. I want my doctor to be the guy that says, No, man. I m gonna be a doctor. And everybody in the ‘hood was like, Ain t nobody fuck with Daverel, he gonna be a doctor and shit. That s how I know I got the right doctor, cause he ll say and shit at the end of sentences. Look pissed off when I walk into the office. That s the doctor I want. Hi, Mr. Peters. Seems your nasal passage is inflamed and shit. You fill out this little bitch-ass prescription. Holler at me tomorrow, motherfucker. That s the right doctor for me. I don t want my doctor to be some bratty Indian kid who grew up in Mississauga. When he s doing an operation, he just goes, Fuck this shit. I wanna play guitar. Then the black guy has to run in, Don t worry, dog. I got this. It s gonna hurt and shit. I never had to worry about doing anything great with my life. I didn t. I didn t have that pressure. I didn t have that Indian pressure that a lot of Indian kids have. Do something great. My parents knew I was an idiot. From a very young age, my parents were like, Oh, man. I was a terrible student. I hated school. I never had to work, my parents.. My parents never had careers. They never had professions. They just had jobs. There are no professionals in my family on either side. Just a bunch of dummies. You know what I mean? But regular hard-working people. Just regular jobs. My mom worked in Kmart. Not.. Not in head office, in the store. My dad worked.. I never really understood. You ask my dad what he did. What do you do?  I work.  Where?  At my job.  What do you do?  Job-related work. I never understood what my dad did. I was five, my dad was going to work, I stopped him and I go: Dad, where are you going? He goes, Work. I go, What do you do?  I work at a chicken plant. And then he left. You can t tell a five-year-old that you work at a chicken plant and then walk out of the house. I m five years old. I can t comprehend what a chicken plant is. I know what I chicken is, and I know what a plant is. For the next 7 years, I told people that my dad planted chickens. It wasn t till I was 12, I was like, Dad.. He was going to work, I go, Dad, what exactly do you do? He goes: I check to see if the chickens are good or not. And then he left. And I still didn t know what that meant. I literally picture my dad standing around, going, Good chicken. Good chicken. Stop the line. Bad chicken. I don t know what he did to the bad chicken. I wanna talk to you for a minute. Come here. Come here. Listen, you need to get your shit together. Okay? Start clucking like the rest of them. Don t be such a cock. Never had to worry about school. I mean, I did, because I was in it. But.. But my parents gave up. They gave up early. They knew.. They would literally beg me. They ll be like, Son, please, just try and get 50. It s a pass. Just get 50. I m not bragging, and.. Nor am I glorifying this. But.. Um, this is an actual mark I got in grade nine typing. Typing. All right? It was 1984. Don t judge me. There were no computers yet. It was actual typewriters. Um, my typing.. My final mark was 13 percent. Even my dad was like, Son… Son, you ve hit a new low. Do you realize you get 25 percent just for signing your name correctly? What fucking name did you put?! They gave up when I was a teenager. They did. My only rule when I d leave the house was.. I m like, Dad, I m going to the mall.  Okay. Son, oh, don t die. That was it. That was their only rule. Don t die. We ve already failed enough. We don t need the ultimate failure. Well, don t die while I m alive. After I die, die as many times as you want. But… while I m here, don t die. Never had to worry about a career or a job. Well, a job, yes, just not a profession. When I was 16, my dad comes to me and goes: Son, one day, you won t be in school anymore. And I was like, I m gonna graduate?  No, son. Focus, son. Focus. Focus. Come on. That s never going to happen. Okay? When you re not in school, you re going to need to get a job. I was like, Of course, I m going to get a job. I m not a freeloader. And if you know anybody hiring, let me know. He goes, Well, the airport is hiring. Here s how dumb I was. My dad said the airport was hiring and I was like, Oh, my God. My dad wants me to be a pilot. I was like, You want me to be a pilot?  Oh, my God. Son, no. Oh, my God, no. Oh, my God. Oh, Mylanta. No, no, no. Oh, my God. Son, you are far too stupid for that job. People s lives are at stake.  What the hell am I gonna do at the airport? My dad goes, Baggage handler.  What the hell is a baggage handler? My dad sells the shit out of it to me. A baggage handler? Son, let me tell you something, okay? These people are an integral part of millions of people s travel plans throughout the year. I was like, Damn. Well, what does their job entail?  Basically, baggage handler s job is, you take the baggage and you put it on the plane.  What do I do?  You take the baggage and you put it on the plane.  I ‘putted on the plane?  You put it on the plane.  I ‘putted ?  You put it.  Like… ‘put ?  Like ‘put.  Like:  Don t be stupid. Okay? That s ‘putting. Focus, son. Focus. Focus. I said, Dad, I wanna be a break-dancer.  Son, son, you can dance on your break. Anything Indian people can do, I can t. I m impressed whenever you do something intelligent. Like computers. I m shit on a computer. Are you good on a computer, Edward? You re Chinese. You d better be good on a computer. You re making them all day. The least you can do is be good on them. Do you work with a computer for a living? Yeah. So, you.. Yeah. -What do you prefer, a PC or a Mac? -I prefer a PC. PC. Yeah. That s how you know you re good on a computer. People don t believe I m not good on a computer. You re Indian. You re supposed to be good on a computer. An Indian guy saying he s not good on a computer is like a black guy going, I ain t got no rhythm. PC, that s the.. That s the showoff. You know that s the.. I know how to get on a computer and avoid diseases. I use a Mac, because Macs are stupid-people friendly. I am a stupid people. The real reason I use a Mac is cause I go to a lot of questionable websites. But what I m trying to tell you is… if you re gonna surf porn, surf porn on a Mac. Surfing porn on a Mac is like having sex with a condom on. You re like, I don t care what she has. I m not gonna get anything. Surfing porn on a PC is like raw-dogging a hooker, you know? You re just, Oh, my God! It feels good, but I m scared. I m so scared! Oh, my God! It burns when I download. You know, the worst day in my life is when I have a problem with my laptop and I have to call the 1-800 number on the back of it. I don t care they ve outsourced the call to India. That makes me happy. The part that bothers me is that that guy in India knows who I am. I m having a problem with my laptop.  Okay, sir. And your good name?  Sorry?  Your good name.  My good name? What is that? My password? You want my password?  No, sir.Your good name. Your good name?  What the fuck is my good name?  Your surname, family name?  Oh. Why didn t you say so? Peters.  Okay. And your first name?  What s that?  Your first name.  I don t have a forest name. Enchanted? If I was in the forest, my name would be ‘Lost. What are you asking me now?  No, sir. Your first name?  What the fuck is my forest name? What is that? Slow it down, buddy.  First name.  That s the same fucking thing!  Sir, the name you use on a daily basis.  Oh, heh, sorry, man. Russell.  Okay. No way! Is it really you? I m all proud. I m like, Yes, it is. He goes, Well, well, well. All those jokes you made, huh? Now who needs help, huh? Okay, bastard. Here s what we re going to do. I m going to mirror your computer.  What?  Mirror your computer.  Mirror my computer? What does that mean?  I m going to gain full access to your laptop remotely.  Really? How do you..? Then I see the mouse moving around on my screen. What the hell happened?  I have gained full access to your laptop. Let s go through your history.  Let s not go through my history. How about that? Let s…  Well, well, well. Heh. Lusty grandmas.  It was a pop-up.  I m sure they popped up just fine, huh? Seems to pop-up three, four times a day. How you doing, sir? You good? What s your name? -Vince. -Vince. -Italian? -Yep. I could tell by the way you said Vince.  Hey, Vince. Always got to sound like I m doing some illegal shit. I love talking to Italian guys. They fuck the air when you talk to them. Ever see that? Bro, where you been?  I m on the 400. I m going north.  Not the 400. 401. You don t need to go this way. You need to go that way. Is that your lovely wife? Hi, lovely wife. How are you? -How long you guys been together? -Twenty-one years. Twenty-one years. That s great. That s good. Kids? Not you two. I mean, do you have kids? -Yeah. -Yeah. -One girl. -One girl. How old? -Thirteen. -Thirteen. Nice. You waited. That s nice. Thought you d enjoy each other for a few years, and then: Send one home. You know? She bent over in the kitchen, and you were on the phone giving directions. Vince, I just need to get this pot.  What are you doing?  Oh, my God! I m pregnant. One girl. That s all you wanted, right? One kid? You.. I got one. I got a daughter, as well. I like her. She s, um.. One s all you need. I m not.. I don t want more than one kid. I m not fucking collecting them. You know what I mean? They re not going up in value, you know? So, one and done for me. I think the real reason, like, I never wanted more kids is because… I know me, and I know what an idiot I am. And I m one of those people who gets dazzled by new things. So, I don t want my daughter to be, like, the object of everything in my life, then a new kid comes along, Beat it, kid. Look at this one. She s like, I thought you loved me?  I do. Look at this new one. It s so much better. I know what an idiot I am. So, this is just gonna be the one and done. -You spoil her? -Yeah. Oh, yeah. How old are you, Vince? -Forty-six. -Forty-six. We re the same age. You know what I mean? Yeah. No problem. Forty-six. And you had immigrant parents, Vince? Yeah. From Italy? Yeah. You know what I m talking about. Immigrant parents, they don t play. Immigrant parents don t give you idle threats. If they tell you to do something, they fucking mean do that. There s no negotiating. You don t talk back to your parents. You re Italian. You d get a schiaffo right on your head. Right? Let me tell you what happened. My daughter was in her bedroom, laying on her bed, and I.. And I burst into her room, right? First, she s five. She s not gonna be doing anything weird. Uh… Second of all, it s my house, I ll burst into whatever room I want. So, I.. My daughter s lying on her bed with her iPad watching Frozen. You know? As children do. And so, I burst in and I m like, Baby! And I guess it startled her, but she didn t react like a 5-year-old. Aah! She reacted like a woman. She got angry. Not like a little kid. She became a woman instantly. And then I was like, Baby! And she went.. Shh! Without using any words, my daughter went, Motherfucker! Do you not see what I m doing?! And if your kid ever calls you a motherfucker, you can t get mad. Because, yeah. You are, Vince. If you weren t a motherfucker, they wouldn t be here. If there s any kids in here, I want you to try calling your dad a motherfucker. Um, you look young, buddy. So, try it. But you can t do it when you re angry. You gotta do it when everything s calm, you know? Like, you can be at the dinner table. Ma, this pot roast is fantastic. Hey, motherfucker, can you pass the peas?  Sure. What the.. What happened? But she got so mad, and just immediately was just.. Shh! And I just thought it was hilarious. I started laughing immediately. Now, I don t know if that s because I m a comedian. Or if I m just a shit parent. But my little daughter went: Shh! And I thought it was the funniest thing in the world. And the more I laughed, the angrier she got, like a real woman. And the angrier she got, the more I laughed. Until it was just like, Daddy! Stop it! And I m like, I can t! And then I thought about it. I can t picture.. I can t even imagine one single time in my life, let alone at 5, that I could have ever said, shh, to my parents. Sitting in the living room, watching TV, and my dad walks in, Russell. Shh. You don t shush me! I ll throw that TV at you! This was 1975 when TVs weighed 1800 pounds, when it was more than just a TV. It was a TV, it was a speaker system, it was a shelving unit. It had a turntable on the top with a cassette deck and an 8-track player. It had a shitty doily that ran across the top. It had a vase with plastic flowers in it for no reason. Remember the plastic flowers? They were huge in the Indian world. Indian community. Plastic? Wait, wait. So, we just buy the one flower, one time, and you don t have to replenish it. Genius. Absolute genius. Remember those plastic flowers that were like this long, and they were on a wire, plastic? My dad was so cheap, he bought one, he bought a vase that was only this big, so we had to bend the wire. So, now, you have, like, half a flower and half a wire sticking out. And nobody ever dusted them or cleaned them, so they were never the color they were. People would walk by, ooh.. Oh, red. Nice. Nice. Think about how angry your parents were all the time. They were mad. Always. I don t know why they were so mad. They weren t mad at you. Just mad. Our parents had no problem disappointing us, did they? I ll do whatever it takes to not disappoint my daughter. If I tell them I m gonna do something, I ll do that plus something else. You know, because we re idiots. Because we grew up wanting things. I never had more than I needed. I never did without. I mean, but I never had extra shit. Like, I would get the one pair of shoes every year in September for school, and it was like, Son, you re getting one new pair of sneakers. I m like, Yes.  Let s go see what BiWay has. I have a coupon. I, too, am getting a pair. I would get one toy a year. One toy. On my birthday. It was.. It was such a bullshit deal, though. My birthday would come, my dad would be like, Let s go to the toy store. And we d go to the toy store, and my dad would be like, You can have anything in this bucket right here.  Everything s broken in that. This gun is in two pieces.  Why don t you look at it as two guns? The glass is half full. So, when you grow up like that, when you want things, and you get a little money, you do it. I got a little bit of money. I start buying everything I wanted, then I spoil my daughter. I buy her shit she doesn t know she wants. I buy it cause I would have wanted it. Not wanting to disappoint your child can backfire on you. Let me tell you what happened. Couple years ago, I moved into this new house. I was building.. Not building.. I had a really nice bedroom for my daughter. I do have. Not had. I didn t lose the shit. I, uh.. And I wanted to get a really cool bed. And I was like, Baby, I wanna get you a really fun bed. And she s like, I want a fun bed. She was three at the time. And then I go, Come on. Come here. Sit with me. And we ll look at beds online. She goes, Okay. So, I pull up my laptop, and I go to Google. I put safe search on cause I m not an idiot. You know, I don t need dicks flying up when I m trying to look at stuff. Put safe search on, and then I type in cool beds for little girls. And all these cool beds showed up online. It was like.. This shit I d never.. I didn t even dream about seeing. And then.. And she goes, Daddy, I want a castle bed. And I m like, I want a castle bed, too. I mean, for you. So, we find this castle bed. It s amazing. It s a queen-sized bed on the bottom. Full queen-sized bed. And then, it s got stairs that lead upstairs to a double bed. And it has a steeple like a castle. And then it has a slide that comes around the other side. My daughter s like, I want that one! And I go, I want you to have that one, too. And we re high-fiving. Yay! Yay! Is it gonna be here tomorrow?  Wait, let me first buy it. So, I m like add to cart. Yes. Check out. Yes. And she s like, Will it be here?  Hold on. Let me just hit ‘purchase.  Purchase. $10,000. And I m like, Fuck me! And my daughter s like, What?  No, no, no! And I had to buy it, she was sitting right there. And I got her all excited about it. I bought a $10,000 bed for a 3-year-old. And this little bitch hasn t slept in it once! Two fucking years, and she hasn t slept in the goddamn bed! She has a queen-sized bed… from the age of 3. I never had a queen-sized bed till I was 30. And that was because that s when I moved out of my parents house. I know.. You guys go, Thirty? I m like, For an Indian guy, that s pretty young. I was.. I was 30 when I moved out and.. My brother was 36. He was.. He goes, Where are you going?  Moving out.  I better go with you. I don t wanna look like a loser.  It s too late. You re 36. It s.. -You have kids, sir? -Yes. -How many? -Two. Two. Are those them? -Those your kids? Are they..? -No. No? Okay. I just.. I saw two more white people. I figured they might be yours. -What do you have? -A daughter and a son. A daughter and son. Who s older, daughter or son? -Daughter. -Daughter. Which one do you like better? Both? Wait. Wait. Listen to the question, sir. What s your name? -Greg. -Okay, Greg. When I ask which one do you like better, I m not asking you which one you love more. I don t think you love either of them more than the other. Correct? -Yes. -You love them both equally. You don t want anything bad to happen to either of them, but you like one better. It s.. It s human nature, Greg. Listen, liking one of your children more than the other is literally the difference between running and walking. Let me explain. You re in the living room, you re watching TV, and all of a sudden, you hear somebody fall down the stairs. Oh, my God. Who was that?  It s me.  Oh, my God! Right? Okay. You re in the living room, watching TV. All of a sudden, you hear: Oh, my God! Who was that?  It s me.  Oh, for fuck sakes. You re.. You re still gonna go… but which one are you running for? Probably the girl, huh? -There you go. -How old are they? -My daughter s 14. My son is 28. -Your daughter s 14. Your son s 28. Wait, I thought you said your son was younger? Oh, he s older. So, that s the baby, always. It s the little girl, right? Yeah, that s the way we work. -What s your name, buddy? -Omar. Omar. Where s your family from? Egypt. Oh, shit, that s sphinx. Um… Nope. That joke flew right past him. I like that. I waited for a second, but it didn t go anywhere. -And is that your girlfriend, your wife? -My wife. Your wife? And she s not Egyptian, right? Are you okay, sweetheart? Are you..? Are you a hostage? Blink if you need help. You grew up in Poland. When did you move to Canada? -In 82. - 82. So, when you grew up in Poland, were you learning..? Were they speaking Russian back then? -I had to take Russian. -You had to take Russian. -So, you speak Russian or understand it? -Yeah. A little bit. Yeah. I just learned how to say how are you? in Russian. Do you know how to say how are you? in Russian, Vince? Cock dealer. I swear. This Russian guy walked up to me. He goes, Hey, kak dela? I go, Hey, hey, hey, man. I don t give a shit if you re a blackjack dealer, all right? Don t come around here offering me all that. When you find vag dealer, send her over. I like listening to people speak Russian. You ever heard people speak Russian? It s amazing. They sound like they re talking backwards. Vladimir… Blyad. That s a real swear word in Russian, blyad. It s like they didn t have a swear word and some guy drank too much vodka. Boris, how do you feel? He feels blyad. Are there any Russian people here? All right. Where are you? -You Russian, bro? -Yeah, bro. -What s your name? -Anand. What? Anand? Omar? Jamaal? Where are you from, Anand? My parents are from Uzbekistan. Your parents are from Uzbekistan. Oh, yeah, that makes more sense. Yeah. There s.. Okay. So, yeah, you re speaking Russian. Speak Russian? -Yeah. -Nice. Maybe you can clear this up for me. Um… Uh, last summer, I had to do some plumbing work on my house in Los Angeles, and I hired these two Russian plumbers. Great guys. Let me just say this. They were great guys. They were reasonably priced. They were on time. They were tidy. They did good work. They never gave me any problems. They were respectful. But… every day when they would come to work, they would call me by my last name and then giggle like little kids. Good morning, Mr. Peter. I m like, It s Peters. Mr. Peters.  Okay, Peter.  Why don t you call me Russell?  Okay. Russell Peter. I m like, What are they laughing at? So, I called one of my Russian friends. Like, Yo, these guys come to the house, they call me by my last name and giggle. He goes, What are they saying?  Mr. Peter. Then he s like: That s messed up, man. I go, Why?  Your last name. In Russian, it means ‘faggot.  Like, do you mean gay?  No.  Homosexual?  No. Faggot.  Mr. Peter… seems your pipes are blocked.  Nice castle bed, Peter. I m.. I m what they call a sleeper. I, uh… I m lazy is what I m trying to tell you. I love sleep. Like, I genuinely.. If I can get 14 hours a day, I m good. I might have been a koala in my last life or something, you know? But… I just love sleep. I ve been doing stand-up for 27 years, not because.. I do love what I do. Don t get it wrong. But I didn t get into this because I was like: Oh, I m gonna be looking.. One day, I ll be something. No. I got into this because in 1989, I was standing around with my friends, and I was like, Yo, I wanna get a job where I could sleep all day… and then work for, I don t know, like, an hour. And my friend goes, Comedian. I m like, I ll take it.  You don t know how.  I ll figure it out. This isn t talent. This is determination… for sleep. I love sleep. And when we re sleeping with you, ladies.. And I mean sleeping with you. Just sleeping. ..you need to know that your man respects your sleep, because a man.. I mean, when I m sleeping and my girlfriend s beside me, I will do whatever it takes to not disturb her sleep. And I would hope she would do the same. But I will do whatever it takes to not ruin her sleep. Obviously, there s those times when you roll over in the middle of the night. You know, it s.. We ll do that until we ve.. Get off me! I m like, Oh, my God! Sorry. Oh, my God. Thank God you woke me up. I was having a nightmare. I… But other than that… we ll do whatever it takes to not disturb your sleep. When we re sleeping with you, ladies.. And I know this.. For me, especially. When my girlfriend s asleep beside me, I ll do whatever it takes to not disturb her. And more often than not, now, especially after 40, like, 3:30 in the morning, I ll get waken up cause I have to pee, and then I m like, You know what? Look at her, all pretty and sleepy and… I don t wanna disturb her, so I m gonna risk a bladder infection. And then I go back to sleep. Right? And then about ten minutes into my sleep, I start dreaming about peeing. That s your body going, Hey, didn t I try to tell you something a minute ago? The minute you start dreaming about peeing, you have to get up and do it, cause your body s like, Nah, uh-uh. We re not playing this game. And when I finally agree that I m gonna go to the bathroom, I become the most stealth-like ninja human being you ve ever seen in your life. I start edging towards my side of the bed. And while I m doing that, I m pushing up the blanket right behind her, you know? So, that way it feel like I m still there. Then when I get to the edge of the bed, I literally pour myself out of the bed. Then I get up. When you go to the bathroom in the middle of the night, guys, you have to make an announcement. It doesn t have to be loud. It doesn t have to disturb anybody, but you have to say, I just gotta pee. Because if she wakes up and you re not there, she immediately assumes you re sleeping with somebody else. It s a safety thing. It s an insurance policy. She doesn t have to react to it. She doesn t have to move. You just have to say, I just gotta pee. And she s dreaming. She s asleep. She s dreaming about playing tennis. I just gotta pee. Made my announcement. Ready to go to the bathroom. I know where the squeaks are in the floor, so I avoid them. I tiptoe the whole way. When you get to the bathroom door, guys, this is very important. You have to grip the handle firmly, very firmly. And I open it so slowly. I turn the knob so slow that you could literally hear the spring inside recoiling. Like coil by coil. And you re like, Shut the fuck up, door. But you re the only one that can hear it. And then when you get it unlocked, you have to open it swiftly. You have to push it open quick. You can t do it slow, in case it goes: Right? So, you gotta.. And then… Then I reach around on the inside and I grab the handle, and then I close the door slowly, and then: Now I m able to go to the toilet. Now, when you get to the toilet, guys, this is very important. You have to pee… to the inside of the bowl. Because you don t wanna make.. There s no sense you going through all the tiptoeing and the…and she just.. You just hear: You gotta.. You gotta.. You pee to the side of the bowl. You don t wanna break water. So, you pee to the inside of the bowl so the pee just cascades into the water, and there s no noise. And then when I m done, I take the seat and the lid and I close it. And then I flush, because I m trying to mute the noise as much as possible. And then I stand there and I wait until the tank refills. Then, and only then, do I head back to the bedroom. I don t wash my hands. First of all, I took a shower right before I went to bed. Second of all, it s my dick. It wasn t dragging through mud. Literally, a minute ago, it was asleep on my balls. Just.. And just so you know, ladies, nine times out of ten, when a guy goes to the bathroom, we don t even use our hands. We pee like Superman. Just.. So, then I tiptoe my way back to bed, and then when I get to the mattress, I put my shoulder on it first. You gotta put your shoulder on the bed. And then I put one leg up, right? So, I got an even distribution of weight on the bed now, right? And then I just do this little jujitsu kind of roll. I just.. I kind of roll my whole body and then I roll onto the bed, and then: And, bam, my arm ends up right around her. And she has no clue that I left and went to the bathroom. And we do it that way, ladies, because men respect a woman s sleep. Now… when a woman has to go to the bathroom in the middle of the night, she doesn t give a shit if you haven t slept in four years. If she gets woken up out of her sleep, it s everybody s problem. They don t wake up and think, I have to pee. They wake up and go, Oh, my God! I gotta pee! And then she hurls the blankets. Hurls the blankets off of her so violently that they come right off of me and I m like, I m freezing right now. And this beautiful, petite, little woman leaps out of bed like a cat, but lands like a hippopotamus, just… She goes and finds her tap shoes cause she wants to make extra noise. Then she gets to the bathroom, the door handle slips out of her hand. Slams the door, whack! Gets into the toilet. Goes to lift seat, it slips out of her fingers, whack! Loudest noise in the world. Then she sits down to pee. Ladies, when you sit down to pee, why can t you just sit down and pee? Why do you have to sit down and go:? And you ever heard a woman peeing? It s the loudest thing you ll ever hear. What are you, cutting concrete in there? And then when she s done, she goes to flush, but does half a flush. And now you ve gotta sit through two flushes. And.. Then she goes to wash her hands and she knocks over a glass, and then.. Now she s done. And she storms back to the bedroom. Storms back to the bedroom. And she slams that bathroom door behind her so hard that it doesn t catch, it just bounces back open. And this asshole left a light on in there. So, now there s a beam of light entering the bedroom. And she s stomping her elephant ass back. She s 110 pounds. I don t know where all this weight s coming from. Instead of getting back in the bed like a normal human being? No. She turns into fucking Hulk Hogan when she s coming back to bed. I m coming back to bed, brother. And she.. And she slams herself on the bed so hard that my entire body bounces up. And then I go, Hey, is everything okay?  Oh, my God. Did I wake you? Yeah, bitch. You woke everybody on the northern hemisphere up. How you doing, buddy? -What is your name anyway? -Kevin. Kevin. Oh, yeah. Kevin and Edward, the Chinese guys. Good solid Chinese names. What style of Asian are you, sir? -Me? -Yeah. -Filipino. -Filipino. Nice. That s good. It s not a pep rally for the Filipinos, it s just.. I was just in the Philippines. Have you been? -I have. -Yeah. I didn t know that Indian people in the Philippines are such villains. Do you know this? In the Philippines, Indian.. They ve vilified Indians so bad. Like, you.. They literally use Indian people as a threat to get their kids to go to sleep. They would be like, If you don t go to bed, the bumbais will come in the nighttime. And your blood will run down the streets. How did we get such a shitty reputation over there? I see white people, but I don t see real proper Canadian white people. You know that I mean? Where are the cakers? Where are you? Sir? Yeah. Look. Yeah. There you go. Yeah. That s.. There we go. Good. I miss you, guys. I love when I come back home. I ve been gone for ten years. And it s so weird, because when you grow up.. You re born and raised here, and you don t notice things about it until you leave. And I never really noticed the Canadian accent until I left. Now, when I come home, that s all I fucking hear. And if you really think about the Canadian accent, it sounds smart and dumb at the exact same time, doesn t it? Oh, Christ. Look at you, eh?  Oh, yeah.  Oh, yeah. Are you back in town?  No, it s a fucking hologram you re looking at, asshole.  Oh, no doubt, eh? No doubt. No doubt, eh?  Oh, fuck, yeah. No doubt.  No, fucking doubt. Oh! White people talk till they have no breath. Fuckers, don t, don t! No!  No doubt, eh? Fuck. So, you re gonna tape the new special, are you?  Oh, yeah. Right on. Right on. I know you probably don t hear it, even when I m doing it. Like, He sounds normal to me. But you really gotta pay attention. Listen to a hockey player in an interview. They always say and sound the exact same way. Oh, yeah, yeah. No. We got out there tonight and, uh, you know, coach says we need to play more as a team and, you know, push the puck around and look for openings and see the guys out there and, you know, pretty much have a good game of hockey.  No doubt. No doubt. Oh, yeah.  No fucking doubt, eh?  Oh, heh, yeah. You were born in Canada. Right, sir? Hello? Is your..? Were your parents from Canada, too? -Yes. -Yes. That s the real Canadian. That s.. That s some shit. You should be like, Yes! We live in a weird time. You realize that? We live in a time where.. Like in.. Especially in the U.S., with their whole election shit going on. They ve made a big deal out of race this year. Which is weird. When Obama was in it, they didn t mention race once. They were like, There s a black guy here. Everybody keep their shit quiet. Black dude. Are you a black guy right there? You might be a dark-ass Indian guy. I don t know. I m asking you. Are you a black guy? Hello? Does the mike not reach that way? Can you not…? You re a black guy? -Black and Indian guy. -Black and Indian guy? Okay. Well, you got the best of both worlds. You can run fast and spell great, so, um… That s a black guy right there. Black dude. You re a black guy? You know that? I don t think I need to… -How old are you anyway? -I m 39. Thirty-nine. See, you have to ask a black person their age. You always have to ask, cause you can never guess a black person s age. You will be wrong 100 percent of the time. ‘Cause here s the thing with black people. They stop aging at some point. Their body goes, Fuck it. This is as old as I m gonna look. But their insides keep aging, you know? That s how you can tell a black person s age. Ask them. You hear it in their voice. Their voice gets older. And then their points of reference start to get really obscure. What are you, like 40?  Uh-uh. Baby. I ain t been 40 in about 45 years. Shit. I know. That s right. That make me wanna jitterbug. Why the black community and the police have a hard time, cause the cops could never describe a black man properly. Well, the suspect is a black male between the age of 18 and 97. Everything is race-based. You know? And that s fine for me. I made a living out of it. But… when it hits the political side.. You got Donald Trump saying crazy shit like: No more immigrants. I m gonna stop immigration. I m like, Donald Trump, if you stop immigration, how are you gonna get another wife? Two out of his three wives have been immigrants. Two out of three. You know, when people say immigrant, they just picture this room. They picture non-white people. You hear immigrant, you picture brown, black, Asian. Brown, black, Asian. That s all you picture. Reassess that. Start picturing white people. Look at Greg. He looks like a regular white guy, but has an accent. You didn t see that coming. You need to start picturing white people with your immigrants, because they look like regular white people. What s your name? Hello. No, the white guy behind you, Asian guy. The Asian guy s like, Me? My name is, uh… not white guy. -Dan. -Dan. Dan, you need to start picturing white immigrants, cause they look just like you. They look like regular white people, but then they open their mouth and no English. Nothing. You can always tell by looking at them, though. Regular white Canadian or white Americans, they always look bored. It s in the body language. They always look like: Like nothing impresses them, you know? But white immigrants, you look at their body language. Electricity. I can go bathroom indoors? Who s going to clean the bucket? The good thing about my job is I get to travel around the world and see all kinds of things. I ve seen the whole world. Is that your mom with you, Dan? Hi, Mom. How are you? How old are you, Mom? Old enough to know better. Old enough to know better. And old enough to start to forget, but.. Um… Uh… Ahem. But.. Everyone s like, Russell! Hey, man, she started it. Um… I m really immature, Ma, I apologize. Have you..? You re obviously retired, I would hope. Um, do you travel at all? Have you gone around the world at all? -No. -No, you gotta do it. You gotta go. Take Dan with you so he could fucking stare at things. I m fucking with you, Dan. Sorry, buddy. Let me tell you something. I ve been doing this 27 years. Born and raised in Canada. I ve been in the U.S. for ten years. I ve seen the entire world a few times now. It s round. I don t know.. I don t know how old you are. I don t know what you were taught, but it s round now. It s confirmed. Confirmed. And, um… It s a wonderful world we live in. It s a great place. And you gotta go and see it. You know? Like, white people need to travel more. I think that s an issue, you know? By travel more, I don t mean go to.. When I m in the States and I ask: You travel?  Yeah. All over.  Where do you go?  Florida, New York, Seattle. I m like, That s not fucking traveling. That s going in the country you live in. Indian people try the same. Do you travel?  Oh, I travel all the time. I go to India and back and… That s not traveling. If you re Indian and you go to India, that s not traveling. That s going back to where the fuck you came from. I remember when I was a kid. When my family was going to India, it was the most hush-hush operation. My dad would give me two days notice. In two days, we re going to India. Don t tell anybody.  Why not?  They ll want us to take a suitcase. Having traveled the whole world, this whole beautiful world of ours, and seeing everything from his people to.. I haven t gone to Egypt yet, I m waiting for you guys to sort your shit out. Um… Been to China, been to Hong Kong, been to Macao, been to the Philippines. Been everywhere. Been to South Africa. Not been to Italy.. Once, you know. Had an itchy dick. The guy thought I was talking to him. Hey, hey, hey. Having traveled the whole world, let me tell you this. I realized something. I can only live in North America. And whether it s Canada or the U.S., doesn t bother me. As long as I m in this continent, I m good. But if they were like, You can no longer live in North America. You must leave immediately, the only other place I would consider living would be Bombay, India. And… I love Bombay. It s one of my favorite places in the entire world. The reason I love Bombay is because I love New York, and Bombay reminds me of New York, but with less Indian people in Bombay. You gotta go to India, Mom. You ve gotta go to India. Trust me. Before it s all over, go to India. I ll tell you why you gotta go. Because the five senses that you were born with have never been fully utilized… …until you go to India. And going to Brampton doesn t count. I mean, India. You go to India, you ll experience sight, sound and smell in less than one minute. You ll just be standing here.. Did a sheep just fart and drive a train past me? What the hell was that? You gotta go. You gotta go to India. Let s just say you go, right? So, you go to Bombay. I ll warn you in advance. There s a lot of people there. A shit ton of people. It s not dangerous, so you don t have to worry. Say you get there and get freaked out, you re like, I m staying in my room. It s worth going there to just sit in your hotel room and watch the news. Watching the news in India is the best thing you ve ever seen in your life. They have the craziest news you ve ever seen in your life. Like, if any one of those things that happens in India on a daily basis happened in America just once, America would shut down. Let s be honest. America loves to panic. That s how they control the American people. They feed them with all these lies and propaganda. That s how the media controls the American people. That s how they think. Well, you better not leave America cause look what they re doing over there. Real crazy. They do. That s how they control the people, with the media. And you don t believe me? Remember a couple years ago? Ebola. Remember that? Ebola s here! We re all gonna die! I m like, Oh, my God! How many people have it?  One guy. But he s black and he s fast. We can t catch him. Whenever anything bad happens in America, they have these overly dramatic newscasts. It s a sad day for America. And an even worse day… for Americans. We ll be right back after these messages. Then they cut to my favorite commercial. I m Wilford Brimley. When I first found out about my diabetes… I knew it d be a problem cause I can t pronounce ‘diabetes.  You watch the news in India. They deliver the worst news you ve ever heard in your life so casually. Today, 743 people are dead… as a bicycle collided with a goat. Funeral services for the goat will be held this weekend… followed by a delicious goat curry. Thank you very much, guys. You were awesome. Good night. What up, JusReign!

NIKKI GLASER@PERFECT@2016@* * Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh * * Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh * * I cannot touch that thing * It is not mine * I do not take, I do not take * * No matter how you shine * I cannot take a gift * That isn t true * * I love myself, I love myself * * Too much to love you. Thank you, guys. Thank you, thank you. New York, thank you. Stop it. Stop it. How are you guys? Yeah, I am whoo too. I m feeling whoo. I… it s so good to be here. I am in the prime of my life. I m in my late 20s. I m 31, and it s just… It s going great. I… that s a woman s age. Like, I am a woman, but I don t feel like one most of the time. I m still feeling like a girl a lot of times. Like, I m still relating to Taylor Swift songs on a level I definitely shouldn t, you know? But, like, my back hurts a lot, so I m like, Oh, that s right, I can t shake it off. Like, I wish… I wish I could. I m on Snapchat, you know? But, like, I Google bunion surgery every day, so looking into that. It s weird, like, I feel confident most of the time, but there are times when I m like, Ugh. Like, the other day, I got jealous of a dog s thigh gap. I m not proud of that. Just like, How does she do it?  I have to switch to kibble. I just got to do it. Bitch. But I m just, like, not where I should be, I feel, as a 31-year-old. I don t want a lot of things that girls my age want. I don t want kids. I do want a baby, though, so it s like, ugh, you know? ‘Cause that s… They become that, and so… Yeah, I do want a baby, but, like, I feel like most women want babies, and that s maybe why so many of us exist, cause babies are so cute, everyone wants one. They re like the puppies of humans, I ve heard. I think a scientist said that once, and, you know, it s like… And that s all you hear women say when they re gonna have kids. They re like, Oh, we re trying for a baby.  Oh, we re gonna have a baby.  We just had a baby. Baby. And it s like, Yeah, I know, but, like, eventually it s just gonna be some dude named Doug. You know that, right? Like, it s just gonna be a guy. Like, it s always baby, but it s like, it s a baby this much of the time you know it, and then it s all Doug. Like, it s just a… No one s ever like, Oh, we re having a man. That s what you should say. Yeah, I don t want a Doug.  I don t, but the thing is, I do want a baby. I have baby fever. Like, I see a baby, and I m like, Ugh. My body s just like, Make one, like, I just… But again, you know, like, it ll strike you in the weirdest times. My boyfriend sent me a picture of him holding his cousin s new baby, and it was… It had to have been the hottest picture I ve ever seen of my boyfriend. I was just, like, so attracted, cause he was, like, naked and fully erect, but it was also, like… That was it. I was like, You never hold me like that, you know? Just for Caleb? Ugh. No, he was clothed. Still erect, but clothed, and… But he was just holding this baby. He just looked like a father, and I was just like, Oh. Like, it was so hot, but I was like, I ll never have that, like, cause I don t want kids. So I was like, Is there a way he could, like, fuck me holding a baby? Like, we could just, like, borrow a friend s baby for a few minutes. Like, not… don t think… It s nothing gross. Like, he would just hold it like this. It wouldn t even know. It would feel soothed and rocked, I feel like. It might fall asleep. I don t know. If it wakes up, we ll blindfold it. Like, I don t want to damage your baby either, you know? Or if you have, like, a blind baby, that would be perfect. Is this weird, you guys? Is that a weird question? I do… I like kids. I m not good with kids, though. Some people are just naturally good with kids, like Bill Cosby. Like, he was so great with kids. We forget that. He was great with kids. Women not so much, but kids, just mmm! I m not… I mean, I babysat for years, cause this family just never came home, but… That was difficult. It s hard. Babysitting is hard. It s like, Ugh. ‘Cause it s like, you re a mother, but you don t love them, so it s, like, hard to care. You know what I mean? I m just like, Your kid doesn t look like me. Like, I don t care what happens. Like, I wouldn t be mean, but I was just like, You can go watch TV. You re not gonna be president. Let s be honest with ourselves. Like, you know? I m sure your kids are different, though. I… yeah, I just feel like I m past my prime to have kids a little bit. Like, I feel like I should have done it in my teens. Like, that would have been the best time. It s like they discourage it almost exclusively, but they shouldn t. Like, when I was in high school, I was, like… I was… I m busy now, but, like, what was I doing then, you know? Like, homework? Not really. Like, I had five years to just do whatever I wanted, you know? All I did was eat cereal and watch Saved by the Bell. Like, you can have a baby through all of that. It s a great time to do it. First of all, your body bounces right back, so that s sweet. Like, when you re 16 and you have a baby at, like, 11:00 a.m., you can be at cheerleading practice at 4:00, top of the pyramid, ready to go. Maybe not the top. You re still a little leaky, but you re there. You could be there. I m sure you re suited up. Also, if I had a baby now, like, my parents couldn t help me at all. They live in St. Louis. I m in L.A. Like, it would be too hard, but if… if you re in high school and you have a kid, like, you live with your mom and dad or probably just your mom. Let s be honest. Yeah, your dad probably split a while ago, but your mom s there, you know? She s hanging out, vaping, watching Dr. Phil, something like that. Like, I feel like that s how she busies herself. She can help. She can… You could just hand the baby to her and be like, Here, Mom, try again. He s yours now. Yeah, you kind of fucked up the first time, since that s mine and I can t drive, so… Yeah, his name s Mulligan. I really feel like you can nail it this time if you just, like, focus and stop playing the lottery. That would have been a good time. I d have it over with too. If I had a baby when I was, like, 15, she d be 16 now, probably have a granddaughter on the way. Like, that would be perfect for me. I could handle life as a nana, you know? That s what I call my grandma, cause when I was little, I couldn t pronounce old bitch, so that s what I came up with, and that s… No. No, she s sweet. She wouldn t even hurt a fly, cause flies don t understand verbal abuse, so she would just, like, keep screaming at it and calling it fat, and it would keep flying. You know, they can t hear, so… No, I shouldn t do these jokes till she s dead. It s like, I can t wait a week? You know, she s very sick, but comedy comes first. That s what she always said. She never said that, but… But, yeah, I just… I might change my mind, though. I think girls change their mind about kids a lot. I got to decide kind of soon, though. If I wait too long, I m gonna do a surrogacy, cause the longer you wait as a woman, the higher the risk that, you know, you won t get your body back, and so I m just gonna put that on someone else. It s also… Like, I just found out that with a surrogacy, you can give your egg to a girl, and then it comes out of her looking like you. I didn t know… I thought it had to look like Juno or whoever. Like, I didn t know that you could just… I found this out. I m like, Why doesn t everyone do that? Like, I know it s very expensive, but, like, if you could do it, why does anyone, like, say, I want to have my own? Because to me, that s like… If someone was like, Hey, do you want me to make you a pizza? And you re like, No, I want to do it myself , but thank you. Yeah, I really want to bond with my pizza. I d be like, Really? ‘Cause I can go make it for you.  It ll taste the same as if you make it, and also your vagina won t be ruined, so are you… you sure? I m like, Please, make that. Sounds gross, but I ll eat it, but… But I do… there s some things about having your own kid that I would be like, Oh, that d be fun. Like, you can make them do stuff by telling them how long you carried them. Like, my mom used to do that to get me to clean my room. She d be like, Will you clean your room? I carried you for nine months, come on. It never really worked on me, cause I was like, Don t tell me I was in there that long. Like, I know how much you drink, and, like, I ve never seen you take a weekend off that I can remember. I doubt you went nine months when you were 25. Like, I can do the math, you know? Like, barely, cause you drank while you were pregnant with me, but… It s a struggle. I have to go to Kumon every night. Oh, we got some Kumon fans in the crowd. What is the deal with Kumon? I m so confused by that place. Okay, it s, like, a tutoring place that you re supposed to send your kids, but the sign… The logo… Is a bummed-out smiley face. It s so confusing. It literally is, like, a sad, depressed smi… It s just like, Kumon, like… I m always like, What s going on? And I m always peering in. They re like, Ah, as I get arrested, but, like, you just, like… I m always like, What s going on at Kumon? They won t let you know, but here s what I think is happening. I think it s, like, a bunch of students, like, at desks working on their stuff, and then there s just, like, tutors hanging over them just like, Kumon. Like, that s all they say, but it works. I really hope that s it. Please be it. But, yeah. So, yeah, I might do a surrogacy. It is… it is a… It would be kind of fun, because you get to hang out with this chick all day. You know, she s having your baby. Her name s Brenda or whatever you name her. You get to name your surrogate. I heard that. I think that s a thing. Brenda seems fitting. She s hanging out with you, but your loved ones are gonna want to know why. Like, Why… what s wrong? And, you know, you got to tell them a good reason. You can t just be like, Oh, I m vain, so, you know… You know that about me. Like, you can t… You have to have… Like, you could say something like, Oh, I m barren, and then bum everyone out, you know? Like, that s the worst word. And I… honestly, I don t want to say that, cause I think I might be, and I don t want to jinx it, you know, like, I… Yeah, it s a miracle I haven t been pregnant yet. Like, something… Not even a scare, you guys. Like, I m a little suspish. Like, things aren t working like they should. Like, I… I use the pill, but, like, I take the pill like people take fish oil. Like, Oh, this would be good to do today. Like, no, every day, same time. I can t remember, so I switched to the IUD. My doctor put me on the IUD, and… which I don t know if you ve heard… It s, like, the thing… You just, like, set it and forget it, and you just… you don t have to do anything. You got to put it… There s a two-year, and then there s a five-year. I went with the five-year lease, and gonna leave it in for ten, roll the dice, you know, just see what happens. Like, there s no way I m gonna remember to take it out. I m definitely gonna die with it inside me, but… That s, like, certain, you know? No, it s, like, the most painful procedure ever. Like, I had no idea. I blacked out during it, cause I was drunk, but, like, the pain was also probably a thing, and it was… It s so weird, cause then they do… They do an ultrasound to, like… Which is… I m like, This is why I m here, is to never have to put jelly on my stomach, with a doctor like, Whoa. He s doing that. He s showing me on the screen where it is. He s like, There it is. I m like, Oh, my God, it s so beautiful.  Like, oh, my God. My future is so bright. Like, that s crazy. Like, all my disposable income, it s, like, right in front of me. Like, so many naps. Like, so many naps. I had him print it up so I could give it to my mom and, like, ruin her day. That was fun. It was mean. It was not nice. She was like, No way, and I was like, No way, five years, maybe ten. IUD, I recommend it. I forgot what the name was so many times. Like, I kept saying other… There s so many acronyms in medicine. For a while I was saying… I was bragging to my friends, like, I got the new five-year UTI. Got it, yeah, . And they re like, Why are you dancing? That sounds terrible. Here s all the cranberry juice in the world. You ll need it. It s not an IED either. That s… don t do that. IUD… I remember it now, cause it s DUI backwards. That s how my mom taught me, so… But, yeah, so I m gonna… I m gonna do that. I m gonna… this is the thing with a surrogacy. If someone asks you why you re doing it, you could just make up anything. Like, no one is a doctor, right? So, like, you could just say… I mean, like, some people are, but, like, most people, not doctors. So, if they re like, Why are you doing a surrogacy? I can just be like, Oh, I m just doing one… Actually, Brenda s having my baby for me. I m glad you asked. My vagina s too small for a baby, so… I mean, it s, like, so tight in there that, like…  Well, I have TPS, which is tight pussy syndrome, as you know, as… You didn t know? Yes, it s, like… well, the word ‘pussy, ‘ it is in it. I know that seems weird. It does, but when it s this tight, it s… medically, it s called a pussy. That s true, so… And I don t usually tell people this, so could you just, like, tell everyone? That would be great. Thank you so much. Thank you. Come on, Brenda, . And she s on a leash, and we just walk off like, Bye. But you got to sell it. You got to walk like this. So tight, oh, the burden. That s my dream. I m like, Ugh, doesn t hurt. I m gonna do that. But, yeah, I don t want kids yet. I don t want to get married. It helps that my boyfriend doesn t want to marry me, so that s like… That s convenient. For a while, he was like, I don t want to get married until gay people can get married. And then I was like, They can! He was like, Yeah, I never thought that would happen, so… I was like, Oh, I thought that was weird you were protesting all those times, so… He doesn t want to get marr… I don t really c… I don t need, like, a big reception. I don t want a whole to-do. I never want to have to slow-dance with my dad in front of all of my friends. Like, that seems… Like, that s something we do alone together, and I don t want to ruin that. Like, I feel… you know? Thank you, yeah. And, like, what if the band doesn t know Ginuwine s Pony ? Are we supposed to just, like, freestyle to whatever they come up with? That seems humiliating, you know? Uh-uh. So, yeah. So, yeah. I also don t like the fact that when you get married, as a woman you just kind of give up your last name. Like, you really… it s nice to take your husband s name, but then you re like, Oh, this thing I ve had my whole life that s my whole identity that my great-grandparents came through Ellis Island with? I ll just throw it in the trash. This guy seems cool. Bye. Like, that s… What? You really, like… Your name is nothing after you get married. All it is is, like, your shithead son s bank account security question answer. That s all your name is. What? Only time it comes up, yeah. And he s got to call you, cause he doesn t even know it. Like, that s the one call you get from him a month. Mom, I m locked out of my account again. Hey, what s your old name? He calls it an old name. You re like, You mean my maiden name? He s like, Whatever.  Uh, Jones. He s like, Can you spell it? And you re like, Fucking Doug. Like, Jesus Christ.  Why couldn t you stay a baby? That is weird that that s the question that they came up with. Like, the banks were like, What worthless piece of information could we ask for that no one would ever know about this man to protect his finances? And some guy s like, What about his mother s name? And they re like, Perfect. Who gives a shit, right?  His mother s name. That s the question? That s… so is that… That seems like something people should know about you, but it s that question, then your first concert. So it s your name, and then your son s first concert are just… Your name and Limp Bizkit are just fighting for the top spot. So rude. Your name really just… You re just like, I don t really see it anymore. Sometimes women get divorced, but they keep their ex-husband s last names cause they re just like, I just don t want to go to the DMV. Like, I don t care. Like, I ll just live with this man s name I hate because I don t want to wait in line. Like, I get it. ‘Cause your name disappears. That s why I want to marry someone with my same last name, save the trouble. Not a cousin, cause they re poor, but, like, a… Like, uh… Like another Glaser. I could find one and… But if we had kids, I would still make my kids hyphenate their names just to be a dick about it. I don t know. Like, they d be like, Mom, why are we Glaser-Glaser? I m like, I don t know. I want you to sound like tiny little law firms, okay? That s… that s why. This is my son, Cooper Glaser-Glaser and Associates. His sister, Associates.  It s a strange name, yeah. But, yeah, so I m gonna do that. But we ve been together… My boyfriend and I… We ve been together, like, three years. We ve broken up, like, three times, but we always get back together, so we re gonna make it, and that s, like, really promising. No, it is. It s been good. He broke up with me once cause he kind of, like, found out I was lying about who I was in the beginning of our relationship to kind of trap him into one. I was like, I didn t know I wasn t supposed to do that. Like… but what if I don t like me? I really was, like, pretending to be this version of a girl that he would fall in love with. You know, I was just walking around like, What would Khaleesi do? Like, I just… I didn t know what… I was like, He likes that show, I think, you know? So I just, like, walked around topless, got a bunch of lizards. I didn t think it through, but… I hid a couple things. I wasn t lying about who I was. I kind of put… I feel like I put Spanx on my personality. Like, I was just, like, tucking some things in, you know? Here s a… like… I don t know. Like, he s a lot cleaner than I am. We were getting ready for bed once, and you know when you re, like, first, like, hanging out with someone and you start sleeping over, and your hygiene habits kind of meet up, and yours are just, like, not really up to snuff? But you just, like, fake it. You re just like, I always brush them this long. That s cool, yeah. Oh, you get the bottoms? That s neat. I ll try that. All right. And then my arm is going numb. He s still going. I m just like, Cool, we re still doing this? Like, I get through that. I m, like, headed out of the bathroom. He s like, You got to floss, and I was like, You got to floss. What am I doing? Okay, here we go. I m just like, just gushing blood, just like, What?  That s not… This never happens. I must have hit something. This is weird. This is the first time. Both ends are on our period. Is that not right? Okay. Don t say that. So, yeah, he s… We ve been taking showers together recently, which is, like, mmm, cause I just think he, like, wants me to shower more, so that s cool. I ll take what I can get, like… He s like, Let s get in. I m like, Whoo. He s just, like, scrubbing my back a little too much. I m like, What are you doing? And I was like, Do you want a blow job? He s like, Let s get your feet first. I m like, Okay, all right. And I was like, Do you have, like, a foot fetish? He s like, No, you have a foot fungus , and you should get this looked at. It s of concern. I m like, It doesn t scrub off. But he s, like, a clean freak. You can t compete with that. Like, he takes up to three showers a week, and it s like, We get it, Dr. Oz. Like, ugh. I don t know. I just… I am a very fast showerer. He s always like, How do you get anything done in there? And I m just like, You know what? I came from a house where we didn t shower for very long,  cause we didn t have a lot of hot water, and my dad watched us, so, you know, we just got in and out. We all know that family, so… But it s been good. I broke up with him the first time because we were a year into our relationship, and he would not say I love you. A year in, and I needed to hear it, cause my friends told me I did, so that s when you know. That s really when you know, cause I was, like, trying to be cool about it, like… cause friends talk about that. Girls are very aware of when you re not saying I love you. It s, like, first base for us. When we get together with our girlfriends, we re not like, Oh, did you finger him last night? Like, we don t care about that. Like, you know, we re just like, Did he say ‘I love you ? When s he gonna say it? And, like, I didn t have anything to tell them. I was just… just trying to play it cool. I was like, I don t need to hear it, you know?  I just… I know he does. Like, the way he, like, high-fives me after sex, like, there s no question. Like, you wouldn t just do that. They were like, Okay, well… well, does he… Does he talk about the future at all? And I was like, Yeah, you know, like, flying cars, robots , like, climate change. We re all worried, so he s no different, you know? Oh, but they were so mad, and so I went back to him. I was furious too, and I was just like, Why don t you love me? you know, like, in a super lovable tone and just, like, crying in the street, and he just didn t want to say it. He was sweet about it, cause he was very calm, and it was just like… He was honest, you know? He was just like, I can t… I can t say it, and I was like, Okay, well, let s find a good speech therapist. Like, let s get you in a program. Like, honestly, I thought this was feelings for you, but clearly it s phonics, so this is, like, such a relief. I know someone at Kumon. This is gonna be great. Come here, like… He really… he… This is what he did say. He was like… he was like, I can t say ‘I love you.  I was like, You just did. I ll take it.  Thank you so much. You can stop right there. That counts, . But he was like, No. This is what he gave me. He was like, I can t say ‘I love you.  He was like, But I m enthusiastic about being with you. Thank… One girl just goes… Thank you so much. You feel me. I know. Every girl in here is like, You poor bitch. Like, oh, my God. Thank you. Every girl has that reaction, and every guy is always like, That s one of the most sincere things you could ever say. That s better than ‘I love you.  I m enthusiastic about being with you. I m like, Oh, am I Enterprise Rent-A-Car  giving you a customer survey? Would you recommend me to your friends who are more emotionally available? I ve only had, really, two serious boyfriends in my life, and the first one definitely did not say it on his own. He was a blackout drunk with a twin bed, and that second part s not really that important. I just kind of want to paint a picture. He had a twin bed. He was 30 with a twin bed, and I would be like, Can you upgrade to a full so I feel like a woman? And… that s all it takes, you know… And he was like, No, it s an extra-long twin. I was like, Ooh, a California twin, wow.  Am I Rihanna? Jesus. So he would get blackout drunk all the time. We were long-distance. He would get caught making out with girls in bars back home where I was from. My friends would see him. They d call me, tell me about it. I d call him the next day and be like, What the fuck? He was like, I thought it was you, and I m just like, Aww. Like, I was flattered. Like, Was she skinny? Like, ugh. So he was the worst. He came to visit me for Valentine s Day, and I was like, Oh, my God, he s so gonna say ‘I love you.  This is the trip, and I got ready. I told all my friends. I m like, This is it. And it was a great night. Like, we went to this fancy dinner that I paid for, and then we were, like, in this alley, and, like, I was rubbing his back as he vomited, and it was just, like, everything I d wanted, and he just got really sick and passed out, and I was like, Oh, my God. Like, he didn t say, I love you. I think he may have said, I hate you. It s like, it was the worst time, but I was like, Wait a second.  When he gets blackout drunk, he doesn t remember anything he does or says, so I ll just make last night whatever I want it to be. So this is true, I swear to God. I woke him up the next morning, and I was like, Hey, do you remember what you said to me last night? He was like, No, I m sorry, what? And I was like, No, you told me you love me. And he was like, I did? And I was like, Yeah, and he was like, Okay, and that s it. He started saying it after that. That s… I date-raped my boyfriend into loving me. That s what I did. Thank you so much. I took back the night. So I… it was, like, a pretty good plan. I couldn t use it, though, with my boyfriend now because he doesn t drink, so I was like, What am I gonna do? So this is how I got… How am I gonna get it? And this is how I got it. I decided to ask him to say I love you as he was coming, which is a great time. That s a per… Like, a guy will do anything for you in that moment. You just got to time it perfectly. I was just like, Tell me you love me. He was like, I love you. Like, it was just like, Ah, got it, you know, just the once, but I got it, you know? So that was pretty cool and… ‘Cause I thought about it. I was like, Oh, my God , guys are so vulnerable in that moment. They will do anything right before they come up until they come. Like, he… I feel like my boyfriend would, like, take a bullet to the brain for me. He would jump in front of a train for me. He would do anything in a Bruno Mars song, pretty much, is what I m saying. Like, definitely. I feel like Bruno Mars must write all his lyrics before he comes. Like, that s the only way he feels those things. And then it is a sharp drop-off after that. Right after he comes, I feel like he s… In one second, he d do anything for me, and then he s like… And then it s just like, I feel like he s like, What have I done? Like he just… He wants to pretend it didn t happen. We can t really talk about it. I m like, Tell me about my clit. He s just like, No. Like, he doesn t… I want to talk. He s off getting a towel. I m like, You can let it marinate. I don t care. Like, this is fine. He s, like, dabbing me off. I m like, Are we having company? Like, what s the rush? I m like, You know this was consensual, right? What are you doing? He s so ashamed. He tries to close me like a laptop. I m like, I m a real woman with feelings and thoughts  and a career. You can t do this. I think it s porn. I think that s what makes guys so ashamed after they come sometimes, cause they re used to just watching disgusting things. They re like, Whoa, that didn t happen. But it did. You did it, and it s like, I get it. Like, I don t mind that guys watch porn. I ve… they all watch it, and I don t care that my boyfriend watches porn. Like, I m on the road a lot, so sometimes I ll ask him to send me the porn he s about to jerk off to, and then I ll sit there and watch it, like, just knowing that he s jerking off to it. Like, I think it s, like, romantic, cause I m like… * Somewhere out there. Like we re looking at the same moon, you know? It s beautiful kind of. I m not, like, totally… Like, I don t love porn. I watch it sometimes, mainly for tips. Like, I m always looking for, like, new tricks I can try, you know? Especially when it comes to blow jobs. I m always like… I feel like I m not very good at them, so I m always like… I ll check out a blow job video on, like, the front page, like, something very mild. I ll be like, Okay, this seems cool, and I ll just take some notes. Like, What are these gals gagging about? And just like… You learn some things. You re like, Oh, okay, use both hands. I can do that. That seems cool. All right. Look terrified, all right, I ll give it a whirl. Wouldn t be the first time, you know? Be fun to revisit, okay. Choke to death, perfect, okay. That s how I m gonna go, then. Like, it s, like, violent stuff on the front page. You don t even have to dig for this stuff. Every porno is just like… It s, like, a girl just, like, dying. When did this happen? I feel like I took a break from porn, and then it s all just slobber now. It s like, these girls have so much saliva, and I m like, I don t have that much. Like, it s making me insecure. I m like, These bitches look like Saint Bernards. Like, I don t have those, like, frothy, foamy strands. I m like, Do I need an extra gland or something? Like, what? I got to be wet up here now? Like, it s just too much. I hate the way porn has made me feel throughout my life. I started watching porn when it first came out in 98, and it made me feel sad. I hadn t even kissed a boy, and I was like, I have to do that? Like, and then I didn t watch it forever, and then I checked back in on it when I, like, started being interested in, like, having sex. I was like, Maybe I ll try it, and then I was watching it, and I saw porn vaginas, and I was like, Mine doesn t look like that. Have you seen porn vaginas? They re just, like, these tiny, little… It s like, God s little whisper. It s just, like, a little suggestion. It s… it literally is… Sometimes I m like, Does that girl just have a paper cut down there? Like, is that… looks like it would hurt. Like, it s just these tiny… I haven t looked like that since I was seven, to be honest. Like, I remember. I didn t know those were my glory days. I should have just stared at it more and been like, You got it, girl. Like, that would have been amazing. I squandered my youth. But, yeah, those porn vaginas made me so sad about my own, because, man, my vagina doesn t look like that, and I hated it for a while. I just… I was, like, so furious. Every time I looked at it, I wanted to punch it. I was just like, Ugh! And it looked like it had been punched several times, so that s what s weird about that. I was like, Why make it worse? Sometimes I see it, and I m just like, Were you in a street fight earlier? Like, it just is, like… Picking gravel out. Like, Oh, God, but… Do you know what I m talk… But, like, you… Some of you have vaginas like mine, like, where you re just like… you re like… Like, it looks like it s trying to escape kind of? Like, do you know what I mean? Don t be ashamed. I have it too. It s like… it s… You could ask me, How s it hanging? Some days, and that s fine. That s… that s my body. You go to get a wax, and she has to go through it like a Rolodex. Okay, let s go. No one? Just me? Great. Great, feeling great about my body again. Thanks so much. No, I do… I feel fine about it now. When I was in college, I was, like, saving up money to get surgery, and that seems crazy, but a lot of girls do this, and now I m like, No way,  cause I was so scared. I was just like, No one s gonna see it until I can fix it, and then I got drunk, and I was like, Everyone in! Like, I was like, Look at it. Isn t that hilarious? Like, you get drunk, and you re just like… Then you have sex and no one cares. No guy has ever complained. I… like, it s… As long as it s clean and you share it with them, like, they don t care. They don t care. So now I m not touching my… It s good. It s… you know, it s not great. You know, it s like Venice. You know, it s a little hard to get to, but the canal is amazing, and that s what I focus on. It s the infrastructure. A lot of Italians have been in it. It s like, you know… So that s my vagina. Had to cover that. But, yeah, I don t know. I don t… I m not bothered by porn as much anymore. My boyfriend got me into porn, the industry. It s been pretty lucrative. It s… I m just dipping my toe in, you know, just… That s what I do. I dip my toe in girls vaginas. That s… it s very niche, very niche. You know that s a type of porn. Like, that… that s probably a very popular type of porn. There are, like, at least three guys in here who are like, I can t believe I haven t seen her yet. That s weird. Because, like, I don t know. We ve been watching porn together a little bit and… cause we finished Friday Night Lights, so that s what… that s what Netflix wanted for us and… So we ve been watching porn together, and he s… he wants to watch what I want to watch, so he s like, What are you into? and I m like, Well, if it were up to me, we would watch a ‘TMZ clip  of Zac Efron getting out of a car.  Like, that s what treats Mommy right, you know? Like, that s fine for me, but in terms of porn, like, I just… There s nothing… There s been a couple videos that I m like, Oh, I like that, but I always stumble into them. I wouldn t know how to search for it. It s too weird that… I don t even know how to describe what I like. He was like, Try me. Like, I ll find it. ‘Cause apparently he s, like, the Edward Snowden of porn. Like, he can just hack into… Like, find anything. It s very impressive watching him. He s always got, like, eight screens up all buffering at different times, so as soon as one gets boring, the next one is, like… The money shot is seconds away. Like, it s very… It s orchestrated. But he was like, Describe it. Come on, I ll find it, and I was like, Okay, of the porn I ve seen, the… the ones I like are, like, the videos where the girl, she isn t really quite into it at first, you know? She s a little bit like, ‘I don t know, ‘ you know, but then she, like, gets into it, but, like, at first, she s just, like, a little reluctant, and he was like, Oh, yeah, reluctant porn. He starts typing in reluctant. I m like, What are you doing? He s like, Reluctant porn. I m like, That s not a type. He s like, Yeah, it is, and it is. Oh, it is. It is… there s so much reluctant porn with reluctant in the titles. I mean, it s just like, Hot reluctant sluts, and I m just like, One of those words is not like the other, porn. Like, that doesn t… That one. Where did you learn that word? Have you been attending night school? Like, what? Reluctant, it s very hot. You should look it up. It s… if you want… If you don t want to, if you re a little reluctant to do so, I do… I do a pretty sick impression of reluctant porn, so here we go. So this is all reluctant porn. Ready? No, okay. Like, that s it. That s… that is it. Yeah, slight hesitation, full commitment, yes. Mostly casting couch, so check it out. But I was just, like… I was so shocked. Oh, my God, you can find any type of porn. I was like, Put in the word ‘facetious.  Like, let s just put it in. Like, let s see what we get. You know, I think I had just learned how to spell that word, so I was, like, showing off or whatever, so it s like, Put it in. And so I spelled it for him. I was like, ‘Face and then ‘tious, ‘ and then put it together, and he was like, Face tits? And I was like, I m sure that s a thing, but, no, ‘facetious.  So he put it in, and there were three videos with facetious in the title. It was crazy with three, and so… It was just a black girl named Facetious, but you know what? That counts. She s amazing. She s really good. She fucks sarcastically, so that s, like, her thing that she… Check her out. Check her out. But I ve learned a lot from porn dirty talk-wise. Not, like, physically. I just… my MO is, I kind of just lay there. Like, I m a bottom, you know? Like, I just… And I m enjoying myself. I don t want to change. Like, I like being on bottom. I m… I m not a dead fish. I just… I hate when guys call me that. I think that s rude. Dead fish? Dead fish. I m like, What? No, no, no, I m like, a fish on its way out. Like, that s… I ll give you that. Like, I m not doing great, but, like, dead? Maybe someone just needs to clean my tank, you know? Like, that s… That s what I call going down on me. Thank you so much. That s really disgusting. Please tonight, if you get gone down on, like, just say to yourself, just for me, just go, like, Yeah, you clean that fucking tank, just, like, for me. Just… it ll make you feel good. I know. I feel like I ll feel it, you know? Like, my ear will tingle. I m like, Yeah, girl s getting her tank cleaned. Clean it. Clean it. I love that. So I… if you re lazy in bed like I am, you kind of got to bring it when it comes to dirty talk, cause I m rarely, like, on top doing things that are impressive. If I m ever on top, I always do reverse cowgirl, cause you can pretend his legs are Zac Efron s a lot easier than his dumb, stupid head, so… But if you re on bottom just chilling, say some good stuff. Like, I… now I have lines to say. Before, I didn t. I would just be put on the spot, and I couldn t think of anything. He d be like, What do you want? And I d be like, To check my phone? I mean, to check your dick. And he s like, What? I m like, For crabs? I don t know, okay? I m sorry. So go in with a plan, and that s where porn comes in. You watch porn, you steal a line from that, and you use it, and I steal from Sasha Grey. She s my favorite porn actress. She s amazingly filthy. Look at you all pretending not to know who that is. That s amazing. She s awesome. She s so, like, poetically filthy, and I stole one of her, like, mild lines from one of her Disney porns… And the line was, I… oh, You own this pussy. I was like, That s great. I ll use that.  You know, I ve been looking to sell this thing off for a while anyway, so, please, someone, take it. So I said that. I decided to say that, and so we re doing it, and I m, like, gearing up, and I was just like, You… He s back there and… Just want to set the scene. He s back there, and I… and I… And by the way, I was not even doing doggy style. Like, that s… Even for me, I m like, I don t want to plank right now. Like, can we not? I m always like, Can we turn doggy into walrus?  Can we, like, make this a little bit more comfy for old Glasedog? Like, I just… Like, I don t want to… I don t want to engage my core right now, if that s cool. Thanks. So he s doing it, I m walrusing, and he… Things are going great, and out of nowhere, I was just like, You own this pussy, and he was like, What? And I was like, You heard me, and he was like, Okay. And he s, like, nervous, cause he s, like, a first-time pussy owner. Like, I think he had just rented before, apparently. It can be nerve-racking, you know? So he was like, Ah, and I was excited. I was like, Ah! And to be honest, I really thought that I would say, You own this pussy, and he would just, like, immediately finish. Like, he would just be like, I love you! Like, Ah! But it didn t happen that way. He, like, needed a lot more from me. Like, that was… It was hot, but he, like, needed me to say more things, and I didn t have anything else to say. That s all I had written on my hand, so I was just kind of like, You own this pussy. So I just started repeating myself, which works at first. You know, you re like, You own this pussy. He s like, Yeah, I do.  You own this pussy.  Yeah, I do.  You own this pussy.  Okay, uh, pretty aware of that by now. Care to expound on the situation whatsoever? And I was… I had not… So I m just like, Uh, it s in escrow. We just… We just put it in es… I don t know what that means. I m just grasping at loose real estate terminology. There s a spacious eat-in kitchen. If you just contact Janet Russo to set up a showing, 917-425… . He s like, Are you giving me my aunt s number? I m like, I don t know. She s the only real estate agent I know. I m like, Check out the mudroom. It s right above you, if you so dare. Come on, please? Anal. Anal. Oh, God, do you guys do it? I do. I love it. I don t… I mean, it s fi… It s good. You should try it. And I always feel weird saying that I ve done it, cause people, I just feel, are like, Mm, we didn t need to know that, or they re like, I would never do that. But here s the thing. I ve done research. 33% of women have done it, so, like, all of these girls. That s just, like, crazy, cause I wouldn t think you ve done it, but you have. These are facts, so that s, like, so weird, Mom. It s like, just knowing that you ve done that. I do learn a lot. I love sex facts. I love finding things out. Like, squirting is, like, such an anomaly to me. I can t do it. I ve been trying. We re trying, so thank you. Thanks, that s so sweet, you guys. He wants to get a surrogate, but, you know… No, I can t do it. I just found recently, though, that, like, squirt is, like, mostly pee. It s, like, very diluted urine, which is, like, such a relief to me cause now I get to say, Oh, I squirted the bed until fourth grade. Like, that seems a lot cooler. I m like, I was a sexy fourth grader, you know? Like, that s so cool of me. I learn a lot of things. I don t… sexuality doesn t come naturally to me. I just feel like, Blah! So, like, I had to, like, learn how to be… Like, I know that guys love it when they find out you re not wearing underwear. Like, that s super hot to them, and I just, like, always wear underwear. It s, like, my thing and… You guys get it. And… but I just, like… I ve never done… The other day, first time, no underwear the whole day, and it was… You know, just cause I shit my pants at this Starbucks, but it was like, once I ditched that thong in that bathroom, I was like, Hello. I m sexy. I was like, Anything can happen, so… I m down to try a lot of stuff. My boyfriend does some pretty kinky things. He did this recently, just during… Like, surprised me with it. Not at… not, like, in a vicious way. Like, it was a very light… He might have been checking my pulse, to be honest. I m not really sure. I was very relaxed, but it was just, like, a light one. But he didn t say anything when he did it. He just did it, and then we were just like, Hey, like, just staring at each other. You got to say something. You just can t be like, Oh. I was like, Ahh, like… And I didn t say anything, cause I couldn t, and I was like, After you. And I could tell he panic… Like, he didn t think about saying… So he was just like, I m gonna kill you. I was like, What? No! Get off! And he was like, Is that too much? I m like, Yes, it s too much. Jesus Christ. Thank you so much. Oh, my boyfriend bought me a sex swing. I did not ask for one. He surprised me with it. I got back from the road, and he, like, walked me in the bedroom and was like, Surprise, and I was like, Are you living with a handicapped woman that needs to get in and out of bed? Like, it s… It s a big apparatus with all these straps. I mean, it… It really looks like how they fed the velociraptors in Jurassic Park, like, when they lower the cows down, and then they come back up just, like, swinging straps. You guys know. That s a sex swing, I think. I m pretty sure. It s really… it s fun. It s great. I know why he got it: Because he s, like, tired of doing all the work cause I just lay there, so he s like… cause you… I just, like, plop in this thing, and then he just taps it once, and then you re just, like, fucking forever. Like, it s just perpetual motion after that. It s like the bird dipping in water of sex. It s just like… Like, you ll just fuck forever until a scientist comes and stops you. I don t know why that has to happen. But, yeah, it s pretty fun. It s more fun when he goes to work, and I just get to hang out in it all day and just spin around, pretend I m like Pink at the Grammys. I m just like, Ah. Like, I m just… It s so good. You just spin and spin. It s awesome. It s awesome… Okay, I found the box for it. He, like, hid the box and… Which was weird, cause I found the box. I m like, You know I didn t think, like, Santa put this together? Like, elves were making this? But he… I found the box, and he hadn t, like, opened the whole box, because on the box, it said, Free blindfold inside, and I was like, Yes, a sleep mask. You know, like, I love sleep masks. I love… I wear them on planes. I need them. I m a connoisseur. I leave them on planes all the time, though, and so this one I ve been wearing, it s so good. It s the best one I ve ever had, this sex swing blindfold. So it blocks out all the light. It does say cum slut on it, but I m like, that s who I am, so you know, far be it from me to deny Southwest that information, you know? It is weird when we land and I wake up, and I m like, I hope that s drool. Like, I really… I hope it s drool. Please be drool. I ve said that so many times in my life, Please be drool. I don t know why. It s a weird thing to say. I am, like, obsessed with talking about sex. I apologize if it s not your thing, but, like, come on. It s, like, so fun, and, like, we re all having sex, but we don t really, like, talk about it. Like, we ll be like, Oh, yeah, I ve had sex before. Like, we ll admit that, but we won t be like, Oh, yeah, I ve been like… But that s, like, what you look like. No one admits that. They re like, No, I look cooler. No, you don t. You re just like… Like, that s… It s just a bunch of, like, skin, like, shaking. It s so gross, and you all look like it. We all do, but, like… The only thing that, like, differentiates us is like, we put on clothes, and we re like, Nope, I ve never done that. Like, as soon as you re not naked, you can be like, No, I don t do that. What are you talking about? I m a princess. Like, that s what s separating us, is just clothes. Like, you can give, like, a sloppy blow job and put on, like, some jeans and a tank top and be like, I ve never sucked a dick in my life. What are you talking about? Nope, not me. And it s like, Yes, you have. If you ve worn a tank top, male or female, you ve sucked some dicks. Like, that s just a fact of tank tops, I think, yeah. I love it, though. I m always, like… I love to picture people, like, what they re into. Pregnant women are my favorite, cause you re like, I know you doing it. Like, you got stuffed. She got stuffed. Like, you know it, and then you… Oh, you can find out, like, exactly when she had sex. Like, all you have to do is ask, like, When are you due? Or pretend you care or whatever, and then you just do some light math, and you count back nine months, and you re like, July.  You were just like, like, like, in July. You were getting it.  You love it.  Yeah, you should be ashamed of yourself. Like, I love that. That s the thing about being pregnant. Like, you… if you tell your parents you re pregnant, like, you re pretty much like, Dad, Chris came inside me. Come here.  I kept it in. Like, that s… No, I don t want to do that. Ah, God, creeps have ruined the smile compliment, by the way. Like, it s done. You can t… cause girls, you ll just be walking down the street, and guys will tell you to smile. It s just the worst. We ve all… It s happened to all of us. There s only, like, two of you who actually do it, but you ve ruined it for everyone. Most guys don t do this, but girls ll just… You ll just be walking down the street by yourself, you know, not smiling, cause you re not a lunatic… Who s just smiling for no reason. Who s this giddy bitch? Just like, Yeah. If I saw that, I d be like, Did you just get into DeVry, ma am?  Like, what s going on in your life that s…  Did you just find a new feminine wipe that fits your busy lifestyle? That s what I thought. How fun. So insane. You don t see girls smiling and walking, but these guys cannot take it. They are just so upset that you re not smiling, and they stop you, and they re just like, Oh, can you smile pretty? Aw, can I get a smile? You d be prettier if you smiled. Like, it s always some version of that, and I never want to, cause, you know, it s just like, I just got off the phone with my mom or something, so I m just like, Ugh. And… or just life. You re just like… And they always say it, and I always do. I m always just like, Here you go. Like, is this what you wanted? I m just like… It hurts, but you do it, because if you don t, they rape you, and that s true. That s true? Haven t tried it. Like, don t risk it. That s… it s a little rapey to be like, Smile, and you re just like, Okay. That s how you know if something s rapey. If a girl told you to do it, would you do it? Certainly not. If a girl was like, Hey, smile, honey, I d be like, No, you go smile.  Look into a mirror if you want to see a girl smile. I m gonna be on my way. But a guy, I m just like, Is this the least I could do to not get raped right now? That s so great, thank you. I feel safe. I don t… I m not, like, up here like, Fucking men. I m not up here fucking men either, but… My career took a different path, but… I don t like how women are marketed to. Feminine wipes. I talked about those before, and I could tell you guys were like, Please get back to that.  We need more. I just read your energy. It s pretty cool. Feminine wipes are these things we re supposed to carry around, cause they re like, Hey, your vagina smells like it s supposed to, and it s grossing everyone out. Can you fix it, please? Thank you. And we re like, Okay, I m so sorry to ruin the party. People are buying these. I don t know anyone who does, but I just don t understand why those exist, yet ball wipes, we re like, Nah, that s cool, we don t need them. I don t want balls to smell different, but it s just like, we should be equally shamed, you know? Like, a fun, portable ball wipe? Like, why can t that be a thing? I don t… This is the thing. I don t want your balls to smell good. I like the… I don t, like, like the way they smell, but I m like… I m not like, Mmm. Like, I don t want it, like, wafting through my foyer, but, like… I m not dragging my boyfriend into Yankee Candle like, Can you guys match this scent? Is there a way? With, like, a touch of taint? Like, just, like, a… Cool, okay, I ll leave you here. I ll be at Piercing Pagoda, bye. Like, no. I don t like… I don t enjoy the scent, the aroma, but I like that balls smell exactly how they look. Like, that s… There s something cool about that. They re just so authentic. They re comfortable with who they are. They re like, Just, this is who I am. Like, take it or leave it. Like, I love that. There s nothing in nature that looks it smells more than balls, and so they shouldn t smell good. You shouldn t put anything on them, because we know that things are supposed to look how they smell. We all know that from Febreze commercials. You know, where a person… They set a person in a hoarder s apartment, and they blindfold them, and they re like, Where am I?  Am I in a whispering meadow? What s happening? And there s, like, a rat crawling behind them in some trash. They re like, What s that? Is that a bubbling brook? What s going on back there? Then they take it off. They re like, Aah! Like, it psychologically fucks you up. Don t Febreze your balls. Like, there s no amount of smell… I m not gonna close my eyes when I m down there and be like, Am I in an Arabian spice market tonight? Like, no. It s… I know where I am. Your dick is in my eye. Like, that s… I don t really know why. But, like, everyone knows about ball smell. It s… it s funny to me that they attacked women s smell first, because ball smell has been around forever. Even before I knew what balls were, I knew what ball smell was. Like, I knew balls smelled, and so did you. Think about it. You re a kid, right? And you walk into a room that smells a little weird. You turn to your friend, and you re like, It smells like balls in here, right? Like, that s… That s a phrase that was based on your balls to convey a generic funk smell. Like, it s been around… Your grandma could be like, It smells like balls in here. You d be like, That s absolutely right, Grandma.  Like, that s a normal thing for you to say right now, because it does smell like balls in here. Like, I think Chaucer wrote it. That s been around forever, so… So, yeah, don t Febreze your balls. You guys have been so great. Thank you so much. Here is the last thing I ll say. Thank you. You guys are like, Okay, fine. You re, like, mad at the one person who started it. I get it. I ve been in an audience before. Really? Again? I was having sex recently with my boyfriend and… I hate saying boyfriend,  cause it s not like, Boyfriend. Like, I hate it. My ex… my future ex-fiancé and I were… We can get there and… No, we were doing it recently, and he said the funniest thing. And this is how I know he watches porn a lot, because out of nowhere he just goes, What would you do for this dick? Great question. I was like… Love it. It s like, Are you Terry Gross? This is amazing.  What would you do for this dick? He doesn t talk like that either, by the way. Like, like, why do you sound like Batman right now? It s just like, What would you do for this dick? And I was like, I didn t know your dick was a Klondike Bar. Let s start there. Like, I don t have a plan. I was like, I d do a silly dance? And he s like, Please stop. It s going down. I was like, Okay. I didn t know what to say. He asked it at the wrong time. You should ask that question before you have sex, right? Like, What would you do for this dick? He s, like, across the room. He s just dangling it, and I m just like, Anything! Anything! Like, that s… That s the way. I m just like, like… That s how I get, real dick hungry. But I just… he asked it while I had it. He s like, What would you do for this dick? I was like, Whatever I did ten minutes ago?  That seemed to work. Sit on your couch and eat Thai food?  Mmm, wait till ‘Shark Tank is over? Like, there s not a lot of hurdles between me and your dick, you know? Like, I didn t know what to say. I hope he asks me again, because I just wasn t prepared, which he won t, because I ve done this joke, so… But if he does, I would… I… if he says, like, What would you do for this dick? I d, like, press play and be like, * I would walk 500 miles, and I would… * Like, cause I would. I love it. I do. I love… I love it. It s my best friend. I really… I love doing dick tricks. Like, it s… dicks are so funny to me, and they re so fun to play with, and, like, when you re with a guy long enough, you just, like, start to, like, do some weird stuff. I m always just like, How you doing? Like, I just, like, talk to it, and he ll be like, What are you saying? I m like, This doesn t concern you! And I ll just be like, This is just between us. Like, I ll just do funny things. It s fun for everyone, you know? Shh! Just talk to it. But here s those… Here are some dick tricks that I just want to share with you. Okay, so first one is, okay, so, like, before you have sex, when he s just, like, soft or whatever, you just take his dick, and you just, like, pretend that it s a hose that s out of control, and you re just like, Whoa! Whoa! Like, it s so fun. He won t like it at first, but it gets it going. Like, you know, like, he can t… You re playing with it, you know? He ll roll his eyes, then he does… Then you know he s into it, so… The water starts pumping, so… And then the other one is post sex, okay? This is kind of gross, but, okay, you know, after they do it, there s, like, a little bit still on it? I always like to go, Ooh, I forgot my lip gloss, and just put it on and be like, Ready to go. It s so fun. Do it. You got to do it. Promise me you ll do it. Oh, God. So, yeah, I just… Dicks are so fun to me. I like to compliment my guy s dick. Like, I did that very early on in our relationship. I complimented him, and I learned that there s only so many things you can say about a dick that guys want to hear. There s, like, two things. You can be like, Oh, it s so big, or like, Owie. Like, that s kind of it. Like, don t stray too far outside of that, but that s hard because, like, sometimes they re not huge. Like, my boyfriend, not huge… Average, perfectly average. I love it. It s wonderful. But it s average, and you can t celebrate that, you know? You can t be like, Oh, my God, it s so fucking expected. Like, oh, yes, fill me up with that adequate cock. Like, you know, that s not good, so… So you lie. You lie, you know? Like, you re in the moment, and… we were in the moment, and I was just like, It s so big, and he was just like, Oh, is it?  It s so big? And I was like, Yeah. And he was like, We re looking at the same thing right now.  Come on. So big? I m like, Can you just, like, suspend disbelief  for, like, 15 seconds maybe and think to yourself, like,  ‘Well, maybe she s only seen baby dicks.  ‘Like, she worked in nursery her whole life  ‘and never got a date. Like, maybe that s it.  But he was like, Don t lie. I m like, Okay, fine, I won t, and then I just stopped complimenting it altogether, cause I was like, I can t say anything. But then I realized, Oh, wait. I can say it s perfect. That s what I ll say. ‘Cause that s not a lie. I think it s perfect. So now I say it s perfect. So, if you ve heard your dick is perfect, it s average or below average. So that s just a thing I want you to know. Yes. Yes. And your lady has found a loophole. But I really… I don t care that much about dick size. I know it s a thing, but I don t know. If I love someone enough, I really don t care, and my friends are like, Yeah, right. And I m like, I really… I don t. And they re like, What if he had a micropenis? And I m like, I don t know. There s other things. Like, you can work around it. Like, you can cheat on him. You can use toys. No, there s other things you can… you have your hands. You have your tongue. You know, at least you don t have a microtongue, you know? Celebrate that. If you have a micropenis, just be proud of your big tongue, cause if you had, like, a tiny little… How gross would that be if a guy was like, Hey, baby, like a little gecko, but he just had a huge cock, but he s like… You d be like, Where s micro? I need him. Like, that is so gross. So at least your tongue s cool, you know? I did get in trouble for lying. You shouldn t lie, and I know that. He was… we talked about it a lot. My boyfriend was like, you know, Don t lie … Like, girls don t know because they don t get compliments down there, so they, like, don t get it, what it feels like to be lied to. And I was like, Yeah, you know, I d… We d like some, you know? And he was like, Really? Like, what would… What would I even say?  I don t know. Like… like, we re tight or whatever? He was like, Really?  I wouldn t even think to say that. That s crazy. That s… I m like, To me or girls in general? Like, what s the vibe here? And he was like, No, babe, you re perfect. And I was like, Yes, okay.  Oh, fuck you, okay? That s mine. He was like, Owie? I m like, Enough. New York, thank you so much for coming out tonight. You re so great. Thank you, thank you, thank you. I love you. Thank you. * I do not take, I do not take * * No matter how you shine * I cannot take a gift that isn t true * * I love myself, I love myself * * Too much to love you * Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh * * Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh *

ARI SHAFFIR@DOUBLE NEGATIVE@2017@Shaffir s Double Negative collection includes a 44-minute set called Children, followed by a 47-minute called Adulthood; both filmed on the same night at Cap City Comedy Club in Austin. Shaffir took only a brief intermission to change his wardrobe and the lighting, keeping the same crowd in the house. Children [???] [audience cheering] Thank you, everybody. [chuckles] Thank you very much. Hell yeah. My friend got pregnant off a Tinder date. Right? Yes. That s what I m talking about. Who gets pregnant off a Tinder date? That s the future, everybody. Remember when you were little, you thought about the future? What it was gonna look like. You were wrong. [audience laughs] We were all wrong. I thought it was gonna look like Star Trek. Not the space travel, but everything else. Everything would be clean, all the people would be smart and classy. [chuckles] Nope. You know why? I figured it out. White trash goes to the future, too. And they re getting pregnant off phone apps. [all chuckling] Who gets pregnant off a Tinder date? Also, who gets pregnant at all, by the way? Enough, you guys. Enough. It s unoriginal. Children are garbage. [audience chuckles] If you have a kid, obviously, obviously, I mean your kid, too. They re all garbage. You know it. You know they are. You ve seen them at their worst. You know they are. Ever see a kid run around, and then be out of breath, and then try to drink water? They have no idea how to do it. Watch them next time. Watch them fail completely. They come in like: [panting] [imitates drinking] [gasping] [imitates drinking] It s like, Dude, you re 15, bro. Fuck is wrong with you? You breathe in through the nose, idiot. And they re bipolar, they scream over nothing. I was on a plane to Tampa, Florida like a month ago. And, uh, I was gonna sleep the whole way, right? Then a fucking 2-year-old sat right in front of me. Motherfucker. Nobody s happy about that. Nobody, when you see a 2-year-old is like, Yeah. It s always, Goddamn it. [audience laughs] Yeah, it s gonna ruin my trip. Not this kid. Not this kid. He was an angel, a little fucking angel. Slept the whole way. Couldn t believe it. And then we landed. The mom woke him up, you know. Casper. Casper. That was his name. White kid. Obviously, a white kid. [audience chuckles] Clearly, it s a white kid. Casper, honey, wake up. Then Casper gets up and goes: Ah! Ah! No! I don t want to! I don t want to go! It s like, Dude, Casper, we re here. It s a good thing. Do you hate Tampa? [audience chuckles] I m ten minutes away from getting a vasectomy. I swear to God. I think about it all the time. If they were easier to get, I d have gotten one. If they had vasectomies at 7-Eleven, I d have gotten, like, five. My friends don t want me to. Don t get a vasectomy. You crazy? What if you want to have kids someday? And I m like, What day? When is this day coming? I ve hated children since I was 5. Whatever, if I get a vasectomy, and I change my mind, and I want to have kids, I can just adopt a kid. I don t see why nobody thinks that s an option. What s wrong with adoption? Why build a new team for the draft when there s quality free agents waiting to get picked up? [audience laughs] [chuckles] You know? I know some people are super against adoption. Know somebody like that? No fucking way. No way. My one buddy is like that. Any kid for me must come from my genes. A hundred percent, no matter what, must come from my genes. I m like, What are you, a king? What are you talking about? This ain t Game of Thrones, idiot. Just care for something. Plus, hold on. Your genes? Your father abandoned your family. You dropped out of college. And you re short, and you re bald. You have horrible genes. If you care about genes so much, end the bloodline right now. You ain t a doctor. You won t be missed. Nothing wrong with adoption. With adoption, you can shop before you buy. [audience laughs] That s just smart, no? Huh? Let s say I had a biological kid. You had a biological kid. And let s say for argument s sake that he came out with big fucking buck teeth. Like two times the size of regular… Like Bugs Bunny ass giant buck teeth. You know, that s not a deal breaker. Nobody in the world is gonna be like, I don t want to do this anymore. You d have to be a monster. At the same time, nobody dreams about it. Nobody s like, When I have a kid, I ll teach him how to eat pizza from the ground up to get around those. If there s a high wind, I ve got to hold his shoulder or he ll fly away. Family pictures you re like, Smile with your mouth closed. We talked about this. Fucking buck-tooth motherfucker. Ruining my goddamn dreams. [audience member clapping] You don t got to worry about it with an adopted kid. With an adopted kid, you just go into the human pound, you know. You look around. All the kids come to the front of their cages, I guess. Pick me. Pick me. Please. [mouthing] Please, please, please. Please, please, please. [in normal voice] You re like, Kids, you re too needy. Let me come to you. And you see one shy kid way in the back, you know. You look up, he looks up at you. That might be him. That might be my boy. And you go over there all nervous. Hey, buddy. What s your name? And he s like, Peter.  Hey, Peter. I m Ari.  So? [audience laughs] You want to go home today?  I don t know, maybe. What the fuck? [audience chuckles] I think I like you. I think you re gonna be my son. – He s like, Yeah, that d be cool. – [audience laughs] All right. Are you happy about that?  Yeah. Yeah.  Like, can you show me that you re happy?  What do you want?  I don t know, smile or something.  I don t want to.  Why? It feels good to smile. Everyone likes to smile. It works out more muscles in your mouth. And he s like, Okay.  No! Fucking buck teeth. Nice try, motherfucker. You ain t ever getting out of here. [audience chuckling] Fucking pregnant off a Tinder date. She was in between two different kinds of birth control. So, they used a condom but the condom broke. And they got the morning after pill the next day. The Plan B pill, and it didn t take. It doesn t always work. I know. Yeah, when you hear that out loud, you realize, like, she s definitely… a liar. There s no way. There s no way. Any one of those things should have killed that baby. There s no way all four didn t do it. Is that sperm breaking tackles like he s Emmitt Smith in his prime? Nobody believes that. And who s breaking condoms, by the way? If you re breaking condoms, you re fucking wrong. You re not 17 anymore. How are you…? Are you just like: [grunting] Fuck. I broke another one.  I know. Slow down. Why are you drilling? There s no oil down there, bro. Fucking kiss once in a while or something. They re not supposed to break. One time when I was little, I was 7, 8 years old, uh, I found a condom, unused. And, uh… I didn t know what to do with it, a 7-year-old. I was still ten years away from using condoms. And, like, 15 years away from no longer using condoms. Condoms suck. Condoms suck. You girls have no idea how shitty they are. Female privilege. Never worn a condom. That s female privilege. Nobody ever talks about that. Here s what condoms feel like, so you know. A condom feels like you re getting a massage while wearing a winter coat. [audience laughs] Where you re like, I get what you re going for. It doesn t feel unpleasant, but some skin to skin contact would help this a long way. I found this condom. I didn t know what to do with it, 7-year-old, 8-year-old. What are you gonna do? I made a water balloon out of it. That s what kids do. I made it big, too. I made it that big. I tested the strength of this condom. It was shaking when I wasn t touching it. That s how fucking full it was. It was shaped like this: [audience laughs] It was sitting on my porch with the molecules almost breaking through. What am I gonna do with it? It s my masterpiece. At the time, it was the best thing I d ever done in my life. What am I gonna do? I saw my buddy coming around the corner. I was like, Oh, I m gonna bean this motherfucker. That s what this condom water balloon was put on the Earth for. To soak my buddy Aaron. I picked it up, right? He didn t see me. He came around the corner. I just hucked it at him as hard as I could. It just bounced off of him, fell down. Bounced away. Didn t even break. How are you breaking it with love thrusts? [audience laughs] You re fucking wrong. That s how you got pregnant off a Tinder date. I don t know, man. You got kids? You don t? What d you do, pull out? Most effective method of birth control, right there. It s not a condom, 100 percent effective, pulling out. Yeah, people don t believe me. Pulling out is 100 percent effective. It has never failed in 5000 years. A hundred percent. You know what s less effective than pulling out? Barely pulling out. [audience chuckles] That is considerably less effective. If you pull out, and the first look on your face is like: Don t besmirch the good name of pulling out with shitty barely pulling out methods. You should have to at least touch your dick for a second before you cum. You shouldn t pull out and go, Blah. There it is. You should have to do something to it. Fucking pregnant off a Tinder date. How do you explain that? How will she explain that to her kid when he s old enough? When he s like, Mommy, where did I come from? What s she gonna say? She ll be like, Well, Tinderthy… [audience laughs] [chuckles] one day, Mommy went to the App Store. And then spent all afternoon just going: ‘No, no, no. Good enough. And that s the story of you. I wouldn t have a problem with kids if parents didn t bring them around too much. That s my biggest issue. I shouldn t see them all the time, you know? Most parents are cool about it, but some just are not. I went to Bonnaroo this year. You guys ever go to Bonnaroo? Yeah. It s great, right? A giant music festival in Tennessee. Four days of camping and music. So much fun. So much fun. But sometimes parents are there now, and they bring their fucking kids. There are 3- and 4-year-old children running around Bonnaroo. And I want to be like, Hey. We re doing drugs. [audience laughs] Okay? And on acid, your child is frightening. He s looking into my soul, and I don t care for what he sees. He is a demon, and I will kill it. I will kill the demon to protect everyone else in this music festival. Yes, Kendrick, everything is gonna be all right. I m gonna kill that demon. There are places you don t bring your kid, a nice restaurant. You ever go to a nice restaurant? Save up 80 bucks per meal. Go on a nice date. Wear a button down shirt. Try to get laid. Earn it. You know, go on Yelp, three cash signs. Tonight s the night. Find the right place. Places where as soon as you sit down, they put your napkin on your lap for you. Those places where you re like, That s slave shit. Why are you doing that? There s no reason for that. I ve never seen a Yelp review, I sat there like a schmuck, my napkin on my table, like an asshole for like 40 minutes. But it s nice. It s date night. You ll take it. It s a good atmosphere. And you sit down all happy, you find the right place. Two tables over, you just hear: [yelling] No! I don t want to! I don t want to! Some fucking little kid. Some little baby sitting there in one of those handicapped chairs they sit in. [audience chuckles] Highchair, whatever you call it. I don t care what you call it. We don t sit in those. We re not handicapped like that. I m like, Why is he here? For 80 bucks a meal? What a waste. He s not even making memories. Plus, his palate s not refined enough. He doesn t understand the nuance of this chef-inspired masterpiece. He d be happier… I guarantee you, he d be happier with a banana I smushed with my foot. [audience laughing] He could see me do it, and he would just go: Ah. He d go, Babana? I m like, That s right, buddy. Babana. He d rub a bunch of it in his face, and get a bit in his mouth. And be cute as fuck. Kids are cute. They re cute. I ll give you that, if you have kids. You got kids? You look like you do. You don t have kids? How old are you? – [man] Thirty. – Whoa, you look horrible for 30. [audience laughs] I thought you were like 57, man. That s crazy. It s the gray hair on the sides. Damn. They re cute sometimes, kids. And then they re instantly not cute. Ever see them run around playing, having a good time, then shit their pants. They just shit themselves. Everyone has to act like that s normal. It s not. The smell is of shit. I don t care how young they are, that shit smell is still a shit smell. The problem is when they shit themselves, they have no gravity to them. They don t like feel it at all. They re like: [giggles] [giggles] It s like… Right? It s gonna come out of your pants, man. Don t get me wrong. I shit myself. I drink. Obviously, I shit myself. But I do it every two years, you know. And when I do it, it registers as having shit myself. I don t just keep going. I tell my friends: I think I left the oven on or something. I ve got to go check that out. Sorry, you guys. I don t mean to cancel our plans. I shit myself this year, to be honest. Yeah. When I say every two years, I mean a maximum of two years goes by. I don t mean an average. I mean the most that has ever gone by is two years. [chuckles] Yeah, it was in April. For sure, I know when it was. ‘Cause I was on a flight. I was going to Australia. I shit… Yeah, is there a good time to shit yourself? Are you ever like, Wish I could shit myself and get it out of the way. Yeah, it was a 13-hour-long flight. I was six hours into it, and, uh, I went to pee. You ever pee and then fart a little? That s normal. Everybody does that. Do girls do that? No? Oh… You re missing out. You ve got to do that. With girls, it s even better because you clog it up. So, like, it would make like that tuba sound. You could like move your leg and… Kind of like Miles Davis with the with the cup, you know, and the tuba. You d be like… [imitating tuba playing] You know? So, I was doing that, I was peeing and farting. Then all of a sudden I was like, Whoop. Oop. [audience chuckles] But I was like, No, no, it was just a bubble. I didn t want to believe it. And then I went back to my seat. I was sitting by the window, so I had to make people get up. Excuse me. Excuse me. Sorry. Stand up. Sorry. Excuse me. Excuse me. Then I sat down. As soon as I sat down I was like, Ahh. That s a problem. The smush happened. Once the smush happens, you can really feel it. Yeah, I was like, Fuck. Get back up. Get back up. We re not done. Get back up. I thought I was done. I m not done. Sorry. Get back up. Get back up. I had to run to the bathroom. Fucking streaker right down the middle of my underwear. Yeah. It was about that wide and about that long. It looked like a map of the country of Chile. [audience laughs] Like a topographical map of Chile. With the mountain ranges and everything. I caught it. It didn t soak through. But the underwear, the underwear could not be saved. I had to throw out my underwear in the trash can of the airplane bathroom. Yeah, I took care of it myself, like a grownup. I handled the situation. Maybe if I was in first class, I could have been like: Hey, peasant. Fucking deal with this for me. But not in coach. You have to handle it yourself. You know what it s like to have to smush that underwear into that little fucking hole in the airplane bathroom trash can? I was about to leave the bathroom. Then I was like: Wait, hold on. Right before I left, I took paper towels. I put them on top of the underwear in the trash, just to cover it up a bit. I didn t want the next guy coming. I know what I would do. If I threw something out, and I saw soiled underwear in the top level of the trash, my first thought would be… Who did I just pass? [audience laughs] I would spend the next seven hours just going up and down the aisles, just trying to, like, jog my memory. Until I m like, Ah, ha, ha! You did it. I know. I know what you did. [cackles] Yeah, you got to cover it up. It s like if you kill a kid in the woods, you ve got to kick leaves on top of him. [audience chuckles] Fucking pregnant off a Tinder date. She told the guy, too. She wasn t going to. That was her plan. She was gonna do it by herself. She was like, I barely know his last name. Which seems fair. Then she had a change of heart after eight months. Yeah, eight months and a week. She goes, Ari, he has a right to know. And I m like, Yeah, a long time ago. [audience laughs] I feel like now he has the right to never know. So, she told him. She met him in a park. This is what she said, her official quote. She said he got kind of weird about it. Oh, yeah? Did he? Did he get a little bit weird? He got a little weird when he found out he s gonna be a father next Tuesday? [audience laughs] He wasn t chillaxed at that news? How did you want him to handle it? From the guy s point of view, what a gigantic change from what you expect out of that phone call… to what you end up with out of that meeting. If I get a call from a woman I haven t seen in months, my very first thought, same as any guy in here, our very first thought is like, Well, she wants that D. [audience laughs] I guess it s better than I thought it was. I must have good dick. She must have been thinking about it this whole time. She probably can t concentrate at church, or at work, around her friends. She just keeps thinking about that dick, that dick, that dick. Yeah, it s addictive, man. I get it. Her friends are like, Where d you go? You disappeared.  Yeah. Thinking about that D. Eventually, couldn t take it anymore. You know, she got weak. She fell to the hunger. [audience laughs] She broke down. She called. And you know what? She s gonna get that D. That s my mindset, if I walked into the park thinking that, I m all happy, you know? And then I saw that? I would do a quick check of the seasons. I d be… [laughs] No. Fucking… Game over. How s that for not weird? Enjoy picking up my brain matter. Some people should have kids. I shit on kids too much, parenthood. Some people should have children. Here s how you tell. I ve come up with a way to tell whether you should be a parent. The reaction of your friends when you tell them you re gonna have a kid. That s how you know whether or not you should do it. You know? ‘Cause there are two polar opposite ways that can happen. Say you re married, on one side, you re married. You ve been with a woman for a while. You re doing better financially. You discuss, want to have a kid. You try. You get pregnant, tell your friends, Samantha s pregnant. Your friends are like: Fuck yeah, man. Congratulations. I m so happy for you. That s so cool. That s one side. [audience laughs] If that s you, go for it. You ve got my blessing. The other half of your friends, they ve been dating someone for a while. They tell their friends, Hey, Margaret s pregnant. And everybody goes, Fuck. Oh, no. What are you gonna do? Have you thought about killing her? Don t do it. I watch those cop shows. DNA is too good now, man. One hair. One hair, they ll get you. Hire somebody if you ve got to do it. For those people, for the people getting pregnant off Tinder dates, abortion is not just a right, it s a responsibility. [audience chuckling] They don t always do it though. My friend Luis Gomez is one of those. Comedian in New York. Got his girlfriend pregnant. Dating for two months. I was like, What are you gonna do? By the way, nobody asks a married couple, What are you gonna do? [audience chuckles] That is never a question posed to a married couple. I was going, What are you gonna do? He goes, I don t know. I ve thought about running away. [audience laughs] But I don t have money for gas, so I guess we re gonna move in together. Fuck. There s no in between on run away… or move in together? Seems like a giant unexplored territory in the middle there. He s like, What do you mean?  How many months pregnant? He was like, Two. I m like, Well, then you still have the receipt. [audience laughing] For a small restocking fee, you can return this. [audience laughing] What are you talking about?  I m talking abortion. I mean abortion. He had the kid. By the way, here s a tip for you guys for life. If you tell your friends to get an abortion, advise them to get an abortion, and then they do not get an abortion… they won t forget that you told them to get an abortion. Yeah, they hold onto that real hard. Every time I see Luis and his kid at a barbecue, he s like holding him, and I come in. He goes: Oh, there s your Uncle Ari. He told us to get rid of you.  Dude, stop saying that. It was funny for a year, but he s 7 now. He s mad at me. He s giving me this sign every time I see him. Stop. [audience chuckling] Hey, do you guys…? Let me ask you a question. You guys all have jobs, right? Or you ve had jobs in the past at least? Ever do your job on autopilot? Not thinking about it? Just going through the motions? You know, then if you re in a good mood, you sing, or hum, or whistle? Whistle while you work, that s a thing. Everybody does that. Whistle while you work. [audience member whistles] Yeah. Very good, you know what a whistle is. [audience chuckles] Do you think…? Do you think abortion doctors whistle while they work? [audience laughing] I think they must. Not every day. Obviously, not every day. But I mean like Friday, 4:30. They must be like: ? Everybody s working for the weekend ? ? Everybody s got to… ? Is that how abortions are done? I don t know. I ve never seen one. I have waited in the car before, but I ve never been in there. I assume you reach in and grab the fetus, then basketball shot it into a trash can. If you miss, a nurse kicks it out for three. Curry, downtown. No? Is that not how it s done? All right. At this point I would like to say thank you for all the women in here, especially the moms, for not turning on me horribly. ‘Cause, yeah, when I lose a crowd, it s always moms. Women who are like, Fuck you. I hope you never have a kid.  I know. Me, too. We re on the same page. So, thank you, women, for holding it together. Women get a bad rap sometimes. Not all the time. Not all the time, but sometimes. Women are crazy. You ever hear that? Hear it all the time, I don t think so. I read this article online about women s hormones. This is what it said. Women, in your brains, you have 40 percent more hormones than men have. Forty percent more. Yeah. And that s not period time. That s non-period time. I don t know what happens during the period. All hell breaks loose. Not talking that. We re talking three and a half weeks a month. Whatever men have, our top level, women, 40 percent on top of that. Just: [imitates gunfire] Just shit popping off in there that men have no concept of whatsoever. Our thing is here, and you ve got, Pew, pew. Feelings, feelings, emotions. Pew. Men call you crazy. ‘Cause what? ‘Cause why? ‘Cause once every two weeks, you go, Fuck you, out of nowhere? [audience chuckles] With 40 percent more, those are great odds. With 40 percent more, minimum three days a week, we should wake up with you over us with scissors just going, Not today. And just fucking bounding off. So, congratulations, women, on being shockingly un-crazy. I know men who if they get less than six hours of sleep, and you cut them off in traffic, they ll follow you to where you work and threaten your life. I ll take a fuck you once in a while. It s okay. My brother s one of those guys who brings his kid everywhere. So disappointing when you realize that your family is capable of that. My brother lives in Europe now. ‘Cause he didn t know taxes applied to him. That s what he said. [chuckles] Those are for everybody?  Yeah, man. Those are for everybody. So, he just never paid them. He owes like $200,000 to the government. Yeah, it got out of control. Eventually he was like, I m sorry. I ll just leave. [audience chuckles] I feel bad staying with you when I owe you all this money, so I m gonna get out of here. You re never gonna see that fucking money, so I m gonna get out. He lives in Europe. It turns out Europe is almost the same as America. Basically no difference anymore. They have everything we have. Little differences. There are little differences. He said you ve got to type in PornHub.uk. [audience chuckles] But you cope, you learn to cope. It s just different porn. [in British accent] Stick it in me arse. [audience chuckles] [in normal voice] Is that a pirate? What did I just do? What accent was that? Was that England? I was trying to do England. I don t think I got it. I was gonna be in Denmark for some comedy festival. They flew me to Denmark which is pretty cool. My brother called, While you re in Europe, let s do something.  Sure. What do you want to do? Looked at his calendar, Oktoberfest was right then. You want to go to Oktoberfest? I was like, Fuck yeah. Two Jews sneaking back into Germany? Let s take back the night. You know, let s piss on Hitler s grave. Yeah. But he goes, I don t think they have a Hitler s grave. I m just gonna piss everywhere, and if I hit it, I hit it. [audience laughs] I did, too. I pissed everywhere in Germany. I pissed outside like 25 times. All the time. You can t get in trouble. If you re a Jew, you can t get in trouble for little shit like that. You ve got to do something really wrong. Got to steal a car or worse. They ll let you go for little stuff. ‘Cause of what happened before. [audience laughs] They still feel guilty about it, I guess. If you don t know, it was like a disagreement we had. [audience laughs] We lost. I mean, obviously, we lost. But they way overreacted, so… All right, no more Holocaust jokes. So, anyway, so I took the train into Germany, right? That s a change. Last one. That was it, you guys. That s it. No more. No more. Come on. You can t laugh at shit like that. That s not cool. It s not cool. And my brother met me, took his car. We met at the train station. We re both jumping, Shaffir boys, we re doing this. Oktoberfest. So excited. And then his back door opens up. And you just hear, Ahh! No! I don t want to! I don t want to! He brought his 4-year-old kid to Oktoberfest. I was like, Are you kidding me right now?  Did you not want me to bring him?  Yes. You read my tone correctly. I did not want you to bring him. He said what parents say when they know they fucked up. Well, you should have said something. If you didn t want me to bring him, should ve said something.  Why would I have to tell you that? I don t have to tell you that. I didn t tell you not to bring anthrax. You knew that on your own. I shouldn t have to tell you not to bring a kid to a beer festival. He s like, Why? He got indignant. That s what parents do. Why shouldn t he be here right now? I m like, Uh, because I plan on getting really drunk. And I question his tolerance. [audience laughs] The way I see it, he ll be the first one to barf every night. He just barfed. He already barfed for no reason. So, how is that gonna be? He tried to sell me on him. Ari, come on. He s really smart for his age. All right, but he s really stupid for my age. [audience chuckles] And I m not at his kindergarten, he s at my beer festival. [audience laughing] For me, he s illiterate. That s not smart. I m sorry. You re not gonna sell me on an illiterate person being smart. Pregnant off a Tinder date. Anybody here not know what Tinder is? You all know. Or no one s gonna say? My grandmother, she asked me: What s a Tinder? And I m like, It s not ‘a anything. How do you explain to a 94-year-old woman what Tinder is? She goes, I don t know anything. And I was like, All right, well… Uh… [chuckles] I was like, There was once a great man named Steve Jobs. [audience laughs] And he took the power of computers, and he put it in everybody s hands. At all times, we had access to information, right in the palm of our hands. It was an amazing time in human development. Truly, it really was. And then within seven years, we were using that to fuck. [audience laughs] Yeah. Gay people figured it out in two years. [audience laughs] They were way ahead of the curve. All gay scientists, put down what you re doing. Figure this out. We don t need to transfer information. Fucking, let s fuck. And then my friend got pregnant off one of those. They bother me too much, parents. Sometimes the problem is the videos. The iPhone 6 and 7 now. Makes everyone think they re a videographer. They re not. They have shitty videos. Not the quality. The quality s amazing. The subject matter is the issue. They think everything they record is worthy of showing people. But there s a delete button there. Use that delete button. Every time my sisters and brothers show me videos, any of my friends, Look at a video of my kid. I feel like I m Dexter, and I have to fake the emotion, of what a normal person with feelings would do in that situation. I m always like, Cute? How do you do this? [audience laughs] It s just the dumbest. He s walking.  Yeah, well, they all do that. That s not…  I can go on YouTube now, see a video of a 5-year-old hitting a golf ball 215 yards. You re showing me walking? Fuck you. Your child is unimpressive.  Look, he said ‘Dada.  Well, that s not the right way to say that word. Congratulations. You videotaped a mistake. I m sure he ll be very embarrassed. They re just annoying. Like you ever see this? Who s got kids here? How many people have kids here? A few of you. How old are your kids? – [woman] Five. – Five. Five years old. One. – You stopped after that? – [woman] Yeah. Okay, good for you. Not chasing the dragon like a lot of people. Maybe that eighth one will be good. [audience laughs] Does your kid ever do this where they re playing? They re on the ground playing, having a good time. They fall. Like, No big deal. They get up and keep playing. But if anybody s watching, they re like, Oh, you saw that? Okay, it s gonna get really bad for you right now. But I just want you to know, you did this to yourself. They start crying. But don t really cry cause they re not really hurt. They do their impression of what they remember a cry sounds like. From memory. They re not good. They re not actors, never took classes. They don t know how to do it. They fall and go… [moaning] Dude, you re doing ghost. You re not doing crying. They re not upset. They think they can get upset. So, they try to make themselves get upset. They re like feminist bloggers. [audience laughing] Nobody feels less joy than a feminist blogger. Like, Fuck you. I hate you. You suck.  Why are you so upset? It s a nice day out.  Shut up, man. Don t tell me how to feel. [audience laughing] Parents don t wake up the same way non-parents wake up. I think I d be okay with it, too, if parents gave me an honest account… of what parenthood was like. A lot of parents say, It s a beautiful blessing every second of every day. It s always a beautiful blessing, every single second. I m like, Every single second? Then why are the bags under your eyes twitching? They re that low, and they re fucking twitching. They re about to pop. My friend has kids. My friend Avi has two kids, 4 and 7. Here s how he wakes up in the morning. How parents wake up. Okay? On Sunday, the alarm goes off. He s sleeping peacefully, right? The alarm goes off. As soon as it goes off. Get up, move! Brush your teeth! Clothes. Food. Go. Move. Now! Go. Go. Go! It s fucking Afghanistan, and bombs are dropping every single day. You sleep with your boots on. How do you live like that? Not single people, man. That s not how we wake up at all. No kids? Here s how I wake up on a Sunday. First of all, no alarm clock. Just whenever it happens. [audience applauds] Whenever the fates shall deem it time. Yeah. You re sleeping peacefully, right? After a while, you re just kind of like… [audience laughing] Remember that, parents? Remember going back to bed? Remember those days? Remember that two-hour blink? [audience laughs] Where you look at your clock like, 9:30? Okay… 11:15? How did that just happen? Am I a time traveler? What just happened there? I don t think I can… 12:45? What is happening right now? Can I take a…? 2:00, there it is. Remember sleeping so much that you physically cannot sleep anymore? Where you re laying there… You try. It doesn t stop you from trying. But you lay there with your eyes closed for like 45 minutes. You re like, No, this is not going down. Doing everything in my power to make this happen. It s not happening, so I may as well get up. The sun s going down. I should probably get Vitamin D before I commit suicide. This is one thing parents get me on. They re like, Well, don t you get lonely? Don t you get lonely without children? And I m like, Oh, yeah. A deep, deep loneliness that you could never even ever experience. It s a fucking vast emptiness that goes on for a millennium. It s super lonely. Yeah. But then I call my friends, and I m way less lonely. That helps. There s something to be said for having cute things around. You get it. It fills a void that your friends can t fill. I have nieces and nephews. When they re around, it fills that void, you know? It s great to play with them and teach stuff. But I don t live in the same city as them. When I m not in their city, what do I do? I go to parks and play with randoms, but… [audience laughing] Parents frown on that. Parents are always like, Get away from my child. I m like I m not a child molester. But if you bring up child molestation, that s all they think about. So, what do you do? How do single people fill that void? Dogs. That s how we do it. You see any single person over 30 around a dog, they get weird. I love dogs. I ll lick a dog in his mouth, you guys. I don t give a fuck. I ll give him tongue. If he s good, he wants that tongue. If he s a good boy, he s getting that tongue. I ll get in there like, Are you a good boy? [grunting] You re a good boy. Yeah, owners look at me weird. Aren t you afraid of getting a disease? And I m like, Yeah, depression. [audience laughs] Please, let me have this. [audience cheers and applauds] So, Nicole had her baby. Yeah, the Tinder lady. She did not name it Tinderthy like I suggested. I suggested Tinderthy for a boy, and for a girl, I said Con-swipe-a. [audience laughing] For ethnic flavor, you know? A little bit. [gasping] Fucking garbage. [audience laughing] She had her baby. She said her life wasn t gonna change. She was living in Brooklyn, New York. And now she lives in Arkansas. What city in Arkansas, did someone ask? Because there are some cool cities in Arkansas? No. Nobody asked. There s no cool cities in Arkansas. You guys ever know anybody that definitely should get an abortion? You look at them and you re like, You re the reason this is legal. For this case right now is the only reason anyone s allowed to do it. Sometimes they get an abortion, sometimes they don t. What s the reason they always give when they don t get an abortion? When everyone in the world knows they should get an abortion. They re like, I know I should get an abortion, but I can t because…  – [man] Jesus. – Jesus. Yeah, God. It s always Jesus. That s what they point to. I can t have an abortion. Religion. That s what Nicole said. I can t have an abortion. Religion.  But where was religion when you were fucking behind the Roxy nightclub? [audience chuckles] I don t understand. Was Jesus back there? Was Jesus slapping the condom off the guy? Going, No, that s an abomination. You can t. No, that s an abomination. You fuck raw dog behind this Dumpster or don t fuck at all. So sayeth the Lord. [audience laughing] It doesn t work, by the way. Just so you know, logically. Religion doesn t work as a reason. You don t have to have an abortion. But you can t point to religion as the reason not to. It doesn t work. I ve studied religion for a long time. Yeah. I used to be like… One of those. [audience laughing] Yeah. For this side over there, there you go. Yeah, so I know a lot about it. Here s the deal why it doesn t work. There s only one way you go straight to heaven. Especially in Christianity. The only way you go straight to heaven, I mean, no purgatory, no hell, straight to heaven, the only way to do that is if you die without sin. And the only way to die without sin is if you get aborted before you get a chance to be born. So… if you love Jesus, and you love your baby… [audience laughing] you should send him to heaven. [audience cheering] I m just trying to spread the gospel, you guys. That s all I m about here today. Thank you very much, everybody. That s it for me. [audience cheering] You guys have been a phenomenal crowd. You guys are absolutely awesome. [???] Adulthood Yes. You guys did it. All right. Very nice. We re all living our lives, everybody. You get one, too. Here s the deal. Before I start, let me say this. I will tell you, I was listening to a Biggie Smalls song recently. Yeah, I don t… I don t think it was a new one. And, um… Whatever happened to that guy? He got so lazy. The name of the song was called Juicy. You guys remember? It s a good song. It starts… Like a lot of 90s hip-hop, it starts the same way. It starts with a dedication in the beginning. He doesn t start rapping right away. The beat comes in, before he starts rapping Biggie Smalls goes: This song is dedicated to all the teachers who told me I would never amount to nothing. All right. What school district did Biggie Smalls go to school in? Because that is a horrible teacher. Let s forget about the double negative for a second and just get to the overall message. I can t imagine a worse thing a teacher could do than to go up to a… Well, outside of a Catholic school, outside of a Catholic school. I cannot imagine one worse thing a teacher could do than to go up to a kid and just be like, Hi, how are you? Oh, you re so cute. Did you know… that you will never amount to nothing? All right, enjoy kindergarten. Life is meaningless. That s a bad teacher. That s a really bad teacher. Here s the problem, though. That was not the only teacher who said that to him. Yeah. If that was the only teacher who said it, Biggie Smalls would not have said: To all the teachers who told me I would never amount to nothing. He would ve said, To the teacher who told me I would never amount to nothing. Or, To Mrs. Johnson, this fucking bitch. Wait till you hear what she did to me. He said To all the…  That means it wasn t even two teachers. If it was two, he would ve said both. He said, all.  To all the teachers who told me I would never amount to…  That means there were at least three different teachers… who went up to a young Biggie Smalls… just to be like, Excuse me. Excuse me, Mr. Smalls, um… We ve all been talking in the teacher s lounge. And we just want you to know, you re not gonna go anywhere in life. Yeah, rude. He was probably pretty upset by that. He was probably like, Why not? And they were probably like, Your grades are terrible. You re only good at poetry. What are you gonna do with that? Biggie Smalls didn t listen to them. He ignored them. He was able to overcome it and become probably one of the greatest rappers of all time. Yeah, he s not here. Don t worry about. Hmm. With that in mind… this set is dedicated… to the guidance counselors at the Hebrew Academy of Greater Washington… for always telling me to apply myself. Yeah, I also ignored them. And that s why Ari s not a lawyer. I was smart. When I was little, I was legitimately smart. I really was, I really was. And then I smoked pot, like, a couple times a day for 15 years, and, uh… And now I forgot to write the end of that joke. My friend told me… My friend broke up with his girlfriend. He told me he texted her like a week later. Texted her and told her that she needs to get tested for herpes. Yeah, and I was like, Dude, that s a phone call. I know we live in a texting society, but there s certain moments you gotta hear a voice. You know what I mean? You can t get some texts. You can t get a text that says, Come identify this body. You ll be like, New phone, who is this? I don t have you in my contacts. You know? There s certain moments where a text won t do. The STD call, that s one of those times. I get it. It s a hard phone call to make. I understand. I ve been there. I ve made that phone call. Yeah, it s difficult. You gotta do it. You gotta keep calling exes until you ve reached the head vampire. And then… And then you can stop calling. I hope you guys never have to make that call. I really do, I really do. But if you ever do, here s my suggestion. Make a fun game out of it. Yeah, entertain yourself, cause they re not gonna be entertained. So, someone may as well get some joy out of it. I called this woman. She was like: Ari, what s up? I haven t talked to you in two weeks. How are you? I m happy to hear from you. And I was like, Uh, don t be so excited. I was like, I ve got good news, and I ve got bad news. And she was like, Oh, fun. Okay. She was like, What s the good news? I was like, Well… the good news… is that… chlamydia… is one of the most easily curable diseases… that anyone could ever get. And she was like, Yeah, I mean, I guess that s good news. She was like, What s… What s the bad news? And I was like, Do you really not know what the bad news is? Think about it. You ll get it. No, I mean, I talked to my doctor. You will get it. There s no way around that. Get treated, not tested. For sure you have it. Has anybody in here ever had chlamydia before? By a round of applause. One guy. A few of you. Of course, Texas. Wait, is it just one person? I raised my hand twice. All right, you ve had it twice. I raised my hand twice. Well, you re the expert, man. I guess. You re the new expert. It s curable, right? – Yeah. – Yeah, it goes away. It obviously goes away. – Shot in the ass. – Shot in the ass. Well, they gave me pills. You might still have chlamydia. I don t know. But they gave me pills. Yeah, yeah, it s different ways to take it, for sure. You re all right. And then it goes away forever. Or until you fuck someone else with chlamydia. Then it s right back. – You gave it to them back? – It was the same person. – You gave it to her and she gave it back? – Yeah. Wow, such a family. You guys should get married. What a lovely, romantic story that is. It s antibiotics and it s gone. Sometimes they ll give pills. And if it s pills, it s either two days or four days or at maximum ten days of pills and then gone forever. It s the I ll let you off with a warning of STDs. Every patient whose doctor tells them they have chlamydia goes: Yes, officer, I ll never speed again. I apologize. It could ve been a lot worse. By the way, to catch you guys up, black people in here, when I say, I ll let you off with a warning, that s a white term. Uh… That s, uh… something that happens once in a while when a cop pulls you over and instead of, uh, giving you a ticket or shooting you, they ll be like, Ah, get out of here. It s awesome. White privilege, you guys, it s awesome. But at worst, ten days of pills, then gone. You can handle that, right? You could deal with that, too. Ten days of pills. You can say you lost your prescription, get double, put the rest in her drink. Never have to have that talk. Here s what it means for humanity. Here s what ten days of pills, then gone means for humanity. That means… if everyone in the world with chlamydia could just stop fucking for ten days… there would be no more chlamydia. But the people of Earth are like, Well, we don t accept those terms. That s just too difficult. We ll give you eight days and chance it. The best we can do for you. Ever think you have something cause you had sex once in the last three months, you got one itch and you re like: Yeah, I ve got everything that s ever existed. What s that itch about? What s that itch if I don t have everything? My dick s gonna fall off. Sucks. You self-diagnose. You ever do that? Where you re like, It s this or this. Never ask your guy friends, by the way. Never ask male friends for help on what it is. I was like, I got this like…  AIDS, you have AIDS for sure.  I haven t told you the symptoms,  I can look at you, AIDS-y. For sure you have AIDS. One time… One time, I thought I had herpes. I was positive I did. It was like ten years ago. I mean, I was sure. It was… Okay, it ended up being a cut on my dick. I ll tell you how I got it later, but… But I will tell you, if you Google-Image- Search the words cut on your dick … a lot of herpes pictures come up. So, I was positive I had it. I had to call this woman and be like, Hey, uh… bad news, bad news. Yeah, you got the worst one. And, uh, she was not happy about it. I went to a doctor to get tested and the doctor was like: No, you don t… You don t have herpes. And I was like, Are you sure? And he goes, I mean, you wanna do best two out of three? And I was like, Yeah, run it back, man. Run it back. He s like, You don t have herpes. I was like, What is it? And he goes, You have a tear of the penile membrane. Yeah, it sounds worse, right? I was like, What that s? What s a tear of the penile membrane? And he goes, It means you have a cut on your dick. I was like, How d I get a cut? He goes, I don t know. It s not my dick. That s not how this works. I m not a fortune teller. I just diagnose people. If you had a broken leg, I m not like, ‘Basketball? I just tell you it s broken. I m not a fucking wizard. I have no idea. I don t know how you think this works. What, have you been masturbating harder than normal? I don t know. I go, Same as always. He goes, Think about it. I was like, Okay. He goes, Sit here and think and I will be back in ten minutes. He visited other patients and came back, and goes: Did you figure it out? I was like, I think I did, man. I think I did. It was about a month before that. Yeah, right about when I noticed the cut. I had, uh… I had anal sex. Uh, giving. I wasn t taking it. I was like, I hate myself. Why do I always fall into these traps? Cut, cut, punish. Yeah, no, I was dishing it out, and, uh… I ask him Could it be that? He goes, Yes, absolutely, it could be that. I was like, All right. He goes, Did you use lubrication? Did you use lube? And I was like, No, I did not. Should I have? He goes, Yes, absolutely, you should ve used lube when you had anal sex. I said, Is that a medical thing? And he goes, No, I m just a guy and I m telling you. Don t stick your raw dick into someone s asshole, you fucking animal. The fuck is wrong with you? I knew that before medical school. Jesus Christ, dude. I was like, All right. So, he gave me some antiseptic cream, some Neosporin. He said, Put that on. I said, All right. He goes, That s not for lube. And I m like, I know it s not for lube. I didn t know. I didn t know. I thought it was. I really thought it was. I really did. I acted like I knew, but I didn t know. I thought he was just giving me like one dose of lube. I thought he was a cool doctor. I thought he was like, Next time, try that. I went home, you know, and I was all happy about it. No herpes. It was the first time in my life I didn t take for granted not having herpes. Every other moment, I never thought about it. We all take it for granted, right? Or three out of four of us take it for granted. The other one out of four s like, I remember when I didn t have herpes. Wish I still didn t have it. I was all happy. Everywhere I went it was like rose-colored glasses, you know? Everything bad that happened to me didn t really matter cause I didn t have herpes. I went to Star Wars Episode I first weekend, opening Saturday night. I was like, Two tickets to Star Wars. And they were like, Are you out of your mind? This has been sold out for four months. The guy s like, I m sorry. I m like, No big deal. I don t have herpes. I ll just go see The Notebook and still not have herpes. And then I realize I gotta call that woman back. There s someone that thinks they have herpes and doesn t, so, I had to call. Here s how she answered the phone when I called: What do you want? You know, she was still upset about the last conversation, you know? Didn t really go her way. I was like, Good news, I have good news.  What? I said, You don t have herpes. She was like, Really? I was like, I don t know. You might. I don t know who else you re fucking, but I for sure don t have it. She s like, What was it? I was like, Just a cut on my dick. And man, we laughed about that. I was like, I can t believe it. She goes, How d you cut your dick? I was like, Eh, don t worry about it. No big deal. I guess what happened was, the way the doctor explained it: you guys ever take a cork out of a bottle of wine? And if you don t take it straight out, but if you take it like a little bit at an angle, sometimes the cork can break. All right, I don t wanna get into specifics with you guys, but… Here s… Here s the one thing I came away with, that whole thing, that Neosporin would be the worst lube to use for anal sex. That s the only thing I took out of it. It d feel good while you re doing it. But here s the problem, when you re done, your butthole would just like… seal up. It would just heal away until you have no butthole. You d be buttless. You guys know how science works? Understand how science works? That s what would happen. You guys are gonna look up, Would Neosporin make your butthole go away? Trust me, you don t have to look it up. I ve been to a few countries this year, actually. I went to Amsterdam last year. You guys been there? Did you smoke pot? Did you smoke pot while you were there? What else are you gonna do, go to museums? Kill yourself. There s no reason to do that. You can see all of Van Gogh s works on the Internet. There s no reason to go to Amsterdam for that. But there s legal marijuana. Fully legal marijuana, yeah. Yeah, it s awesome. At coffee shops, right? They re called coffee shops. They serve coffee? Yeah, no, they don t serve coffee. That s the weird thing. I don t know why they re called coffee shops. I don t know where you buy coffee in Amsterdam, to be honest. Coffee might be illegal in Amsterdam. Maybe you gotta go to one of those fake L.A.-style doctors and be like, Doctor, I m having trouble waking up in the morning. Can I get some Ethiopian blend or something? What d you guys think of the weed? – Yes. – Yeah, oh, yeah. No, it was so-so, to be honest. Yeah. Oh, you re used to Texas fucking Odessa weed. That s the problem. The shit you bring in from Mexico. You re not supposed to sell weed by the brick. That s when you know it s bad weed. How many bricks do you want?  Bricks? What are you talking about? Eighths, man, eighths. It was good, but it just wasn t the best. It was like B-plus, A-minus weed. Yeah, and I smoke pot everywhere, you guys. I smoke pot all over the world. Yeah, that s what I do. That s how I prove I m a free American. Yeah. You know who has the worst weed? The worst weed in the world? Australia. By far the worst. I m telling you, I ve smoked everywhere. I smoked pot in the streets of Shanghai, where it s punishable by death. I was rolling a joint and my friend said, They ll fucking kill you. Are you crazy? And I was like, Well, now I need it more than ever. I m fucking nervous. My God, you turned this medicinal. It was crazy what you just did. I was in Australia and I was drinking. I had like two or three beers. Somebody said, Can I buy you a beer? I was like, I m getting drunk. And they were like, Oh, you fucking pussy. You can t handle your alcohol. Fucking pussy. They kept saying it and I said, Light up one of your dirt joints right now. And I will smoke this whole country under the table. I will go hit for hit with every citizen in Australia and I will bury all of you. Yeah, the Amsterdam weed was good, though. It just wasn t the best. My friend s like, You didn t try the right place. I m like, I tried all the places. I was very thorough in my investigation. Here s how I proved it. I went to every coffee shop. I strutted to the front and I was like: Hey, hey, hey, sell me your strongest weed or America wins again. But I wore, like, a cowboy hat and Confederate-flag suspenders, big Mickey Mouse belt buckle. Like, they hated me. They wanted to prove it, you know? This one guy went to a bottom drawer. Two guys had to turn a key at the same time. This drawer opens up and dry ice came out of it. And he held up this nug and he was like, Smoke that. It s the last of Hitler s reserves. If he didn t kill you, this will. I smoked. He s like, What do you think? And I was like, It ll do. You guys wanna hear the worst side effect of marijuana? Yeah, they don t tell you about this in the D.A.R.E. program. They always lie. All those outreach programs, they lie a bit to, like, try to convince kids, but kids see through it, so, then they, like, don t hear the message at all. They re like, If you smoke pot, you re gonna end up living in your grandmother s basement. I m always like, Uh, that s a wonderful thing to do. If you live and take care of your elderly grandmother, that s an amazing, charitable way to live your life. You re a way better person than me. That is not a side effect of marijuana. Absolutely not. Here s the worst side effect of marijuana. It s when you watch 44 minutes of an episode of Law and Order before you realize you ve seen it nine times before. That s real shit that could happen to you, and it s not a good feeling when you realize how many times you ve wasted that much time. If you re high when you re watching, it s more of a betrayal cause you get way into it. You know, I m always watching high, I m like, This fucking judge. He threw out the evidence. They re never gonna get this motherfucker now. He ll be on the beach with his wife sipping Mai Tais and laughing at the justice system. Oh, fuck, his wife tricks him. Goddamn it, I remember this. Did you go to the Anne Frank House in Amsterdam? – Yeah! – I went, too. I didn t know it was there. Yes. I mean, I knew if you quizzed me, but I didn t really know, you know? If you… I knew it was in Europe. Me and my friend were going to the Heineken factory. Heineken s based in Amsterdam. We were headed there and then we like walked by it, and I was like, Oh, fuck, the Anne Frank House. It was super easy to find. I do not know what took the Germans so long. It was fucking… It s fucking right there. They could not have been… They were not looking. For sure they were not looking. That is not the well-oiled machine they would have you believe. It was right on the waterfront. I mean, whatever, but… It was this house where Anne Frank lived for a little while. You guys, it s about to get so much worse, so… If you re gonna turn on me on that tagline of a joke, you re in for a bad seven minutes. I saw it and I told my friend, I think I gotta go in here. And he s like, To the Anne Frank House? He was like, Why? This seems like a downer. I m like, For sure it s gonna be a downer. I don t think there s any good rides at the Anne Frank House. Not like the Heineken factory. The Heineken factory has a Heineken boat. Yeah, and it goes down a river of Heineken through the whole warehouse. There s all these Heineken Oompa Loompas that cheer at you the whole time. Then you find out they re not Oompa Loompas. They re children with fetal alcohol syndrome. Yeah. They were yelling, My mom drank beer! And you re like, She sure did, sport. She sure did. What are you, 32 now? That s great. Give me a high-two with that claw, all right. My friend was like, Why do you have to go in the Anne Frank House? I m like, I m a Jew, and I don t think I m allowed to not to go to the Anne Frank House. And he was like, Well, I m not a Jew, and I don t wanna go with you. I m like, Yeah, you re making the right decision. So, we split up. He went to Heineken, I went to Anne Frank. First we had lunch. Right next to the Anne Frank House there s this restaurant with really good grilled cheese. Yeah. No joke, just… You don t have to go to the Anne Frank House, but like right next to the Anne Frank House, check it out. It s like Anne Frank, right there. It was awesome. It was probably the best grilled-cheese sandwich I ve ever had. It has five different kinds of cheeses. Mashed tomato. Honestly, guys, do yourself a favor. Check out that grilled-cheese place. Then I went to the Anne Frank house. It was this two-hour tour. They take you through the whole thing. All the floors and rooms. And, uh, he was right. It was a downer. It was not a fun experience in any way. Every time I go to museums like that, I think it s not gonna get me. Then it does. It always fucking gets me. When I got back to my place in New York, I kept thinking about Anne Frank. I kept thinking about the Anne Frank House and the way she lived, and the more I thought about it, the more I realized… I can already tell you guys are not gonna go with me on this. Anne Frank didn t live that bad, you guys. You weren t there. I was there. Don t believe what the media tells you. It wasn t that bad at all. Here s how I know: I got my first place in New York, an apartment in New York. And a girl at the time came over, and she s like: Give me the tour of your place. That s normal. I was like, Sure. Okay, well… uh… Uh, all right. Well, there s the kitchen. It s pretty much just part of this room, but… That s where the fridge and the stove are, so, we call that wall the kitchen. Uh, couch is over there. You might see it as a bed, but it s daytime right now, so, it s called a couch this hour. Bathroom s there. If you want to brush your teeth, I suggest sliding the shower door open so you can get full extension. Otherwise you re gonna have to brush like that. That s your choice. However you want to play that. And, uh… Yeah. That s it. Ta-da. That s the tour. The Anne Frank tour took two hours. She lived so much better than I live. Plus that grilled-cheese place next door? That had to come in handy. During the Holocaust? That s comfort food, you guys. What better time for comfort food than the Holocaust? She was probably there every day. Every night. Probably every night. Probably not a daytime order for Anne Frank. She was probably like: Give me a grilled cheese. Come on, hurry up. It s grilled enough. Let s go. They d be like, Is that to go?  To go, every time! I cannot eat here. Hurry up! I like to imagine Anne Frank getting upstairs going, Oh, phew, with, like, her bag of grilled cheese. Her friends are like, You brought grilled cheese? And she d be like, Oh, did you guys…? Did you want some? You should have said something. I would have brought you some. What did you eat instead? Oh. Wallpaper glue? Again? They had tater tots. You should have said something. I d have totally gotten you some. I can t wait for my father to hate that joke. I ve been to a bunch of places this year. I went to Thailand last year, too. Last April. A year ago in April I went to Thailand. It was fun. You guys ever been there? A couple of you? It s cheap. It s third world. I mean, it s so cheap, you guys. You ever go to a country and do conversion math in your head? Like their currency to dollars? I was doing that. I was buying a beer in Thailand, and I was trying to figure out how much it was in dollars. My friend was like, It s free. Everything here is free. You hand them some orange money and they give you beers for five weeks until you leave. And they build a statue in your honor. Everything s such… And you can bargain, too. Craziest thing. You can bargain over almost anything. I went to buy a shirt once, this shirt I liked, and I asked how much it cost. It was 200 baht. That s their currency. B-A-H-T. But he didn t tell me 200 baht. He took out a calculator, and he typed 200 on the calculator, and then he handed me the calculator. And I took it, and I was like… I was like, Why are we involving this? Are you trying to show me where all the calculators went? I was like, Are we bargaining? So, I just tried something. I was like, I don t know. So, I typed, Minus 125… equals… and then I handed him back the calculator. And he took it and he was like, Puh. He was like, Plus 90. And he gave it back to me. I was like, Minus 70, and I gave it back to him. We keep going back and forth like that. That s what you do. That s what you do. Until you get some number you can t live with. You re like, I ll walk. I ll walk the fuck out of here right now. If you think I m going 1 baht over 150, you re out of your goddamn mind! Then he s like, Fine, 150 baht.  That s right, motherfucker. I m no sucker. And then you realize you ve been bargaining for ten minutes over 31 cents. Yeah. Thirty-one cents, which he could have used to feed his family on for four days. But you re like, Not my problem. First world. This one s tough. I, uh… I think I m a homophobe, you guys. Yeah. I don t want to be homophobic, but I think I am. My gay friend accused me of being homophobic. Gay Andrew, we call him. That s not why. That s got nothing to do with this. He signed off on that nickname. We had two Andrews in my dorm. We had to separate them somehow. So, it was Gay Andrew and Straight Andrew. Or if you got to know them, if you were in the crew, Gandrew and Strandrew. You know what was worse? We had three different guys from China in my dorm named Wei. W-E-I. You know what we called them? Wei One, Wei Two, and Wei Three. Wei Three hated it. He hated it. Like, Why do I gotta be Wei Three?  Shut up, Wei Three! You asshole. Come on, Wei One. I m sorry you had to hear that. Gandrew and Strandrew, and this happened, like… three years after college. We were all at a bar. We were drinking. It was 11:00. We left this bar. What should we do next? And so, Gandrew s like: You know what we should do now? I was like, What? He goes, Let s go to my place. We can totally fuck. It s like, Wait, what? Did you just try to slip in a fuck? And he s like, Did you notice? Like, Yes, I noticed. Absolutely, but I ll tell you: Even if I didn t notice now, I would have noticed later, when you tried to fuck. He was like, I ll never stop trying.  That s fine. I don t care. At that point, he d been hitting on me for five years. All through college and then some. I didn t mind, you know? It s flattering, and I m stronger than him, so, who cares? You know? It s all the benefit, none of the danger. But he was getting mad, you guys. He was mad. When you hit on someone for five years and don t get anywhere, it s frustrating. I ve never… I can t imagine being in that situation. Not get anywhere. And he lost it that night. Couldn t take it anymore. He just goes, Ari. Just right at me: Why won t you fuck me? Yeah, just blatant like that. Jesus Christ. Is that what women deal with all the time? Like, Why won t you fuck me? And I was like, ‘Cause I m not gay. I m telling you, if a gay guy s hitting on you and you tell him you re not gay, that is not a good enough answer for a gay man. You d think that d end the argument. It does not. It only changes it slightly. He goes, How do you know? Like he s gonna outthink me right there on the spot. He s gonna logic his way into my asshole. I was like, Is that really a question? How do I know? How do I know I m not gay? I don t know, man. I guess I ve always sort of suspected. Is that the answer? I remember when I was young, like 13, I remember seeing a love scene in a movie. I remember looking at the woman the whole time. And right there I was like, ‘Oh, fuck, maybe. Later, I remember, the Sports Illustrated swimsuit issue came to my house. Before anybody else got it, I took it to my room. And I masturbated to it. Until I came. And that was my second clue. After a while I just came to terms with it. I just realized who I was. And I told everybody in my life. I told my mom, my dad. I sat them all down. I was like, ‘Guys, I m… I m a heterosexual. To be honest, Gandrew, everybody s been cool about it. You re the only one giving me a hard time. Everybody else knows I was born this way. It s not a choice or a decision. They ve all been very respectful of who I am, except for you. Then he goes, Okay, that s fair. That s fair. You re right. My bad. But he wasn t done trying. He was like, How about this? He goes, Let s go back to my place…  Andrew, come on.  No, just hear me out. Just wait, okay? It s okay, shh, it s okay. We ll just go back to my place, and I ll just blow you. And I was like, No. And man, he could not accept that at all. He was like, You won t even let me blow you? Are you kidding? You aren t gonna let me blow you? And I was like, No. And he was like, Why?! And I m like, ‘Cause I m not attracted to men. He goes, Yeah, but, Ari, I ve seen a lot of the women you ve hooked up with. And you re not attracted to a lot of them either. I was like, Well, touché, Gandrew. Touché. I get too drunk. It happens. Absolutely. And he goes, So, shall we fuck? And I m like, No. We shall n t. He goes, That s cause you re homophobic. I m like, What? I m homophobic cause I won t let you fuck me? And he goes, No, no. You re homophobic cause you won t let me blow you. I was like, Please explain. And he goes, Okay. Sure. He asks me some questions. He goes, Do you like blow jobs? I was like, Yes. I do. I ve always… My entire career, I ve always voted pro-blow job. I m like Bernie Sanders and Ron Paul. Down the middle. Never waffled on the main issues. Always voted yes on Prop Beej. Yeah. And he s like, Great. Okay. Well, I enjoy giving them. I was like, So? He goes, So, you want something, and I have that thing. I was like, I don t understand. He goes, Let s say you wanted a Kit-Kat. You didn t have any Kit-Kats. You re like, ‘I wish I could get a Kit-Kat but it s so late and no stores are open. There s no place to get a Kit-Kat. What am I gonna do? Your old buddy Gandrew shows up, and he s got a knapsack full of Kit-Kats, and he s just looking to give one out. ‘Take one. ‘No. I don t want to. ‘Take one. I love giving them out. It gives me some weird gratification to hand out a Kit-Kat.  He goes, You know what you do?  What?  You take a Kit-Kat. You probably take a couple. You d get annoying. Next time I saw you, you d be like: ‘Hey, can I get another Kit-Kat? I d be like, ‘We don t have time. ‘Let s go to the back and get one Kit-Kat. I don t see what the difference is.  He goes, You know why? ‘Cause there s no social stigma on a fucking Kit-Kat. And I m like, So, I m a homophobe because I won t let you blow me? He goes, Yeah, that s right. You are. And I was like: I gotta think about this, man. I don t know. What you re saying makes sense. I don t want to be homophobic. I was a fucking liberal arts major. I can t be homophobic, but I think I am. I think I am. I ve never let a dude blow me. I ve never fucked a dude. It s stuck in my head. That was 15 years ago, and it s stuck in the back of my head. Every few months I d think about it. Not all the time, but gay marriage would come up as a topic. Everyone would weigh in. I m like, Homophobe. You can t talk. Oh, yeah. I can t be part of this dialogue. Yeah, it bothered me for so long. I mean, I ve stuck my dick in horrible places. Just horrible. But never a man. And I mean horrible. I mean, like, I fucked a couch before. Yeah. You know whose couch? Worst person possible. My Mommy and Daddy s couch. Yeah, the blue one in the living room. I went in there between Seat Cushion 2 and 3. I would get in there and I would just fucking… Just: I would hold the cushion tight so it would feel better. I would hook my ankle in the other one, like… And bring it in. That s how I d get off to that swimsuit issue. I d fucking look at Rachel Hunter, and I m like: Do you know how good it felt to fuck that couch as a 15-year-old? Do you know how…? Awful, you guys. It felt awful. It would chafe my dick. You re not supposed to fuck couches. You know that? They re not for fucking. They re for sitting on. Yeah. Maybe that should be on a Snapple bottle. The original function of a couch was not for 15-year-olds to explore themselves. They re just for sitting on. Yeah, it would chafe my dick almost to the point of bleeding. Yeah. Maybe that s how I got the cut on my dick. Maybe that was it. Maybe that s the original wound. It took me like a week to heal. You know what I did as soon as I was done? Yeah, I was right back in there. You thought I was gone? I ll never be gone. I own you. You re mine. I ve fucked a couch and I ve never fucked a man. I was like, Maybe I m a homophobe. Maybe it s true. I always thought, like, no, I wasn t attracted to a man. But maybe I m wrong. And then, last April… I took that trip to Thailand. Some of you are ahead of me. I haven t gotten there yet, you guys. My friends all asked me the same question when I got back. None of them asked me about the food, the amazing cuisine. None of them asked me about the temples every four blocks. The only question they had: Ari, did you fuck a ladyboy? That s all they wanted to know. And I was going to, you guys. I was for real. That was the plan. That was the plan. Do you guys know what a ladyboy is? – Yes. – Okay. If you don t, it s a transsexual. But it s better than that. It s regional. They dominate. They re like the best of the best. The Thai ladyboy is like the 92 Dream Team of transsexuals. Yeah, and just like the 92 Dream Team, only one out of 12 of them have AIDS. Oh! What are you guys, Magic fans? Relax. And I was going to. I was for real going to. I was gonna fuck a ladyboy. Because no, guys, I m not attracted to men. I m not. But I am attracted to hot-looking women who happen to have one weird detail about them. That s a whole different thing. And they are hot. They re hot, you guys. They re hot. From behind, you can t tell. From behind, they re like petite. They re like 5 3"… Asian men, but they re, like, small. They wear black miniskirt dresses, so, their asses and legs look good. They ve got long, straight Asian hair. The kind Jewish women buy. You know? You come up behind them like, Goddamn, she s hot as fuck. Who s that? And then you look in front, they got breast implants, and they tuck their dicks with, like, industrial-grade jockstraps. The best of the best. And you look at them from below the Adam s apple down, and you re like, She s so hot. So is she. Then you look up. You re like, Hello, sir. Gentlemen. Fellas. How you guys doing? What s up, bro? Dude? Yeah, the people who say they re tens definitely fucked a ladyboy. And I wanted to, you guys. Why not? What better place to dip my toe into the waters of homosexuality just to see how it feels, you know what I mean? You don t want your first gay experience when you re wondering whether you should… You don t want your first experience to be some buff dude who comes in like, I m gonna tear that ass apart!  I m out, I m out, I m out. I can t do it. I thought I could. I apologize. I ll pay for dinner. Get an appetizer. I apologize. I can t do this. You gotta start small and work your way up. The ladyboy, you know? It s like the marijuana of gay. And why not Thailand? Why not? They don t talk a lot of English. They have a low Facebook presence. What better place? If I could do it, if I could fuck one ladyboy, I could prove to myself that I wasn t a homophobe. You know? Once and for all. I just wasn t attracted to Gay Andrew. Ladyboys are different. I was like, I m gonna do this. If I can do it, I can do all the stuff that I want to do in the world. You know what I want to do? I m gonna open myself up. I wanted to get five to come with me to a Thai kickboxing fight. They re like 15 bucks for the whole day. For 75 dollars, you can get five of them. I was gonna get a mink coat and walk in like this: First I had to get my dick wet. You know, so, I went into one of the massage parlors. They all start crowding around me. Like, Ladies, ladies, fellas, whatever, back off, give me some room here. Let me breathe. This is my first time. I m not a regular. So, they all moved away. Super respectful. There s 40 of them in there. Two of them were legitimately hot. Two of them… Nobody could tell. Any guy here would buy them multiple drinks to try to get with them. So fucking hot. And then there was a third one that was, like, way older. You know, she was like a ladyman. She had gray chest hair in her bikini top. It was unsettling. I was like, Hang up the jockstrap. Your career s over. So, one of the hot hot ones saw me looking at her, so, she comes over, she takes my hand, she starts leading me back. I m like, Oh, fuck, I m doing this. I m doing this. This is happening. We go to the back, through this curtain. My heart s beating out of my chest. I was so nervous. We start going up these steps. I went up two steps and my whole body just kind of stopped. I just seized up. She looked back like, What s the matter? And I was like: I m homophobic. Fuck. For sure, yeah. I m a homophobe. She s like, You re not attracted?  I m super attracted. You re hot as fuck. But I can t do it. Then she was like, What s a homophobe? I m like, how do you explain to a ladyboy hooker in Thailand what homophobia is? It s such an open society. And I was like, All right well, let me try, I guess. A homophobe is like, imagine if you gave somebody a hamburger, and they were eating it, and halfway through, you were like, ‘Actually, just so you know, it s a veggie burger. Then imagine they started spitting out what they had in their mouth. And they re wiping their tongue with a napkin, and maybe they start punching the burger cause they re so mad at it, and they tell it, ‘If you tell anybody this, I ll kill you. And then they hung themselves. They couldn t live with eating a veggie burger. I m like, That s a homophobe. I m like, You look exactly like a hamburger, and I bet you taste and smell just like one, too, but deep in my heart, I know you re a veggie burger, and something s not letting me eat it. And that is homophobia. Yeah. And then she goes, Well, I don t understand. Do you like blow jobs?  Yes, I like blow jobs. Why does everybody ask me this? Of course I like blow jobs. Do I have a no-blow-job-liking face? What is this question? She was like, I m really good at them. I m like, Yeah, I mean, you ve gone pro, obviously. I don t know what your world ranking is, but it s a testimony to your skill level. So, I left. And I deal with it now. I m a homophobe. My friends are like, No, just cause you wouldn t fuck a ladyboy hooker in Thailand that does not make you homophobic. But I disagree, you guys. I think it does. Like, you guys, Austin, Texas, you re not homophobic, right? Austin, Texas. The rest of Texas I m sure is. Probably most of you aren t homophobic. You aren t. You re not. Would you fuck a ladyboy? No? It s okay. – I got a girl. – You ve got a girl. Fine. But let s say she died in a horrible car accident. And you wanted to console yourself in the arms of a beautiful ladyboy woman. I think that s probably everybody s answer. Probably. Like, not fuck a ladyboy, also not homophobic. But let me ask you all a question. And actually, I ll just ask you three in particular. This is a question for every guy in here to think about. Would you rather fuck a ladyboy or… a sheep? You re thinking about it! It s human! The answer is human! You would fuck our species over any other species! Homophobe, homophobe, homophobe, homophobe! I know. It got me, too. That s the only reason I know it s a hard question. Somebody asked me. I was like, What s the sheep doing? Just walking by? Is it, like, looking at me all weird? It s not a talking sheep, right, doesn t know my friends? Homophobe! Thank you very much, everybody. You guys have been tremendous. What a fucking pleasure to play here. Have a good night, everybody. Thank you very much.

DANA CARVEY@STRAIGHT WHITE MALE, 60@2016@Thank you. Man! Let s talk about the phenomenon that is Donald Trump. People angry already. What? I ll kill you!  Donald Trump, okay? Donald Trump, all right? I do him a little effeminate. I don t know why. I just do him, like, a little soft, little bit of lotion, little bit of ChapStick. I just do, you know. I mean, he s got his patented moves. You know, he s got the seal. That s one of his, the seal. Okay, okay, okay, okay. The index shuffle. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. He s like a Batman villain if you think about it, isn t he? You ll never get away with this, Trump.  You know… I think I will, okay? The thing of 2016 was that he took out Jeb Bush. He took him out. The Bushes, they re tough, man. They re like the Sons of Katie Elder. Boomer reference. They re pissed, you know, cause Trump took him down so fast. He just went, You know, you know, you know, Jeb, you re a low-energy individual, okay? You re very tired. You re very tired. You re very, very tired. You re tired… tired… tired. And I looked at Jeb Bush, and I thought, My God, he s right! He looks like a vice principal of a junior high school. ‘Cause Bush family… But you gotta admit how fun to put W, not Jeb but W, up against Trump. ‘Cause W… W is like… He s kinda like a street fighter. He s kinda… You know, he s kinda just itchy and kinda jumpy. Yeah. He s the only president who was, like, surfing and hitchhiking the entire time. I would love to see him up against Trump, cause Trump would be like, You know, you re president because your daddy was president. That s it. Okay? Okay? Okay? W would be like… Yeah. Who does your hair? Stupidcuts? ‘Cause that thing is hair-diculous. An impression can be anything, in my mind. And that s my impression… my impression of W. Kinda like a drunk marionette. The thing about Trump, though, if you agree with him, you might kinda like him on certain subjects, cause he s such a blunt force instrument. Like, who else would you want, if he was afraid of global warming at a global warming conference, than Trump? ‘Cause he would be like, You know… you know, you re stupid countries. You re very stupid. You re stupid, stupid countries. You re a disaster. You re a disaster. You re spewing stuff in the air. It s a disaster. It s a disaster. You re a stupid, stupid disaster. The whole planet s getting hot. Even the grass is hot. Ouch, ouch, ouch, ouch, ouch, ouch… I will be so good with global warming. I will be so, so good with global warming. I will make CO2 pay for it. I promise you that. I know how to make glaciers. I know how to make glaciers. I can make a lot of glaciers, okay? I will take all the ice from the Trump Hotels… It s a lot of ice. I can promise you that. I will put it on the Carnival cruise ships. They re friends of mine. I know these people. It s a trip, man. Hillary and Bill. Hillary and Bill. What a story. I feel like Bill s got a headset. He s got a microphone behind the scenes. Big Dog to Little Hill. Big Dog to Little Hill. Come in, Little Hill. Big Dog to Little Hill. Come on, baby. Come on. Come in, Big Dog, Little Hill. Big Dog, Little Hill. Baby, you gotta slow down. You gotta slow down. You can t emphasize things that don t need emphasizing, baby. Now, take it easy. Here it comes. Just do it real soft-like, okay? And Hillary s like… We will do the things that we need to do until we don t do them… because we don t need to do them anymore.  No, baby. No, baby. Ain t working. Slow down, peaches and cream. It s just so much stuff out there. Obama… Obama was the best I d seen, politically, of creating gravitas all the time because he would pause. He would just take his time, and it made you lean in. I mean, I could listen to him do nursery rhymes, and it would have gravitas with the way he can talk. He d be like… ‘Jack and Jill went up the hill… …to fetch a pail of water. Jack fell down and broke his crown. That s a teachable moment.  ‘Three blind mice. Three blind mice. Chase a farmer s wife or cut off their tail with a knife. The question you gotta ask yourself, ‘Why are these mice blind in the first place? What kind of healthcare program have they got?  Harvard intellectual, big vocabulary. ‘Cause in a way, Bush gave birth to Obama, cause Bush, for eight years, is just hearing this… And then it was just refreshing, that baritone. This is what we re prepared to do. That s the truth. No, no. No, no. No, no. That s not right. Nope. Never. That s… what… we re gonna… It s just a pleasant sound. But to try to hear Obama figure out the complexity in the Middle East, it s very tough, even for him. It s like, What we re continuing to do in terms of the caliphate, what… what our partners, our coalition, strategically, with air strikes, no boots on the ground, our intelligence, what we, the… What our… The northern… The Syrian rebels with a general, um… The effort… the effort to defeat ISIS, ISIL, Daesh, with the… The Ottoman Empire with the Turks. The Peshmerga with Netanyahu and Hamas, in terms of… The proxy war, Khomeini with the Saudis and the… The Shia, the Sunni, Putin and Assad. It s fucked up.  It s a shitstorm. Notice how anybody and everybody is now Hitler? You noticed that? They called Obama Hitler. They called Trump Hitler. They called Bush Hitler, you know. And Hitler s a fascinating guy. There s only one Hitler. And Hitler always was animated and loud, when you d see him in news reels. He s like… No human being can sustain that. So, I often thought that Hitler would be just exhausted backstage. You know, so tired he s almost effeminate. And he s like really manipulative, like any man or woman of power. He d be like… Himmler. Himmler, my little SS man. So stealthy, so secretive. Everyone loves your haircut, but we don t know who your barber is. You complete me, Himmler. Sometimes we re at a meeting, and there is an awkward silence, ‘What are we going to do with all these Jews? And then you say, ‘How about build more camps? And I say, ‘What he said. Send in Göring. Hello, Göring, my chubby, little Luftwaffe man. You re tubby, aren t you? Don t shame yourself. In the future, scientists will probably determine that you have a genetic predisposition to crave processed carbohydrates, that s all. I have one cookie, I put it down. You have one cookie, your brain throws a party, you want 100 cookies. Goebbels and I laugh a lot, we see you at a party. ‘Look at tubby. He s dive-bombing a cookie. All I m saying is, don t blitzkrieg cinnamon toast. You re husky, but you re my husky, General. And now I m going to take a nap. I don t have a final line for this bit, but that s all I m saying right now. Speaking of Bernie Sanders… You gotta love Bernie. You gotta love Bernie. Bernie is what he is, what he is, what he is. I mean, the energy he s got. This is the Bernie Sanders phenomenon distilled for you. This is my impression. What I m prepared to do… What I m prepared to do… I will find people with money. I will take their money… and give it to people that don t have money. He s like a sleepwalking Frankenstein. I will find a rich prick. You look like a rich prick. I will take your money and give it to the poor bastard sitting next to you. I don t know, to me… I m a boomer, but to me, you know, capitalism is an Apple Store. Socialism is the Department of Motor Vehicles. And I love them Department of Motor Vehicles. Sweaty, pissed-off workers that can t get fired, just yelling. And they laugh at you. You got in the wrong line, you fucking idiot. Then you go to an Apple Store. It s like a Stanley Kubrick film. Welcome to the Apple Store. Do you like all of our beautiful toys? Are you in the market for a 2017 fully-loaded MacBook Pro with, wait for it, 264 gigabytes of storage? Or would you like to visit the Genius Bar for some mental stimulation? I personally like making money in a capitalist country and then going to a socialist country. I love Italy. I love Italy because… too much pressure in America, man. You gotta do… Keep up with everybody. But in Italy, they don t care what you make for a living. You re just a person. Relax. Have a glass of wine. It s Italy, all right? Yeah, you make a little love. You have a little wine. It s all right. Here, have some wine.  It s 7:00 a.m.  Like I said, here we go. Let s be honest. We re never going to have a space program.  Why go to the moon when you can sing to the moon? ? Oh, my moon ? ? We re never going to go to you ? ? Because to go to you ? ? Would be way too much work ? I feel income inequality on airplanes, man. ‘Cause I have extra money, I get to ride in the pointy part of the airplane, and you just feel like a rich prick. You re up there. You ve got your New York Times and your champagne, a big leather seat, and then… and then they arrive. The lost masses coming through the porthole. Just hundreds of them, like refugees with carry-on the size of their bodies. Go! Go! Little girls will come up and just stare at me. Mothers with six kids. Why can t we stay here, Mommy?  ‘Cause they don t want us here. Get back in the shitty seats.  Why do they get to stay up here?  ‘Cause they don t pay their fair share of taxes. There s eight of us and 300 of them. It s the most unequal thing in the world. That s why I like Aer Lingus, cause they just… this Irish airways. They re very equal in Ireland. First class and coach, it s almost identical. Just slightly bigger seat. They come on, Well, if you think you re a little bit full of yourself, I have the discretion to put you back in the tiny seats at any time. Have you ever gone on Aer Lingus? Ever heard of Aer Lingus? This Irish… It s very cool. Why anybody would name their airline Aer Lingus, I can t fathom. Sounds vaguely pornographic, doesn t it? Welcome to Aer Lingus, where you get a little something extra with your ticket. You go in, it s very humble. There s just benches. Here s some yarn. Strap yourself in. Here s a shot of whiskey and a potato. See you in Dublin. And like I said, I don t like to fly. We re out on the tarmac. I was flying with my wife s aunt and uncle from Ireland, and I asked, Who does the maintenance on this? And she was very Irish Catholic. She goes, I think Jesus can do the maintenance just fine. And Jesus said unto his disciples, ‘Righty tighty, lefty loosey.  So, it was cool in the beginning, then we hit some wicked turbulence. The pilot comes on, Well, this is Captain Patrick O Shaughnessy. As you can see, ladies and gents, the angels and demons are having a bit of a tussle tonight. We suggest you sit back and relax and have a few pints of Guinness like we do up here in the cockpit. There s nothing like five, six, seven pints of Guinness to make all these knobs, dials and switches mean something to us in the pointy part of the aeroplane. If you check under your seat, you ll see you have an individual keg of Guinness beer. In the unlikely event your keg loses pressure, a little yellow straw will come down from the ceiling. Be sure your straw is free-flowing with Guinness for yourself before you assist your child, infant, or toddler with their Guinness.  There s nothing like a few pints of Guinness for a newborn to build the bones. So, we re back there, drinking our free Guinnesses. He comes back, like, 45 minutes later. This is Captain Paddy O Shaughnessy.  Oh, yes! Thank… thank God. Thank God and Jesus himself for the little button I like to call autopilot. Do you ever wonder how this big gob of steel gets up in the first place? Every time she lifts off the tarmac, I say a little prayer to myself, ‘Fly, fucker, fly! ? Oh, Danny Boy Oh, Danny Boy ? My copilot Danny O Sullivan passed out 19 minutes ago. He had a bite of a five-leaf hallucinogenic clover. The last thing he said before he passed out was, ‘My God, I can fly! I ll leave you with a little joke, ladies and gentiles, before we land in Dublin. Two Irishmen walk out of a bar. It could happen. So… Thank you. I m so glad that my sons are in their 20s now, because they are nightmares when they re teenagers. ‘Cause teenagers are literally insane, and their plans are insane, and you have to hear them out as the parent, cause you want to say no right away. But literally, when they were teenagers, I d hear stuff like, Uh, we re gonna drive to Lake Tahoe tonight.  Really? When are you leaving?  We re gonna leave at 3:30 in the morning.  Who s driving?  Eduardo.  Who s that?  He s a substitute teacher at Drake High School.  How many are going?  There ll be 19 of us in his Cadillac Eldorado. I m gonna ride in the trunk. We re gonna drive for 13 hours, snowboard for 11 minutes and ride back. So, as a parent, you have to say no, and then they walk off with that teenage walk, and under their breath they go, Bunch of fucking bullshit. You know that walk? In Montana, they call it all hat and no cattle.  Bunch of fucking bullshit. This person has no 401, no property ownership. Just… Bunch of fucking bullshit, man. There s so much attitude, there s almost no forward motion. They can t even go forward. I just love the sound of that teenage, Bunch of fucking bullshit. It s like it s its own language. Never take teenage boys to Europe. It s a waste of time and money. Don t do it. They don t care about a statue of David. I thought it was gorgeous. They just laughed for two hours. Look at his balls. I thought it was a work of art. One thing that was funny. We went to Italy, and my wife studied Italian for a year, so she could speak and everything. So, I m in the gym, and I m on the treadmill. And when it went faster, it said, Difficoltà. And I thought, I can speak Italian if I add a vowel and cop an attitude. So, we re in Lake Como… I know. We were there waiting for the boat to come, whatever, the ferry. My wife s trying to figure out how to ask when it s gonna arrive, and I just leaned in and went, Arrivi de boate? And it worked! I was our interpreter for a week. It was like… When you go on Lake Como, every boat driver goes, You like to see George Clooney s house? They re obsessed with George Clooney. Pictures in every restaurant of George. So, after the tenth time, I just yelled at the guy, Sicke of de Clooney. I heard him, under his breath, go, Bunch of fucking bullshit. We went to Rome, okay? So, Rome is unbelievable. We were in the Roman Colosseum, and my wife and I are having the time of our life. It s history. It s Rome. My God! My son, 18 at the time, no exaggeration, literally said this. Uh… Is this pretty much all we re gonna do today? I said, Yeah, pretty much.  Bunch of fucking bullshit. I kinda love that attitude. There s a rhythm to that. When I heard it, I thought, I m gonna use that as a catchphrase.  Bunch of fucking bullshit. And I tried to give it to my son, cause he s a stand-up comedian. He s the one who said it. He goes, It doesn t sound funny to me. I would use it in real life. The IRS tries to audit you, Bunch of fucking bullshit. Doin a different son. Are those millennials arriving? Anyone? Millennials? Yeah. All right. Under 35? Yeah. Awesome. Look at you. She s gorgeous. Wow! Young, pretty. Look at these millennials. Coming in late, man. Hitting the bar kinda hard. They ll hold the seats. You re like superheroes. Enjoy your youth, man. Touch your toes. Never take a nap. Pound those drinks. Wake up fresh. You guys are not gonna mess up your life like the baby boomers. We were way too ambitious, man. Millennials, you re not gonna mess up your life. You re gonna work small, live small. Smart. Smart. Have some roommates. Maybe own a bike. You guys don t even need cars. We had to get cars to be cool. You re just gonna Uber it up. You re so brilliant at some things. I mean, millennials are just so fast with their fingers, and they can Call of Duty and Skype and text. But you re completely crippled when it comes to basic things. ‘Cause your parents are always right there, and they re the experts. Typical millennial kid will go, Uh, Mom? Uh… we don t have any heat in our apartment. And the mom goes, You should probably call your landlord. Millennial kid, Uh… I m not real good at calling landlords. Could you do it? And we do. We do call the landlord, because we don t want them to be sad. Most photographed generation in history, you millennial. Thousands and thousands of pictures with your obsessed parents. I m a baby boomer. I have one picture of my childhood. One blurry, black and white photo the size of a postage stamp. I can t… I can t tell if I m smiling or shitting my pants. And the parents are obsessed. God, just please, parents, holster your phone. I don t wanna see pictures of your kids. Come on, you re out to dinner with baby boomer parents. Have you seen Benjamin? I don t give a fuck about Benjamin. I don t care. Millennials. How old are you, ma am? Twenty-nine. Wow. Sweet spot. Well… And I m a lascivious old man. I just mean women underestimate their beauty. Your skin is perfect, the neck… I mean, everything has just arrived basically. It s great. You re sexy. You re sexy. I know that you got Pornhub, whatever you ve got, but you re not as sexy as a mature woman. I have friends now who are dating women in their early 20s. They re in their 50s. And… …there s just no there, there. I m sorry. Just from my point of view. ‘Cause we re out at a restaurant, this woman goes, Oh, my God, the dragon rolls are so good here. I m obsessed with these dragon rolls. I go, What about global poverty?  What? Young women don t really know what to do with their body like a mature woman, who s had children, and she s in her 50s. A young woman is like, Oh, my God, what are you trying to do to me? Older woman is like, Oh, my God. What are you trying to do to me? Sex gets good in your 50s, doesn t it? Look at these smiling seniors. Look at these Can t make a baby, some pills, some ointments, some light stretching. Oh, my God! Oh, my God, that s… Whoa, whoa! Oh, yeah, you got it all going on. Yeehaw! Yeah! Who knew? The thing about it, though, is that, you know… the divorce rate for men and women in their 50s has quadrupled. Quadrupled in the last decade. You know why? Because science will not let us die. Okay, think about it. Okay. You re sitting there, you re with someone for 25 years, you re in your 50s, and at one point, even in the best marriage, you re thinking… Three more decades? Really? With this bag of nothing? Three more decades of watching him drool in his sleep? Three more decades of her going, I m kind of gassy today. Even in the best marriage, at one point, you look over and go… Not my best choice. I don t wanna bum you out, but it s true. I m heavily medicated right now. I don t know about you guys. Don t you love the pharmacy? Don t you love the social dynamic of the pharmacy? I just love it. You go in there. Everyone s uptight. You know the pharmacist in the white lab, he s dipping into whatever they got back there. And there s always an old guy off to the side who s clearly been there all day. Did my doctor call? Did my doctor call? They always know his name cause he s there so… No, Bill, he didn t call. Try the blood pressure machine again. That s always fun. When it s packed on a Friday afternoon, man, it s intense. And you re supposed to stay behind the privacy barrier, so you can t hear what they re getting. Don t you wanna know what they re getting? Did you ever do an I Love Lucy, where you just kind of creep up and look around? What do they need to get through life? I hate it when you get a pissed-off, sweaty, drugged-out pharmacist on a Friday afternoon. The whole place is packed. He starts yelling out. You can hear what people are getting. It s embarrassing. We got a pick up. I can t make out the name here. Pick up Zoloft, Imodium and Ambien, anybody? Pick up Zoloft, Imodium and Ambien, anybody? I need a nutball with diarrhea who can t sleep. Come on up! You sleepless, diarrhetic nutball! And then the guy has to do the walk of shame in front of everybody. Pick up Crestor and Plavix. I need a heart attack waiting to happen. Come on! Everyone just thinking, Which ones am I taking?  Propecia, Adderall and Cialis. Pick up, I can t make it out, Propecia, Adderall and Cialis. I need a cue ball who s too distracted to know he can t get an erection. Come on up! Is it me or does it seem like the pharmaceutical companies are just making up diseases so they can sell us drugs? I mean, you watch TV and it s just so weird. I m waiting for, Does your tongue seem smaller than it used to be? You may be suffering from Tiny Tongue Syndrome. Has the cat got your tongue? Afraid to eat ice cream in public? Introducing all-new Tenultra. Most patients experience some tongue growth in as little as four to six weeks. Get back in the game. Call your doctor. Get Tenultra!  Thank you, Tenultra. Thank you. Because of you, my tongue is almost normal size.  Side effects include elongated torso, thick, matted stomach hair, and sudden anal closure. Now, here s a little, what I call, TED Talk with jokes section. ‘Cause if I don t got wisdom, I got nothing. I m a straight, white male, 60 years of age. Yeah, I know. Straight, white male. So people think I m racist, sexist, xenophobic, homophobic, Islamophobic and misogynistic. Pretty much me. I m not a part of a particularly popular group of people right now. I totally understand. My ancestors did some nasty shit. I mean, these white guys, they raped and pilfered and plundered and enslaved, and conquered nations and ruined the environment. But you gotta admit, they were busy. I was raised Lutheran, by the way. I don t know if you guys are hardcore Irish Catholics or whatever here. I was Lutheran. Lutheran s pretty cool, cause we re not really hardcore. It s kind of casual. I mean, you knew that no one in the church really believed that much. Even our hymns were agnostic. It ll be like… ? I ll believe if you ll believe ? ? I ll believe if you ll believe ? ? On Sunday, I believe By Wednesday, I have doubts ? ? But by Sunday, I believe again ? ? Oh, if you believe, I ll believe Oh, yay! ? ? Jesus, son of God or just a nice guy? ? Don t get me wrong. I love Jesus. My wife s Irish Catholic. I love Jesus. But Jesus was never the father to a teenage boy. That would have challenged even Jesus. I am the light. I am the way.  No, you re not. Why do you walk around with your palms like that, all out? It looks really stupid.  Spread the gospel, my son.  Uh, I m not real good at spreading the gospel. Could you do it? And Jesus was… He drank. But how much did Jesus drink? Do you ever wonder? Did he ever put his hand over his goblet and go, I m good. I am good ? Is it possible Jesus was a highly functioning alcoholic? You know, Mark says to Matthew, Healed the leper, but he was lit. We can t send him to rehab. He can turn water into wine. Jesus! The other night at dinner, he says, ‘One of you will betray me. Classic alcoholic behavior. Last week, he said he wanted to walk on water. We gathered everyone around. He was so shit-faced, he just floated on his back for a half hour. If God had made four sons, could Jesus have opted out on the messiah thing? Dad, I don t really feel like being the messiah. Can t Doug do it? Then those exorcist movies would be like, The power of Doug compels you. The power of Doug compels you. I love faith, but I think it s good to have some doubts, so you don t do crazy shit. I mean, I think what America needs, we need an ISIS guy with doubts. You know, just a guy sitting there… Buckner… I don t know, Buckner. You know, sometimes things pop into my head. I don t really know. You know, the whole, you know, if I put on a suicide vest, go boom, then I wake up and there are 72 virgins. It s just so specific. But I m sure it s totally true. I m sure. I don t… I m just saying ideas pop in my head, like, maybe women could drive. I don t know. Crazy. What if occasionally I had a beer? Would that be terrible? I mean, sometimes I think these things. I don t know, Buckner. Why can t the women… I love the way we dress. We cover them, the little eyes and everything, but maybe they could wear a nice pair of Levi s and a little halter top from the Gap or something.  I mean, do we really have to kill the nonbelievers? Couldn t we really just get them in a headlock and go, ‘You better… ? There s so much darkness in the world. I think we re being hypnotized into darkness with these machines. I mean, my parents would get the darkest news, but they were getting it in the 1930s and 1940s. They would hear newsreels. And they were playful and kind of fun, no matter how dark it was. You d be watching a movie, and before the movie, they d come on, they d be like, News out of 1945 in the Pacific Theater. Ladies and gentlemen, as the Empire of Japan has officially refused to surrender, America says, ‘No go, Tokyo. Say hello to Fat Man and Little Boy. 20,000 tons of TNT. Sayonara. I mean, when I first thought of this, I thought of the Bruce Jenner/Caitlyn Jenner thing. I m friends with Bruce Jenner. I ve not met Caitlyn. I m sure she s really cool. I personally don t care what anyone does. Transgender, gay, I don t care what anyone wants to do. I mean, I have a friend who s trans-bestial. He s becoming a cat. I don t care. But I thought that should ve been more playful. It was so heavy. He s becoming a woman. Oh, my God! It should have just been like, And Olympic gold medalist, Bruce Jenner, has announced today that he would like to become a she. And guess what, she s gorgeous. And when I thought of that, I called my friend, Jon Lovitz, because it sounded like Jon. And I said, Jon, I just thought of a bit. I want to give it to you. And I told him, and he laughed. And I go, Jon, you can have it. He paused and went, I ll write my own material. But there s really only two kinds of people in the world, there s the decent and the indecent. I do think that order matters. And I think that Cosby‘s mistake… Yeah. Cosby did things out of order. That s all. He did it out of order. If he had consensual sex with a woman, and then gave her an Ambien, no problem. If he gets off and tries it again, it ll never work. Everybody knows. But if he s 90, demented, he ll still try. So, I got to put the pill in the bitty, and I touch the titty?  No, Bill. Nothing s gonna happen.  But I take the pill, and I put it in the bitty, and I touch the titty?  Not gonna happen, Bill. I m sorry, Mr. Cosby. No.  But I did the bitty, did the titty… Sometimes, I ll see stuff that inspires me to do a bit. And I watched this documentary about China. Now, I don t know if it s me, but they always seem so depressed. Have you noticed, when they have the interpreter, it s kinda like, what you hear is… I live in a village of 90 million people.  We all work in the same factory.  All we make are buttons. That s all we make.  Oprah Winfrey says, ‘God has a plan for everybody.  My dream as a child was to play the cello.  But the People s Republic of China said, ‘Dreams are for sleeping.  Five kilometers south is the village of Xinhua.  It s a village of 490 million people.  All they make are shoestrings. That s all they make.  This bit s going over better than I thought it would.  I live on the 620th floor of an apartment building.  If the elevators break, it can take two months to get out of the building.  Sometimes, I camp out on the 300th floor.  I now have a girlfriend.  She works in a toothbrush factory.  All they make are toothbrushes. That s all they make.  She lost her hands in a toothbrush-related accident.  I told her what Oprah said, and she said she wanted to flip Oprah off, but she didn t have the fingers to do it.  I haven t lost my sense of humor.  My favorite comedian is the American Donald Trump. I come from a pretty modest background. We were five kids in our family, 1,200 square feet, one bathroom… We were the kind of family where the syrup bottle always had ants on it. No one ever knew where the hammer was. Where s the hammer? Anyone know where the hammer is? Has anyone seen the hammer? My… This is an imperfect impression of my dad, last time I talked politics with him. Okay? Oh, I can t talk politics with you, because you don t know shit. He s one of those dads you could never show weakness. I can t find my car keys.  I always know where my car keys are. I keep em in my pocket, you little shit!  I m cold.  I m never cold, cause I dress in layers! I don t know about old guys. When they turn 70, they just start wearing bright pastel colors. They look like the Joker. He came out in a pink shirt and yellow pants. You re wearing yellow pants.  They re canary! These old men and their cars, man. They have so much ego about gas mileage. He goes, I get 25 miles to the gallon in my Buick. I go, I get 28 in my Pilot.  Oh, bullshit! I showed him a computer when he was 75. He goes, Oh, computer is a waste of time. Stupid. If you get a computer, you re just on the computer all day, God damn it. Were there people like that throughout history? Like, The printing press. Who needs it? Jesus Christ! In the Stone Age, The wheel! What s the wheel for? If the pharaoh needs a ride, we ll just carry him on his throne, you big dummies! I was able to help him out and give him extra money. I m happy to do that. But when he got older, he forgot my name. And so, he just called me Money. He d go to my siblings, Have you seen Money? They d go, Dana?  Who the hell is Dana? We need some money! From Money! Five kids. Wild, crazy family. My brother, Brad, who I based Garth on, was one of my older brothers. And Garth is completely Brad. And the thing about Brad was, he was a science kid. So, this is a true story again. I found a dead frog. I was, like, nine years old. And I thought it was dead. I brought it to Brad. He attaches it to two D-cell batteries, right? And I m looking at the frog. And I go, Brad… the eye. His eye is opening. And Brad said, quote, just like this, no exaggeration, Yeah. I brought him back to life. He ll never die again. When I did the movie, I got severe TMJ. And I went to the dentist, and she goes, You ve got TMJ. And I go, Yeah, it hurts here. And she goes, What have you been doing? And I say, Well, I ve been making this face all summer long. She says, You ve got to stop doing that. I said, Not for what they re paying me, bitch! In my childhood, I was a dishwasher. I was a busboy. We called ourselves Table Maintenance Personnel Managers. And I was a waiter. And what was cool was I waited on my heroes. I waited on George Carlin and Richard Pryor. Isn t that weird? I waited… I brought George Carlin a bowl of oatmeal. And I put it in front of him, and he goes, Oatmeal. Drop the ‘O, and you have ‘atmeal.  Wow. That s just… And then, I gave Richard Pryor a Denver omelet. And afterwards, I ll never forget it, he goes, Whoever made this omelet can suck my dick! And I never knew if that was a positive or a negative. I always wondered. I end up in a movie with Richard Pryor, 12 years later, called Moving. Honor. I m there with Richard, and I had to know. So, I took a bite of a cheeseburger, and I said, Man, this is delicious. Whoever made this cheeseburger can suck my dick. And he goes, Man, you must love that cheeseburger! I ll tell you, when I was raising the kids, I did a lot of stand-up. This is a true story about Microsoft. They asked me to do the Church Lady with Microsoft. And… with the dress. I said, I don t sell out that character. I don t do that. They told me what they were gonna pay me. I said, I ll get the bitch s dress on right now. And I m in this giant arena, with Bill Gates, in the dress. Ten thousand Microsoft nerds, and they revere Bill Gates. He s next to me. He s got the thing… Okay. Here we go… And they re leaning in, intense. The nerds are like, Come on, get him, Bill. They re gonna do a funny skit. And I just start to ad-lib. I go… Well, well, well, Mr. Bill Gates. We like ourselves, don t we? Apparently, we made a deal with the devil. The devil said we can have $50 billion, but we have to go through life looking like a turtle. The air got sucked out of the room. That was not a good move. Bill Gates decides to ad-lib. I m not a turtle! And I just think I m on a roll. Well, well, well, there we go. We like ourselves. We make a lot of money and feel a little superior. And it s just getting quieter and quieter. I just couldn t read the room. I m into the character. We made Windows, didn t we? So we can creep up to the window at night and look at the fornicators. So, it s getting weirdly dark in there. I go, Let s do a superior dance. In the middle of the skit, he goes, No, thank you. Goodbye. I walk backstage. It s a disaster. It s like Lord of the Rings intensity back there. I m surrounded by Microsoft nerds, and they re like, Oh, my God. You made fun of the precious. I raised the kids. I took a little bit of time off from show business. And I wanted to be there for em, you know, cause show business could just take your whole life and time. There was this famous New York actor who was gone so much, his kid was raised by a British nanny, that the kid developed a British accent. And I always wonder what that phone call would be, calling home… Hey, this is Johnny Stompanato. Is Johnny Stompanato Jr. there?  Hello, Daddy! So glad to hear your voice. It gives me goose pimples.  Is your mother there?  Mommy went to Barcelona with our gardener, Antonio.  Who s watching out for you?  Edwina. She s my nanny. She s from jolly old London. We re going to have a sudsy tub soon.  Yeah. Okay. Is your little brother Danny there?  Yes. Yes, Danny s here, but he s with his nanny.  Danny s got his own nanny? Who s Danny s nanny?  Danny s nanny is the actor Michael Caine.  What the freak? Danny!  Hello, Daddy. My name is Danny Stompanato Jr. So good to hear your voice, Father.  Danny, how old are you?  I m four years old. Today, my nanny, Michael Caine, took me to the beach, and we made sand castles. And then the waves came, and they took the sand castles away.  Yeah, waves will do shit like that to sand and whatnot.  And then, we went to the park. And my nanny, Michael Caine, pushed me on the swing. And he pushed me higher and higher, and I went so high, I thought I was gonna go right over the bloody top!  Yeah, I m sorry I haven t been around. I ve been doing a lot of motion pictures.  That s okay, Daddy. But come home soon, so when I come off the playground, I see my father, and not Academy Award-winning actor Michael Caine.  Hey, is your little brother Johnny there?  Johnny s with his nanny.  Johnny s got his own nanny? Who s Johnny s nanny?  Liam Neeson.  Johnny?  Now you listen to me, Father. I have skills I ve acquired, skills that make me a nightmare for an absentee parent such as yourself. If you come home now and bring me a stuffed animal, no harm will come to you.  What kind of stuffed animal?  I like hippopotamuses. Would you like to hear a joke, Father?  Yeah, sure. What the fuck? What? What joke?  Knock, knock.  Who s there?  Father.  Father who?  Exactly. Now get on home, you motherfucker! This is something I just like to do. I hope you find it amusing. I love the movie Scarface so much. And um… All right, this is my fantasy of Tony Montana, Al Pacino, having Thanksgiving dinner. Okay. Thanksgiving. Pass the sweet potatoes. Pass the sweet potatoes! You know I like… You know I like the sweet potatoes. But I look around the table, I don t see no sweet potatoes. I see a turkey. I see a green bean. But I don t see no sweet potatoes. Where the sweet potato with the marshmallows toasted on top? I don t see it. I know who took the sweet potato. I know who ate the sweet potato. It s that fat bitch over there. Grandma!  Oh, yeah! You don t think I see you, man? I see you all the time. I look at you. I look at you. All the time, I watch you, man. You eat. You like to eat, huh? You like to eat? You like to eat? You gotta eat. You like to eat. All right. I m at a party. They got a bowl of candy corn. They got a bowl of candy corn. I go to get a candy corn. There s no goddamn candy corn. ‘Cause you ate all the candy corn. Okay? I look at you. I look at you, man. I see you. I see you eating. A carrot cake, all right? I look for a piece of carrot cake. ‘Cause there s no candy corn. So, I go for a carrot cake. You ate all the goddamn carrot cake. I look at you, man. I look at you all the time, man. At Christmastime. You got a chocolate. You want to get a chocolate out of a box. You pick a chocolate up. You stick your thumb in the back. You get a coconut. You put it right back in the goddamn box. I go to get a chocolate, it s like a goddamn war zone, man, with all the diggin in the back. ‘Cause you don t check the guide. You got a Whitman s Sampler. You got a Whitman s Sampler. In the lid. In the lid. You got a guide. You got a guide. You got a guide. It tells you what a candy is. It tells you what a candy is. But you don t check the guide. You don t check the guide. You just… It s corresponding. Okay? You want a Turtle? You want a chocolate with a nut, called a Turtle? Or a Almond Roca or whatever? You can see with the guide. It say on the lid. But you don t check the guide. You never check the guide. And you eat all my goddamn candied yams, you son of a bitch! That just… That ll never go on the special. Thank you. So last year, which I found very interesting, being a huge Beatles fan, Paul McCartney. Paul McCartney made a song with Kanye West. Okay? And everyone said, Hey, he s got his new partner. He s got his new John Lennon. And I thought, I don t know. Well, it s not that heavy. But, for me, I wanted Paul to talk to John about it. So that was my flight of fancy. John, from Heaven, talking to Paul. Hello, Paul. Paul, this is John. I heard you made a song with Kanye West.  Yeah, John. I did. I did. I made a little song with Kanye West, you know? You know, I had a little keyboard. You know? And I sat down for a pluckety-doo, you know. And I was plonking away with him. And he started hummy-talky-singy, you know. And the next thing I know, we had a real toe-tapper.  Well, what are his lyrics about? What does he write about?  Well, he s, you know… He s a good guy, you know. It s like, he writes things, sort of, like, about how great he is. He s, like, what we used to call a chest-thumper, you know? He s a chest-thumper, you know. Remember when you said we were as popular as Jesus? He thinks he is Jesus.  Well, does he have a woman that inspires him, Paul?  Oh, yeah. He…  Oh, yeah. He s got a terrific gal by the name of Kim Kardashian, you know.  What does she do?  Well, really, she s a nice gal. What she does when she s working is she takes pictures of her bottom.  Pictures of her bottom?  Yeah, that s her job, you know. Her job. She takes pictures of her bottom.  Well, does she do it with, a Polaroid camera?  No, John. In the future, everybody s got a baby television in their pocket. And it s got a little camera on it. So when she s at a hotel or somewhere, she may say, ‘It s time to go working. So she sticks her fanny out, and she takes her baby television…  What s so special about her bottom?  Well, John, it s not a normal bottom. It s a prominent bum. It s a bottom 2.0. It s like, God made a fanny and attached a person as an afterthought.  So, that s what she does?  Yeah, the whole family does it. They re all… They re all taking pictures of their bottoms with their baby television. They all do it. One gentleman got so frustrated, he became a woman.  Well, what does she do with the cameras? Does she put em in magazines?  No, she posts the pictures.  Oh, on a bulletin board?  No… No, John. She posts them on a thing called Facebook.  Well, what s Facebook?  Well, Facebook, John, is a place where you share your life with the world. Like, say you re in a restaurant, and you have a particularly nice ham sandwich…  You take out your baby television, and you take a picture. And you send it to all the other baby televisions all over the world. And people can look at your ham sandwich. And if they like it, they press a button on the little baby television. And if you get 100 likes, you re floating on air for a day or two.  Well, that s… That s amazing, Paul.  Well, sometimes, you get haters and trolls.  How can you hate a ham sandwich?  You d be surprised, John. You know, not enough lettuce, too much cheese. You know, the normal things.  Do they remember us, Paul?  Oh, they do, John. They really do remember us, you know. After the year 2000, we outsold everyone except Eminem.  We got outsold by a candy?  It s a long story, John.  Did we ever get ownership of our music back, Paul?  Not exactly. No. Michael Jackson bought our music.  Really?  Yeah, you may have seen him up there.  I haven t seen him up here.  Well, he s changed a little bit, John.  I did see a white woman trying to teach Liz Taylor the moonwalk the other day. Thank you, guys. You ve been awesome. Thank you.

BRIAN REGAN@NUNCHUCKS AND FLAMETHROWERS@2017@[audience cheering] [announcer] Ladies and gentlemen… please welcome Brian Regan! [cheering and applause] Thank you. Thank you very much, everybody. Thank you. All right. I think we re done with the hour. I am very honored by that. That means a lot. Thank you very much everybody. [cheering and applause] Well, it was my New Year s resolution to lose 15 pounds this year. I ve only got 25 pounds to go. [audience laughing] Little by little. [audience laughing] I gained ten pounds just for that joke. That s how dedicated I am. I learned there are milestones in putting on a few pounds. Little moments where you go, Hey, that was new. It used to be I d put on my underwear, and that was it. I d just get on with my day. You put on a few pounds, put on your underwear, you bend over, and your waistband flips down. [audience laughing] You stand back up, and it flaps back into place… with an awkward little snap: [mimics snapping sound] Whoa. That hurt and felt nice. [audience laughing] Then you put on a few more pounds, you bend over, your waistband flips down. And when you stand back up, it doesn t flap back into place. [audience laughing] Hey, where was the awkward little snap? I hit a brand-new milestone. The other day, I put on my underwear, I didn t even have to bend over. My waistband just flipped down. [audience laughing] I think. I m at the point I have to ask, Is my underwear on? [audience laughing] How would I know? You get compliments when you put on weight. I had a woman come up to me after a show, and she said, You are so smart to wear vertical stripes. [audience laughing] Yeah. Thank you. That s very cagy how you threw a cloak over an insult with a compliment. That s like saying, You are so gracious not to show your ugly face in public. [audience laughing] Have you heard? People think I m smart and gracious. Somebody told me TV adds ten pounds. I didn t believe it till I was watching this nature show about ants, and I was like: -Wow! -[audience laughing] Those things look like they weigh 10.0001 pounds. I immediately called the exterminator. I m trying, man. I have a trainer, a woman. We play tennis. She beats me every time. A couple of weeks ago, I beat her for the first time, she didn t say anything, I thought that was weird. I didn t wanna say something, I beat you! It s okay. We put the rackets away, she says, My husband and I have an announcement to make. And I m like, What s that? She goes, I m five months pregnant. [audience laughing] So, I beat a pregnant woman at tennis. [audience laughing] I beat the both of you. Neither of you could handle this action. Tennis is weird. The scoring system per game in tennis is mathematically ludicrous. It doesn t make even a little bit of sense. First of all, there s no zero. If you don t have any points, you have to say love. If you don t say it like that, your opponent gets upset. - How many points you have, Brian? - Um, I think you know. I ve never touched the ball ever. I have zero.  You have love. [gasps] It don t feel like it. [audience laughing] Why do you say it like that? You don t say it with other things, like your checking account. Oh, no. [audience laughing] I ve got love. Be careful. That s the smart part of the scoring system. If you get your first shot in, he ll go, You got 15.  No, that s not possible. We just arrived. You get the next shot in, you get another 15, to a total of 30. Oh, okay. I got it. Say no more. But you get the next shot in, you get ten points… to a total of 40. No explanation as to why this ratio… is any different from the first two volleys. Ten, so say the random gods. I award ten at this juncture for no apparent reason. [audience laughing] If both of you have 40, that s deuce, which I thought meant two. If you get the winning shot, there s not a point value. He ll just go, Game. [audience laughing] How many points did I get?  Game. What are you worried about points for? I thought we were keeping a ridiculous tally. Ah. All that mental gymnastics is out the window. Love, 15, 30, 40. Game. How come somebody didn t go to that first meeting, that first scoring system meeting? Um… [audience laughing] I know I m late… [audience laughing] and I hope I m not out of line. I see all that trigonometry you have on the board. And I can only imagine you ve already discussed this, but… instead of that, why not zero, one, two, three, four? [chuckles] Okay, Charlie. You hear Charlie s idea? Charlie thinks little numbers… is better than love, 15, 30, 40, deuce, my ad, 30, 50, your ad. He thinks little numbers is better than all that. Another thing I don t like about tennis. Why are you allowed two tries for every single serve? You get a mulligan every serve? Give me the ball back, I hit it into the net. Give me the ball.  I get a point?  No, we re playing the most lenient game in the history of sports. I can make error after error after error after error and still be in this game. Give me the ball. Give me the ball. The hell? Can you imagine seeing that in other sports? A quarterback looking at a defensive back with a football? Give me the ball back. Where do you think you re going with that? Bring me the ball back. I did not wanna throw that interception. [yelling] Give me the ball back. Give me the ball back. So, why in tennis do they allow that? That encourages people who play three times in their whole life. They know every first shot is a freebie, so they try to land some rocket… that don t have a chance in hell of ever touching down on the planet Earth. [mimics ball bouncing] [whooshing] [yells] They hit some shooting star across the street. It lands on the roof of some warehouse. [audience laughing] They know the next one has to get in, so they morph into a complete different player. Boink. [audience laughing] Wanna explain what that first scud was all about?  We got three balls in the can. Relax.  You see little Wimbledon boys running these down? If it goes over the fence, I m not gonna get it.  Ball s over the fence, Brian. He s like, How many do we have left?  Love. [audience laughing] Let s get out of here. [cheering and applause] There have been changes in our country since last time. [audience laughing] I don t know if anybody saw that blurb in the newspaper, but… I believe there s a new president. I ve never been more afraid to bring up a subject in my life. [audience laughing] Not politically, socially, you know? Just going to barbecues. Are we gonna be talking politics or having fun? [audience laughing] I wanna play horseshoes. I don t wanna be yelled at. I just saw the Hatfields and McCoys peel out. Couldn t take the tension.  Calm down. No matter what a president does, somebody s unhappy. There s controversy about every decision. Like whether we should put boots on the ground in the Mideast. Some say yes, some say no. I think when you hear that term, boots on the ground, you assume that means soldiers in those boots. I say we drop a bunch of boots on them. [audience laughing] Planeload after planeload. Just keep shoving boots out. They won t know what hit them. Like: What is with all these boots on the ground? Just keep dropping our best boots till they re up to their neck. There s too many boots on the ground! You ever try to be evil up to your neck in boots? It s practically impossible. Problem solved. Speaking of problems… I read this headline. This blew me away. Apparently, the Israelis and Palestinians are not getting along. [audience laughing] When did that happen? I go on a short vacation… I don t know how they ll solve the issues. They tried violence. Hasn t worked. Nothing s worked. But you know what they haven t tried? And I think it s worth a shot. They haven t tried a good dad. ‘Cause a good dad can solve a problem in 30 seconds. I say we send a good dad over there. What in the hell is going on over here? [audience laughing] Well, he started it.  No, he started it.  I don t care who started it. Knock it off! [cheering and applause] Why are you fighting anyway?  Well, this is mine.  No, it s mine.  How about if it was neither of yours? [audience laughing] How about if I took it away from both of you? Figure out how to share it, say you love each other, sleep. We ll have a fantastic day tomorrow. [cheering and applause] If that doesn t work, I have a proposal. They should make a rule that you can no longer answer a question with a question. ‘Cause that leads nowhere. That s how they answer everything about that conflict. Should you guys be shooting rockets?  Should they be building settlements? [audience laughing] Whose was this 100 years ago?  Whose was this 1000 years ago? [cheering and applause] All great questions. Now that I know it s okay to answer a question with a question, I ll use that the next time a cop pulls me over. [audience laughing] Do you know how fast you were going?  Do you know why you like eating donuts? [audience laughing] Looks like we re at a stalemate. [audience laughing] Hey, this is cool. Kim Jong-un is one of my Facebook friends. I couldn t believe it. [audience laughing] He s always liking my stuff. Hey, I like that. Thanks, Kim Jong-un. I read recently, absolute truth, they said Kim Jong-un is considering outlawing sarcasm in North Korea. Wow. I wonder if he proposed that and one of his generals said, Oh, yeah. That ll work. [audience laughing] I don t understand North Korea s public relations program. They keep releasing pictures of Kim Jong-un looking through binoculars. Is that supposed to intimidate us? Listen, if you can see your enemy through binoculars… you ve already lost. [audience laughing] I ve been watching these senate hearings. Those things are bizarre. The way they talk to each other at that level is so strange. At our level, if we don t like somebody, we say like, Hey, I don t like you. At that level, they re nice for four minutes, and on the fifth minute, they kick them in the teeth. First, I wanna thank you for coming and answering our questions. On a personal note, I had the pleasure of working with you on the Arms Services Committee. You care about your constituents. On the education bill, you did a lot of work. I know you care about charities, and that s to be commended. Why do you lie, cheat and steal? [audience laughing] I went to one city council meeting. Man, was I disappointed. These people wanted to build a building that was higher than what the law allowed. So, I didn t know why there was a meeting. [audience laughing] Can I go to a city council meeting, Um, I m tired of stopping at red lights ? [audience laughing] Yet there was a meeting to discuss this. The guy representing the building said, Here s the deal. The law right now is a building cannot be any taller than 30 feet. But my clients wanna build a building that s 700 feet. [audience laughing] So, clearly, we need to compromise. I have a proposal for a 657-foot building. City council just approved this thing. And everybody left. I wish I had done this. I wish I d have said, Excuse me. Before we wrap up, I have a final proposal for the city council. Right now the law is I m not allowed to rob any liquor stores. [audience laughing] But I wanna rob a hundred liquor stores. So, clearly, we need to compromise. I have a list of 50 liquor stores. I love doing this, man. I get to travel. I was just in Atlanta. Went to a Braves game. You know the controversy about team nicknames and mascots and stuff? It was weird. I was in the stands at the Braves game, everybody was going: [chanting] [panting while chanting] A bunch of overweight white people: Give me another Big Gulp! And a third footlong. Should we be doing this? This feels inappropriate somehow. I don t think they meant anything by it, but… same thing when I was in Toronto at the Blue Jays game and… their fans were going: -[mimics bird chirping] -[audience laughing] I don t think they meant anything by it. They were playing the Orioles. [audience laughing] It was fan chirp-off night. [mimics birds chirping] It was getting ugly. [audience laughing] If a player makes a good play, he ll often jump up and yell, That s what I m talking about! I m not good with impressions. [audience laughing] They ll yell, That s what I m talking about! Well, how do I know? I think they should be required to show the proof. Say they make a catch in the end zone and yell, That s what I m talking about. They should whip out an iPad. In fact, this is me from an interview just last evening.  Tomorrow, it s gonna be important for us to get into field position. The defensive back on me is one of the best players in the league. It ll be challenging for me to get open. In the last two minutes, I ll make a nice head fake, get open in the end zone. Throw will not be good. I ll have to grab it, keep my feet in balance to make the go-ahead touchdown.  See? That s what I was talking about! [cheering and applause] You know what kills me? Postgame press conferences. They still haven t learned you need to put a microphone on the people asking the questions. [audience laughing] This drives me crazy. You have the table, you have the coach or the athlete sitting at the table behind a microphone. So, they know about microphones. [audience laughing] You re at home watching this waste of time. [speaking muffled gibberish] Uh, that was a coaching decision. [audience laughing] [continues speaking gibberish] Uh, three, maybe four. [audience laughing] [continues speaking gibberish] Definitely. [audience laughing] Complete waste of everybody s time. Waste of everybody s time. Wasting everybody s time. So, if I was the athlete, I would give ridiculous answers. Nothing makes any sense anyway. Might as well have fun with it. [continues speaking gibberish] Probably pterodactyls. [audience laughing] Makes as much sense as what they re doing now. They do that at police press conferences. When you need to hear what s happening cause something s going down, no one has figured out you need to mic the people asking the questions. It blows my mind. You turn on your TV, the police chief s there. He s sweating. You re like, What s happening? This is what you re taking in at home: [speaking gibberish] We don t know how they re all escaping. [audience laughing] [continues speaking gibberish] Uh… Nunchucks and flamethrowers. [audience laughing] [continues speaking gibberish] We think they re hiding in that neighborhood. [audience laughing] [cheers and applause] I m not making that up out of thin air. Watch a press conference. That s what you ll get. Talking about sports. My favorite sport– Everybody s favorite sport. –is cigarette boat racing. [audience laughing] Our national pastime. I was watching sports highlights, and they showed a cigarette boat flying across the water, and then all of a sudden, it did this business. And I m thinking, what happens in the captain s mind at that moment? Okay. We ll have a bad day now. [audience laughing] Three backflips, hit the water and exploded into nothing but flotsam and jetsam. And I swear the sportscaster said, The driver suffered a broken toe. I could understand him saying, All they could find was the driver s toe. [audience laughing] And it was broken. And they put it in a splint and helicopter it off to a trauma center. Here he is. Where should we put Cap n Crunch? He broke his toe. How do you break your toe cigarette boat racing? What, was he flipping in midair? Oh, no. I m gonna get wet. Let me see if it s gonna be cold. [screams] [audience laughing] [screams] He goes to parties with his toe bandaged. Cigarette boat racing?  You know it. [audience laughing] You wanna initial my cast? I saw another thing on the sports highlights. At some basketball game, at halftime, they brought a fan down to the half-court line and he made a half-court shot, and the crowd went nuts. And I was like, Wow, what was the prize? And they said the prize was Tater Tots1 for life. [audience laughing] That s a prize? That s a curse. [audience laughing] I would have missed on purpose. What happens if this goes in?  Tater Tots for life. [audience laughing] Who wants to deal with that for the rest of their life? You d be answering Tater Tot questions 30 years from now. Are you that Tater Tot guy? You made that Tater Tot shot, didn t you? Do you still like Tater Tots? Do you eat Tater Tots every day? If you don t feel like it, can you pretend you re ordering Tater Tots for yourself, and slide them to your friend or do they monitor that? How? They give you a card? They click it like a dozen-donut thing? You like talking about this on your deathbed? [audience laughing] Listen. I don t wanna sound like I m bragging… but I m gonna put this out there. I have enough money… to buy Tater Tots… [audience laughing] for the rest… of my life. [cheers and applause] I got that kind of coin. Sure, I m lucky. I can surround myself with financial advisers. We spent a month crunching the numbers, looking at spreadsheets, comparing data, analyzing algorithms. It turns out you need $64. [audience laughing] Our national pastime is baseball. I like baseball. I like the home plate umpire job. They call balls and strikes, which I think are equally important to the game. So, why is an umpire s reaction to a ball or a strike so markedly different? When it s a strike, an umpire lets everybody know. But when it s a ball, sometimes an umpire don t do nothing. I d feel bad if I was a pitcher, and I put all kinds of effort into my pitch, and an umpire just went: [audience laughing] Not gonna waste my time with this nonsense. But when it s a strike: [screaming] [audience laughing] Are you open to suggestions? Why not split the difference in those reactions? ‘Cause when it was a ball, I didn t know anything had even transpired. And when it was a strike, I thought your chest might explode. [audience laughing] It s a hard job. You have a lot of close plays at the plate. It s why I think the home plate umpire should be allowed one shrug per game. Use it whenever you need it. [makes whooshing sound] [audience laughing] I don t know. Cloud of dust and a heigh-ho. What do you want? [audience laughing] You think I saw something in that billow you didn t? I don t know why players argue with umpires. Every game you ll see a player argue with an umpire. And I ve never seen an umpire change his mind ever. So, why would you waste your time? Has that ever worked? Ever see a guy sliding into home? You re out!  You re crazy, man! He missed the tag! I had my hand–  Okay, okay. Safe. [audience laughing] Ah! I don t like conflict. I tend to shy away from that. Go ahead. Give him a run. No, it s okay. I didn t know about the yelling. It s okay. Give it to him. Baseball has interesting traditions. Why do baseball coaches wear uniforms? What s going on? You imagine a hockey coach on the sidelines… [audience laughing] wearing full goalie gear? Give it your all, fellas.  Who s the guy in the goalie mask? So, why is it normal in baseball? They look silly, especially the ones who put on a few pounds. Sitting in the dugout. Pinstripes this far apart. [audience laughing] Looks like somebody made a jailbreak out of his torso. I think I might pinch-run today. No, I ll just sit here and eat Funyuns2. My dad coached me in Little League baseball. He coached all eight of us and worked a full-time job. Wonderful man. So is my mom. [audience laughing] My mom is one of the most wonderful men that I ve ever– Wonderful people. Guess what joke s gonna be fixed. [audience laughing] Maybe– Maybe that s it. Maybe I don t know how to say anything sincere. My mom is a wonderful man. Okay, Chuckles. No. My mom and dad are wonderful. They re both around. We re very fortunate. They re both funny. My dad has an interesting sense of humor. Very dry, yet silly simultaneously. He says silly, nonsensical things with a straight face. If you laugh, great. If you don t laugh, he enjoys that more. [audience laughing] He says things like biddlyumbombowayday. Don t try to make sense of it. We d be in a restaurant, waitress would go, Do you want appetizers?  Biddlyumbombowayday. [audience laughing] What are you doing, Dad?  Just having fun. [audience laughing] How is that fun for her? Another thing he says beck beck beckedebang. Means nothing. Especially to the cop that pulled us over. [audience laughing] Coming back from a family picnic. Can I see your license and registration sir?  Beck beck beckedebang. We re in the back of the station wagon, Daddy s going to jail. [audience laughing] We love that about him. Still do. But now he s at a time in his life where they try to figure out what level of care he needs. And this is how he s talking… [audience laughing] to medical professionals. And it s getting murky. I was with him, and the doctor walked in, How you doing, Walt? And he said, Biddlyumbombowayday. [audience laughing] I had to be the interpreter. Oh, fantastic. He s doing great. He wouldn t say that unless he s was doing great. Doctor s looking at me like, Okay. You ve been taking your medications?  Beck beck beckedebang. [audience laughing] Oh, you know he s taking them. He d never say that unless he s on meds. [audience laughing] I tried to call him the other day. My sister was with him, so I called her cell phone. I said, Put Dad on FaceTime. It might be easier to talk to him. I hear her say, Brian wants to talk to you on FaceTime. And I hear him say, What is Spacetime? And she s like, It s called FaceTime. He s like, Never heard of Spacetime. I m like, This is off the rails. [audience laughing] She gives him the phone. He has no idea there s a camera in there. He s whipping it all over the place. I m seeing his face zip by at the speed of light. I m yelling, Stop moving the phone! Aim it in one place! He thinks it s for audio reasons. He aims it at the corner of his room, I m seeing a cobweb dangling. Can you hear me?  I always could hear you. Aim it at your face, Dad. So, he sort of gets it but not really. It s like two unfocused eyes. They don t know where to look. Like an alligator coming out of a swamp at a 45-degree angle. [audience laughing] I m like, Hey, Dad. How you doing?  Who is this?  It s Brian.  Who am I talking to? I felt bad until he asked, Who s that in the square in the corner?  You, Dad.  Somebody s in the corner looking at us.  Buck Rogers. He s watching us through Spacetime. [cheers and applause] He s funny. Sometimes you wonder, do you know if he s there or not? He ll make a joke that makes you know, Oh. Of course he s there. He was eating donuts while I talked to him on FaceTime. I said, How s that donut? He goes, Has a hole in it. [audience laughing] The most beautiful joke I heard. [chuckles] All right, Dad. My dad likes that awkward moment comedy… when not everybody gets it. I like everybody in the lasso. My dad likes when there s one man out. You know? Here s an example. We had a family reunion. I drove my dad to the restaurant where we were meeting. He and I get out of the car. We re walking in. He s an old guy, doesn t walk well. He s shuffling along. I said, Dad, you need help? He goes, I got it. I said, I m next to you if you need me. He goes, All right. The hostess looks out and sees my dad shuffling along. She runs into the parking lot, says, Do you need help, sir? He said, I asked my son for help, and he said, ‘No.  [audience laughing] That s funny, Dad. It s a funny joke. Funny to two-thirds of us standing here. I m trying to cover, My dad was joking.  Oh, I bet. I bet he was. He explains nothing to her. He walks right past her. Biddlyumbombowayday. [audience laughing] Yeah. My mom is funny, too, but she s funny in a quirky way. My mom and dad sat me down when I was a kid, Mom said, There s something we wanna tell you. And I was like, Okay. And my mom goes, We just want you to know that we named you after Thomas Jefferson. [audience laughing] My name is Brian Joseph Regan. And she said, We named you after Thomas Jefferson. [audience laughing] And they got up, walked out of the room, and I heard them laughing in the hallway. [laughter and applause] I m like, Was that a joke? Was that a life lesson? Why is this part of my child development? So, I have some weird personality quirks. I wonder where they came from. One is I have to over-explain things. If I feel somebody doesn t understand something, I will say it again in another way. Sort of like that. [audience laughing] Here s another example. Um… I was on the road recently, and I was hungry, and I passed a place that said, Mr. Frank. So, I said, I m going in to get a hot dog. And I walked in and realized it was a men s clothing store. It s just weird when your expectations are 180 degrees off. I m expecting paper hats and a guy slinging dogs. I m seeing jackets and ascots. I m like, This makes no sense. Before I could leave, a salesman came up and said, Can I help you? And instead of saying, No, thank you, and leaving… I said, I want a hot dog. [audience laughing] So, we stared at each other for 20 seconds. He says, You know this is a men s clothing store, right? And at that point, I knew that. And I was like, Yes, I know. And then I turned around and walked out. And my guess is he tells that story more often than I do. [audience laughing] I have two kids. I love being a daddy. I like playing board games with my kids. That s one of my favorite things to do. I love to get on the living room carpet and play Clue. You have to guess what s in the envelope by process of elimination. I ve never won. I don t know what my kids do that I m not capable of, but I m like, How did you win? My son s like, When you looked at the last card and made a mark, I knew because you didn t make a mark when the previous card–  My brain is getting hot. [audience laughing] I don t understand anything you re saying. The only way I can eliminate something in the game Clue from being in that envelope is if somebody puts that card in my face. Colonel Mustard? I doubt he s in there. [audience laughing] How can he be in two places? I learned something about the game Clue. If you ever show up somewhere, and everyone s last name is a color… you might wanna get on out of there. [audience laughing] Ain t nothing good going down there. Especially if as you re leaving, you see a candlestick in the conservatory. Skedaddle. If a place even has a conservatory, blow that pop stand. If you ever hear someone say, I believe we should all retire to the conservatory…  You know, we got a long drive. You all enjoy the conservatory. We ll Google that, see what that means. [audience laughing] I like the games when I was a kid. Trouble. They put the dice in a bubble cause they knew we were stupid. [audience laughing] If they weren t in the bubble, we d lose them for sure. Boop-boop. I lost the dice. They re in a bubble. Boop-boop. I lost them again! They re in a bubble. I m sensing a pattern. I d like to see one of those in Vegas at the craps table. [audience laughing] Baby needs a new pair of shoes. Boop-boop. [audience laughing] We played Mouse Trap. We played it differently than other families. The way we played Mouse Trap is we d try to guess how far we would get into the setup process… before we got frustrated and threw everything back in the box. Any game that needs a construction hat and blueprints… [audience laughing] You know what intrigues me about the game Mouse Trap? Knowing that this conversation had to have taken place at a conference table. Freddy? Freddy, you had something you wanted to offer?  Um, yeah. I was thinking swingy boot. [audience laughing] Hit a bucket with a ball in it, so, boot, bucket, ball. Anyway, that s all I got so far. [audience laughing] That was mulled around by Milton and Bradley. This has the makings of one of the best games in the world. Hey, wanna destroy a family? [audience laughing] I got a great way to destroy a family. A lot of techniques everybody knows about. Alcoholism, drug abuse, gambling addictions. Those can destroy a family. But those take a while. [audience laughing] You wanna destroy a family quickly? Break out a game of Scattergories. [audience laughing] They should call that Argument in a Box. It s things at a beach. You can t say sandwiches.  Why? I said sandwiches.  You can t say sandwiches. It s things at a beach.  I eat sandwiches when I go to the beach.  Doesn t matter. Not a beach thing, I won t allow it.  Who allows you to be the guy who s allowing things?  It has to be a common-sense beach thing, moron. Something at the beach when you get there. Like an umbrella! An umbrella is at the beach when you get there! [audience laughing] Family s destroyed. That s a good holiday game. Break that out during the holidays, and rip your family to shreds. [audience laughing] Here s something I don t think a parent has said. The kids are playing with all their old Happy Meal toys. [audience laughing] I don t think a McDonald s Happy Meal toy has ever made it to sundown. Usually they break as you re taking them out of the cellophane. What is this? It s broken. Toss it into the trash. Even if you get it to work, you never wanna do it more than once. What happens? Push this button. It shoots out four inches? Throw it in the trash. Somebody shut that toy factory down. [audience laughing] I love being a daddy. I like taking my kids to Disneyland. I love Disneyland. The only thing I don t like about Disneyland is the other people. [audience laughing] Have you seen them there? What the hell are they doing there? Twice while we were in line for a ride, the family that was behind us just got in front of us. First time, I didn t know what to do. Like, Clearly, I don t have all the information. [audience laughing] They were behind us, and now they re in front of us, and how come I m not saying something? So, the next line for the next ride I was on red alert. Spread out, kids. [audience laughing] Swing your hips. Swing them. Swing them rope to rope. You have to be careful at the switchback. Hug the post. Hug the post! Hug the post! If you don t hug the post, some worm family: [shouting gibberish] [singing] Worm people are on the planet [audience laughing] It happened anyway. I m doing our best to protect our place in line. First it was the little kids in the family behind us. They just got up in front of my kids. So, my heart starts going– I look back thinking one of their parents will say, No, we re behind this family and have been for a half hour. [audience laughing] That s what I thought should happen. But instead, the mom came up and said, What are you kids doing up here? [audience laughing] What are you doing up here? I looked back at the dad. Maybe he s the voice of reason. He just squeezes up the other side, says, Well, I guess we re up here now. That s what you guess? That s the guess you take under the circumstances? This time, I said something. I m like, Listen. We re behind this guy that s in front of you. It s been a half an hour. It s kind of hard not to know our place. The guy s got like a red Mohawk, and Backgammon pieces in his ear lobes. [audience laughing] It s been him and then us for a half an hour, and now you guys are betwixt us. And the dad goes, Okay. Go ahead, if it s that big a deal to you.  It is. [audience laughing] It s that big a deal to me. I want my family flying around on elephants before your family. It might sound absurd to you, but I like the way it makes me feel inside. Play me as the jerk. I wish I had handled it differently. I wish when he stepped in front of me, I would have reached into the pockets of his cargo shorts and just pulled out his belongings and just hurled them. [audience laughing] Just as far as I could humanly hurl. And then just grabbed her purse and just whipped it into some distant flowerbed watching Disney receipts slowly descend back down to Earth. And when they looked at me weird, I d go, Oh, I thought you wanted complete anarchy. [audience laughing] [cheering and applause] Yeah. When you just step right in front of us in a clearly roped-off line, I thought that was a signal all semblance of right and wrong was out the window. [cheering and applause] I don t know what it is with people. I went to my nephew s high school graduation. I don t think I ve ever been more disappointed in the human species in my life. I m in the stands, this woman gets on the microphone, she tried. She tried so hard. She gets on the mic, Ladies and gentlemen, we have a wonderful day here with all these graduates. We re gonna ask you in advance to please not applaud or cheer when your individual child or friend is called because we have way too many graduates. It would not be fair to the people at the end. We re gonna give everybody an opportunity at the end to give a big round of applause for everyone. But please when your individual child or family member is called, please don t applaud at that time. Okay. Thank you for understanding. Okay. Here we go. Let s get started. With our first graduate, Aaron Anderson.  Yeah! Aaron! Aaron! Whoo! Aaron! Aaron! [audience laughing] Are we the smartest species? We re– We re top of the food chain? I so wish while he was yelling that a clamp would have descended… from the darkness of the ceiling, like one of those claw games, just right above him, and then just clamped onto his ribs, and just pulled him up, a-whooping and a-hollering, a-legs a-flailing, just pulled him up into the darkness. I don t want him to die. I just never wanna see him again. [audience laughing] Just gone. The decisions some people make. I don t make good decisions. Ever agree to something that you wonder how you agreed to that? My brother-in-law was talking about his motorcycle, and said to me, You should go for a ride with me on my motorcycle. I was like, Yeah, it d be fun to go for a ride. He goes, All right. Let s go. [audience laughing] I m like, What is happening? So, we get to his motorcycle. He s sitting on it. [mimics motor revving] Hop on. Okay. Hop? Can anyone hop onto a motorcycle? [audience laughing] I don t think anyone has done that. So, I tried to hop. [singing] Here comes Peter Cottontail [audience laughing] Hopping down the Harley trail Hop, you say. I don t even know how to get on the motorcycle. I m like, Can we rig up a footstool and a pulley system? [audience laughing] I finally get behind him, and I notice he doesn t have a back bar. It s just me and street. Hi, street. So, we haven t left yet, and I don t know how it works, so I put my arms around him. [audience laughing] And he was like, No, no, no. No. No, that ain t happening. What are you, joking? You re joking. Okay. [laughs] I m like, Yeah, I m joking. [audience laughing] He s like, You got little handles by your seat. I m like, I know that. What? It s these two little handles. You re not allowed to sit in the car without some harness system holding you in, but they ll let you sit on a motorcycle like this? Good luck! So, he tears away, and I m like: [screams] I use every ounce of gut muscle I have to work my way back up. He s starts herking and jerking, our helmets started clicking. Click, click, click. What are you doing? That s Morse code for stop. Click, click. Click, click. Click, click, click. Instead of stopping, he guns the gas. I go so far back, I feel my underwear waistband flip up. [audience laughing] That s not the scariest experience I ve had in a vehicle. When I was a kid… one time, my parents let the four oldest boys in our family take the station wagon to go bowling. It s a true story. Mike is our oldest brother. He was like 17 at the time. And there was Pat and Dennis and then me. I was like 9. I m in the back. [grunts] We were late, and Mike said, I told Mom and Dad we d have the car back at 9. And I was like: [mumbles] Is that a moon? [audience laughing] I m 9. He s like, They re gonna be mad. I was like, Eh. I didn t know what else to contribute. Do your best under the circumstances. [audience laughing] That s what I d been taught. So, I was like, Mike, I know you wanna get home quickly, and I don t know how to tell you, but I have to pee. He goes, That s tough, ain t it, Brian?  Yeah. I never got that reaction out of Mom or Dad. Oh, we got a new driver. It s tough. I said, Mike, I m serious. I have to pee. And he goes, Deal with it. Deal with it, Brian.  Okay. [audience laughing] Mike, I m having trouble dealing with it. [audience laughing] Do you have a backup plan? I swear he goes, Pee out the back window. Pee out the back window, Brian. My other two brothers go, We ll hold him. [audience laughing] Instead of talking him out of this ludicrous idea… they think it s worth a shot. So, operation pee out the back gets underway. I get on my knees in the back of the station wagon, Mike s driving like a bat out of hell, and Pat and Dennis grab on to my belt loops. There s a secure connection. [audience laughing] So, we all start moving our way back to the back window, this big three-headed blob. I m thinking, I don t believe we re doing this. Then I hear that dreaded: [mimics whirring sound] Huh. Now, when we start this process, there are no cars behind us. [audience laughing] So, they hang on, I get out up over the tailgate. I look out, now we re leading a convoy. And my brothers won t pull me back in. So, I start peeing. This guy puts on his windshield wipers. [laughter and applause] I don t know if you ve ever peed out of the back of a station wagon at 60 miles an hour, but there s a surprise involved. It don t go that way. It starts that way a stream, but it comes back a storm front. [audience laughing] It s this weird auto-aerodynamic nightmare. It s El Niño for El Niño. And I m not just peeing on me. I m peeing on Pat and I m peeing on Dennis and I m peeing on the back of Mike s head. They go, Quit peeing on us or we ll let you go!  I can t stop! You guys are great. Thank you. [cheers and applause] Thank you. You guys are wonderful man. Thank you very much for coming out. I hope you had a good time. I know I did. Good night. I don t know what it– I don t know– I don t know what it is with people. I m gonna say that more cleanly. Hang on a second. I don t know… [speaking gibberish] Hang on, folks. We re almost done. Two more bits. [audience cheering] Three more bits. I don t know what it is with people. That s not that hard to say. All right, gotta do it again. [audience laughing] Where was I? I can t be standing in a different place. Here. I don t know what it is with people. [audience laughing] I m gonna make it an absolute nightmare for the editor. How the hell are we gonna put that… He was standing… He s looking into a pink light… No, we need it. We need the transition. He s… [audience laughing] You guys are coo– You re hanging in there. I don t know what it is with people.

JIMMY CARR@FUNNY BUSINESS@2016@[classical music playing] [applauding and cheering] Wow! Good evening, London. You well? -[audience] Yes! -Fabulous. You are in very safe hands this evening. I ve been doing comedy now for, uh… money and sex. It s going very well. I live in North London now, and a guy came up to me in the high street near where I live. He was all excited. He went… [gasps] I didn t recognise you! I said, Yeah, you did. I should really have explained when I walked on, as well, I look like this because my dad is Irish and my mum is Roger Federer. [chuckles] Speaking of looks, we were watching proper BBC News the other day and Liz Hurley came on the news. Not like that, obviously. Ah… But she was on the news. She was promoting some new TV show, and they did this thing. They would only get away with doing this on the news. They put her age after her name. So, it said, Liz Hurley, 50. And my girlfriend turned to me and went, I hope I look that good when I m 50. I said, You don t look that good now. What do you think s gonna happen? You re gonna get to 49 and invent a time machine, are you? Best of luck. Liz Hurley s a good-looking woman. -You d agree with that, wouldn t you? -[audience agrees] Yeah, I mean, I don t wanna be crude… Well, I do wanna be crude, but not till later on. I ll ease it in. It s a gift. Um… Liz Hurley s a good-looking woman. Put it this way, I would ride her like a stolen bike. You look as if you may require further clarification there, sir. What I m saying is, I would crawl over broken glass to suck the cock of the last man that fucked her. We re all clear, we re all clear. We re all caught up. Ladies spend ages getting ready for a night out. Not all of them, obviously. [audience laughing] No, you were probably in a hurry. Don t feel bad. I was just randomly pointing down to whoever s sat there. So, that s… That is nothing more than a happy coincidence. Well, you re laughing, but the eyes are fucking daggers. I m in all kinds of trouble. My girlfriend spends ages getting ready for a night out. I m not sure what she s getting ready for. Disappointment is my best guess. Nando s and a movie. That s our classic date night. And I love the cinema. Don t get me wrong. Love the cinema. My only issue with the cinema, it s only a little thing, but I get annoyed by the popcorn. I think the popcorn in a cinema should have a very clear warning label on it, saying, May contain nuts. Because if you re with me, it might. I know you said you wanted salty. Wait. Because I ve cut a hole in the bottom of the container. And I ve sort of placed it there. And I ve shoved my genitals through the hole. And then when the lady I m with has reached in to get popcorn, innocently enough, she s touched my genitals, and that s caused me to ejaculate. And it s that ejaculate that s caused the salty flavour you re so familiar with. I m happy to explain any and all of these as we go through. It s clearly a mixed-ability group. Horror films. Anyone else like horror films? [audience] Yes! I like watching horror films hiding behind the sofa, cause that way, my neighbours don t know I m there. I like those black-and-white films where no one says anything. Interracial porn. Don t panic. I ve checked, and that one s fine. Flooding. We had pretty bad flooding last year. I saw a woman on the news, in her flooded front room, crying. I thought… Crying s not helping. If anything, you re making matters worse, luv. [laughs] See, the flooding was pretty serious. We knew the flooding was serious cause it happened in London. That s when you know it s serious. It s not as bad when it happens in the West Country, is it? Chance for them to get some use out of those webbed fingers. [audience laughing] Oh, sorry, we re taping this this evening for Netflix, so I should explain. The West Country, sort of Louisiana. There you go. I ll translate as we go along. Is there anyone in from the West Country? [man] Yes! Sorry, I didn t mean to ruin your romantic night out with your sister. I was just making a joke. Having a bit of fun. Having fun. Last time we had a white Christmas, I made snow angels. I skidded on some ice and took out three pedestrians. I recently wrote a book about poltergeists. And I m pleased to say it is flying off the shelves. Proper fucking jokes in this show. My friend said to me, What rhymes with orange? I said, No, it doesn t. How do they get all those drugs into our jails? I guess they re smuggled in by some asshole. I ve only given you a joke. You ve just given me a look as if to say, Yeah, so we do that. What s your fucking problem? What do you do for a living, sir? Have a little think. I mean… I m not busy. Relax. You re an accountant? Where were you when I fucking needed you, mate? -[audience laughing and applauding] -Eh? No good showing up now. No good showing up now. [laughing] If you re watching this on Netflix in America, don t Google that. -I m a good guy. -[audience laughing] Shh! What a lot of comedians do on stage, is they bullshit the audience. They ll tell an audience they ve recently broken up with a girl. It s bullshit. The reason they do it is to elicit sympathy from attractive female audience members, so then after the show, they ve got that sympathy in when they re chatting to them at the bar. They can try and sort of chat em up, try and pick em up, ultimately, try and shag them. Rest assured, I would never do that because I think it would be disrespectful to the memory of my wife. I just need to be held. Have we got any Christians in? Is anyone here a Christian? [man] Whoo! Christian there? What s your name, sir? Andreas. Andreas? Well, very nice to have you in. An offer just for you, Andreas. Would you be interested, Andreas, in buying some magic beans? I m only asking you, Andreas, cause you are fucking gullible. [audience laughing and applauding] I m sure Andreas won t mind me sharing that with the group. You know you are. You believe the story of a 14-year-old girl who finds herself pregnant. And when asked about the pregnancy, as well she might be, she goes, This? Not what you think. I was raped by a ghost. Really, Andreas? Fast-forward 2,000 years. Jeremy Kyle, would you believe her then? Would you? Fuck! I mean, you d watch it, but you d watch it thinking, Joseph, mug. Mary, slag. Daily Mail Immigrant Teen Mum Benefits Cheat Living in Luxury Shed.  Have you declared that gold, frankincense and myrrh? Andreas, you don t look annoyed. You all right? -Yeah. -You re fine. Of course you are. I got a guy annoyed with that the other week. I did that bit of material, and there was a guy down the front, a middle-class guy, I got him really annoyed. You can tell when you ve annoyed someone middle class cause they get a bit bobbly-headed. He had a point to make, and it was rattling around in his head. I said, What s your point? He said, I notice you make those jokes about Jesus and the Christians, but would you say that about Muhammad or the Islamic faith, I wonder? I said, It s a very good point. Well made. Have you thought about blowing something up? No one s scared of you. Seriously, what are you gonna do, Andreas? Forgive me? I try not to censor myself on stage. I should say that early on. You know, if I think something s funny, I think you might think it was funny as well, and then we d all have a laugh, release some endorphins, and the world would be a very slightly better place, yeah? And if anyone s offended, eh, fuck em! But I wrote a joke recently that I worry about telling. I wrote a joke about the negative stereotypes that still prevail in our society concerning women. And I worry about telling that joke, because I worry, Well, if I were to tell that joke and it were to be misconstrued as genuine misogyny, it could really light the fuse on some bitch s tampon. I would feel awful. I m not sexist. I ve got nothing but respect for every woman I ve ever slung one up. Pride and Prejudice. Spoiler alert, in the end, Mr Darcy slings one up her. It s very good. Oh, here s an interesting fact. The most common superstition in Britain today is a belief in horoscopes. And there s a name for people that believe in horoscopes. They re called single women. Are there any single ladies in? Shout, single ladies! [women] Whoo! Who s the single lady down there, give us your… What s your name? -[woman] Laura. -Laura? What s your date of birth? What month? -February. -What star sign is that? [audience] Pisces. [Jimmy] Pisces. So February, and what s the exact date? Twenty-sixth. The 26th? It s just, you die alone. Normally, this is a really upbeat bit of the show. Nine times out of ten, Mr Right is just around the corner, but… [exhales] [laughing] Well, not alone-alone. A cat eats your face. But it s not great news, is it? It s not… I really hope this hasn t ruined your last night out. So, we should find out more. What do you do? I m a student. You re a student. And what are you studying? -Engineering. -Engineering? -Where are you from? -China. From China? I m fucking big in China. Well done, me. Are you living here, or you re just… You re visiting? And you decided, I ll tell you who I want to see. That fella. You ve made a terrible decision. This is filth. You definitely didn t Google me in China. I ll tell you that for nothing. There s no way I made it past that firewall. -Um… -[audience laughing] [audience applauding and cheering] Tremendous! Some people think it s good luck if a bird shits on them. And they re called German porn stars. If you don t get it, Google it. I find most young women make a lot of noise in the bedroom. I guess they re not expecting to see anyone at their window. Now, my job is writing jokes. All I ve got to do for a living is write jokes. Pretty easy job to have. Now, sometimes, I don t even have to do that. Sometimes, you just overhear people saying something, and you think, Well, I can just tell people what I overheard, and that s enough. Just report speech. That ll do. I had this happen recently. I was in a supermarket car park. You couldn t find a more boring place to be. Just walking back to my car with a coffee. I overheard these two men having a conversation. It was clearly gonna be a fight, but it wasn t a fight yet. So as I walked by, I just heard a snippet of conversation. That is all I needed. I ll tell you what one man said to another man, we ll all have a laugh, and we ll move on with our lives. I heard one man say to another, You can t park in a disabled bay, you spastic! [audience laughing] Shut the front door! You can t park in a disabled bay, you spastic ? How could you be that right and that wrong that quickly? It s remarkable! Of course, political correctness has changed the world. I don t mind tackling the tough topics. Here s my view on immigration. I sort of think these Bulgarians and these Romanians, they come over here, taking our Polish people s jobs. [audience laughing and applauding] People that adhere to political correctness are, in my opinion, retarded faggots. I can see some of you sitting in judgement, thinking, ‘Retarded faggots. That is an offensive phrase. But it s not that offensive a phrase. Not when you compare it to my impersonation of… a retarded faggot. I want a cock in me. I m a really good bummer. That s offensive. Compared to that, phrase doesn t seem as bad now, does it? I ve been described, London, as a sex symbol. And that symbol is a question mark. Followed by a no . [chuckles] I ve had sex with a lot of different woman. The first time I had sex, I wanted it to be special. Well, not special-special, but consensual. I actually didn t lose my virginity until I was in my 20s, and, really, the reason was being fussy. Most women are really… fussy. And what made it worse was my best friend lost his virginity in year 11, which would have been pretty cool, but he was home-schooled. [audience gasps and laughs] It s not as bad as you think. Fit mum. It could ve been worse. It could ve been ugly dad. Cheer up, everyone. Well, look, I ve got the easiest job here. I just tell jokes. It doesn t get any easier than telling jokes. Let s find out what other people do. Do we have any nurses in? Is anyone a nurse? -[scattered cheers] -A few nurses? You ve got your hand up there. What kind of a nurse are you? -[inaudible] -You talk to them over the phone? -Yeah. -Are you sure… If you re… If people think you re dressed as a nurse, and you re chatting to them on the phone, I think… I m not sure… You re feeling very stiff, are you? I see. I think I can help. Any other nurses? What else we got? Geriatric? Can t go wrong with geriatric, can you? If you give em too much of something, and then, Oh, he s dead. No one s doing an autopsy on a 91-year-old. Fuck it, you re fine. Any others? [woman] Intensive care! Intensive care? That s interesting. So the other nurses… Do you care about your patients? You care? Do you care about your patients? Do you? Little bit. Not like she fucking cares. Intensively. Hope they make it. Any others? What else we got? [woman 1] Paediatric! [woman 2] Student! Sorry, student? We should get together and have a chat after the show cause I m also not a nurse. -What, sorry? -[woman shouts indistinctly] Sorry, did you just say dental? A dental nurse? Well, I think we can all agree, that doesn t count. -Definitely doesn t count. No way. -[audience applauding] Are you joking? Let me ask you, sir. I don t know what you do for a living. If I gave you a disgusting pink fluid to drink, and there was a sink there, and I said, Rinse , -would you be able to… -[inaudible] …work out where to spit it? You would? We don t need you! We don t need you. A nurse finds a rectal thermometer in her pocket and thinks, Some asshole s got my pen. Social networking sites. Are you all on the social networking sites? [audience] Yeah! They re bloody good, aren t they? They help people to meet people. That s what they do brilliantly. I ve got a friend of mine, gay friend of mine, joined Grindr a couple of weeks ago, and his social life has been such a whirlwind, he s hardly been able to sit down. That s a joke about super-aggressive anal sex. You got that? Well, that is to your credit. Lesbians get a lot out of Internet dating. I ll explain. We ve all got pretty good gaydar these days, haven t we? We re all familiar with gaydar, the term, yes? [man] Yeah, yes. So gaydar is the voice in your head that, when you meet a gay guy, goes, Oh, a gay guy. If you say out loud, Bummer on the loose! Bummer on the loose! That is homophobia. Check yourself before you wreck yourself. Yeah, I just said that. Deal with it. But with lesbians, the gaydar certainly needs to be more finely tuned, doesn t it? For the lesbians, it needs to be more finely tuned. But, yeah, sometimes, it s very difficult to know whether a woman is a lesbian or just a regular girl in a very bad mood. [audience laughing] And if you re a lesbian, and you didn t find that funny, well, you ve proved my point for me. Are there any lesbians in? Does anyone favour the flatter shoe? [scattered whistling] Any lady golfers? Is anyone here allergic to nuts ? Would any of the women in here describe themselves as crack addicts? [audience laughing] Or vagitarian? Seriously, are there any lesbians in? [scattered cheers] [audience laughing and applauding] Well, you re definitely one of the butcher ones, aren t ya? Maybe there are none in. That would be a very weird thing. Maybe no one s full-time. Gay dudes pretty much go full-time, don t they? You meet very few bisexual men. I ve met, like, a handful in my life. Of bisexual men. They re like fucking unicorns. Men make a decision about dicks early on. Either, This one s good. The rest can fuck off. Or, These are all delicious! [gurgling] It s one or the other forever. Whereas, with the lesbians, it could be a mood thing, can t it? It could be a mood thing. Spaghetti is, I believe, the term. Straight until wet. [audience groaning and laughing] If you re not laughing, you re learning. And that s great, too. Great to learn. We had a lovely lesbian couple in recently. They were sitting sort of front and centre. And I got chatting to them. And, you know, as well I might, I said, Girls, what would it take to get you back on solids? And one of the girls, quick as a flash, went, 12 inches. I said, Well, I could give you 12 inches… in three instalments. Of course, the big question, at the moment, globally, is Should gay men be allowed to get married? And I m a liberal. I say yes, as long as they find the right woman. I could have been gay. I failed the oral. Don t neglect the balls. There s a lesson. [chuckles] There is one sexual grouping that annoys me in society, one grouping. And it s actually heterosexual men. It s only been the last couple of years. 8 Out of 10 Cats Does Countdown. As a result of doing that show, I m now associated with Rachel Riley. -And as a result of that… -[audience cheers] Well, this is the problem. I ll be on trains, in bars, hotels, wherever I happen to be. Men will come up to me. They won t even say hello to me. They ll just come up to me and go, Rachel Riley. I d give her one!  Well, she ll be thrilled. How can we get in touch? I mean, I get it. Rachel Riley is a very attractive woman. If she was my daughter, I d still be bathing her. [audience exclaiming and laughing] True story. Um… But let s be realistic. I m 43 years of age. Rachel Riley is 28. I look at her and think, Aw, if only you were ten years younger. The thing that s annoying about straight men, as well, it s all about surface. Just about looks and nothing else. It s never about her mind. And her mind is the extraordinary thing. She s so clever. She s like a walking, talking Stephen Hawking. She s brainier than Kurt Cobain s garage ceiling. [audience exclaiming and laughing] Too soon? Fuck him. He was always shooting his mouth off. I think everyone s here. Is there an empty seat there in the middle? You haven t been stood up for a date, have you, madam? -No. -No? -It s her carer. -It s her carer? [audience laughing] Someone s not getting laid tonight, but totally worth it, sir. Well played. -100% worth it. -[audience applauding] Good on you. I had great latecomers the other week. So, I think everyone s here, but I had great latecomers the other week. So I was playing this venue, and it had a wooden floor. And this couple walked in about, you know, half an hour into the show. They walked in, and the lady had really clumpy shoes on. So as she walked in, it was, like, the loudest thing you ve ever heard, as she walked in. And it really pulled focus, and they sat sort of front and centre. And so, I thought, Well, I d better say hello. I said, Well, how come you guys are late? And the guy said, really aggressively, he said, She s pregnant. Immediately, I m on the back foot. I went, Right. When s it due? And he went, About nine months. Fucking legend! Now some of you sent me text messages during the evening, and thank you very much. And some of you sent me text messages, and fuck you very much. I ll show you what I mean. First one in. Jimmy, are you disappointed that instead of being hung like a donkey, you laugh like one? [audience laughing and applauding] [laughing] I really wish I didn t laugh at that. Especially like that. What s the difference between three cocks and a joke? Your mum can t take a joke.  Can you stop dissing my dad? Thanks, Jesus. Is that Andreas? Have you got an emoji of a church on your phone? Tragic. [chuckles] Went to my daughter s netball finals the other day! What a semi! [laughing] Hey, Jimmy. It s mine and my boyfriend s one year. Threesome? Well, whose one-year anniversary is it? Where are you? Hello, how are you? Can I just have a look? Nah, I ll be all right, thanks. [audience laughing] What is your stance on midget porn? Like a deep lunge. [audience laughing] Sorry, sir, we made eye contact. I really feel like we re in this together now, mate. That s tough on the hamstrings. Please, can you take the piss out of my fiancée? She s five months pregnant and ginger. [audience laughing] [laughing] Where s the ginger pregnant lady? Where are you? I m not gonna take the piss. I ll say to you what I say to all ginger women I meet who are pregnant. Well done! Well done. You tricked someone into fucking that! [laughing] I became a proud dad today. My son is actually four, but he was a boring little cunt for the first three years. [laughing] There s a ring of truth there, isn t there? He doesn t do much. He can t even kick a fucking ball.  Hi, Jimmy. What would you do to make a wedding day stand out and be even more special? Leave her at the aisle. Who s getting married? Who sent me that? Who s… You two are getting married? You are… I mean, I don t want to be rude to you, sir. You seem like a lovely fella, but you are punching way above your weight. That s unbelievable. How have you done that? Has she got low self-esteem or have you got money? What s going on? You can t see it, but this is… I mean, they re like different species. This is… Well played, man, well played. Well, madam, I ve got a tip for you. Or if you like, I could put the whole thing in. [audience laughing] [Jimmy laughs] She said yes, yeah? She hasn t said much so far. You re 100% sure she s gonna marry you? [mouthing] She s wearing the ring. She s wearing the ring? Yeah, cause girls hate jewellery. I remember now. Fucking terrific. Well played. Go on, what else have we got? My son was thrown out of school today for letting a girl in his class wank him off. I said, ‘Son, that s three schools this year. Maybe teaching isn t for you.  [audience laughing] [laughing] Hey, Jimmy, what would be your advice for finding my friend David a girlfriend? Thanks. Right, where s David? Hey, David. How are you, mate? [David] I m good. And you re looking for… How long have you been single? -Too long. -Too long? Not to worry. Do you like engineering students? Of course you fucking do. What do you think? [David replies indistinctly] You don t… Sorry. I don t live in this country ? Sir, do you remember earlier when she was a student in this country, studying engineering? She s giving all that up… not to be with you, but to make sure it doesn t happen. That is a… What do you do? -I work in a gym. -You work in a gym? Okay. And do you… Do you know that you re gay yet, or not? [audience laughing] ‘Cause I know this can be a tough way to find out, but I ve got the super… I ve got, like, the deluxe gaydar, and it turns out what you like is not that. You work in a gym, do ya? Hmm… Are you muscly? Why am I seducing a man now? This doesn t seem… [laughing] I m gonna try and sleep with him just to prove a point. Come on. Did any other single ladies see him and like the idea? -[women] Whoo! -You… I, well… That sounded like… I mean, I ve also got slagdar . That… I mean, it might not be a relationship, but that will fuck you in half. What else we got? Jimmy, I went to the gym last week, and I noticed a hole in my trainer big enough to put my finger in. Anyway, she made a formal complaint, and I m banned for life. [laughing] It s a shame that wasn t a he made a formal complaint. That would ve been perfect. [chuckles] What s the difference between a lentil and a chickpea? I don t know, what is the difference between a lentil and a chickpea? I wouldn t pay £200 to have a lentil on my face. [laughing] The Lego Movie. [audience cheering] Don t let them take the piss out of your clothes, Jimmy. That s the best material you ve got. [audience laughing and applauding] So mean. Quite enough of that. [laughing] Thanks for those. My girlfriend gets annoyed by my loud chewing, but I don t complain about the pubes in my teeth. It s a joke! My girlfriend hasn t got pubes. Yet. [audience laughing] If you only laughed when I said yet , you re a bad person. There s something you can get, gentlemen, if you have, or you perceive that you have, a small penis. It s called an Audi convertible. Have you got an Audi convertible? She just gave you a look like something in the joke related to you. You re saying it definitely wasn t the car. Okay… [laughs] -What do you do for a living, sir? -I m an osteopath. An osteopath. Okay. I mean, just say masseuse if you mean masseuse. Tired businessman away from home. Full of questions. Curious as to what an osteopath might do. And what about you, the other half? What do you do? -I m his sister. -You re his sister? [audience exclaims] Um, well, I don t approve. You re not the other half. You re his sister. Okay. And you guys, you re just out on a Saturday night… on a date. This is the worst Tinder has ever got it. It s my birthday present. This is your birthday present? Well, I… Well, happy birthday. I can t ask your age cause you re a lady, but, um, how much do you weigh? Go on, what, what… Is it a big birthday? -Is it a big birthday, small birthday? -Twenty-three. Twenty-three? You re so young. Well, look, why don t we make it special? After the show, come backstage, and I ll finger blast you. [audience laughing] It s a joke. I ll fuck her. All the teachers at my school were really strict. I remember every Monday morning, I had to give the deputy head. Now, I keep on getting asked, Why aren t there more female stand-up comedians? It should be 50-50, right? ‘Cause the population is 50-50. Men and women laugh at the same things. We think of the same funny things to say in life. So it should be 50-50, the sort of proportion of comedians on stage. But it isn t. And I was wondering why. I think it s cause women have an ability that men don t possess. Women have the ability to think of something funny to say, and then not say it. Because it might hurt someone s feelings or be inappropriate. Well, men don t really have that gear. What we ve got is probably best described as Joke Tourette s. If we think something might be funny, we are fucking saying it. Not later on, when everyone s calmed down. Right fucking now. We could be at your mum s funeral. All right, luv, she s not the only thing that s stiff. Well, nothing ventured. She was already in a terrible mood. Lovely spread, she s got a face on. There s no pleasing some people. My Joke Tourette s occasionally gets me into, like, proper trouble. Have we got any police in? Any police officers? -[woman] Whoo! -Oh, there s one over there? Look, I got stopped speeding. Not the worst thing I ve done. Face facts. So I got pulled over for speeding, right? And the police officer came round to the window of the car and did the usual thing of going, Do you know how fast you were going? I said, I m sorry, Officer. Clearly too fast. I m so sorry. Couldn t have been nicer and more middle class about the whole thing. And he went, Eighty-eight miles an hour! And I said, I was trying to get back to 1955. Three fucking points on my licence. Would you have let me off? -[woman] No! -No? What, you think 88 s too fast to be doing in a 30 zone during the day? In my defence, I was fucking hammered. I hate oversleeping, waking up and suddenly realising, Ah! I m in the wrong lane! Must be tough being an air hostess. Their ears must pop all the time, what with sucking the pilot s cock so hard. Joking. I m sure they get used to it. PC thinks it s helping, but I m not sure political correctness really changes anything. Because of political correctness, you re not meant to say air hostess any more, are you? You re meant to say, if it s a woman, sky waitress , and if it s a man, homosexual . Doesn t really change anything. I joke a lot about sexism and misogyny, just because I view them as ridiculous, sort of, risible things in our society. But when you hear a story about someone being actually sexist, it blows your mind that people could be that ignorant. I heard a story recently. I was flying to New York, and I got chatting to the flight crew. They told me what had happened the week before. I ll tell you the story. So, you know when the pilot does the little Tannoy announcement at the beginning of a flight? He does the little, Hello, I m your captain, Jonathan, and we re flying at 38,000 feet to New York today. And you re sitting there, flicking through a magazine, thinking, Couldn t give a fuck who you are. And I know where we re going. It says it on the ticket. You don t get that anywhere else, do you? You don t get that in the back of a taxi. Hello, my name s Eric, and we re going to your house.  Wind your neck in, Eric. Drive the car. So, on this occasion, it happened to be a female pilot. So it was, Hello, my name s Sharla, I m your pilot today, and we re flying at 38,000 feet to New York. And this guy on the flight undid his seat belt, got up, got his hand luggage down from the overhead, and started walking down the aisle. So the cabin crew are having a little hissy fit. They said, Sir, you ve got to sit down. We re about to take off. He said, No, I m getting off. They said, What s the problem? He said, Woman driver. What a fucking lunatic! It s not as if she had to reverse it into New York. [audience laughing] I don t know about you, London, but I get terrified flying at the best of times. ‘Cause you never know how reliable or durable the condom in your stomach is gonna be. Do you all listen to the safety announcement when you fly? -[audience] No! -You ve got to! Otherwise, you re not gonna know where your whistle is when a maniac blows you out of the fucking sky. [whistling] Take that, ISIS! [whistling] [audience cheering and applauding] For all the fucking good it does, the crash position might as well be that. Hope we don t die. Doesn t matter. I mean, the bad news is, when a 747 crashes or blows up, everyone dies. The good news is you don t have to listen to the safety announcement. There s really no point. You re never in a bar the night after a plane crash, with a friend, going, It s awful, isn t it? Did you read about that? Three-hundred people. What a terrible thing. What an awful way to go. How shocking. Someone at the bar never goes, Plane crash? Couldn t help but overhear. Yeah, I was in one of those. Nah, I was fine. Thank you. Well, no, cause I was sat like that. So the fireball went round me. The guy next to me, though? Decapitated. It s his own fault, really. He had the tray table down. What was he hoping for? No, no, at 3,000 miles from land. Right in the middle of the Pacific, yeah. No, they found me straight away, about ten minutes. How? [whistling] [audience applauding] Has anyone ever made the right amount of pasta? That s my little toe in the water of observational comedy. I m not really sure if it s for me. Obviously, if I was any good at observational comedy, you know, I d probably get five minutes of fun out of that. [inhales sharply] You re on your own. Is anyone here gluten-free? [scattered cheers] You re gluten-free? Fun fact for you. It is possible to be gluten-free and shut the fuck up. No one cares. [laughs] I don t like spending too much time with my girlfriend s family because her husband is getting suspicious. My girlfriend was in the park doing one of those race for life things. When I say race for life , she was fleeing a rapist. It s how we met. I tend not to get heckled that much any more. I used to get heckled a lot. -I kind of– -[loud noise] [audience laughing] [laughing] That was properly Tourette s-y. Well played. People with Tourette s, what makes them tick? [audience gasps and laughs] But genuinely, I like it when people join in at shows. I got the best heckle of my career last year, at someone else s show. I went to see another comedian up in Edinburgh, my friend Nick Helm, and I got heckled at his show. That is not what should happen. That is what happened. And I was sat at the back. It s about 200 people in the room. I was sat at the back, trying to stifle my laugh. I ve got a weird laugh. I laugh on an in, not an out. So instead of going ha, ha , like a normal human might, I go… [laughs] It s weird, right? [continues laughing] It s a weird, honking goose of a laugh. [laughing] But if I know I m gonna be laughing, and I knew I was gonna be laughing at my friend s show. So I was sat at the back, and I was kind of repressing my laugh. I was… Closed mouth, and sort of keeping it locked down. I was… [stifled laughter] It sounded like someone had smuggled in an owl. [stifled laughter] But there I was for the first 20 minutes, just sat at the back very quietly… [stifled laughter] About 20 minutes into the show, he did a song on stage, and I found it hilarious. I had a proper, full-on laughing fit. Like proper… [laughing] [audience cheering and applauding] It sounded fucking mental. It sounded like a seal getting finger-blasted, is what it sounded like. And Nick just stopped the show… and went, All right, Jimmy? I don t laugh when I come to see your shows. Well, with that in mind, why don t we have a proper heckle amnesty. If you would like to have a heckle, this would be the ideal time. -Not– -[man] Wanker! [man 2] You look like you fucked a pig! I look like I fucked a pig? Do I still owe your mum money? Is she annoyed, is she? [audience cheering and applauding] There you go. Sorry, ma am, I haven t got any coins on me. -[man] My partner thinks you re too crude. -Your partner thinks I m too crude? So she s been brought along to the show and it s not really for her? Are you going to make it up to her somehow later on? Yeah. Maybe pop a thumb in her ass while you re fucking her? [Jimmy laughing] Madam, you can t sink down any lower in that seat. That is as low… That s as low as that… [whimpers] [laughing] [man] When does the comedy start? When does the comedy start? -[audience booing] -It s a classic. It s a classic heckle, right? What s your name, sir? [man] Rack! Like shoe rack? You re called Rack? Where are you, Rack, up there or down there? Loving your work, Rack. It s one of those things. If you don t think the comedy s started, you re right. And if you think the comedy has started, you re right. ‘Cause it s a very individual thing, isn t it? And if the show s not for you, it s not for you. I feel bad if you paid all this money to come and see me, and you don t think it s funny. You ve had a disaster. But I suppose, Rack, you have learnt a valuable lesson. You ve learned life s not fair. You pays your money, you takes your chance, sometimes it s a good show, sometimes it s not for you. But I ll give you another example, Rack, so you haven t had a wasted evening. At least you ve learned something. Another example of how unfair, Rack, our society is. Let s say, if a man… You or I, sir, let s say, if a man sleeps with loads and loads of women. What is he? He s a stud, he s a player, he s admired in our society. That isn t an opinion, that s fact. If a guy sleeps with loads of women, he s a player, he s a stud, he s admired. But if a woman sleeps with loads and loads of men, she s called Rack s mum. [audience laughing and applauding] [cheering] I m fairly… It s all right for me to say that cause Rack s mum s not gonna be here, is she? Saturday night? You re having a laugh. It s her busiest evening. She does a special two for one. This sort of stage on a Saturday night, I imagine Rack s mum looks like a plasterer s radio. [audience laughing] What was that, Rack? [Rack] Your face is like a 42-inch widescreen TV! My face is like a 42-inch widescreen… TV? In that… -[Rack] It s very wide! -It s very wide? [stammers] Okay. Um, I ve just… I ve just said that your mum s a prostitute. And… And you just said, Your face is wide. I don t… Rack, I don t… I m not sure if you know how this works. I ll tell you why it s wide as well. [babbles] All that, it s… It… [Jimmy laughing] Aw, bless him. Um… Any other heckles? Should we do one more? [man] How about a heckle not involving mothers, girlfriends, or sex? A heckle not involving girlfriends, mothers, or sex. Well, where are you from, sir? Let s do one. [man] Canada! You re from Canada? So you re an American, but you re not armed. [audience laughing] Ah… Aw, well, Canadians are always… Whenever I meet a Canadian, they always explain to me, No, I m not an American. I get the same thing with New Zealand and Australian people, they sort of go, No, I m not Australian. I m actually from New Zealand. I think they re mistaking me for someone who gives a fuck. Are there any Australians in? [scattered cheers] Well, welcome back. You ve paid your debt, you ve returned to the scene of the crime. [laughing] [gasps] Someone over there. Hello. [chuckles] Who the fuck is that? Hello, who? The Shining? [Jimmy chuckles] Steadicam, I love… Fucking hell. Look how my ego s gotten out of control. Who… Are you filming him? I mean, I don t want to be a dick about it, but I feel like the action s really up here. You re just filming a fat dude in the second row. Okay, fine. [man] Oh! What do you mean, Oh ? He s got a mirror in his house. He fucking knows. He s all right. [applauding] [Jimmy laughing] -So… -[man] Oi, you posh twat! [audience gasps] Oh! Well, a fun fact for you. Your girlfriend s got two cunts. She s sat next to one of them, isn t she? [audience laughing and applauding] I m sorry. I called you a cunt there. I m terribly sorry. I m sure you don t have the depth or the capacity to give pleasure. [audience gasping and applauding] I went to a proper showbiz party recently, and Brad Pitt was there. And they say, Never meet your heroes , but I think Brad handled it really well. A lot of people think cooking your partner a meal is the most romantic gesture you could make. The least romantic gesture, if you re interested, is this. On my birthday… I m a very lucky man. On my birthday, my girlfriend likes to wake me up with oral sex. Last year, I nearly suffocated. No, last year, on my birthday, my girlfriend gave me the bumps, or as they re more commonly known, genital warts. You can tell a lot about a woman from looking at her shoes. For example, if they re behind her ears, she likes you. When a man changes his status on Facebook from single to in a relationship , I think it should say, under new management . Now, some couples… Are there couples in? Give a shout, all the couples in the room. [audience cheers] -Loads of… -[woman] Whoo! Sorry, mate. That s sort of rubbing it in, isn t it? [laughing] There are some couples who are very free and easy with their bodily functions. They don t mind their partner being in the bathroom while they re taking nature s call of a morning. Their partner could be brushing their teeth while they re taking care of business. I think we all know what I m saying. And there s a name for those people. They re called… fucking animals. You disgust us. I ve got some advice for the men in the room. Okay, I m gonna keep this simple cause men are inherently simple creatures. Gentlemen, I ll just say it. Gentlemen, never say fanny fart . It s a good example of your Joke Tourette s. Not everything in life needs to be a little joke. Actually, a lot of ladies are very self-conscious when they do a muff puff. The last thing they want is you making a joke about their massive cunt grunt. Embarrassing Bodies? -[audience] Yes! -It s a fabulous piece of television. Embarrassing Bodies? So, we play a game in our house. Embarrassing Bodies with their medical problems before seeing the doctor, we pause the TV and try and guess what is up with that. So this girl, this 18-year-old girl, pretty little thing, Embarrassing Bodies. We pause the TV and try and guess what the problem might be. We could ve been there all week, we wouldn t have got it. She was having surgery on her nuni. On her vajayjay, her twinkle cave. Her peachy pocket. And the thing was, there was nothing the matter with her cunt. Perfectly healthy piece of equipment. She was having, get this, cosmetic surgery on her vagina. And me and my girlfriend paused the TV. We went, Well, the world s gone mad. That isn t a medical problem. That s a psychological problem. If anything, that s a societal problem. That a girl s self-esteem could be that low at that tender age that she feels she needs to go under the knife in order to live up to some idealised version of what she thinks her genitals should look like cause she s seen something online. That s crazy. That s body dysmorphia. And they shouldn t be facilitating that kind of madness on what is normally a very socially responsible show. -[man] Yeah! -Yeah. So we unpaused the TV, and as soon as we… It s a very visceral programme. So they cut back to a close-up of her most intimate lady garden, bathing suit area. And both me and my girlfriend agreed. We both said, Well, that needs fucking fixing! It s like a badly packed kebab. [audience gasps and laughs] Who has garlic mayo and chilli sauce? What the fuck? I thought I d never seen one I didn t like. She had a fanny like a kicked-over trifle! Apologies to any ladies in with… fannies like kicked-over trifles. It s quite rough from here on in, people. Strap in! Are there doctors in? I know there s nurses. Are there doctors and nurses? Give us a shout, all of you. -[scattered cheers] -Quite a few of you around. The thing that impresses me about doctors is not what should impress me. It s not the fact that they can save lives. That s what should impress me. No. What impresses me about doctors is their ability not to recoil in terror. Doctors look at stuff every day. They look at stuff and they go, [sniffs] Oh, that s a bit… It s a bit whiffy. It s a little bit gamey. Oh, oh… I can… I can smell that in my eyes. We re gonna try and help you with that. Ooh… Whereas you or I would go, Why the fuck are you showing me that, you monster? Throw yourself off something! I asked a doctor recently, I got chatting to this doctor. [chuckles] I said, What s the thing that s made you want to recoil in terror the most in all your years of doctoring? Right? And I thought he d have to think about it. Straightaway, he came back. He went, A 95-year-old vagina. [audience groaning] I said, I ve seen one of those. It was on a 30-year-old Scouse girl. It s not the years, it s the mileage, innit? [laughs] Oh, if you re watching this in America, for Scouse girl , read New Jersey . I ve got a question for everyone in here. Who here has had bad sex? [scattered shouting] Who s not saying cause they re with the person they had the bad sex with? Have you ever had a girl cry during sex? That s a weird thing. I suppose women are more emotionally engaged with their physical being. That or the balaclava scared her. Should we talk about the weird shit people do sexually? -[audience] Yes! -Correct. We shall. My ex-girlfriend used to like to be choked during sex. I m 90% sure. We only tried it once. If anything, I was too good at it. Have you all heard of the donkey punch? [audience] Yeah! The donkey punch is where you re having the fun, Greek-style bum sex anal action with a lady, yeah? And just as you re about to finish, nut, ejaculate, come, we re all clear. Just as you re about to… [clears throat] You, um… You punch her in the back of the head. Now… Now I know that sounds cray-cray in a bad way, but hear me out. Any medical professional will tell you, when you punch someone in the back of the head, all the sphincters of the body, of which your bum is one, all the sphincters are on lockdown. They all go, Whoa! The fuck was that? Whoa! It s like a submarine locking off compartments. Whoa! No one in, no one out. What the fuck? Whoa! That whoa is a very fun way to end proceedings. Now obviously, you don t have to punch your partner in the back of the head to get that kind of result. How long have you guys been together? Five years? So, a long-term, loving relationship. Congratulations, guys. So, sir, just turn, look your partner in the eyes and say, Look, later on, when I m fucking you in the ass, would you mind clenching the sphincter of your anus just as I m about to ejaculate? Just have that conversation now. Just… Away you go. [pops lips] You re right not to, sir. You re 100% right not to. It s… Even after five years in a loving relationship with a beautiful woman, it s still too awkward a conversation. Take your chances. I don t know much about women, but I know this. It s easier to get forgiveness than permission. The seagull? You all heard of the seagull? It starts well and ends horrifically. There s a pattern emerging here, I m sure you realise. So this is where you re making love to a lady on the beach, yeah? So everyone s melted away at the end of a lovely summer s day. And you find yourself under the moon and the stars on the beach. So far, so good. You decide to be spontaneous, and make love to your partner. Fantastic. The seagull is where you whip it out, pop it in the sand, and then stick it back in. [audience exclaims and groans] I know! It s called the seagull because she goes… [mimics seagull] Have I missed any? What other kind of craziness have we heard of? [scattered indistinct shouting] -What? Was that angry pirate ? -[man] Yeah. Angry pirate. Well, that s… Okay, that s when a lady s going down on you, and you decide, I m not having enough fun. I need more fun in my life. So just as you re about to finish, you pull out and come in her eye. Not eyes. Eye. Singular. It s like a trick shot. And then as she gets up to deal with that situation. What s going on there? You then kick her in the shin. And what you re hoping for is the, Ar, ar, ar… of the angry pirate. What other sexual weirdness have we heard of? [man] Spider-Man! The Spider-Man is a thing. So, that s fairly vanilla. That s when you re behind a lady. That s key to the operation. You re behind the lady, and you re working your magic. And then you… She s facing that way. That s key. You pull out, catch. Women are inquisitive creatures. She ll want to know what s going on. What s happening back there?  Spider-Man! There s a Spider-Man, there s also a Superman. The Superman s where you come across a lady s shoulder blades, grab a sheet, pop that down. And then you re hoping when she gets up, she has a cape. So, there s Spider-Man, Superman. There s also a Batman. I was doing a show the other night, and a bloke went, Batman! I said, What s the Batman? He went, Kill her parents. [audience laughing] Teenage boys masturbate a lot. Nothing to be ashamed of. When I was a teenage boy, I had a sock called the Dream Catcher. We re all familiar with the danger wank, yes? Very much the preserve of the teenage boy. It s where you ve taken matters into your own hands. Some hand-to-gland combat. You re knocking one out, having a wank. But you don t just want the sexual gratification, you also want a frisson of excitement. Some adrenaline pumping through your veins. So mid-wank, you call for someone in the house you do not have a sexual relationship with, and then try and finish said wank before they arrive. The classic, of course, Mum! Mum! And then try and… I mean, obviously, it could end in tears. You could end up glazing your mum like a doughnut. [audience groans and laughs] Shall I just leave the phrase glazing your mum like a doughnut hanging in the air? I ve looked at so much Internet porn, the virus my computer has is HIV. We had a proper, serious, grown-up discussion about pornography recently, and my girlfriend said, well, some of you may share the sentiment. She said, I don t get porn. Why would I want to watch two people have sex? I said, Two? People? Now you ve lost me. Has anyone here ever looked at porn online? [scattered cheers] Oh, really? About 15 people? Well, what a statistical anomaly you are, London. So I was looking at some gentlemen s special interest material recently on the Internet, and this ad popped up for a penis-enlargement cream. I thought, Well, I ll read on. I m not buying a fucking Audi. Um… Basically it said, Rub this cream on your penis and it ll get bigger. I thought, Well, I ll stop you there. Rub your penis without the cream, it ll get bigger. That is the nature of rubbing and penises. They bloody love it! Second thing, if this stuff actually worked, wouldn t the guy in the after photos in the advert also have massive hands? He did not. I got in trouble for a joke last year. Now, I don t mind getting in trouble for a joke if it s worth it. If it s, like, a really edgy joke. I got in trouble for a joke that s so mild. I said, Deafness is getting to be quite a problem for me. And I never thought I d hear myself say that. We got, like, 50 letters of complaint from the National Association of the Deaf. And what I wanna know is, who told them? I said I was sorry. Would they listen? I got talking to a North African girl in her native language for hours. We just clicked. Fucking anthropology jokes. I ve got it all. [laughs] I was gonna give you some advice, ladies and gentlemen. Little bit of advice. If you get bitten by a dangerous dog, like a Staffordshire bull terrier, any dog whose jaw locks when it bites you, what you re meant to do is stick a finger… How can I put this politely? Up the ass. Now, key thing I was not made aware of, it s got to be the dog s ass. Can t just be a passer-by you like the look of. Or your own. Sharks. Sharks are twice as likely, twice as likely to bite a woman as a man. So, gentlemen, if you re swimming with a woman, and you see a shark, here s what you do. You punch it as hard as you can on the nose, and you throw it towards the shark. Here s some advice. Women aren t meant to go camping when they ve got their period, because what s the point in taking you if you re not gonna fuck us? [audience exclaiming and laughing] It s a joke. They re actually worried if you re menstruating and you go camping, you might attract a bear… and then bite its fucking head off for no good reason. It s basic bear safety is what it is. Basic bear safety. [audience cheering and applauding] That is, ladies and gentlemen, pretty much my show. Oh, there is a collection after the show. It s not a charity thing. It s not for my taxes. We re actually raising money for a sex change operation for my brother. I don t want to go into too much in the way of detail. Suffice it to say, it is the ultimate practical joke. He s going to wake up the day after his stag do, with a terrible hangover and amazing tits. It s gonna be huge. Now, should we… It s that sort of stage of the evening. It s late on, right? -Should we try some rough stuff? -[audience] Yeah! If you drink or smoke during pregnancy, you can lose the baby. It s worth a shot before you splash out on another abortion. -[audience laughing] -[scattered] Oh! Don t give me the oh . I m not made of coat hangers, am I? [audience gasping and laughing] That s divided the room, hasn t it? There s people that thought that was funny and then there are good people. Um… I get away with murder in jokes. I think cause they re so clearly jokes. Feed line, punch line, laugh. Possibly a ooh . But it s so clearly a joke. It s not an opinion. I m not trying to change your mind about anything. I m just trying to make you laugh. But actually, my dirty secret is, sometimes, when I m at home writing jokes of a day, I look back at what I ve done, and I ll just go, Well, that isn t transgressive, or taboo, or edgy. That s just wrong. That s just 100% wrong. And then, another bit of me, quite a big bit, goes, Yeah, funny though. If we re gonna be fancy about it, it s cognitive dissonance. It s two opposing thoughts in my head at the same time. I think, It s wrong. It s funny. Is it okay to say something that s 100% wrong if it s funny enough? [audience] Yeah! Well, you say that, but it s not like 100% wrong where you ll go, What are you like? Cheeky! You re much more likely to go ugh . -Shall we give it a go? -[audience] Yeah! Okay. If I was to say to you… It s about language being boring, if it s about anything. If I was to say to you I was with a girl, and she was really aroused. Well, firstly, you might be surprised. Secondly, bored. That is a boring way of speaking. I was with a girl. She was really aroused. Boring. But if I was to say to you, I was with a girl. She was wetter than a spastic s chin! [audience laughing and applauding] That s the only difficult thing about doing comedy, is to know where to draw the line, right? It s difficult to know where to draw the line. I ve got a friend of mine whose father has Parkinson s. And I was chatting to him and his father. I was round at theirs, having tea, and they asked, they said, Well, what can you joke about, and what can t you joke about? Would it be okay, for example, to joke about Parkinson s? And I was like, Mmm… [audience laughing] It s quite funny when I say it. When his father tried to retell that joke to his mum… Ha! [audience gasping and laughing] I d like to end the evening this evening Charlie Hebdo. I don t know if you re aware of them. They have a satirical magazine in France, and they tell jokes. And because they tell jokes, some people that couldn t take a fucking joke shot them. It s terrible. I d like to do a joke in solidarity with those guys. -For the end of the gig. Yeah. -[audience applauding] Whenever I see footage of a mosque… Can anyone else feel a tension in the room? Whenever I see footage of a mosque… This one s also for you, Andreas, the Christian. I like to think of myself as an equal opportunities offender. I don t care who your imaginary friend is. I think it s all pretty fucking risible. Whenever I see footage of a mosque on the news or in a documentary, everyone bowing their heads to pray, Guess Who? And someone s just said, Does he have a beard? [audience laughing] [applauding] Listen, I ve been Jimmy Carr. Thank you very much indeed. Cheers. Good night. Thank you. [audience cheering and applauding]

KEVIN HART@WHAT NOW@2016@[AUDIENCE CHEERING] [HIP-HOP MUSIC PLAYING] Philadelphia, make some fucking noise! [CHEERING INTENSIFIES] No. That s not good enough for me. Goddamn it, we sold a football stadium out tonight. So I need to hear that! I need to hear that! So I ma ask my city one more time… Philadelphia, make some fucking noise! [CHEERING LOUDLY] Yeah! Yeah! Yes! Goddamn it, we about to get loose. I can honestly say that the city of Philadelphia has my back. Is it safe to say that, Philly? It s safe to say that. I think it s only right that I show Philadelphia that love back. Can I see Philadelphia behind me? Can I do that, please? Can I see my city behind me? We about to have a good time tonight. We love you, Kevin! The name of this show is called What Now?, people. The reason why I decided to call it What Now?, is because that s the question that I get the most. Kevin, what the fuck are you gonna do now? I love that question because I always have an answer for it. I m alive. I m still experiencing shit, which still means I have stuff to talk about. For example, people, I m engaged. I m about to get married again soon. Okay? [AUDIENCE CHEERING] Yes. I told my lady, I said, before we get married, we gotta move. I did tell her that. It s not that I don t like where we live. I just don t like the area. It s not the house, it s the area. See, I don t wanna be in Hollywood, staring at all the Hollywood shit. So I moved out to the suburbs. Fucked around, moved around a bunch of wildlife. I don t like the animals around my house. This is real shit right now. Right now, I have a raccoon problem, people. Not raccoons. A raccoon. One raccoon. This raccoon s a bitch. I can t stand this raccoon. I got glass doors in the back of my house, right? I m sitting in the living room, I can see into my backyard through the glass doors. Outta nowhere, a raccoon walks up to the glass doors. But not like a raccoon should, not on all fours. Raccoon s on two feet. Motherfucker walked up to the doors like this, swear to God. This is real shit. Scared the shit outta me. It looked like a nigga was walking in my backyard. That s what it looked like. I saw him, I said, Oh, shit! Look at that goddamn raccoon right there! He saw me, I see him, we re looking at each other. This is what scared the shit outta me. To get a better look in my house, he put his hand on the glass, and started looking in the window. I see him, he see me. He starts fucking with the locks. [GRUNTING] When he couldn t get in, he got mad. He fake shot at me twice. Bang, bang! Then he grabbed his dick, disappeared into the dark. This is a true story. You gotta understand, people, I don t like raccoons. I can t stand raccoons because I don t like the way they look. They look like criminals. They got a black mask, gloves. Everything about a raccoon says crime. My lady gets home, I said, Babe, we gotta get the fuck out this house. A raccoon came up to the glass doors, put his hand on the glass, saw me, shot at me twice. Bang, bang! Then he grabs his dick, disappeared into the dark. My lady goes, What do you get out of lying so much? Like what does that do for you? I said, Who the fuck is lying? Who makes up a lie about a raccoon come up to the window, going bang, bang, grabbing his dick, disappearing into the dark? Like, whose life is that bad that they gotta sit at home all day, and make some shit like that up? She said, Obviously you, because you re lying, Kevin. You know how I know you lying? ‘Cause a raccoon can t go, ‘Bang, bang.  You know why? ‘Cause a raccoon don t have no thumbs. So how can a raccoon go, ‘Bang, bang ?  Bitch, maybe he did this. Maybe he just did this right here. What difference does it make? The point is that he grabbed his dick, disappeared into the dark. We got a dick-grabbing raccoon on the loose, you worried about his fucking thumbs. You need to get your priorities straight, that s what needs to happen. I got a lot of animals out there, people. Coyotes, mountain lions, rattlesnakes. It s at the point now where I don t like taking out trash. I m being honest with you. The reason I don t like taking out trash at my house is cause to take out the trash, I gotta walk outside, I gotta walk down my driveway. Trash cans are at the end of my driveway. My driveway is long as shit, people. Okay? It also gets real dark in my driveway. Reason why it gets so dark in my driveway at nighttime is because I turned down the option to get lights going down the side of my driveway. Reason why I turned down the option is because I thought the contractors were trying to take advantage of me because they knew that I had money. I don t trust people that do this when they talk. Like that s how you talk to me, like, Hey, man, you gotta get some lights. It gets real dark out here. You gotta get some lights. I don t need no fucking lights. It s a driveway. You drive in, you drive out. What the fuck I need lights for? I was wrong, people. I need lights. Can t see shit in this goddamn driveway. You gotta understand, I don t like being in the dark, hearing animal noises, especially when I can t see the animal. It fucks with me. When you re by yourself and you get scared, you do stupid shit. When you hear this… [CHITTERING] [HISSING] You do stupid shit when you get scared. [SCREAMS] You bite me, I ll bite you back, bitch! You start doing shit you saw in the movies. What are you waiting for? It got to the point where I start grabbing the trash, running down the driveway, throwing the trash in the trash can, running back to the house. One day I locked myself out of the house. Scariest 17 seconds of my life, people. Open up the door! [SCREAMS] [CRYING] What is this when you get scared? [CRYING] Whenever you re afraid, the first person you see is fully responsible for whatever you were afraid of. Bitch, where the fuck was you at all that time I was outside? Some shit licked my neck, I m out here calling you. You in here cooking, that s your problem. It got to the point where I told my lady, I said, Yo, I m not taking out trash anymore. I m not gonna do it. She said, Well, I m not gonna do it. I said, You don t have to.  It s not a woman s job, it s a man s job. I ma make my son do it. He s seven years old. It s time for him to start pulling his weight around here. He don t do shit. That s the beautiful thing about being a dad. You can do what you want when you want, can t nobody say shit about it. I woke my son up at 2:00 in the morning with a complete bullshit story. I kicked his bed. Get your ass up! Get up! Didn t I tell you to get that goddamn trash out last night? First of all, that was a lie. I never said that. Never said anything like that. He woke up, he was confused. What? What? No. You never said that. What?  You calling me a liar? You telling me I m lying? Get your ass up. Get that goddamn trash out. Private schools are fucking my kids up. My son, he said, All right, all right. All right. He goes, Let me get my flops. What? Your flops? Boy, if you don t get your black/white ass down these goddamn steps, get this fucking trash, I ma knock your head loose in here. My son goes downstairs, he grabs the trash. He s about to walk outside, he sees it s real dark. He goes, Dad, it s real dark outside. Can you come with me?  No. No, I cannot. No. It s not my journey, son. This is your journey. It s about you becoming a man. You gotta do this by yourself. My son grabs the trash, he s literally walking outside. He goes down the driveway. I could tell when he got scared, cause he stopped. He started doing this shit right here. He started looking around. When he looked at me, I said, See, that s why I don t like doing that shit. Go, you re all right. Finish. Finish. He put the trash in the trash can, starts walking back. Outta nowhere, my son takes off running. I mean, running, haul assing towards the house. Running as fast as he can. I got scared because I couldn t see what he was running from. I couldn t see it. So I closed the door. I closed the door. No, I did. I know it was wrong, but I did it. I don t wanna lie. I shut the door. I told myself, depending on what it was, was gonna determine if I open up the door or not when he got back. If it was something crazy, I was just gonna put my hand on the glass. I was gonna say, Son, touch the glass one last time. I hate that it had to be this way. My biggest fear in life is seeing somebody that I love get attacked by an animal that I can t beat. That s a fear. What do you do? What do you do? You look happy. Are you in love, man? What do you do if you see your lady running down the driveway as fast as she can? Outta nowhere, the Tasmanian Devil jump out, grab her face from the back? You wanna know the answer to that question? Not a goddamn thing, that s what the fuck you do. That s the Tasmanian Devil. You ain t never seen no shit like that. If you look outside and all you hear is… [SNARLING] You re not fucking going out there. [SNARLING] All you gonna do is react. [SCREAMING] Oh! Oh! Oh! Get the fuck off of her! She had enough! My lady got mad at me when I said that. She got pissed off. She got pissed off. She said, So if I got attacked by an animal, you wouldn t come out there and help me? I said, It depends on the animal. If it s a cat, I ll come out there and kick the cat. I ll kick the shit out of a cat. But if it s a mountain lion, fuck no. I m not going out there. Ain t no way in hell. She says, So you would just let me die?  If that was God s plan. I m not gonna… I m not gonna fuck with God s plan. Who am I to rewrite what God wrote? That s what God wrote next to your name. It said ‘death by mountain lion attack.  Who the fuck am I to rewrite that? I m being honest with you all. You know the real reason why I wouldn t help my lady if she got attacked by a mountain lion? I don t know if I wanna be with a woman that survived a mountain lion attack. I don t… I don t know if I ma feel the same way about you when you come out of that attack. Like, what if he got you good? What if he bit your neck up? Or if he bit your shoulder off? You ain t got no shoulder no more? That s tough. That s tough. I can t be with no girl that don t have no shoulder. I can t. I m sorry. You can call me an asshole all you want. I can t be with a girl that can t do this. Mmm! If you can t do that… If you can t shoulder shrug, bitch, I can t be with you. You can t shoulder shrug, bitch? Mmm! You know how many times you shoulder shrug in a day? You know how many times you shoulder shrug? Look, you did it a little bit just now. Little bit. Look at you. Little bit. Ladies, let me tell you something. You don t know how important your shoulders are until you lose one of them. Life will change without both shoulders, I promise you that. I tell you what, you could kiss halter tops good-bye. That s over. Every shirt you put on gonna look like a goddamn toga outfit. All that shit coming across the chest. I don t wanna be with a toga bitch. I don t want her. The girl that look like she won a pageant every day. [LAUGHING] You won every day? Oh! Here come Michelle. Here come Miss America. I don t wanna be with her. I tell you what, if you got one shoulder and we get pulled over by the cops, we re going to jail. We re going to jail. ‘Cause everything you do is gonna come off as sarcasm. Ma am, do you know why I pulled you over?  No.  Get the fuck out of the car. Right now! Get out the car! You wanna be a smartass? You re going to jail.  I m not! I m not! This is how it is. I m stuck with this. Don t do this, please. Cop have a tough time grabbing you out the car. Get your ass out the goddamn… You can t be cold with one shoulder. You can t shiver with one shoulder. Ain t nobody gonna believe you. What the fuck is wrong with you?  It s freezing in here.  No, bitch, you twitching. That s drugs. I know drugs when I see it.  Get your high ass out of my goddamn house. You re high! If you only got one shoulder, the only game you ll be good at is a game of tag. Can t nobody tag you. You out there dipping everything. [GRUNTS] Shit! [GRUNTING] I can t tag this bitch, man! She out here dipping everything.  You gotta go for the shoulder side. Ladies, I can feel you judging me. Stop judging me. I feel it. Kevin, you wrong. You wrong. That woman loved you. She was with you from the beginning. She held you down. Let me tell you something, ladies. You can t hold nobody down without two shoulders. It s a scientific fact. You need two shoulders. I ll start it with you guys. I ll ask you a question. Sweetie, do you think you re the type of woman that could stay with your man regardless of any freak accident? Yeah? You know why I love asking women that question? Because your answers are never realistic. See, women answer questions with emotion. Emotion made you say yes. Yes! Yes, I love him! Yes! That s emotion. You don t even know the fucking scenario. You don t even know what happened. So I ma give you a scenario. Let s say you and your man taking a walk. Beautiful day outside. You look at your man, you say, Babe, I love you more today than I did yesterday. Out of nowhere, an orangutan hops the fence, attacks your man. The orangutan takes his kneecaps. He can never do this again in life. He is straight-legged for the rest of his life. You can deal with this right here? This ain t gonna fuck with you every day? Every goddamn day, this ain t gonna fuck with you? Looking at this? Butt-ass naked, going to the bathroom like this. This ain t gonna fuck with you? You a goddamn liar. One of those days, you re gonna fucking snap. If you don t go sit your straight-legged ass down… Walking all straight all over the fucking house! Sit your no-knee-bending ass down! You re gonna get mad cause you still wanna do knee-bending shit. Hey, babe! Babe! We still going bowling on Tuesday? All your friends hate when you bring him cause he takes too long to bowl. They get mad. I can t stand when she brings his ass! He can never relax. He s so uptight! You get mad. I can t relax cause I ain t got no knees! I got attacked by an orangutan! Your black girlfriend ll be there. She ll never believe shit. An orangutan? Really? That s my black girl don t believe shit face. Orangutan? Really? Why is that? Why don t black women believe shit? What happened? What happened? You can t convince a black woman of shit. Hey, babe. Babe, don t walk over there. It s real slippery right there.  Slippery? Really? She walk over there anyway, trips, falls, hits her head. Oh, my God, it s slippery over here. They need to put a sign up.  Bitch, I just told you, it was fucking slippery over there.  Did you tell me? Really? [AUDIENCE ECHOING] Could you still have sex with the guy that can t bend his knees? If he was aggressive about it? That s an honest question. Could you have sex with a guy that can t bend his knees? Hey! Hey! Get over here and get some of this lock-knee dick.  Don t run! Don t run! Don t run! [LAUGHS] It look like he be skiing on your ass, that s what it look like. When he cums, it looks like he jumped a big-ass ski ramp. Oh! Look at all the black women. Ski ramp? Really? [AUDIENCE CHEERING] Oh! Stop it. Cut it out. Stop trying to make me feel tall. This is how I think, people. I m a drastic thinker. I m not worse than my lady, though. My lady is the queen of hypothetical thoughts. You know what I feel like? I feel like all women suffer from this disease. Women love to ask men questions about shit that would never happen. You love it. Babe, babe, what would you do if… Babe, babe, hypothetically speaking, but not really, but if it did, what could might be, huh? You love it. True story right now. Me and my lady, we re on a boat. Right? We re on a boat. We hit a wave. She go, Oh, my God, babe, what if we would ve hit that wave, and I would ve fell out the boat in the middle of the ocean, and then a shark would ve started swimming around me? What would you do?  I ma get the camera and start taping. Some shit about to go down. I don t know.  Stop being an asshole and answer the question!  What do you mean, answer the question? It s a shark. Like, I don t know who she wants me to be in her head. Like, what nigga is that tough that he sees a shark and goes, I m sick of this shark shit! And jumps in the water to fight the shark? I m not that guy. I don t have that muscle. She said, Well, what if the shark attacked me, but I got away, and I swam back to the boat? I said, That would never happen. What kind of attack was this? She said, What do you mean?  What do you mean, what do I mean?  What kind of attack was this? What did the shark get? She said, The shark bit off one leg, one arm.  The shark bit off one leg and one arm, and you swam back to the boat? That s what you re telling me? Was it on the same side? ‘Cause on the same side, you re just gonna go in a circle. This is all you re gonna do right here, is one big-ass circle. You ain t going no-fucking-where.  Stop being an asshole, Kevin, and answer the question.  I can t answer the question if you don t make the question make sense. She said, Fine. Alternate the sides. He bit one leg on this side, one arm on this side. I said, So, what, you wanna know what I would say when you got back to the boat? She said, Yeah. What would you say?  Well, who else is on the boat? She said, It s just us. It s nobody else on the boat. Just us.  Okay, let me get this straight. You get attacked by the shark, shark bites off one leg, one arm, you swim back to the boat, you climb up on the boat, you re standing in front of me on one leg, it s nobody else on the boat, nobody else. If it s nobody else on the boat, I ma push you back in. I ma push you back in. Shark gotta finish that. He gotta finish that. I m not going home with that. I didn t leave with that. Why do I have to go home with that? That s not what I left with. The shark gotta clean that plate. Clean that plate, Mr. Shark. That s what my mom tell me, Finish your food. You better finish that fucking food. Y all can think I m an asshole all you want. This is how I think, man. I told you, I m a drastic thinker. This is why I told my family we need to move. I m not the father for the environment that we live in. I m not. Good thing about my family is we table everything. Everything is up for discussion. I told my son, I said, Look. I told you I wanna move. Tell me why you wanna stay. My son told me flat-out, Dad, I don t wanna move because I don t wanna leave my room. I get it. I went all out for my son s room. My son used to be into Spider-Man, now he s into Batman. So I went out, I got his whole room painted as Gotham City. I put the bat symbol on the wall. His bed is the Batmobile. Batman is on the actual ceiling. When my son first saw the room, he went off. [GROWLS] Dad! [GROWLS] [CHUCKLES] He was like, I love it! [GROWLS] I told you all, private schools are fucking my kids up. They are. My son has a lot of white friends. They got real long hair. So my son gets excited, he does this shit. Listen, listen to me. It makes me so mad. Do you understand me? This shit makes me so fucking mad. The reason why is because his hair looks just like mine. It s just like mine. So I m like, What are you doing? He was like, I couldn t see you.  Bitch, you see me. Don t… Don t do that. You see me. I m right here. Don t act like you can t see me. He was like, I just wanna play.  Fine, go. Go play. My son goes in his room, he plays all day. All day. It s time for bed. I say, Go in there, brush your teeth, wash your face, get into bed. I ma kiss you good night. My son gets into bed, I kiss my son good night, I cut out the lights, I walk out. When I walk out, I hear a bunch of screaming. No! Don t do it, Batman, please! What the fuck? I go running back in the room. I run back in the room, this woman made Batman glow in the dark. So Batman… Batman… [CHUCKLES] Batman looked like he was about to rape my son. He was just staring at my son. Hey, I m not gonna lie, I got scared. I said, Get the fuck out of the bed! Get out the bed before he swoop down on your ass and I can t do nothing about it! I can t beat Batman. My daughter said, Dad, I don t wanna move because I love the space. My daughter s favorite game to play at the house, she loves to hide from people, wait for you to walk by, jump out and scare you. [SCREAMS] This girl s patience is unbelievable. I ve never seen anything like it. Like, I ve seen my daughter go hide, but then I forgot that she went to go hide. So, like, five, six hours go by. I finally walk by, she jumps out, but she s too weak to scare me. [SCREAMS SOFTLY] What took you so long, Daddy? I haven t eaten anything all day. I m so hungry. My lips are dry, they re bleeding. I need some water right now, I swear to God. My kids are characters, but my kids are my best friends. Honestly, they re my best friends. I love the fact that me and my kids talk. We communicate. Now, I m not gonna lie. I m not gonna act like it s all perfect, because it s not. We butt heads. I recently got mad at my kids because I feel like my kids don t put a lot of thought into the gifts that they give me. This shit pisses me off. I m serious, they re making me mad. I go all out for my kids. So I feel like when it s time to do something for me, put the same time, energy and effort into it that I do when I do shit for you. This is what made me mad. For my birthday, my son gave me a handprint. This boy dipped his hand in paint, put it on a piece of paper, said, Happy birthday, Dad. Love, Hendrix. Came home excited. Dad, I got you something for your birthday. You re gonna love it. Close your eyes. I close my eyes. I m emotional, I start crying. Boy, don t do this to me. Don t do this. Not today. Don t do it today. What is it? He said, Open your eyes. Happy birthday, Dad. I did this because I love you. I looked at it, I said, I m gonna be honest with you, son. I don t really feel like you do. I don t think this is a good representation of your level of love for me. This is a shitty gift. It s a fucked-up gift. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw my daughter pushing a macaroni plate back down into her book bag. I saw her. I said, What the fuck is that? She looked me in the eye. Mmm, trying to figure it out. I don t know yet. I don t know what I want it to be. Now, I m not gonna lie to y all and say I didn t hold a grudge, because I did. I held a grudge. I held a grudge all the way up until my son s birthday. My son s birthday came, he woke up, he was hyped. Dad! You know what today is?  I sure do, son, it s your birthday. We gonna turn up like we always do. My son goes to school, gets home. When he gets home, I got a bunch of presents wrapped up in boxes laid all out on the bed. He opens em up. I had 57 handprints in all the boxes. He saw it, he starts crying. He was like, What is this? I said, Those are high fives. I got you high fives. He said, But I didn t ask for these. I said, Neither did I. You selfish son of a bitch. You better be lucky I didn t take a picture of my ass and put it in that box, tell you to kiss my fucking ass, that s what I should ve did. I should ve let Batman rape you. I said that. Swear to God, I said that. I know it s wrong, but I said it. When I really wanna piss my kids off, I let my dad spend time with them. That s how I really get to them. Here s the thing. My kids love their grandpop, they really do. They just don t like to be with him for too long cause my dad is too loud. It s like the older you get, the louder you get. This isn t even a joke. This is how my dad walks in my house. This is his entrance. Where the babies at? Hey! Hey! Ho! Ho! Ho! That s his entrance. It s at the point now where I can t even let my dad watch my kids by himself. I gotta watch my dad while he watches my kids. ‘Cause he does too many stupid things. I caught my dad giving my kids raw candy out of his pocket. Candy with no wrapper. It was loose. It was just in his pocket. He said, Huh, huh, y all want one of these?  What the fuck is that? What are they? He said, Peppermints.  Ain t no goddamn peppermint. Where the lines at on that peppermint? He said, My jeans must have rubbed it off.  nigga! You re not about to give my kids no jean-dyed peppermint!  Fine, more for me. Takes the peppermint out of his pocket, puts it in his mouth. Five minutes go by, I saw my dad take that peppermint out of his mouth, put it back in his pocket. Those were half-sucked on peppermints! He s not gonna give my kids no goddamn suck-and-saves. That s a suck-and-save! That s an old people trick. Old people love to suck on candy and save it. I ma save this till after church.  Nana, eat that fucking candy! Little piece of candy left, Grandma. Eat that fucking candy! [AUDIENCE CHEERING] My dad is a character. The shit that I m telling you, you can t make up. I bought my dad an iPhone 6 for his birthday. I ve never seen my dad use the phone. Never. He comes downstairs one day, he goes, Hey! I wanna take the kids to go get some pizza. I said, First of all, you re not going anywhere with my kids by yourself. We can go as a group. I said, Where you wanna go? This is true shit. You cannot make this up. My dad takes his phone out of his back pocket, this is what I hear, Cyrus, where is the closest pizza spot?  What did you just say? [SHUSHING] Cyrus, where you at? Talk to me. Looking for a pizza spot. Wake up. Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up. He starts shaking the phone. Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up. My dad thinks there s a nigga living in the phone! It s ‘Siri , you dumb bitch! ‘Siri ! Not goddamn Cyrus. He s a character. I love him, though. Hates the fact that I don t whup my kids. Hates it. My dad is old school, old generation. Old generation believes in whupping the kid s ass. That s all they believe in. It s not that I don t. It s not that I don t. I don t want y all to think that I don t. I just don t feel like I need to whup my kid s ass. My voice is enough. Shut the fuck up! That s enough. Private school kids, they get scared fast. [SCREAMING] Dad s going crazy again! Let s go to our secret spot! Private school kids. I m not gonna lie to y all. It does piss me off that my kids don t have any edge. I want my kids to have edge. But they re not. I m not a thug, I m not a killer, people. But I got some edge to me. You need edge to survive in life. My kids aren t gonna have that edge. The reason why is because they re growing up different than I grew up. My son definitely doesn t have it. I gave up. I don t even give a shit. It is what it is. Swear to God, it is what it is. I ma tell you the day that I gave up. The day that I gave up, I got some of my friends over to my house that I grew up with. We re in the kitchen, we re having a thug-like conversation about our pasts. Yo, Kev. You remember when Ronald got shot in the back of the head?  God damn, I do. I really do. Died on the spot.  What about Terry? You remember Terry got shot in the back?  Fuck! I remember that. I hear my son coming down the steps. I hear his flip-flops popping. [CLICKING TONGUE] They re popping fast. [CONTINUES CLICKING] So that means he s walking with a purpose. Something s wrong. He gets downstairs, he got an attitude. Dad! Wi-Fi s down! What the fuck? What? Well, you want me to reboot it? ‘Cause nobody else seems to care.  Go! Go, reboot it, man. Go.  I m thirsty, could I have a Capri Sun?  Son, get the fuck out of my face. Just go. Go! Them tight-ass pajamas. Take your ass upstairs. Go. And put on some loose pajamas! Now, I don t know what made me more upset. That, or my friend going, Who the fuck is Wi-Fi? I said, What did you just say?  I m saying, he said that they re gonna reboot it. If they re strapped, we re strapped. I ma die for mines.  What the fuck are you talking about, man? It s the Internet, jackass! It s the Internet!  Well, you need to say something,  cause we almost lost a life today.  Whose life? You was gonna kill my son?  Depending on what side he was on. What? My dad called me over the holidays. Hey! I miss you. I miss you, I miss them babies. I wanna come see y all. I said, Dad, all you gotta do is tell me when, I ll put you on a plane. He said, Well, I wanna bring Connie with me.  Dad, you wanna bring Connie, you can bring Connie.  Well, before I bring her, I need to know if your house is wheelchair accessible.  Well, Dad, nobody in my house is in a wheelchair, so I never felt the need to wheelchair-accessorize my home.  Well, you need to get it right. Connie s in a wheelchair now.  What the fuck happened to Connie? Why is Connie in a wheelchair?  It s a long story. She got hit by a car.  Okay, first of all, you just told the story. It wasn t that long at all. Second of all, how d she get hit by a car? What happened?  Look, boy, I ain t got time to talk to you about that. I was driving, she was in the street, it was raining. Legally, I can t talk about it  cause the case is still open.  The case? You got a case?  Look, boy, just get some wheelchair shit for the house.  Fine. I don t know what wheelchair shit is, people. I have no idea what wheelchair shit is. True story. I went out, I bought a handicapped sign, I put it in the driveway. True story, swear to God. ‘Cause that way, when they pull up, I look like I support. Like, hey. Hey. Look who s welcome here. Like, hey. They get there, my dad takes the wheelchair out of the car, puts Connie in the wheelchair. He rolls Connie in the house. Connie gets in the house, she goes off. Oh, my God! I love it! I love it! I wanna see the whole house! She says, Spoon, push me all over so I can see everything. My dad snapped. No! No! Sick of this pushing shit! That s what he said. I ve been pushing your ass all over the place all goddamn day. Wherever I sit you is where you re gonna have to stay until I feel like moving you again. I said, What? Why can t she just roll around the house by herself? He said, ‘Cause when I sit her down, I ma lock the back brakes so she can t move.  For what?  Because I love her! And I don t want her rolling out of my life, that s why.  Okay, all right, stop. Everybody, stop. Stop. I said, Look, y all just landed, man. Everybody s a little bit on edge. This is what we re gonna do. We re gonna have a family night. I ma order some food, we re gonna watch a movie. That s what we re gonna do. I order some food, I say, Connie, go in the other room. Go pick out a movie you wanna watch. Connie goes in the room, she picks out a movie. She comes back. The movie she picked out was called The Conjuring. For those people here tonight who do not know what The Conjuring is, The Conjuring is a scary-ass movie that came out a long time ago. I said, Connie, I don t think it s a good idea for us to watch that because of everything that s been going on around the house. My dad says, Stop being a bitch. I said, No, Dad, I m serious. A raccoon shot at me twice, grabbed his dick, disappeared into the dark. I don t have lights in my driveway. He said, Stop being a bitch! Connie wants to watch the movie, we re gonna watch the movie. Fine. We watch The Conjuring. After the movie s over, it did exactly what I thought it would do, scared the shit out of me. My dad and Connie, they wanna go upstairs and they wanna go to sleep. Me and my dad pick Connie in the wheelchair up, carry her upstairs, Connie and my dad get into bed, they go to sleep. Me and my lady get into bed, my lady goes to sleep. I m up. I can t go to sleep, cause I got The Conjuring on my mind. I hear this in the hallway. [THUDDING] [SPOOKY MUSIC PLAYING] [THUNDER RUMBLING] Every man in this room tonight has done this at least once. [RUMBLING CONTINUES] Hey, babe, are you up? I just heard some shit in the hallway.  No, I m asleep. Just go see what it is.  Go put some shoes on so you can go see what it is with me, so we can both go see what it is.  Stop, Kevin, I m asleep. Just go see what it is. I hear it again. [THUDDING] [THUNDER RUMBLING] You ever get so scared that you don t know where to put your hands at? All right! Don t make me come out there! ‘Cause if I get out there, I ma be there! I don t even know what that means. I was scared. It was the first thing that came to my mind. She said, Stop yelling at my ear, just go see what it is.  Well, you re up. It don t look like you re asleep, so you should come with me. Fine, fine. I ll go by myself. I sleep naked, so I had to get up, I had to put a robe on. I grabbed my robe, I start scared-walking towards the hallway. Scared-walking is when you re walking, but you re leaning backwards just in case… Just in case some shit goes down, you can get the fuck up out of there real quick. It s quick. I m scared-walking. Scared-walking. I get to the hallway. As soon as I get to the hallway, I cut the lights on. [SCREAMS] I don t what it is, people act like lights can stop a murder. Like… Like a murderer will see lights and be like, Man, I was about to stab you in the neck, but you got these fucking lights on, I ain t gonna do it now. They don t give a shit about lights. I start scared-walking down this way. Scared-walking. I m scared-walking. Scared-walking. Out of nowhere, my daughter jumps from behind the wall. [SCREAMING] Listen to me. Scared the living shit out of me. All I can tell y all is that she learned from her past mistakes. She had a canteen on this hip, she had a fanny pack on this hip with snacks and shit. I don t know how long she was there, but it had to be for a long time. I was so scared, I turned around, I jumped down my flight of steps. I got 15 steps in my house. I just jumped. When I jumped, the air got the best of my robe, it blew my robe up. My dick, my ass, everything is out. Somehow my car keys fall in my hand. Don t know how. I don t really care. I land, I run out the front door, get in my car, start the car up, I start laughing. I start dying laughing. The reason why I was laughing is because I realized that I don t give a fuck about my family. I was like, I don t care. I don t care! I don t care! I didn t go wake my son up. I didn t go check on my lady. To be 100% honest with you all, I don t even know if that was my daughter or not. In my mind, that was the little bitch from The Conjuring that was clapping at everybody goddamn near her. I turn around and back out the driveway, my dad is sitting in the backseat of the car. I said, What the fuck is going on here? My dad goes… [THUNDER RUMBLING] Did you hear that shit? I said, What?  Did you hear that shit? We gotta get the fuck outta here! I said, What about Connie? He said, What about her? I can t carry that goddamn chair downstairs by myself! I locked the back brakes. The back brakes are jammed. I can t get the back brakes unjammed. We gotta get the fuck outta here right now! I said, If you was that scared, then why didn t you leave already? He said, ‘Cause a raccoon kept coming to the car going ‘bang, bang, and then he grabbed his dick, disappeared into the dark. We gotta get the fuck outta here right now! He pulled out his iPhone and he said, Cyrus, wake your ass up! Get my ass up outta here right now! We ain t got time for you to be fucking asleep, Cyrus.  It s Siri, you dumb bitch. Siri. The toughest part about that night was the next morning when I got back home. Oh! Oh, no, we left! I m sorry, I forgot. Yeah, we left. Me and my dad made an executive decision to save ourselves. We got the fuck up outta there. The reason why the next morning was so tough cause as soon as I walked in the house, my lady was in the kitchen. She was like, Where did you go last night? And I told her, I was like, I left. She said, What do you mean, you left? I was like, I left. I saved myself. The only reason why I came back is because I didn t see anything on the news so I knew you were still alive. I told the truth. I did. The reason why I told the truth is because I told myself that I m not gonna lie anymore. The only way I ll lie is if the truth doesn t sound believable. Ladies, please, please try to understand that. That doesn t mean I was out cheating or fucking. It means that whatever I was doing just doesn t sound right when I say it out loud. That s it. That s all it means. Everybody that follows me knows that all my comedy comes from a real place. First and foremost, understand that I m older now. I m 36. My friends are older than me. 42, 46, 47, 48. We go out, we do older guy shit. Me and my friends go to a lounge, this is a true story. When we get to the lounge, for some reason, we re watching ping-pong on TV. We are locked in to this ping-pong match. Outta nowhere, my friend Joey goes, You d better be lucky we don t have a ping-pong table. If we did, I would bust all y all s ass. I said, Bet money, bitch. That s me and my friends biggest problem. We re competitive. The word bet sets off that competitive nature. I said, Bet money, bitch. Harry said, Bet. Wayne, Bet. Spank, Bet. Joey, Bet.  Bitch, bet.  Bet.  Bet.  Motherfucker, bet.  Bet.  nigga, bet.  Bet.  Bet it, bitch.  Bet.  Bet.  Fuck you, bet.  Bet. We get in the car, we drive to Walmart. We drive to Walmart, we buy a ping-pong table. We go back to Joey s house, we set the ping-pong table up in the kitchen. We get to playing ping-pong. Our game looks nothing like the game that we were watching on TV. So we decide to add alcohol into the mix. Hit the ball into the net, gotta take a shot. You get slammed on, gotta take two shots. You get slammed on and you miss the ball completely, gotta take three shots. Somewhere along the line, the game got so competitive that Joey decided to cut his jeans into jean shorts cause he said he wasn t getting enough lateral movement in the house. Here s the fucked-up part about that. It was Joey s house. All Joey had to do is go upstairs and change into a pair of goddamn jean shorts. Here s the second fucked-up part about that. Joey went upstairs to get the scissors to come back downstairs and cut his jeans into jean shorts. Somewhere along the line, I get slammed on. I go to return the ball, I miss the ball, run into the wall, fall down, black out. I wake up, it s 10:00 am. Holy shit. It s 10:00 am! I wake up, I look at my phone, I got 37 missed calls, 47 text messages. Fellas, I ma tell you something. The worst thing that you can do in life is not respond to your lady s text messages. Do you hear me? That s the worst thing that you could do. The reason why I say that is because your woman will then proceed to having a conversation with herself through the messages that she s sending you. Listen to me. This is what that conversation looks like. [CELL PHONE CHIMES] [SINGSONG] So this is what we doing now? Wow! I guess this what we re doing now. You know what? I hope that bitch is worth it. Wow! So you telling me that bitch is worth it? You know what? Don t even come home tonight. Wow! So you really not gonna come home tonight? [IN NORMAL VOICE] She s drawing conclusions and answering the conclusions that she drew by herself. It s a sickness, ladies. It s a disease. First thing I do, I haul ass into Joey s room. Joey! Wake your ass up! What the hell you let me sleep over here till 10:00 am for? You know damn well I gotta be home. He said, Let me stop you right there, Kev. First of all, I don t know where you have to be. Okay? What I do know, is that I m where I m supposed to be. I know that. I know that much. He said, It sounds to me like you need to make better life decisions. I said, Joey, don t start that shit. Don t start that. This is serious. It s 10:00 am! I can t just walk in the house with nothing wrong with me at 10:00 am. I m not drunk, I m not injured. I can t stroll in the house perfectly fine and be like, ‘Morning,  and just go to bed like everything s all right at fucking 10:00 am. He said, Why not? That s your house.  I don t give a fuck whose house it is, Joey! It s the principle! I said, Reverse it. Let s reverse it. Let s say your lady stayed out all night. You d been calling and texting her all night, she ain t responded to nothing. She just walks in the house at 10:00 am. In your mind, what was she doing?  Oh, that means she was out there sucking dick, that s what that means she was doing. I said, That s my point. That s what she s gonna think I was doing.  Your lady gonna think you was sucking dick, that s what you telling me? Well, you ain t sucked no dick over here, I ll tell you that. This ain t the dick-sucking house, so I don t know where you did that at.  Joey, shut your dumb ass up! Shut up! Bottom line, I m not going to my house like this. I said, Joey, I got a plan. This is what I m gonna do. Get up, get dressed. Put on the same clothes you had on last night. We re gonna get in my car. I m gonna run my car into a wall, okay? That way the airbags deploy. When they deploy, I ma take a selfie. I ma post it. I ma be like, ‘Fuck! Another accident! Shit happens.  #HospitalReady. #iLoveMyLadyTho. Um… #TheDevilisALiar. #JesusTookTheWheelAgain. The point that I m making is that I was willing to go through all those drastic measures just to avoid telling the truth. The truth is, I was playing ping-pong. But if I walk in the house at 10:00 am, as soon as I walk in the house, my lady in the kitchen, and she like, Where the fuck was you at last night? And I go, I was playing ping-pong! And then her black girlfriend pop out and she like, Ping-pong? Really? [AUDIENCE ECHOING] I m in trouble. I know my lady, people. I ma tell you the worst thing about my woman. The worst thing about her is her sense of humor. After I proposed, I had to go to Atlanta for two months. I m in Atlanta, I m filming a movie. I get to my hotel, I unpack my bag, I find a pocket pussy in my bag. For those people here tonight who do not know what a pocket pussy is, a pocket pussy… A pocket pussy is a pussy you put in your pocket. I don t know, people. It s self-explanatory. I think the definition is in the title. All I know is, I didn t put it in my bag. I call her. Hey! You put this pocket pussy in my bag?  Yes. Yes, I did.  For what?  Because you re gonna be gone for two months. If you get the urge to do something, I suggest you do it to that pocket pussy.  Girl, get off my phone. Bye.  Bye. I hang up the phone, unpack my bag, I put the pocket pussy on the table. I walk by that pocket pussy for three days, people. Each day became more difficult than the day before. Day one… Day one, I was cool. Ha! She bought a pocket pussy, put a pocket pussy in my bag! She crazy, bought a pocket pussy! Day two. Let me read the package. What does it say? Like, what is it? Day three. I ma open it cause I wanna smell it. Is it real? Like, what is it? Day four was the saddest day of my life. Day four was the day that I decided to fuck the pocket pussy. Let me tell you when it got bad. It didn t get bad until I caught a reflection of what I was doing in the mirror. I was going to work on this pocket pussy, people. I swear to God. I was butt-ass naked, sweating, talking shit. You think I m just gonna walk by you every day? That s what you think? You asked for this. You wanted this just as much as I did. I was so disappointed in myself. Let me tell you, here s why I was mad. I was mad at the fact that they make contraptions for men. Like, fellas, if we wanna use something to please ourselves sexually, we look like creeps. Perverts. Women, you got it made. You got cute shit. You got the bullet. The bullet is this big. You can fit it in your coin purse. Use it at your desk at work. [MAKES BUZZING NOISE] [MOANING] [MAKES BUZZING NOISE] [MOANING] You all right, Carol?  I am now.  What the fuck happened to you? It s not the same for men. I ve been to the sex store. The shit that I saw, it disgusted me. The pocket mouth. The pocket ass. The pocket titties. I was disgusted. Ugh! Ugh! Ugh! I bought all of it. I did. No, I know. I know. That s one of the longest walks I ve ever taken back to my car in my life. When they give you that pitch-black pervert plastic bag, you re trying to look normal. [FUNKY MUSIC PLAYING] You look like a fucking creep. Everything about you says creep . You re trying to speak, How you all doing? Everybody all right?  Get your freaky ass outta here, man! I see that black plastic bag full of dicks. Get your dick-in-a-bag-ass outta here, man.  Right, all right. Got you. I was excited when I got back to my hotel. I laid it all out on the bed. I was like, All right. Who s gonna get this dick first? I was excited. I was excited cause I created the perfect woman. I had the black ass, the white titties, the Latina mouth. Whoo-hoo! Oh, man. It looked like somebody raped Mrs. Potato Head and left it all over the place. [LAUGHING] I couldn t do it. I can t do this shit. I can t use this. There s only one thing that I ve ever used for sexual enhancement. One thing. One thing. I don t give a shit, I ll tell the truth. I ll be honest with you. I was having a bad week. It was a bad sex week for me. I was cumming fast all week. It was a premie week. That s what I called it. It didn t get bad until my lady gave me that frustration deep breath. [EXCLAIMING IN ANNOYANCE] Your lady ever give you that? She roll over on you… [EXCLAIMING IN ANNOYANCE] You want me to rub your back? You all right? You want me to do anything? I m not drinking enough water, that s the problem. I m not drinking enough water. I m dehydrated. I really think that s the problem. I ve only used one thing for sexual enhancement. One thing. Good thing about me and my friends is we fucking… We talk. We confide in one another. I called Nate. I said, Nate, I don t know what s going on with my body, man. I ve been cumming fast all week, dude. Is this a medical issue? Like, really, do I need to go to the doctor? Is my blood level low? Do I need a pill? He said, Shut your ass up. You re a man. Happens to the best of us. He said, If you wanna fix this right away, I ve got this numbing cream. You put the numbing cream on your shit before you do it, it ll numb you up, you ll last forever. I said, Nate, I need that tonight. True story. I go to Nate s house, he gives me the cream, I put it on at his house. I call my lady, I start talking shit. Hey, you ve been running your mouth all week. As soon as I get home, Operation Put-A-Hole-In-Your-Back is in session. As soon as I get home.  Whatever, whatever.  Ain t no whatever. Hole-In-Your-Back as soon as I get home. I get home, we go at it. She stops me, she starts giving me head. [MAKES SUCKING NOISE] I stop her. We start doing it again. I m talking shit. Uh-huh. Uh-huh! You did this! You did this to yourself! Look at you sitting there, looking all stupid. With that dumb-ass goddamn look on your face. Can t say shit now. Say something! Say something! Say something! Say something! Say something! Say something! She said, [IN SQUEAKY FEMALE VOICE] I can t feel my mouth. [IN NORMAL VOICE] I said, What? She said, My mouth feels numb. I can t feel my mouth. I look down, slobber and shit coming out the side of her mouth. It dawned on me she done sucked all the numbing cream off. But as a man, you can t tell on yourself. You gotta take this to the grave. So I just made some shit up. I said, You must be allergic to these pillowcases. These are new pillowcases. She s like, I know. She said, I know, I m gonna throw them in the trash. I said, Yeah. We gotta get rid of these. This is what almost made me shit on myself. She said… She said, I don t feel pretty.  You don t look it right now. This is fucked up. This is bad for everybody. You over here with that permanent going-down-on- the-roller-coaster face. This is fucked up. Oh, no. Oh, no. I let, like, a week go by, then I told her. I told her what happened. I didn t give a shit. I told you guys, I m 36. 36 is the perfect age to stop giving a shit. The shit that I used to care about, I don t care about anymore. Like when I wear white underwear. Now, I don t care about wearing em. Back then, if I had, like, shit stains in my drawers, I would try to get my drawers before she saw them. Get em out of the house. Get in my car, drive, cut em up, throw em out at different exits. She ain t never gonna find these. CSI couldn t find these. Why do women love to argue about obvious shit? Like, she found a pair of my drawers with shit stains in them one time, she confronted me. Uh, excuse me. What is this?  Bitch, it s shit. What do you think it is? It s shit. It s perfectly placed in the crack of my ass. What else would it be? What, you think I got a Sharpie and I m fucking with you? You think I got a brown Sharpie, and I m like, ‘She s gonna think this is shit?  Smell it, it smells like shit. I got mad cause I knew where I hid them. So I tried to flip it. I was like, What the fuck you doing behind the dresser? I hid those behind the dresser! Shit that I used to care about, I don t care. I don t care about not giving a shit as long as I don t go crazy. I don t wanna become crazy. I respect crazy people too much. The reason why, I ve had too many situations with real-life crazy people. I ma tell you, the craziest situation I ve ever been in, one night, I m drunk. I m hungry. Everything s closed, so I stop at a gas station. I go to the gas station and it s crowded. There s like 13 people in line. I want my chips and snacks that bad that I m willing to wait in line. I decide to open up my chips. I start eating them while I m in line. Out of nowhere, the guy in front of me snaps. Sick of this shit! Bitch on the register all fucking slow! I bet you ll speed it up when I start shooting these motherfuckers in the head! When I turned back around, we locked eyes. We re looking at each other. I panicked, I was like, You took the words right outta my goddamn mouth! I was about to say the same shit! He said, Yeah, cause me and you brothers, that s why. Don t worry, I got this one. You get the next one. You can leave. I said, Thank you. I left real fast. I didn t say shit. I just walked out. Let me tell you something. One of the most uncomfortable moments in my life was the day that I had to walk by 13 people that have just been told that they was about to die when I got chose to live. The reason why I was mad was cause they kept staring at me on my way out. I was like, What? He chose me. What do you want from me? This one lady was like, Call the cops. I was like, I can t. My phone s dead. Just like you. And I walked out. I was like this. I was just happy to be alive. I got stories like that for days. I can give you guys, by far, this is probably my most uncomfortable moment in life by far. I m at the airport. I just landed. I m on my way to baggage claim. While I m walking to baggage claim, out of nowhere, my stomach tells my ass that I gotta shit right now. I ve never felt anything like this in my life. I had to shut my body down. Don t nobody know what s going on except me and my ass. I had to lock my ass up. That s when you just get tight ass. I m having a conversation with my ass. Come on, man. You really gonna do this shit right now? My ass was like, Yup, right now.  You can t wait 20 minutes till I get back to the house?  Nope, you got 20 seconds. Clock starts now. 19, 18, 17, 16, 15… I say, You got to be shitting me. He said, I m not, but I will.  Okay, wait, wait, wait, wait. Wait. Wait! I don t wanna go to the bathroom at the airport, but I don t have a choice. The reason why I don t wanna go to the bathroom at the airport is because I don t want people taking pictures of me going to the bathroom and coming out, posting it. #KevinHartStinkybutt. People play too much. Social media shit has gotten out of hand. But I can t hold it, I have to go. I make the decision to use the bathroom at the airport. I m in the bathroom stall, right? Once again, people, you cannot make shit like this up. [TOILET FLUSHING] This is what it looks like, people. No, I m for real, this is a life-size photo. This is really what it looks like. This is how small I am on an actual toilet. I m in the bathroom. It s 6:30 in the morning. I m by myself. By myself. It s quiet. It s just like this. Quiet. This is what I hear outta nowhere. Yo, Kev Hart, how long you gonna be, man? I wanna get a picture with you when you come out. Immediately I put my feet up. I did this right here. I said, if he can t see my feet, he ll go away. He s like, Come on, man, I saw your feet already. I know you re in there. Just gimme a timeframe. How long you gonna be?  Gimme like 15, 20 minutes, man.  Come on, man, that s too long. My flight leaves in like 10 minutes. Just pinch it. Pinch it off for me.  What the fuck? What? No, man. Ain t nobody s pinching nothing, man. Just get outta here.  Kev, don t do me like that. I m your biggest fan, man. I support everything you do. What would you do if you was me?  I would let me shit by myself, man. Just get outta here. He said, Kev, come on. You know what? This is what I ma do, I ma get my picture real quick. I m just gonna put my phone over the stall, I ma snap a picture real quick. The fear that went through my body of looking up and seeing a camera flash. Oh, my God, I was scared because I didn t put toilet paper on the toilet seat. I didn t have time. I didn t want that picture to get out cause I didn t want my fan base to know that I be raw-butting these toilet seats sometimes. I said y all gonna lose respect for me if you find out that I be raw-butting these toilet seats. Listen, the reason why I had to go to the bathroom was because I drank coffee. I don t drink coffee. My lady drinks coffee. She had a vanilla latte, I tasted it. I said, God damn, babe. That s good. What is that? She said, A vanilla latte. I said, Yo, I m gonna get me one. Where d you get it from? She said, Starbucks. I said, I m going. She said, Babe, I should go with you cause you ve never been.  Girl, shut up. I m grown, I ma go by myself.  No, babe, I m serious. You don t know how it works there. Let me go with you.  Girl, shut up. I m fine. I get in the car, I drive to Starbucks. She keeps calling me while I m on the way to Starbucks. You get there yet?  You okay?  You need my help? Now I m getting nervous. Like, what the fuck is this place? I m really getting nervous. I get to Starbucks, I ve never seen anything like it. I open the door, it s mayhem. All I hear is noise. Gimme the frappe whap. Frappe whap. Frappe what, frapped lat. Frappe whap, fat lat. I ve never seen anything like it. I m scared. I m in line. I don t even know how I got in line, but I m there. I m like, in the middle. I m trying to fit in, but I know I don t. I m sweating. I m next. Here s what I don t like. I don t like the pressure that the barista put on me for not knowing the lingo. It s my first time ever going to Starbucks, people. My first time. I m like, Good morning. Um… It s crowded, right? Shit. Um, what do I want? Let me get a… Let me get a vanilla lattet.  I m sorry, sir, what d you say?  Is it… Lemme get a vanilla latex. Lattet. Let me get that.  You mean latte?  Yes, that s what I mean. Let me get a small vanilla latte.  Okay, sir, that s one tall vanilla latte.  No. That s not what I want. I don t want a tall, I want a small.  Sir, a tall is a small.  No, it s not. If that s the case, I would be tall. Tall is tall, a small is small. You know what, I don t wanna cause a rut. Whatever your version of a small is, lemme get that.  How would you like that, sir? Would you like that iced or hot? Fuck is going on, man? What you talking about? Like, when I get nervous, I just repeat shit. Would I like it iced or hot? Would I like it iced or hot? Fuck. Um… Shit. How would you get it? The lady behind me was like, Mmm. She only had one shoulder. I stopped talking to her immediately. I said, Let me get it iced. She said, What d you say? I said, Hot. Hot ice. Icy hot. Put it together like that. That s how I want it. That s how I drink it.  Sir, would you like it whipped or blended? [SINGSONG] Would I like it whipped or blended? Shit. Fuck. Would I like it whipped or blended? [IN NORMAL VOICE] You know what, whip it. Whip it, whip it real good. Just do that.  Sir, for $2 more, do you wanna make it a skinny?  Well, you know, I ain t trying to leave with the fat bitch. Do what you gotta do, man.  Sir, what kind of milk would you like? Would you like whole milk, skim milk, 2%, soy?  I didn t even know there was that many milks, man. Fuck. Shit. What, you all got the heat on? God damn, my fucking ass is sweating. Can you back up? God damn, back up! You don t see I m trying to take this test? Shit. How many? You say there s four milks? Fuck. Put them all in there. Give me every milk you ve got. I want every goddamn milk you got. Put it in there.  Sir, would you like to cut it with caramel, put cinnamon on top?  You know what? I just want to cancel it. I don t even know what I have at this point. Am I getting a latte or am I baking a fucking cake? Just let me… Let me get a banana. Can I get that banana? Just put some water in my hand so I can put it on my face real quick.  You want that water to be hot or cold?  What the fuck is your problem, man? God damn! Will you back up? Back up! Shit! Relax, bend your knees.  I can t bend my knees because I got attacked by an orangutan. The black girl popped out. Orangutan? Really? [AUDIENCE ECHOING] I m gonna be honest with y all. I don t like people that drink Starbucks coffee. I really don t. Matter of fact, if you re a real Starbucks drinker and you re here tonight, make some noise. If you re a real Starbucks drinker. [AUDIENCE CHEERING] Okay, all of y all can suck my balls. I wanted you all to know who I was talking to. Here s my question. Who the fuck do you think you are? Like, do you hear what you order? Do you hear what you re asking people to bring you back? Have you ever made an innocent Starbucks run for somebody? You don t even drink it, you re just being nice. Hey, man, I m going to Starbucks real quick. I ma get a bottle of water. Somebody want something? It s always one guy. You can tell he drinks way too much coffee cause he got too much energy. [GRUNTS] Hey! Yay! Hey-yay-yay! You going to Starbucks? You going to Starbucks? You going to Bucky s? Do me a favor, man. Let me get a, um… Let me get a caramel macchiato. Caramel macchiato. Light ice. Not heavy. If it s heavy, I m not gonna drink it. Do me a favor. Tell em to put a little bit of soy in it. Not a lot, just enough for me to taste it and go… [SMACKS LIPS] ‘Oh, boy. Okay? Three whips. Take that third whip to the top of the lip so I can take a sip, you got it? You ain t got it. I ma say it one more time. Caramel macchiato. Caramel macchiato. Light ice. Not heavy. If it s heavy, I m not gonna drink it. Do me a favor. Tell em to put a little bit of soy in it. Not a lot, just enough for me to taste it and go… [SMACKS LIPS] ‘Oh, boy. Okay? Three whips. Take that third whip to the top of the lip so I can take a sip, you got it?  Let me make sure I got it. Let me say it back to you. Black coffee. Did I get it? Is it black coffee? ‘Cause if you think I ma go across the street and say what you just said, you can suck the back of my dick twice on a Tuesday. Not a lot, just with a little bit of soy. Enough for you to suck my dick and go… [SMACKS LIPS] ‘Oh, boy.  When you get to the top of my dick, slow down so I can know you really sucked that shit. Philadelphia, my name is Kevin Hart. Thank you! [AUDIENCE CHEERING] [HIP-HOP MUSIC PLAYING] Thank you! God damn it, thank you! I love y all! Thank you, man! [AUDIENCE CONTINUES CHEERING] Thank you! From the top of this goddamn stadium to the bottom, thank you! I love y all, man! I ll tell you what, Philadelphia. This is a fucking moment, dude. This is a moment. You hear me? It s a moment. When you look around this room tonight, what I love the most is that I see every race, ethnicity, nationality possible. You hear me? I see some of everybody. We all came under the same roof and we laughed tonight. If you can laugh together, you can live together. If you can live together, you can love together. I live by those rules, and I ll be damned if I didn t see that shit happen tonight. In my city, I made fucking history, goddamn it. I m in the record books, you hear me? I am in the record books. My name is Kevin Hart, and this has been the best night of my fucking life. You hear me? Thank you all. I appreciate you so goddamn much. Good night. Peace. That s a show! Did you see that? 53,000 people! Did you feel that energy? That love in the building? Yes. I saw it, Kevin, you were great. What s wrong? What s going on? You know the man you killed? Yeah. He wasn t the leader. What you talking about? They re back. They re here? We gotta go! Get the fuck outta here. KEVIN: It s Agent 5-4. I need a helicopter ASAP. DISPATCHER ON RADIO: We need an ID challenge. Password, please. Um… [SOFTLY] National Geographic titties are my favorite thing. DISPATCHER: Sorry, Agent 5-4. You re breaking up. Please come again? [IN NORMAL VOICE] Titties with no nipples on National Geographic are my favorite thing to watch on TV. Titties with no nipples? That s your password? DISPATCHER: ID confirmed, Agent 5-4. Helicopter en route. Thank you. We re picking up two inbound bogeys about half a mile east of your location. Shit. They re on our ass. [TIRES SCREECHING] [TIRES SCREECHING] KEVIN: Oh, shit. Get in. So what now? Now? Well, now we do the same thing on a global scale. I think it s time to show the world just how funny Kevin Hart is. SINGER: [SCREAMING] Kevin!

MICHELLE WOLF@NICE LADY@2017@– [music playing] – [chatter] Announcer: Ladies and gentlemen, Michelle Wolf! [cheering, applause] Oh, stop, stop! Thank you, thank you! Guys! Boy! What a time to be alive, huh? I probably don t need to say this, but I should just let everyone know, – I am a feminist. – Woman: Whoo! I– yeah, one person, that s all. Uh, that s about average. Oh, feminism is fairly unpopular, so I should also point out I m not, like, a buy-my-own-drinks kind of feminist. We all have our lines. Mine is at the bar. It s like, I want equal pay and a chardonnay! Well, then, just the chardonnay. I do think as feminists we re fighting for too many things right now. Like, there s some feminists that are like, We wanna be in charge of stuff and we wanna get paid the same. And then there s other feminists that are like, We wanna free the nipple on Instagram. It s like, Hey, can we focus? I know she s more fun, but can we focus? It s like if during the Revolutionary War, if some soldiers were like, We wanna be independent! and then other soldiers were like, We wanna free the nipple on Instagram! You d be like, Yeah, maybe England should stay in charge of you. You sound like you d be fairly irresponsible. Also just logically, we focus our attention and power on one thing. We re much more likely to get it accomplished. So, personally, I think we should go after equal pay. But if all the women voted, and we got on the same page, and we wanted to go after nipple, fine, I ll fight nipple, I m a team player. It s just hard for me to even believe that that was a woman s idea. Sounds like a man infiltrated a meeting and he was like, We gotta get these nipples on Instagram! Did you hear we can t? It s not fair… for the women. You know me, my main concern is the women. [exhales] It s why I call em ‘the women.  And the whole debate is men are allowed to have their nipples on Instagram; women aren t. Well, here s an easier solution. Just get male nipples off of Instagram. I ve never seen a man s nipple and been like, Oh, now my day s better. Boy, do I love looking at those useless skin tags. We gotta focus! We gotta focus on what we re fighting for. Stop going after shiny objects. Like, we kept campaigning to get women on money. We re gonna get one. I don t care who s on my money. I mostly use a credit card, and there s a picture of a cat on that. And I picked it, cause I m the person you think I am. There were a ton of options. I was like, Cat. And then I saw a second cat option. I was like, I gotta open another account. I can t choose between two cats! I m not a monster. No, I don t wanna donate to your children s charity. Like, why you wanna put a woman on a dollar, anyway? It s not like a man s gonna look down at it and be like, Oh, right, I gotta start respecting these. I m sorry, stripper, I can t give this to you. I mean, Mrs. Stripper. So much is happening right now. I think a lot of us are still trying to figure out how Hillary lost. I do have a theory on why Hillary lost. I think it s cause no one likes her. Like, I voted for her, but I don t like her. Like, if she came up to talk to me at a party, I d be like, I m sorry. I have to go to the bathroom. And then if she tried to talk to me in the bathroom, I d be like, I m sorry. I have to use the men s room. I just made a life choice. But you shouldn t like Hillary. She s a bitch. You have to be a bitch to be that powerful. We re never gonna have a nice lady run for president. Nice ladies aren t in charge of things. And if you re in charge of something and you think you re a nice lady, no one else does. [laughter and applause] There are whole email chains about how much you re not a nice lady. And Hillary isn t nice, she s not fun, she doesn t go to brunch. She eats, like, a hard-boiled egg in the morning and then nothing the rest of the day. She doesn t even peel it. She just squashes it in her fist. She gets hungry in the afternoon and then slaps a man and goes, Full now. [applause] And I get it, I get not liking Hillary, but the one thing that I think is completely unforgivable is some people would be like, Well, you know what it is? I just can t listen to her. She has such a shrill voice, and it s like, [shrilly] well, sometimes… [laughter] …that s just what happens to your voice. Sometimes you re a person with a shrill voice, and there s nothing you can do about it, ( increasingly shrill ) cause you don t get to choose your voice! I was never like, Oh, you know what, I ll take the voice that causes dogs to gather outside. No, no, I want it to be so shrill that if I suck the helium out of a balloon, it wouldn t change my voice at all. That might be a 100% real thing that happened to me. I wasn t like, No, leave the sexy voices for someone else. This hair will take care of the rest of it. That s a real one-two punch. Hi, how are you? [deeper] Well, this seems like it ll be normal. And I get it, I get it! You don t want four years of this voice, just like I know you don t wanna wake up next to this voice. You don t want me going, Hey, good morning! Oh, you lost your boner? This is a real wind-out-of-the-sails kind of voice! This isn t a phone sex voice. No one s calling in to hear, Where do you want to put your penis? It s not a fun voice, I get it, but it is the voice of someone that gets shit done. It s like, Hey, I m gonna keep talking unless you agree to this! We gotta focus, cause a lot of times I think people think we re moving forward, like women are moving forward, we re making progress, and I m like, Is that progress? Like, Sports Illustrated will put a plus-size model on their swimsuit issue, and a lot of women will be like, Bravo, Sports Illustrated. You re so innovative. That s not innovative! They just finally realized that men will also masturbate to fat women. You wanna be innovative? Put a completely clothed woman in there and just talk about her personality. Like, This is Rhonda. She loves quilting. Let s get into the detail. Even women would be like, I don t wanna read that. Also you don t have to yell it. It s a magazine. [chuckles] And there s this whole wave of women right now, that we re showing that we re confident by posting naked or almost naked pictures online. Being like, I don t care what you think about my body. I m confident. Please like and subscribe. And it feels anti-feminist to be like, Don t post that, but at the same time, I don t know what our goal is here. I don t know what we re working toward. Like, I think there s other ways to show that you re confident. Like, I don t think Ruth Bader Ginsburg s ever been like, I gotta get out of this robe and show people what I m really about. Plus I know you re all dying to see this little bird body. [laughter] We want every woman to be confident and every woman to be beautiful. We have to be beautiful. Like, Bruce Jenner turned into Caitlyn, and immediately we were like, She is so brave and beautiful. Okay, fine, I ll give you brave. [laughter] She wants to be who she is and she should be, but she should know who she is is an okay-looking older lady, the kind of person that if you were in a room, you d be like, Oh, she could help me move. [laughter] But that s a great trait! That s why we should respect people, not for how pretty they are, for how useful they are. What would you rather have, a pretty friend or a friend that can help you move? Always a friend that can help you move, because then maybe you re the pretty friend. We gotta stop, we gotta stop telling everyone they re beautiful. We need ugly people. Ugly people get shit done. There s no one in a lab trying to cure cancer cause he was just drowning in pussy. He s working very hard to cure cancer so that later he can drown in pussy. That s the American dream. If you want your children to be successful, tell them they re ugly, tell them every day. And I know, parents, that s very hard because you made a perfect angel, but you look her in the face and you say, You have a face that means you re gonna need to work hard. That kid will change the world or murder you. But that s a risk you should take for us. And I m glad, I m so glad we live in a world where people like Caitlyn Jenner can exist. I just wish we were saying what we really wanted to say about it, which is I m glad you get to be who you wanna be. We should all be who we wanna be. I still fucking hate your personality. Whether you re a man or a woman, Caitlyn, you still killed a lady with your car. Yeah. That lady s still dead. She can t come back as a man. [laughter] And everyone s like, She s so brave, she s such a hero. Well, if Bill Cosby turned into a lady, would we just forget about all the rapes, like, more than we already have? He s getting away with it. The detective work on that has been lazier than his eye. Oh, come on, I think the least we can do at this point is make fun of Bill Cosby s eye. [applause] For years, for years people were like, Don t, he s a legend. His eye is, like, the only part of his body that was like, I can t do this anymore. I gotta look away. And he was like, One Quaalude for you, and one Quaalude for you. Shh, go to sleep. So much is happening! We re trying to figure out where trans people can go to the bathroom… Who saw that one coming? Probably trans people. And here s the thing. Most politicians are men, so men are making the laws, and they think that if trans women use women s bathrooms that women will feel unsafe, and I think that comes from a fundamental misunderstanding about what happens in a women s bathroom. [laughter] And to be fair, we have made it very mysterious. We always go in groups, there s a huge line outside, people go in, but they never come out… It s a whole Willy Wonka situation. When we finally do get back to the table, we re all giggly, and you re like, What happened? And we re like, We can t say. But I have new hair now. Also this is my new best friend Ashley. She s gonna live with us. Every woman has some sort of Ashley from the bathroom in their phone. Men do, too, but for a very different reason. So we ve had– we ve made bathrooms very mysterious, but in reality, in a women s bathroom, at any point, if you see genitals, something has gone terribly wrong. We re a very private people. No one s walking in the bathroom being like, Labias out, ladies! Let s get to comparing. You re another redhead. I wanna see that. No, we re private! We go in the bathroom, we go in the stall, we lock the door, we pee, poop, or cry, and then we leave. The only thing we re ever really worried about is Do they know I m the one that pooped? I tried to cough a lot and only go when the hand dryer was on… which is a crazy thing for women to worry about in a women s bathroom. Who are you trying to impress in there? If anything, you should poop very loudly, cause then if there s an attacker in there, he ll be like, Well, not that one! [laughter] I m evil, I m not crazy. That s good self-defense in general. You have to walk home late at night, fart the whole way. Be your own rape whistle. Like, Not [imitates fart] to-[imitates fart] -day. That s a great strategy if you just accidentally fart in public. Like, you thought it was gonna be silent, and then your body betrayed you, next time just be like, Yeah, that was just a warning. I m a very dangerous person. There s more where that came from. Now if you turn your attention back to this PowerPoint… [laughter] …you ll see that third-quarter profits are on their way up. Men, you wanna make bathrooms better for women? Get those four-year-old little boys out of there! Always poking their creepy little heads under the stalls being like, Are you my mom?  I told you, not anymore, Kevin! And I don t know why men are so concerned about our bathrooms. I m worried about your bathrooms. You don t lock yourselves in a stall. You just stand up against a wall and watch each other pee. You have your pants undone while you re looking at a wall. You are just ripe for the raping. [laughter and applause] And you designed both bathrooms. You gave yourselves a shittier bathroom. Give yourselves enough stalls, sit while you pee, rest those legs. You gotta be tired from stomping on us all day. [cheers and applause] Seriously, I feel bad that men don t get to sit while they pee. You have to walk in the bathroom knowing what your intention is. You have to walk in the bathroom being like, I m going to poop now. Women, we get to be like, Hey, I m pooping now! [laughter] This is a fun surprise afternoon poop.  This has turned my day around. I m so glad I had that yogurt this morning. Thank you, Jamie Lee Curtis. [applause] Stop it! Stop using We re protecting women as your excuse for getting things done. It s bullshit and it s insulting. I ve never, ever been scared of trans people. The only people that have ever consistently scared me are straight men. You guys have a terrible track record. [cheers and applause] I like to think all those women clapping are with a guy right now, and they re like, I do? No, you keep using like, We gotta protect women from trans people. When gay people wanted to get married, you were like, Well, we can t let that happen, because then they re gonna start fucking dogs. Yeah, you only ever said that because you thought about fucking a dog. You were like, People want to fuck dogs, and gay people were like, I mean, not us. And you were like, Some people do! Some people love a cute little puppy butt. [laughter] [barks] Stop it! Stop using We re protecting women as your excuse. I was on a date. A guy offered to walk me to my door. He was like, I just want to make sure you get home safe. That s bullshit! That s not why you re walking me to my door. That s your last-ditch effort to touch a boob. At that point in the night, the most dangerous thing at my door is you! And if a robber came by, I don t think you d be able to do anything about it, cause earlier that night at dinner, I learned you have a gluten allergy! [laughter] You can t protect me from a biscuit. Also, that s why you re not coming up. There s nothing less sexy than hearing a guy be like, Well, I can t eat bread. ‘Cause I m gonna need you to be okay with yeast. [laughter and applause] But did you get it? I just wanna make sure you got it. I d hate for there to be someone in the back being like, I didn t get the yeast part. Go home, call your mom. She ll tell you all about it. And there are so many big things happening right now. Like, the environment is in terrible shape, and most people pretend that they care about it. I don t believe anyone actually does. If anyone actually cared about the environment, there s no way fountains would still exist. Fountains are a real big fuck-you to thirsty people. Imagine bringing a little kid from a third-world country to see a fountain. He d be like, Look at all the water! Can I have a sip? And you d have to be like, Oh, no, no! That s for decoration.  Well, can I at least grab the money out of it?  No, those are wishes…  that were thrown there by people that can afford to throw money. And you know what they didn t wish for? Water. Now, come on, I m gonna show you a water park. That s where the water s for peeing in. But climate change, it is a real big deal, and everyone says, Mother Nature. And I do believe nature is a woman, because she s trying to kill us in the most passive-aggressive way possible. It s not some sort of immediate fire or flood or a cool explosion. She s just like, What? I raised the temperature a little. [laughter and applause] Oh, are you uncomfortable? Well, maybe I wouldn t have if you d taken out the recycling like I asked! I m fine. Nature is a woman, and she hates us women. She hates us! She gave us all the icky stuff. She s a mean girl. We re the ones that bleed every month. She made orgasms impossible to find. We re supposed to have the babies and then feed them? That seems like a thing you could ve split up. There were two people involved in that! You got most of the way! You gave men nipples! What happened? All of a sudden at the last second you were just like, You know what, we re gonna keep it over here with women. But, men, hang on to those nipples. Do whatever you want with them. And we re the ones that have the babies, and she made the hole too small, way too small. That s a real square-peg, round-hole situation. It s a design flaw. If every time an elevator went down a building it broke the building… [laughter] …you d be like, We should fix that. Every time I hear a woman talk about giving birth– honestly talk about giving it, not the Facebook version of like, This is magical and I m blessed – honestly talk about giving birth, it always feels like the beginning of an infomercial where some guy s gonna pop out and be like, Are you tired of a hole ripping from your vagina to your butt? Is pooping on a table in front of strangers leaving you feeling embarrassed? Have you been pushing for 20 hours with no end in sight, thinking, ‘There s gotta be a better way! Well, there s not! [applause] And that is why I don t recycle. ‘Cause if Mother Nature s not gonna take care of my house, I m not gonna take care of her house! Also, recycling is very hard. [laughter] I do think, though, there s a really serious problem right now that no one s talking about. I think right now it s a really hard time to be a man. You guys are struggling. You can t be the first to do anything anymore. You ve done almost everything. It s almost like there s no reason for you to live. [laughter] It s a great time to be a woman. I mean, we re at rock bottom, but we can only go up. We ll still have the first female president, the first woman on the moon, the first woman to assassinate a president… [laughter and applause] It s exciting! It could be you! I think it would be very easy for a woman to assassinate a president. She just had to be beautiful and walk up and be like, I just wanna talk to the president for a second. [laughter] Please? I m posed like all my bones are broken. [laughter] We haven t had a female assassin because women are too nice. We ve got close enough to kill the president, but instead we just end up having sex with him. That s a very nice thing that we do. In general, I don t think we re thanked enough for that. Think about it. Monica Lewinsky had the president s dick in her mouth. She could ve assassinated him. She could ve been selfish and gotten anything she wanted. If you don t think you can get anything you want when you just have a regular guy s dick in your mouth, next time bite down just a little and see if he isn t immediately like, Yeah, fine, we can go on vacation with your sister! Just release, release! Try it when you go home tonight. It ll be fun. She had the leader of the free world s dick in her mouth. She could ve assassinated him, she could ve gotten anything she wanted, but instead she was a nice lady and she blew him, and then we were mean to her for being a nice lady. I thought at least men would ve stood up for her and been like, Hey, that woman s a patriot! But it s a good time to be a woman. We re on our way up. It s exciting for us. But, men, you re done! It s over! There s nothing new for you to do. You ve been to the moon! You ve been all the presidents! Even if you were like, I m gonna win an Olympic medal and then turn into a lady, you d be the second! [laughter and applause] I feel bad for men. I think it s a really hard time to be a man right now. You have a ton of erection medicine. I hope everything s okay. Seems like it might not be. And I m glad you guys have erection medicine. I think that s great. A soft penis is very sad. A soft penis looks like the sound of sad. [laughter] You know, like, wow. If you showed a deaf kid a picture of a soft penis, he d be like, I know you re talking about sad. Thank you. That s actually how they taught Helen Keller. They just let her feel a soft penis, and she was like, This means sad. [laughter] Thank you for teaching me this new word. It s the only way you could ve done it. I actually think a soft penis feels very neat. Every woman in here, if you had a soft penis at your desk at work, you would play with it all day. It s soft and squishy. It s a stress reliever. Sometimes I ll have a soft penis in my hand, and it ll get hard, and I m like, Hey, you re ruining my good time. This is less fun now. How I feel about soft penises is as close as I ll ever get to understanding about how men feel about boobs. ‘Cause those are also soft and squishy. I m guessing that s part of their appeal. Now, imagine when you felt them, if all of a sudden they got rock hard. You d be like, These seem like weapons. That s how we feel about your penis. But it s good. You guys got erection medicine, that s great. No one should have a broken body part. But you make it hard for women to get birth control, and that s not fair. That s like saying, Let s have a duel, but only one of us gets a gun, and on average that gun shoots 20 million bullets. And we re just asking for a shield, and you re like, No. We don t even want another gun. We just want a shield. We re saying you can have all the players on both hockey teams. We just want one goalie. It doesn t even have to be your best goalie! We ll take your third-string goalie! You can give the Zamboni guy a stick. We just need someone to hit a couple pucks away! [laughter and applause] Even cars get windshield wipers. Come on, give us a chance! There s a downpour. [laughter] We should be constantly given birth control! It should be annoying. Like, when you leave a restaurant, instead of mints it should be birth control. When you push a door instead of pull it, birth control should pop out. Like, You re not ready yet. [laughter] Let s work on some other skills. It s a human! You d be making a human! It should be hard to make a human! It s hard to make a croissant. [laughter] It takes three days to make a croissant! You can make a human in that bathroom. You cannot make a croissant in that bathroom. Like, how many people here have successfully made a croissant? How many people here have accidentally made a human? And those two people are never the same, cause croissant-makers are planners. And they re usually a little less fun. Now, if when you had sex you accidentally made a croissant, that would be great. [laughter and applause] Finally, women would be like, No, I m paying for the drinks, and we re leaving now. Drink it up, little lady, we re going home! I m hungry and I want a flaky snack! Then finally men would be like, I feel like you re just using me for the croissant. I mean, I don t care, I just want you to know how I feel. [laughter] And if having sex with a black guy meant you got a chocolate croissant, that never go back thing would be 100% true. [laughter and applause] Even white men would be like, Go! I get it! Go! You have to go! The croissants are better! And bring one home. It should be hard. It should be hard to have a human. We have enough. We don t need as many as we used to. At this point, if you wanna have a baby, you should have to take a test or two. Something simple, like, Let me see your iPhone screen. Oh, it s cracked? Then no! [laughter and applause] You can t carry a phone, you can t carry a baby. They re wigglier. I don t want to have a baby. This isn t an abortion joke. I m not pregnant. I m not like, I don t want to have a baby, and I gotta get out of here! I don t want to have a baby or a family. I want a career. That s what I want. And I know there s a lot of people out there that are like, But, Michelle, you don t have to choose. You can have it all. Women can have it all. Yeah, stop saying that. You act like all is good. All does not mean good. You ve never left an all-you-can-eat buffet and thought, I feel really good about myself. [laughter and applause] Mm, that crab and pudding is sitting really well together. I sure am glad I went back for spare ribs.  All is not good. And even if we do try to have it all, even if a woman out there definitely wants it all, we ve put up too many obstacles in your way to make it possible. It s like, Oh, congratulations, you re having a baby? Great. Couple things… We re gonna need you to get that car accident of a body back to work as soon as possible, because this is America and we don t think you need time to recover. Also, you should breastfeed. It s what s best for the baby. But don t do it in public, you pig. Do it in the old janitor s closet underneath the bridge with the rest of the breastfeeding trolls. And don t ask to take time off from work when your kids are sick. We ll think you re not dedicated. Also, why are you such a bad mom? By the way, your salary is just enough to cover the cost of childcare. And we know you re exhausted and you don t really know who you are anymore, and you re trying to balance your old life and your new life, but, quick, go have sex with your husband! He s about to leave! He doesn t understand what you re going through! Quick, go now! And, sweetie, smile! [cheering and applause] I don t want it. Men don t try to have it all. They re just like, I got a job and a sandwich. I m good. My wife says if I behave for another year, she ll give me a section of the garage where I can sit. [laughter] I love sitting. I don t want to be a mom. I wouldn t mind being a dad. [laughter and applause] That seems like more fun, and there are great dads out there. There are very good dads out there, but a great dad is still just an okay mom. A fork is a shitty spoon. I know, I can t be a dad. It s very upsetting. I don t wanna be a mom, so I want a career. And I thought knowing what I wanted in life made me special, but it really just kind of makes me a waste. Like, having a baby is arguably the coolest thing your body can do. Like, I have a friend who has one arm, and then she just had a baby that had two arms. [laughter] You can make shit you don t even have! Also, how pissed did she have to be when she saw that sonogram, like, Two arms?! This is bullshit! I give this sonogram one thumbs down! Imagine how frustrating it would be to be tying your shoe with one hand knowing you have two new hands growing inside of you that you re not allowed to keep! Two new hands that you will push out of your body that will walk away, wave good-bye, and never love you as much as they should. Not to mention you can grow a penis inside a vagina, like the world s most terrifying greenhouse! Find me a horror movie with a scarier plot! It is the coolest thing your body can do. Me not wanting to have a baby is like a bird being like, No, I ll walk.  Okay, but you re built to fly.  I know. I m gonna walk. And believe me, these wings work. We ve had to cancel a couple flights. That was the abortion joke. [laughter and applause] You have to have one. Joke or abortion. I don t know, take your pick. We care so much about how we look! Women, we put in so much effort into being beautiful. And I think we should be more like men cause they don t really care about their bodies, and look at them! They re successful! They re presidents! They re CEOs! You never heard a CEO go, I wanna get profits up and keep costs down and love me for me! You know who should care about their bodies? Men! You have weird bodies, men! You re gross! Your balls are gross! I ve never seen a guy and been like, Oh, I can t wait to get his pants off and see that weird bag of stuff between his legs! What is it? It s like a goblin s coin purse. It s like when you go to a haunted house and you stick your hand in a jar? You re like, Please be grapes. Balls seem like a real God whoopsy. It s like when you re putting together furniture and you have a couple leftover pieces, and you re like, Aah! Those were supposed to go somewhere. They look important. I guess I ll hang em from a satchel! Even the name sounds like a mistake! Like, What are you gonna call em? [gruffly] Scrotum!  Okay, I m sorry. I didn t realize it was a bad time. I m so sorry. You are so lucky that we get our faces near them! If a woman puts your balls in her mouth, you should pay her a lot of money. And not like a prostitute kind of way. In like, That was a very nice thing you just did, and I don t know how to say thank you. Here is some money. It s a selfless act! It s selfless! There s not a single woman in the world sitting around in her book club being like, You know what gets me off? A lumpy skin sac hanging out my mouth. I don t know how we ever let you guys get away with calling our boobs saggy. Your balls are saggy! You wear a bra! And you make it fancy! You dress up for me! [laughter and applause] I get one wrinkle, my career is over. I have to put paint on my face to leave my home, and you guys get to walk around with those wrinkly, dangly bags of crap. You should have to put makeup on them! Or, at the very least, googly eyes. I don t know if that would be better or worse, but it would be fun. He s happy! He s sad! He lost his boner. A real Mr. Magoo. And the thing is, I think we should all be ashamed of our bodies, every single one of us! Like, that s why we wear clothes! That s why animals have fur! You ever seen a shaved cat? You look that cat in the eyes, and you re both ashamed. If you saw a turtle outside of its shell, you d be like, Get the fuck back inside your shell! I don t care how confident you are in your weird, turtle-y body. Also, can we be sure that turtles have bodies? Is it just a head and feet? It seems like it might be a scheme. And I m the worst, because I say we shouldn t care about how we look, but I work out all of the time. I run every day. I love running. I have no idea what I m training for. ‘Cause I am not physically gaining any skills. Like, the only way working out is ever gonna help me in life is that at some point someone tries to rob or rape me by chasing me for three to five miles at a moderately slow pace. From the beginning, if some guy s like, Watch out! I m gonna rape you! I m like, Nuh-uh, not unless you can keep this up for 30-ish minutes. Although, I m gonna have to stop about a mile in to stretch my hamstring. Could you help me with that? No funny stuff! Could you help me with that? Women, we spend so much time trying to be beautiful. We spend so much time when ugly things are constantly happening to us. Like, every month we get our period. I know… we re not supposed to talk about it. It s very nice that we don t talk about it. It is the only time a human is bleeding and that s not what the conversation is about. Like, if Paul got his arm ripped off and it was shooting blood and he walked into the office… I should tell you, a couple of my guy friends have come up to me after the show and been like, Hey, you shouldn t use arm-ripping-off as your example. It s too extreme.  Oh, is it? One of them actually said, You should use nosebleed instead.  Oh, you think it s like a nosebleed? [laughter and applause] All this time, I could ve just tipped my hips up and it would ve gone away. I m such a dumb lady! Both arms viciously torn from his body! [laughter and applause] It s torn from his body, he walks into the office, no one s gonna be like, How are the expense reports coming, Paul? And Paul wouldn t be expected to respond, Great! And I feel fine. Just a normal day for me. Nothing weird happening here. I don t want to murder you. Paul wouldn t be sneaking off to a corner of his office to see if blood had gone through his bandage. That s happening at your work. Women are walking around being like, Did I tie my shoe? Oh, I m good, never mind. [laughter and applause] And you poor, dumb men are like, She doesn t even have laces! Carol s having a weird day. The only thing you ever really ask about periods is When is it gonna be over? And we always give you the same answer. Soon. ‘Cause we have no fucking clue. It could be over in 20 minutes, it could be over in ten days. It can be over in three days and then take a break for two days, and then come back for a day. It can be gone, and then we just put on clean underwear and it s like, I smell white. [laughter and applause] A period s like an outdoor cat. You know it s coming back, but you have no idea when. And it s probably gonna have a mouse. I don t know what mouse is in that analogy, but it s gross. Every day, every day, at some point during your day, you talk to a woman who has her period and you don t know it because she says things to you like, I m good. How are you? when all she wants to do is lay down on the ground and fart. [laughter] That s it, and like a fart you never even heard before. A fart that after you heard it, you d be like, I don t know who you are as a person. Like, men, if you don t know the kind of fart I m talking about, it s the kind of fart you leave a party for. One where you re like, Get your coat! We gotta go! No, it s not safe here anymore! Something might ve happened! Get your coat! Like, But, honey, we re on a cruise ship.  It doesn t matter! We re going swimming! That kind of fart. A lady fart. You know that picture of Marilyn Monroe where her skirt s blowing up? Yeah, that wasn t an air grate. That was a period fart. Masturbate to that. You also say things like, Why are you so emotional? Why are you so emotional? Well, maybe it s the hormones, or maybe it s the fact that I haven t shit in a week and I got a turd the size of Danny DeVito inside of me. Just a real angry Danny DeVito who s like, I m not going anywhere! I was the star of Twins. That ll make anybody cry. I think if men got periods, we d have a three-week work month. They d be like, Let s sync up. We gotta take a week. But I also think if men got periods, they would ve figured out a better way to deal with it. They would ve demanded a better way to deal with it. They d be like, All the money in science, we got a problem. Put down your cancer tubes. We got a problem. We ll save the children another day. Now bring the monkeys. The monkeys can help. It s all hands on deck over here. And those poor monkeys are like, I have to get lipstick put on me. Every day I got to feel pretty. I don t want to work on periods. Women, it s our fault we re not further along in period technology. ‘Cause we re okay that our best solution is a rolled-up piece of cotton. We re okay that our best solution is a craft project from a special kid, one who was like, I made you a Christmas ornament. The only advancement we ve made is sometimes they re smaller. Because that was the problem. We were causing too much of a commotion carrying our bazookas to the bathroom. Women trade tampons stealthier than drug dealers trade heroin. [laughter and applause] I ve given out four tampons since I ve been onstage. If there was only women dealing drugs in The Wire, no one would ve gotten caught. Stringer Bell would still be alive. Stringer Bell is what I call taking out a tampon. Is that gross? ‘Cause a woman did it today and then shook your hand and said, I m good. How are you? [laughter and applause] I m single. – [laughter] And I don t want to be in a relationship. I don t want to be in a relationship for the same reason I don t want a kid. I don t want anything in my life to be more important than me. And maybe that s selfish and mean, but the jig is up: I m not a nice lady. [laughter and applause] And a lot of my friends, they ll say things like, But aren t you scared of dying alone? Is that why you got married? So you wouldn t die alone? So you d have five minutes before you died where you re like, Well, this isn t the worst. Those 40 miserable years were wor– [laughter] He died. [laughter] I m not scared of dying alone. I m terrified of people seeing how I live. I live like a divorced dad who s not trying to get custody of his kids back. There s just hot sauce in the fridge. One side of my bed is covered in laundry. It s now in the shape of a person, and every morning when I wake up, I roll over and I m like, Today I ll try to be better. I don t want to be in a relationship. I don t even like dating. I don t. Sometimes I try to do it. Sometimes I try to be a nice, normal lady. I ll go out on a date. I went on a date with a personal trainer from my gym. I thought that d be fun– a big, strong guy who could pick you up and then set you down in a controlled manner. The date was not fun. All he talked about was exercise, and then finally in the restaurant we were in, that song Empire State of Mind came on. You guys know that song, right? ? New York, concrete jungle ? ? Where dreams are… ? He sang the whole song, both Jay-Z and Alicia s parts. This joke is three minutes long. That song is four and a half minutes long, which means after this joke is over, he d still be singing for a minute and a half. You know if someone sings at you for more than four minutes, you re legally allowed to kill them? [laughter] So, finally, the bill comes. It s $84. He throws down 40 and he goes, Is that enough? And, listen, I m an independent woman, I ll pay for half my meal, but that s not half. So, I never really want to see this guy again, but he keeps texting me. And one day he just sent me a picture of his bed. And I didn t know how to respond. I was like, Congratulations on making your bed? So, one of my friends goes, Just text him you re not interested. And then my other friend goes, Text him the weirdest stuff possible. Then he ll leave you alone. I was like, That s the one I m gonna do. And I m gonna read them to you now. [laughter and applause] I took screenshots of them, and I just have to scroll through a ton of selfies to get there. And I know a lot of people don t like selfies. They think you shouldn t take them. I think you should take them and you should post them, but you should also post the number of times you tried taking the picture. Like, This is me looking cute 67. Okay, can you just confirm that these are real text messages? Yeah, those look pretty real. All right, you heard it from that guy with a puka-shell necklace. [laughter] I guess we ll have to trust him! No one s ever said that about a guy with a puka-shell necklace before. They ve been like, I gotta cover this drink. [laughter and applause] He goes, Hey, Michelle. I go, Hey, Wildcat. That s a pretty strong start. We ve been on one date. Wildcat is an aggressive nickname out of the gate. ‘Wildcat? LOL. That s new. Kinda like it. What made you choose that nickname? And I go, Just something tick-tocking in my old noggin. [laughter] That should be it, right? If someone texted you that, you d be like, Oh, she s insane. I have to never talk to her again. But instead, he comes back with Love it! Keep it up. How was your day? And, honestly, I get a little excited at this point, because he s still holding on, and I know I can just shift it into a higher gear to lose him. I feel like I m in a car chase, and all of a sudden I m like, All right, buddy! [imitates engine revving] That s a pretty good car sound. He goes, How is your day? and I respond with, Still chipping away at the ham. [laughter] That s not a saying! For that to be a saying, it means that at some point in time, people spent their day chipping ham, and it took so long, they d have to send word to their loved ones, Honey, I m sorry. I can t come home for dinner tonight. I m still chipping away at the ham. You know, at my job at the ham-chip factory. Which does sound delicious. And this is how I knew he was a formidable opponent. He came back with, Shit, make sure you leave a slice for me, too! [laughter] And by the way, I have the honey to go alongside the ham. Gross! What s the honey? I don t want the honey! Take the honey away! If the honey s what I think it is, no woman has ever wanted the honey. Sometimes we take the honey to be nice, but, honestly, it s an inconvenience. Most of the time we re like, Hey, wipe this up. I m getting sticky! So, I don t respond. I need time. I need to regroup. I need to train. Normally when I m this stressed out, I go to the gym, but I can t do that. Couple of days later he texts me, Hi, Wolfgang. LOL. And I 100% believe he LOL d at that. [laughter] He was like, She gave me a nickname. I m gonna give her a nickname. Wolfgang! Ha-ha! I am the best.  Hi, Wolfgang. LOL. I was wondering if you d accompany me Friday night. I m taking some of my clients out for their birthday. And I responded with, No dice, Squirrel Man! Got plans on plans on waffles. [laughing] That is some of the best work I ve ever done. I m pretty sure Squirrel Man is a huge downgrade from Wildcat. If someone started calling me Wildcat and then switched to Squirrel Man, I d be like, Oh, my God, what did I do? And I don t know what plans on plans on waffles means, but it s too much before breakfast. And this bitch comes back with Oh, cool, make sure you don t forget the syrup. [laughter] And I don t know what to do at this point, because I m pretty sure he s falling in love with me, and I think maybe I m falling in love with him. So I text him I love you, and then I never heard from him again. [laughter and applause] Thanks a lot, guys! You ve been great! I m Michelle Wolf! ? She was an American girl ? ? Raised on the promises ? ? She couldn t help thinking that there ? ? Was a little more to life ? ? Somewhere else ? ? After all, it was a great big world ? ? With lots of places to run to ? ? Yeah, and if she had to die ? ? Tryin she had one little promise ? ? She was gonna keep ? ? Oh, yeah ? ? All right ? ? Take it easy, baby ? – ? Make it last all night ? – ? Make it last all night ? ? She was an American girl. ?


FAHIM ANWAR@THERE S NO BUSINESS LIKE SHOW BUSINESS@2017@? ? – Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome to the stage Fahim Anwar! – Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you for coming to my special, guys. Really cool to be shooting it here in L.A. I ve lived here for, like, ten years now, and I don t love it, just because everyone out here is trying to make it, you know. Everyone s delusional. Like, you could walk up to any random person in Hollywood and be like, Hey, I m a big fan. And they d be like, Thank you.  Thank you, really appreciate it. Even if they were just a walker on The Walking Dead. They d be like, You re familiar with my work, yeah. Does this ring a bell?  That s me. That s me, bro. Lot of lozenges that day, you know? Just got to coat the throat. It s so funny. Like, nobody wants to grow up out here. Everyone has Peter Pan Syndrome. That s why everyone dresses so weird in L.A. It s like everyone s closet in Hollywood is just a lost-and-found box. You know? They re like, All right, Friday night, what do we got? We ll do vest with no shirt on. Sombrero in ski boots. All right. Everyone on Sunset Boulevard just looks like a Sims character. Hey, what s up, you want to fuck? No, all right, keep walking. What s up, you want to fuck? No, all right, same as… okay, yeah. Don t get discouraged. I live a little outside of Hollywood. I live in Koreatown. Yeah. You know you re not doing well when you live in another ethnic group s town. There s this McDonald s I ll go to sometimes, just to get out of the house. And… You got to break up the day, you know? So I go there, I get a tea, the guy gives me the tea, and I go, Do you have any honey? And he goes, Honey? Like I just blew his mind. Like he s never heard of that combo before. I go, Yeah, honey. He goes, Mm, let me check. He goes in the back for way too long. I don t see him for, like, 20 minutes. And then he pops out and he goes, We ve got, like, honey mustard. Like, why… why would you suggest that? Like that s even an option. Is anyone like, Oh, yeah, that s the same shit. Yeah, bring that out. Do you have any barbecue sauce or chipotle mayo? I m trying to make the most disgusting cup of tea ever known to man. Do you have a raw hot dog you could plop into there? The tea will cook it. It ll be like a fucked up version of pho. Like, that went through several logic gates in his mind, and he was still like, We got honey mustard, in case you got, like, a coffee filter and you can, like, filter out the mustard. Maybe you got, like, a butane lighter and you can burn off the mustard. You can MacGyver some honey out of this, dog. Just don t give up. I believe in you. I was walking around my neighborhood. It was a super sunny day, and then it just started raining out of nowhere, like, really hard. And I passed this block, and there was this Mexican dude selling all these umbrellas. And I was like, that was pretty fast. Like, where did he get all those umbrellas that fast? And then I realized, Mexicans in L.A. are just always selling what you need before you even know you need it. You ever been on a romantic dinner date with a girl, and then out of nowhere, they re just like, Roses? Hmm…roses? Just like the Duck Hunt dog. Just, Roses? You ll be coming out of a club at 2:00 a.m., like, Oh, fuck, man, I m starving.  Tacos?  Tacos that I grill on a shopping cart? Business was slow over here. I like how no one will eat at a B-rated restaurant, but they ll eat at shopping cart tacos all day. Ah…it s all good, dude. Oh, dude, ten tacos for a nickel. That s crazy dude. How do they… It s nuts. They re just always selling what you need before you even know you need it, you know? Like, your plane could be going down, you look in the aisle, there s a Mexican guy like, Parachute?  Parachute. Senor, parachute for the lady?  It s good to do… for the lady. There s a lot of pigeons in my neighborhood. I like pigeons. Pigeons are like the hipsters of birds, because they have the ability to fly but choose not to. They re like, What are you, flying?  Yeah, I used to do that. This is my new jam. I was sitting on a bench in my neighborhood in front of this, like, huge flight of stairs, and I thought this pigeon was gonna, like, flap down all of them, but he literally just took the stairs. Then he looked at me and he went, Leg day.  Now, if you ll excuse me, I have to whip this French fry into smaller pieces with my beak. Some people don t like pigeons. They think they re a nuisance. You know, like flies. Nobody gives a shit about flies. You ll swat them, be like, Fuckin get out of here. But we don t do that with bees, really, right? Because bees have the ability to sting you, so there s a level of respect. A bee is basically a fly with a gun. People act the same way too, like, Oh, shit, it s a bee. Just let it do whatever it wants.  We don t have any honey, okay? Just leave us alone. Here s an empty Coke can. Just fucking leave. The bee s like, Well, well, well… What do we got here? Oh, this potato salad? You don t mind if I walk around all over it right quick, do you?  What you gonna do about it? Yeah, that s right. This is my picnic now. Fuck your Sunday. Just flies away. This is a fun show. This is, like, ideal for stand-up, like, you know, great crowd. I had to do stand-up on a hip-hop show recently, which was the worst, because it s a very different energy, you know. Everybody was wilin out for the hip-hop. They were like… Put your hands up! Put your hands up! All right, now we ve got a stand-up comedian. I m like, Hey, how s everybody doing tonight? Y all ready to have way less fun? Y all ready to bring the energy way down? Bust out your sleeping bags, cause it s about to get drowsy up in here. That s like a girl jerking a dude off and he s like, Ugh, I m about to come. She s like, Before you do, please welcome Fahim Anwar!  Hey, what s up? I know you re getting jerked off right now, but these are some things I was thinking about earlier today. Just want to run them by you before you jizz, if that s cool. I had to do stand-up on an urban show recently. And urban show is a little different than, like, a regular stand-up show. First of all, there s always a DJ in the background. And sometimes he ll chime in. Sometimes he ll be like, Ha-ha, or, That s crazy. I noticed all the comics, whenever they got introduced, they wouldn t just come up and do their jokes. They would, like, dance for a little bit beforehand. The emcee would be like, All right, I want y all to make it loud for D Ram!  DJ, cut that shit.  Yeah, how y all feeling tonight? Y all good? Every single one of them did that. I went first on the show. I didn t know that was an option. Next time I get booked on the show, I want to do that but, like, dance for way to long. They re like, All right, I want y all to make it loud for Fahim Anwar!  DJ, cut that shit. Yeah. Yeah, how y all feeling tonight? Y all…oh, I m out of time?  I danced for too long? Oh, my bad. I like hip-hop. I like old-school hip-hop. Like, they were playing Ain t No Fun the other day, and it just hit me, like, hip-hop when I was growing up, I feel like, was way more vulgar than it is today. There s a part in that song where Snoop Dogg, he goes… ? Guess who s back in the motherfuckin house ? ? With a fat dick for your motherfucking mouth ? It s just so unnecessary, you know? Like, the song works without that. But Snoop s like, Nah, it stays. I feel like an old man when it comes to hip-hop nowadays. I m like, You kids with your Kendrick Lamars, trying to bring about social change. Back in my day, we rapped about jizzing on faces. That s the rap music I know. We rapped about gargling ball sacks. It was a simpler time in the 90s. I would hop on my friend s pegs and go to Circuit City to get to my music. And if he didn t have pegs, I d have to balance on two tiny screws. And if he went over a puddle, I would gash my calf, lay down in the Safeway parking lot. I grew up on Death Row Records. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, anything they put out, I would buy. What I love about Death Row is, they would just have random women sing the hook, right? Like, nowadays, it ll always be featuring Beyonce or featuring Rihanna. They would just have random women. Like, nobody knows the chick who goes… ? Doggy Doggy Doggy Dahhh ? ? Doggy Daaahg ? Nobody knows who the fuck that is. She s just out there. She s just mopping the floor at Arby s. You know I m the ‘Doggy Dogg girl? From the 90s. You forget too, though. Like, remember skits? Skits used to be such a big part of the rap album. And a lot of the skits were just sound effects of them having sex with women. Like, on Dr. Dre s The Chronic, there s an entire track where all you hear is… Yeah, you like that?  Yeah, the doctor s in. How are they getting that audio? Is there a boom guy in the bedroom? Like… Getting some great stuff, Dre. Just keep pounding away. You re gonna like what you hear. Also, how insecure do you have to be, as a rapper, to put that on your album? Like, Yo, you don t think I m fucking? Track eight. It s like, you don t need to do that. You re Dr. Dre. Everyone assumes you re having a ton of sex. Like, rock stars have been around for ages. They don t do that. You ll never listen to a Beatles album and after Twist and Shout, you just hear, Hey, I m Paul McCartney, and I m getting my dick sucked right now.  It feels wonderful!  Hey, Ringo, you got to get in on this. This girl s slobbering all our knobs. I saw Straight Outta Compton, the NWA movie. You guys see that? Yeah, it s a great movie. You kind of forget that it s a period piece, because it takes place in the mid- 90s. It feels very current, though. It feels very today. But there s one part in the movie where you re reminded that it s the mid- 90s. And it s when Eazy-E is in the hospital and the doctor tells him he has HIV, because he looks up at the doctor and he goes, But I ain t no faggot! And nobody corrects him. Nobody s like, Eazy, that s a term you can t really use anymore. Even the doctor was like, Faggot or not, I m afraid you have HIV.  Sorry, Eazy. I saw it in the movie theaters. I like whenever I m at a movie theater and somebody has to cut across. What I ll do is, like, I ll fake tuck in. I ll just do my upper half. Yeah, you got enough room? Yeah, you should have enough room now. You good? Yeah, it s all you, bro. Yeah, not a problem at all. Like, I pick up on movie clichés, just as a comedian. Those are, like, my favorite things. These are some of my favorite movie clichés. There s always that scene in a movie where a girl and a guy, they get back to one of their places, and they re making out like… like, ripping each other s clothes off so fast. Like, what s the rush? The only time I ve ever gotten home and taken my pants off that fast is to take an emergency shit. Oh, fuck, oh, shit. Oh, fuck! Oh! Oh, oh… Oh-ho-ho, god. Oh…oh.. There s, like, a split second before it becomes a story only you know about. Oh! Oh-ho-ho. Oh… Too close. Usually it s your own fault too. You ll have, like, five cups of coffee and then hit the freeway during rush hour. You re like… Ah! Dah, move! Go! Not like this. Ugh…ugh! You start forming a contingency plan in the event you do shit your pants. Okay, I need somewhere with a secluded area. Is there a marina nearby where I could Dexter these pants? Just in a speedboat with no pants on. Tie your khakis to a cinder block. Good-bye, my dark passenger. Another scene I like is when, like, they re making love in bed and the guy s on top like… And then his phone rings like… Where were we?  I got to take this. That would never happen in real life. Once a guy starts, nothing can derail him. There could be an earthquake. Like, Shouldn t we get under a doorframe?  Buh! If we die, we die. Sometimes my house shakes.  Your house shakes?  Yeah, I m by railroad tracks.  Is that a gas leak?  No, I farted. Stay where you are. Don t move. Also, nobody talks about protection in the movies. Is everyone just straight-up raw-dogging? They re just like… I guess it s not as good a movie if she s like, Hey, do you have a condom? And he s like, Uh, uh, yeah. Ugh… Buh… Ah, fuck, I can never tell… Ah, I m losing my boner, fuck! Aah-ooh. I guess we don t fuck in this movie. Maybe in the sequel. Isn t it crazy how many sperm cells there are, and there s just one egg? That s high-stakes drama, right there. That should be a reality show. Millions of sperm, one egg. Who will be the baby? Last week, we left off with Chad swimming around in a circle. Will he get out of this pinch? They d have cool profile intros on all the sperm cells. What s up, my name s Trevor. I m from the left nut sack. And I m gonna fertilize the egg.  Hello, my name is Christopher, and I m not here to make friends. I m gonna fertilize the egg. Whenever they get kicked off, they have to do that into-camera confessional. He s like, You know, obviously, you know, I didn t want to end up on the bed sheet. Oh, fuck. Turn the cameras off, fuck. Somebody told me I look like their Uber driver the other day. Like, why would you tell somebody that? That s something you keep inside your brain. What compels someone to be like, No, he has to know ? Everybody takes Uber and Lyft nowadays. I feel sorry for cab drivers. But they re trying to trick people, like, No, this Uber. I m like, Why is your car yellow?  Just fucking don t worry about it. Get in. Everybody takes Uber and Lyft because it s slightly cheaper than a cab. But what you save in money, you pay for in conversation. You ll be halfway through your trip and be like, You know, I guess I never really did get over my parents divorce. I don t understand. People will talk to their Lyft drivers all day, but if their cab drivers were like, What do you do for work? they d be like, Enough with the chit-chat, Ahmed! I don t pay you to talk. Did you ever think that one day your cab drivers would just be random people with free time on their hands? Never. How do you not know that one day your house won t be on fire and some 21-year-old kid with a smartphone will show up like, Hey, what s up, I m your firefighter. I was the closest one to the blaze. Don t worry, I brought a Super Soaker, stand back. Oh, the pressure s building up. It s a good sign.  Fuck, the fire s a lot bigger than I thought it would be. The problem with Uber and Lyft is that it s made getting into random cars so commonplace. You ll get into a truck. You ll get into an SUV. You ll get into a Smart car. Like, I could take my car tonight, just go to a bar at 2:00 a.m., be like, Hey, somebody get an Uber? Some drunk guy will be like, Catch you guys later. It s here. Hey, what s up, man? Take me. And I could just drive to the woods and murder this guy. He would just be on his phone the whole time. Wait, this isn t West Hollywood. Agh! Agh-agh! So, you know, I m in L.A. I do stand-up. That s my main thing. But I ll audition for stuff as well. And it s not going very well. I m getting a lot of one-and-dones. They ll be like, That was great. Thanks for coming in. I m like, Really? It didn t feel great.  No, it was really good. Like, their face gets more contorted the more they re lying to you. No, it was so good. You crushed it, thank you! So please leave. My face hurts. I can t keep this up. I want to talk about one audition I had for the Disney Channel. So I went out for the role of Q-Pop, who was a hip-hop dance instructor. So there was two parts of the audition. The first part was like a regular audition. They had lines and scenes. And then the second part, they wanted you to dance, because it s a hip-hop dance instructor. So I finished the first part of the audition, and the guy looks up at me, and he goes, Now dance for us. Like a Roman emperor. The only way it would have been more belittling is if he bit into a peach. Dance for us.  The juices.  Bring me another peach. I ve hit the pit. And they didn t have any music in the audition. No boom box. They just wanted to make it as sad as possible. So I m just dancing… in utter silence. All you could literally hear was just the rustling of my clothes. And some of you don t know this about me, but I used to be an aerospace engineer. I worked at Boeing for about 31/2 years before I quit to do stand-up full-time. You ever been outside your body, observing a situation in a moment in your life? There was a point during the audition where I was like, You used to build airplanes.  What the fuck is wrong with you? And then I just body-rolled out of the audition. Thank you. Little bit about me. Both my parents are from Afghanistan. That never gets that response when I do the road. You could hear a pin drop normally when I say that. White people don t know this, but I m like the Tom Cruise of Afghanistan. No, I m just kidding. There s an Afghan version of Top Gun. I was the star. I mean, it s not a big deal. No, I m just kidding. Yeah, parents are from Afghanistan. It s the worst time to be a brown person in America right now. It s very strange being the most feared ethnic group in the country. It s like, move over, black people. There s a new kid in town. Thanks for keeping the seat warm. No, I take that back. One on one, you d probably be more afraid of a black guy than you would me. Like, if it was a dark alley in the middle of the night, you d be more afraid of him than me. But on public transportation… I feel like I win that one, especially if I was using a Nokia cell phone from the early 90s. I m playing Snake, bro. Don t worry about it. Nobody with an iPhone blows themselves up, right? You re like, this guy s on a two-year contract, at least. We re safe. But if it s a shitty flip phone, you re like, This guy is pay-as-you-go. He s got nothing to lose. Boost Mobile? Let s get the fuck out of here! Very over-protective parents. You know, I have to fly around a lot doing stand-up. And whenever my mom finds out about a gig, she ll call me up the night before. She ll be like, I want your flight number. I want the name of the hotel you re staying at. I want the phone number of the comedy booker. I m like, What are you gonna do with this info? You live all the way in Seattle. Like, if I die, I die. My mom thinks she s Liam Neeson from Taken. Like, if something were to happen to me, she would just call the comedy booker up like, I have a very special set of skills. He s like, What are you gonna do? You re just a mom.  Look behind you.  What?  No one fucks with my son. I m like, Mom, thank god I gave you his contact info. Untie me. Sorry, boys, but I tell my mom everything. Growing up, I was never allowed to partake in sleepovers, which is a very… See? You know what I m talking about. White people are like, Why? That makes no sense. It s a very American thing to do. It s not a big deal. But I wasn t allowed to, and the reason being… this is a very Middle Eastern fear… is, my parents thought that I would get molested. These are my best friends that I ve known for years and years. I was like, Dad, I m not gonna get molested. And my dad is like, Don t sell yourself short.  You re a very attractive child. And I was like, You re just saying that  cause you re my dad. You don t really mean it. And he s like, No, pedophiles would kill to get in those OshKosh B Goshes. I mean, if I wasn t your dad, I mean… No, I m just kidding, come on. Growing up, my dad, he would always mistake video games for real things that were happening on TV. All the time. Like, me and my brother would be playing NBA Jam, and my dad would walk into the room and be like, Oh, the Lakers are playing the Celtics. Then one of us would dunk from half court, and he d be like, Wow! Wow! That guy just did 17 front flips before slam dunking. That guy s good. What, the net is on fire from a jump shot? This is the greatest game I ve ever seen in my life. What is this ‘boom shakalaka  the reporter keeps on talking about? Why is Will Smith on the Lakers? It must have been super awkward for him the following day at work by the water cooler. He s like, You guys see that game last night? It had to be on SportsCenter, that 17-front-flip dunk? Then this Italian guy got in the go-kart and was driving around town. There s banana peels everywhere. There s a big turtle shell epidemic. Be careful out there. I m curious. Who out here is dating? Anybody dating? Clap if you re dating. Yeah. I ve realized dating is essentially guys just pretending to have way more money than they really do. That s all it is. Like, we ll take you to some fancy French restaurant, then we ll take you to go see a play. Even after all of that, a lot of times, a girl still won t like you, which stings, as a man, because that means she s not even into the rich version of you. Women like tall guys. I always hear that. They ll be like, I need a tall man. I like to feel safe. It s 2016, you don t live in the fucking jungle. Such a bullshit excuse. Just say you like tall guys, you know? What if titties make me feel safe? Also, ladies, you can t claim to be taller than me if you can t even walk in the shoes that make you taller than me. They ll be like, I don t date short guys. If you ll excuse me…oh, fuck. Oh, shit. Oh, fuck…oh! I m still taller…oh! That s my favorite thing in the world, just watching women in high heels walk down steep hills, cause it s like a baby calf being born. Why are your hands always in front of you too? Like, you re gonna Tony Stark your way out of it? J.A.R.V.I.S., set coordinates for the club. Women like romantic comedies. I always hear that too. You ll watch them and be like, How come guys don t act like that in real life? But you don t want that. You would be super turned off if guys acted like that in real life. Like, if I walked up to you and I was like, I can t sleep without you. I can t eat. I need you in my life! They d be like, What the fuck is wrong with this guy?  This guy is way too into me. It s too much pressure. The only time guys act like they re in romantic comedies is when a bunch of us are together and one of us gets a text message with the promise of sex. We ll be hanging out, and just out of nowhere, like… Yo, this chick says she s at my place and wants to rip my pants off. And everyone s like, What are you doing? Go after her!  Go to her. She s the one. I feel like, generally, women are kind of skeptical, just always, like, questioning things. Even guys you really like, just always questioning things. You ll be on a date with a girl, overlooking the city skyline, and be like, Hey, isn t this beautiful? She ll be like, Do you do this with all the girls? Just fucking enjoy the view. Is that your move? You go on dates with girls and try to have sex with them? Yeah. That s my move. That s every guy s move. Guys don t question things. If a guy s getting a BJ behind a Chipotle dumpster, he s not like, Whoa-whoa-whoa, wait a second. Do you do this with all the guys? Is that your move? You just give beejes behind dumpsters? I don t want to be another notch on your belt, Becky. I thought I was a snowflake, but I m just like the rest. There could be a line, and we wouldn t care. Like, Hey, what s up? Is this thing moving fast or slow? Cool. I remember one time, I went on a date, and at the end of the date, I went in for the kiss, and then I got the pull-back. Nothing makes you feel like the Elephant Man faster than the pull-back. Like, Agh, don t look at me! Please love me! Am I worthy of love? No? Okay, sorry. The one good thing about getting the pull-back is, at least you know where you stand in the relationship. You know, no one gets the pull-back and they re like, All right, so I ll see you sometime soon? No, you go, It was nice knowing you.  Which way to the cave? This way? Just Google Maps. Word of advice, fellas, if you ever do go in for the kiss, make sure you re at least in front of her place, because one time, I got the pull-back in a parking structure. And I m like, I still got to drive this chick home. This is the most awkward car ride in my entire life. The turn signal had never been louder. A lot more turns than I remember there being. It seems there s more turns on the way back. When I went in for the kiss, she was like, What are you doing? What are you…stop. I go, What do you mean, what am I doing? This is the fifth time we ve hung out. Like, how do you not know this might be on the way? Like, I hate when girls will play dumb or be oblivious to situations they ve put themselves in. Like, some girls will be on Tinder and they ll write, If you re looking to hook up, keep looking. Hey, you re on Tinder, not eHarmony. That s like a girl being behind a glory hole and being like, I hope random cocks don t pop through this wall. I hope that doesn t happen. Why is it so hard to find a good man behind this glory hole? A cock pops through with an engagement ring on it. Yes, random cock, a thousand times yes! Oh, it s the same girth as my finger. It s kismet. I was driving the other day, and I was waiting for this guy to cross in front of my car, you know. And then he shoots me one of these. He goes… Like he s Magneto. Like I m trying to run him over but I can t. What the fuck? Not today. You ever see somebody cross the street comically slow, where you re like, this cannot be a real person? How fucking slow this person is walking. I had to wait for this elderly man. Every step was a miracle. Like, Oh! I m doing it! Feet, don t fail me now. He was walking so slow, a black guy passed him. One time, I was waiting for a black guy to cross the street, and he was just walking in place. And then he took one step forward… and then started moonwalking. I m like, You re fucking going backwards! Like I said, I always have to fly around, doing shows. And you ever been on a flight and you catch yourself watching somebody else s movie for way too long? I m watching Frozen with no sound for 40 minutes. It s in front of my own headrest, but I m like, I like this version. I m already emotionally invested. I hate flying Southwest the most, just because they re, like, the funny airline. Everybody who works there thinks they re a stand-up comedian, which is aggravating as a stand-up comedian, how easy the crowd is on a plane. It s very hard to do this for a living, but on a Southwest flight, people just fucking give it up for anything. They ll be like, At this time, we ll have you turn off all iPhones, BlackBerrys, and…blueberries. And people are like… Is that a real phone model? That s a fruit. Those guys are like fucking Richard Pryor up there. Why are you a flight attendant? Follow your dreams. I always see families traveling together at the airport, and parents will have their little kids pulling these tiny Spider-Man suitcases that are, like, this big. Just pack for your kid. Why does a toddler need his own suitcase? I just picture this little kid waking up in the morning in his racecar bed, like, Oh, no, I overslept for my flight to LaGuardia. Fuck. Let s see, I need my Ninja Turtles. A scoop of ice cream. It s a long flight. I might get hungry. Tell the shuttle to wait for me! Tell the shuttle to wait! […] One time I got to the gate for my flights and there was… there was like five middle eastern dudes in traditional garb. You know, they had like gowns, turbans, beards, and all the white people were freaking out. They was just like sweating bullets, like, fuck, it s going down, and one of the guys he confided me. He was like hey man how come you re not nervous about this? and I was like do you think that if they were terrorists they d be dressed up like that?  Okay we re going to blow up the Southwest flight tomorrow . So I should wear my extra big turban? To fly under the radar? Should I bring my bowling ball with a wig coming out of it? Shall I do that? It s crazy there s a lot of Islamophobia going on nowadays like there s this a munitions manufacturer in Idaho that s selling pork coated bullets so that if you shoot and kill a Muslim person it ll prevent them from getting into paradise. How much do you fear Muslims when you re applying werewolf rules? What do you think is gonna happen if I get shot one of those bullets? It would be like [aaarrrggghhhh…] what are these things?  Pork motherfucker!  My only weakness… Do you think God is that technical – I m up at the pearly gates and he s like look it s a shame you got murdered but there was pork on those bullets… I d love to let you in but rules are rules… kachunk!.. Ahhhhhhhh!!!! It s crazy like I m not even like that Muslim, you know, but I find myself having to defend Islam a lot. I got into an argument with a guy, I was like not every Muslim is a terrorist, and he was like there s no white terrorists … I see no white terrorists bro. I was like, yeah but you guys have mass shooters. And he was like so do you…  Oh yeah. But we just got into it. Although I will say the closest thing white people have to a terrorist is Timothy McVeigh, the Oklahoma City bomber. He s like the M&M of terrorism. He was so dope even Middle Eastern people were like yeah, I give you that. He is very good. Good timing. Good execution. He s in my top five. It goes him, chemical Ali, Mohammed Atta, Kyra s one… For some reason… they re in there.

MAZ JOBRANI@IMMIGRANT@2017@[Public Enemy s Fight the Power playing] ? Swingin while I m singin Givin what ya gettin ? ? Knowin what I know ? Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the stage, Maz Jobrani! ? We ve got to fight the powers That be ? ? Fight the power ? ? Fight the power ? ? Fight the power ? ? Fight the power ? ? Fight the power ? ? We ve got to fight the powers That be ? ? As the rhythm designed to bounce What counts is that the rhymes ? ? Designed to fill your mind ? ? Now that you ve realized The pride s arrived ? ? We got to pump the stuff To make us tough ? ? From the heart, it s a start A work of art ? ? To revolutionize, make a change Nothing s strange… ? What s up, D.C.?! Oh! Oh! Kennedy Center, how you doing? Whoo! Whoo! ? Fight the power, fight the power ? ? Lai-lai-lai-lai, lai-lai-lai-lai ? Oh, my God. This is amazing. I don t think Public Enemy ever thought someone would be dancing Persian… to Fight the Power. ? Fight the power, ohh ? ? Fight the power ? ? Lai-lai-lai-lai Ohh, oh-oh-ohh ? ? Ohh, lai-lai-lai ? Whoo! Oh! I am excited to be here. This is a dream come true. I ve been wanting to shoot a special in Washington D.C. for the past 20 years, since I started doing standup. I swear to God. And it s happening here. I m excited. I m excited. It s so cool. And I love D.C. It s so diverse. When I start my shows, I always want to see who s in the audience. By applause, where s my immigrants? Immigrants, by applause. Let me hear you. Yes! My people! My people! Immigrants. Immigrants. Non-immigrants. Let me hear the non-immigrants. You ve been here several generations. Yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! Thank you for coming, white people. Thank you. You made it official. Thank you very much. What s your name, white man right there? What s your name? – Ed. – Ed! Thank you, Ed. Thank you. Ed got the license, we showed up. This is so cool. I m an immigrant, too. I was born in Iran. I grew up in America. Where s my Iranians? Let me hear the Iranians. Yes. Yes. Ed, I knew they would be here because it s part of the nuclear deal. They have to show up. Yeah. Thank you for coming, Iranians. Where s my Arabs? Arabs? Yala, habibi! Yala, yala! By the way, white people, that s how you get Arabs. If you re looking for Arabs, go… They volunteer. They have to. I could totally work for the TSA. I would find Arabs all day long. I d trick them. I d be like, Take out your liquids, computer and… Right here. Five. I got five. I got five. What kind of Arab are you guys right there? You. – Syrian. – Syrian! Thank you, Syria, for coming! Yes! Thank you! Yes! Syrians are welcome here. You re welcome. We love you. We love you. That s right. That s how we roll. Thank you. This is amazing. Any Indians in the house? Indians? Yes! Look at you guys. I love you guys, too. I love you guys so much, I married one of you. Yeah! Yeah! Well, there s a billion of you, so odds are we re gonna marry you. It s either them or Chinese, you know? Any Chinese people in the house? Chinese? Thank you, Chinese lady! You re gonna have to up your game. There s a lot more Indians than you now, so you might want to, you know… – What s your name, Chinese lady? – Stephanie. Stephanie. What a very Chinese name. Stephanie. Such an ethnic name. What other backgrounds? Who else is here tonight? Where? – Pakistan! – Wait, stop. Pakistan, don t yell like that. Take it easy. This guy. Haven t you been watching the news? Pakistan. Pakistan! Aah! Okay. – What? – Azerbaijan! – Azerbaijan? And what were you saying? – El Salvador. El Salvador, Azerbaijan. Together for them, right now. Okay. Guys, Netflix is international now, so we re gonna keep going till we hit every country. Listen, the reason I was asking all this is because I want to make a point. There s a lot of people that come from around the world that come to America, we re immigrants, and we love America. We come, we love America. Right? People need to know. There s a lot of anti-immigrant sentiment right now. People need to know that we love America. We come here for a reason, and we contribute, by the way. We contribute to America in many ways, right? We contribute… with business and intellectually, in many ways. Even culturally, we contribute. I m about to contribute to the American culture right now. You ready? I m gonna teach you something. This is an Iranian thing that we do. I want you to take it. Now you can use it. Ed, if you re ever singing a song, and you get stuck in that song, I ll teach you how to get out of that song. If you don t know the lyrics to a song, all you gotta do… ? Lai-lai-lai, lai-lai-lai-lai Lai-lai-lai-lai ? Yeah. It s an Iranian thing. It gets you out of any song, Ed. Any song. Like the song Fight the Power. If I didn t know the lyrics… ? Fight the power Lai-lai-lai-lai, lai-lai-lai-lai ? Lai-lai-lai works! It could be any song. Ed, you could be singing Itsy Bitsy Spider to a kid. You get stuck. You go… ? Itsy bitsy spider Went up the water spout ? ? Lai-lai, lai-lai-lai Lai-lai-lai-lai-lai ? That s it! Lai-lai-lai is a great way out of a song. Guys, if I ever sing the national anthem at a baseball game, you ll know when I m stuck. I ll be at the baseball game, at the Washington Nationals. ? O say can you see ? ? Lai-lai-lai, lai-lai-lai ? ? Lai-lai-lai, lai-lai-lai-lai ? ? Lai-lai-lai, lai-lai-lai ? ? Lai-lai-lai-lai, lai-lai-lai ? ? Lai-lai, lai-lai-lai Lai-lai-lai, lai-lai-lai ? ? Lai-lai-lai-lai, lai-lai-lai-lai ? ? Lai-lai, lai-lai, lai-lai-lai ? ? Lai-lai-lai ? ? Lai-lai-lai, lai-lai-lai-lai ? ? And the home of the brave ? Yes! That s right! That s how I will sing the national anthem. And then I will be deported. Oh, my God. Speaking of being deported, Trump is president, and… Yeah, I know. I still can t believe it. Every time I see him talking, I m just waiting for him to go, Live from New York, it s Saturday Night! You d be like, Oh, my God, it s been the longest sketch ever. Wow! Oh, my God. I gotta tell you, I know some of you might ve voted for him. I know that some immigrants actually voted for Trump because they wanted fewer taxes, but they ended up with fewer relatives. Yeah. That happens. I ll be honest. When the whole Muslim ban thing… people were saying Muslim ban… they asked me, Are you afraid? I go, I m not afraid personally of the Muslim ban. Because the honest truth is I m really not that religious. I was born in Iran, but I m not really religious. I m not really Muslim. I m more like Muslim-ish. You know? This is how Muslim I am: I could play a Muslim in a movie. You d go see it, you d believe it. You d go to a movie, you d see me on the screen. Allahu Akbar!  Oh, he s good. Look at that. Wow.  He speaks the language. Wow. He s… He s fluent in Muslim-ish. Wow. But the honest truth is I m not that religious. If I were really Muslim, I would have to fast during Ramadan. I don t fast during Ramadan. I couldn t drink alcohol. I drink alcohol. I would have to pray five times a day. I don t pray. The only time I pray is if I m almost in an accident. And then I just go, Oh, Jesus! Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It s the wrong God! It s the wrong God! I just say, Oh, Jesus, because it s faster. Oh, Jesus!  Oh, Muhammad! Takes too long. Takes too long. Takes too long. Yeah. If you go, Oh, Muhammad, you re gonna get in the accident, you ll be in the ambulance, on your way to the hospital… I should ve gone with Jesus. You know what I m saying? I m just saying. I m just saying. So, I wasn t too worried about the Muslim ban personally, but my cousin Majid… that guy is screwed, okay? He s a real Muslim. He prays five times a day, fasts during Ramadan. Like, he s gotta go, you know. No, I didn t say it, Trump said it. He s gotta go. I love him, he s a nice guy, but he s gotta go. I m just saying, if the FBI shows up at my house and goes, Are there any Muslims? I d be like, Yeah. Majid. I m not gonna lie to the FBI. Actually, guys, it was kind of sad, because, like I said, I m Iranian and my wife is Indian, so our kids are all colored up, and… it was very sad. When Trump won, my little six-year-old girl came up to me. She was scared. She goes, Daddy, am I gonna get deported? Yeah. And I said, No, baby, you re not gonna get deported. You were born here. You re not gonna be deported. But Cousin Majid s gotta go. You might want to say goodbye. You know, as a comedian, it s been really hard to keep up with Trump, because he says so much crazy shit all the time. It s been really hard. I swear to God. Listen, I don t know if you remember… a little while ago, he was doing a press conference, and I actually was watching. I felt sorry for him, he was doing the press conference, for no reason, he decided to volunteer some information. Nobody asked him. He just decided, By the way, I just want everyone to know that I won this election with the most Electoral College votes since Ronald Reagan. And the reporter goes, Sir, actually, Barack Obama had more Electoral College votes than you did. He goes, Okay, fine. But I won with the most Electoral College votes for a Republican since Ronald Reagan. And the reporter goes, Sir! Actually… George Bush Sr. had more Electoral College votes than you did. He goes, Fine, I won with the most Electoral College votes for a Republican in this election. Can we agree to that? I wish that s what he would ve said. What he actually said was, Well, someone told me. Who told you? Some guy in the bathroom? What the hell? Was he in the bathroom? Hey, by the way, you won with the most Electoral College votes since…  Can I go tell the world? I want to go tell them that. Guys, I was watching that. I felt sorry for him, because I realized he s not qualified to be the President of the United States of America. He just is not. He is not. And listen, let me tell you something. Listen. That s not to poo-poo on him, okay? None of us are qualified… No, this is the Kennedy Center. Two of you are qualified. But most people are not qualified to be the President of the United States. This is the most important job in the world. It s not the managerial position at Carl s Jr., okay? And it s the only job where people go, You know what? I want an outsider. I want someone who s never done this to go in there and give it a shot, see what happens. You don t hear anyone ever be like, I want a surgeon who s an outsider. Someone who s never operated before. Someone who will take my left eye and put it in my right eye. That s who we have as president right now. Just not qualified. I have a feeling when he had his first intelligence briefing, I can imagine him saying something like, Wow! There s so many countries! Couldn t you imagine that? He s like, Wow. Malta s a country? Really? I thought that was an ice cream. You mean Madagascar is not an animation movie? What?! The only place he seems to know is Mar-a-Lago. Every week, Mar-a-Lago, Mar-a-Lago. How much time is he gonna go… And he keeps sending Jared Kushner, his son-in-law, to the most dangerous places in the world. I think he s trying to get rid of his son-in-law. I swear to God. Every week: You go to Iraq. I m going to Mar-a-Lago. You go to… Yeah, you don t need a vest. No bulletproof vest. Go over there. I m gonna go to Mar-a-Lago. It s a mess, and we ve seen it, and part of it is… Listen, guys, it s like, uh… we saw it with the travel ban. That was so poorly done. I gotta admit, as an Iranian-American, I was offended by the travel ban, because the fact is, they were trying to sell it to America, saying that it was for America s safety, to keep terrorists out of the country. And none of the countries on the travel ban had committed an act of terror in America. Right? Yeah, and then they had the balls to introduce Travel Ban 2.0. Like it s an iPhone update. They just… I was so upset. I was watching TV, and Kellyanne Conway was on TV, and she was trying… No, listen. No, of course. Yeah. Yeah. How do you really feel about her? Listen, I was watching her on TV, and she goes, It s just a little bit of an inconvenience at the airports. It s not a big deal. After September 11th, when there was further scrutiny at the airports, I did not mind being scrutinized, because it was for my own safety. I wanted to shake her and go, It s not just a little inconvenience. Because I heard the real stories. As an Iranian-American, I was getting the real stories. There was families being torn apart, people that needed medical attention that couldn t get it, weddings being canceled, all kinds of stuff. And I got so upset, I went down to Los Angeles International, LAX, and I protested. I went down to the protest. Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! I gotta tell you guys, if you haven t protested, you should. It s so much fun. No, find any protest, you just go down and you march. It s so much… I swear to God. He s been president… every weekend, I find a protest. It s great. No, you just go down there, they give you cookies. It s delicious. And it s good exercise. I ve been getting really good exercise. People go, You been doing Pilates? I go, No, I ve been doing Trump-ates. Just do Trump-ates, Trump-ates, Trump-ates. Guys, I was excited. I went down to LAX, and I was marching. We were all marching, some guy comes up and goes, Bro, this is the most amazing thing in the world. This is the most diversity I ve ever seen in Los Angeles. And I go, Bro, that s because we are at the airport. People are literally flying in from around the world as we speak. He s like, But there s Asians. I go, That s because AirAsia just landed! You think everybody shows up at a protest with luggage? What the hell? There was some poor Korean guy. He was just trying to cross the street. This guy: Excuse me, excuse me. Yeah, excuse me. Yeah, I know. Trump must go, but so must I! I have to… I go to Disneyland, please. Excuse me. Ed, let me tell you something I learned at the protest. White people born in America protest differently than people of color and other people not born in America. We were down there, all marching together, everything s going fantastic. We re marching, moving forward. And then suddenly the riot police came out, and I was like, Oh, shit. I m just gonna go protest over here for a minute. But the white dudes did not care. They re just, Out of my way, copper. Here I come. It s my right. Here I come, copper. Out of my way. It s my right. He was just walking. It s my Third Amendment, my Ninth Amendment. He knew the amendments! It s my 45th Amendment right. I was in the back. There s 45 amendments? I swear to God, I saw a white guy with his finger in the face of the riot police guy, just waving his finger, and the riot cop had his hand on his baton, ready to go. He was waving. I m in the back. I m like, Calm down, white guy! You re gonna get us in trouble! The Mexican guy: Now s a good time to go to the bathroom. Feet don t fail me now! Guys, I was so scared at the protest. I ll tell you how scared I was. I took my passport to the protest. Yeah. Who takes their passport to a protest? Immigrant. I wasn t gonna get deported. If the cops stop me, Officer, I m with you. God bless America. God bless you. Make America great again, Officer. Officer, I m with you, but my cousin Majid… you can have him if you want. My God. As you can tell, I m a Democrat, I m liberal, but I have Republican friends. I love you no matter what side you re on, whether you re Democrat, Republican. If you re Republican, I love you. Even though you did what you did, I still love you. Election night, I was at a party with a lot of my liberal friends, and when Hillary lost, my liberal friends were devastated. They were crying. They were devastated. And I, too, was devastated, but not just because she lost, but also because I donated $1,000 to her campaign. So, as I was watching her lose on TV, I m like, This bitch… just lost me $1,000! You mean I didn t have to donate $1,000? Don t get me wrong. I m not such a baller that I just donated $1,000 out the gate. No. I donated 250 because I felt that s what I could afford. That was my civic duty. It was done. But any of you, if you donated to either side, you know how it works. They email you a week later asking you to donate again. So, a week later, I got an email: Maz, thanks for the 250. But if you give us 250 more, you ll put us over the top. We re gonna win this shit. I m such an idiot. Honey, I just got an email from Hillary Clinton. She said 250 more, they re gonna win it. It s on our shoulders. I fell for that shit four times. Who s the asshole now? I still remember that night. Oh, my God. I was shocked. Everybody was shocked when Hillary lost. Trump was shocked when he won. He didn t expect to win. Go look at the video of when he comes up on the stage when he wins. Watch how slowly he walks. He can t believe we voted for him. He s like, Are you sure? They voted for me? After all the shit I said, they voted for me? Really? Oh, my God! I actually don t think he wanted to win. I don t. Yeah, I m telling you. I m serious. He s a megalomaniac billionaire businessman who likes to tweet. He didn t want to win. He was trying to say crazier and crazier stuff, hoping we wouldn t vote for him, but we voted for him. I knew he wanted to lose when he came out and said that Barack Obama was the founder of ISIS. Remember when he said that? Barack Obama is the founder of ISIS. Then the next day, he goes on a conservative radio show, and the announcer tries to help him out. He goes, Sir, do you mean that Barack Obama s policies led to the creation of ISIS and therefore where we are right now? And he goes, Nope. I mean Barack Obama is the founder of ISIS. I was watching that. I m like, This motherfucker s trying to lose! Oh, my God. But people voted for him. Again, some of you might be here. The number-one thing I heard a lot of Trump voters say: I love him because he says what s on his mind. He just says what s on his mind. He just says what s on his mind! You go, What are your thoughts on his policies?  I don t know about his policies. He just says what s on his mind. I thought that was the dumbest thing I d ever heard till I went to visit… Yeah, seriously. I thought that was the dumbest thing I d ever heard till I went to visit my mother, my own mother. Iranian lady. She had fallen for the line. My own mother. She goes, Maz, I like this guy because he say what is on his mind. I go, Mom, are you crazy? He s anti-immigrant. If he becomes President, your relatives can t come to visit you. She goes, I don t like them anyway. She goes, Maz, he say what is on his mind so I don t have to say what is on my mind… which is, ‘Stop visiting me, you cheap bastards! What am I, the Air-b-and-the-b?  Right? A lot of immigrants like Trump. A lot of immigrants get in this country, and they don t want any more of them coming. I was in an Uber with an older Armenian guy. This guy loved Trump. Barely spoke English, but he loved Trump. Whole drive, he was trying to tell me what a great politician he is. He kept saying what a great politic he is. The whole drive, the Armenian guy: Donald Trump, number-one politic. Very good politic. Number-one politic. Very good number-one politic. Number-one very good politic. Finally, I go, Dude, he s anti-immigrant. You re an immigrant! He goes, Yes, but I m here. For me, good politic. For my cousin, not good politic. Very bad. I go, You got a cousin Majid, too? But no matter what you say about Trump, you have to admit he does say what s on his mind. He does say what s on his mind. Like when he said, If you want to pick up women, you gotta grab them by the pussy. Yeah, I know. I didn t say it. He said it. I know. I got so upset, I went to my mom. Mom, did you hear what your guy said? He said if you want to pick up women, you gotta grab them by the pussy. My mom goes, Reminds me of your father. May God rest his soul. And his hands. His very busy hands. Guys, think about it. This is now part of our presidential political history. It s gonna be in the books. Our kids will have to study it. Our kids are gonna study. John F. Kennedy said, Ask not what your country can do for you. Ask what you can do for your country. And Donald J. Trump said, Grab them by the pussy! Yeah! It s in the books. And then the next day, his supporters: It was just one pussy. What are you all… The pussy was there, he grabbed it. What are you gonna do with a pussy? You d grab a pussy, too! Wouldn t you grab a pussy? He himself came out and said it was locker room talk. Guys, in my 45 years as a man, none of my friends have ever told me that that was the move. I thought maybe that s why I wasn t getting laid in high school. I didn t know that was the move, you were supposed to walk up… Hey, Gwen, how you doing? What s going on? What a beautiful day. I got you, Gwen! Don t move. I got you. Yeah. Yeah. Got you by the pussy. It s like Capture the Flag. I got you right there. Capture the Flag. We re living in crazy times. Because here s what it is: Trump needs to start taking responsibility for his words, because his words have meaning. They do. They do. They do! He says stuff, and there s been a rise to racism, there s been a rise to hate crimes, a lot of anti-immigrant sentiment out there. He needs to take responsibility, because the things he does emboldens racists. There was that guy in Kansas who went out and shot two Indians, and then went and told someone that he shot two Iranians. Got the wrong people, but he still… whatever. It s crazy. And then the Arabs, forget it. You guys, don t even… Don t speak Arabic on an airplane, or you re not going anywhere. You know what I m talking about? Even before Trump was president, did you hear about the Iraqi guy who was on a Southwest flight going from LA to San Francisco? He was on the phone, speaking Arabic to his father on the phone. Passengers overheard him, kicked him off the plane. You heard about that, right? You re nodding. What s your name? – Isa. – Isa. You heard about that, right? This poor guy was just walking down the aisle, Arabic on the… Just walking down, like… Halamaha, halamaha, halamaha. That s not Arabic, but that s what it sounds like. He was just going, Halamaha, halamaha, halamaha. Isa, does that mean anything… Halamaha, halamaha ? Am I getting close? How about Hala, alamahala ? Is that closer? I feel like I m saying something. Halamahala! This poor guy, just going, Halamaha, halamaha. I m not sure if that s how he was walking, because that s not very threatening. If he was going, Halamaha, halamaha, halamaha. The passengers would be like, There s a gay Arab dude… sashaying down the aisle. He s just going, ‘Halamaha, halamaha, halamaha. Chanel No. 5. Halamaha, halamaha.  I m telling all my Arab friends, do not  halamahala on a plane. Because halamahala  is not flying. You halamahala, you re gonna end up on a bus. Not sure where you re going. People are afraid of immigrants. And if you watch Fox News or any of those networks, you, too, will be afraid of immigrants. Oh, my God. I tried to watch a half an hour of Fox News. I was afraid of immigrants. Guys, I swear to God, there s so much death and destruction and Armageddon on the… There s a lady… Judge Jeanine Pirro… Oh, my God. This lady is always screaming at the TV, like, The end of the world is coming. And she s really upset and angry. Yeah, here we go… I tried watching once. She was freaking out. She has this digital American flag behind her. She s like, The Mexicans are gonna take our jobs, and the Muslims are gonna kill us, and we re gonna get eaten by sharks. We re gonna get eaten by Mexican Muslim sharks! With the Zika virus! I was like, Aah! You need a break. Guys, the way I take a break: I watch sports. That s how I take a break. My wife watches the Kardashians. That s her break. I know, it s just brain-dead stuff. You know what I m saying? Like, I don t pay attention to the… The only time I paid attention to the Kardashians was when Bruce Jenner became Caitlyn Jenner. Right? Remember that? I know some of the Middle Eastern people get uncomfortable when I talk about that stuff. Right now, Ed… Maz, please talk more about the Trump politics. I don t want to talk about… Sex change make me very uncomfortable. Guys, I m all for it, all right? Anybody that knows with that much conviction that they want to be another sex, good for them. Yeah! I m serious. That guy knew that he wanted to be a woman, all right? I can t even decide what to eat for dinner. Ask me, What do you want for dinner?  I don t know. Sushi, Italian, Chinese, I m not sure. This guy? Woman. Ask me, Want to be a woman?  I don t know. Let s have some sushi. We can talk about it. I m very liberal when it comes to that kind of stuff. Even when gay marriage became legal all over the country, I was so excited. I sent out a tweet: Congratulations to my gay friends. You can finally get married. An Arab dude tweeted me back: Maz, gay marriage is not accepted in our communities. I hit him back. I go, What are you afraid of? They re gonna start proposing to you, you hairy bastard? Right? You think you ll be walking down the street, a gay guy s just gonna jump out of a bush? ‘Marry me!  Stop judging, man. Take care of yourself first. Right? Deal with yourself first. Oh! And it s been positive news for the LGBT community. It s been positive news for the LGBT community. Yeah. Now, I know right now there s a group of Persians in the back, they re confused. I guarantee you someone s dad does not know what LGBT community is. They think it s a bank. I guarantee you. I swear, right now there s a guy: LGBT Community Bank? Maz, I am with HSBC, but I can go LGBT. Is good interest rates?  LGBT stands for lesbian, gay, bi and transgender. They just got more confused. He said ‘buy and ‘transaction. That s a bank. He was an Olympic champ, man. I watched the… My mom was watching the last Olympics when Usain Bolt won. Right? Fastest man in the world. Usain Bolt won. My mom called me up. Maz, did you see? Hossein Bolt just won. I go, Mom, it s Usain.  No, it s Hossein. They forgot the ‘H . I go, Mom, it s Usain. He s a Jamaican.  No, he s one of us. Hossein. He s Iranian, maybe Arab. But he s Hossein. I go, Mom, he s black.  We have black people! Southern part of Iran, we have black people. She was… She was trying to take credit for Usain Bolt. You know how much it s got to suck to race against Usain Bolt? Because you know you re gonna lose every time. Every one of those guys at the Olympics had to train four years of their lives. Eat right, exercise, do everything right, sleep right, fly to the other side of the world. They show up at the starting line, and Usain Bolt shows up. Every one of them was hoping he would have food poisoning from the night before. Every one… Oh, come on! This is bullshit! If I trained four years of my life, ran, exercised, slept right, did everything right, flew to the other side of the world, Usain Bolt showed up, I would do something to get noticed. Something. When the hit the gun, I d go the other way. Think about it. They would have to interview you. Right? They d have to come up after the race. Why d you go the other way?  In my country, you hear a gun, you go that way. We have war in my country. Let me come to your country, please! Oh, my God. Where s the guys that are in their forties? Guys in your forties, where are you, by applause? There you go, right there. What s your name? – Farid. – Farid, how old are you? – Forty-something. – Forty-something? That s 49½. Farid, I m 45. Let me ask you a question. When you watch the Olympics, do you still, in the back of your mind, think if you started training right now… that in four years you could compete in one of the events? Do you still have that fantasy? Farid, I have not given up. I still watch. I go, I could do some of this shit. I was watching the diving. I go, I could do the diving. If I trained four years of my life, every day, I thought I could do it. Farid, I m not delusional. I wouldn t start the first day on the high dive, do a triple axel. You know what I m saying? The first week, I would just bounce. Just one week… Just one week, I d bounce. Week two: Cannonball. I d work my way up. Farid, I got so into it that I actually started doing the research. I go, There s gotta be a team that needs a diver. Not Team USA, because USA always has the best. I thought maybe Iran could use a diver. I actually researched to see what Iran won the medals in last time. They won in taekwondo, wrestling and weightlifting. All individual sports. We can only do individual sports. Yeah. People from that part of the world, Iranians, Arabs, Armenians, Indians, we can only do individual. We can t do team sports. No, because we don t get along with each other. We ll never win the World Cup because we argue with each other. You know what I m saying? Guys, I ve played soccer my whole life. Anytime I ve played on a team with Iranians, we start the game with 11 players, end it with three. And it s not because the referee gives us red cards. No, we argue and walk off. Every game, there s a guy: Pass the ball! Pass the ball! You don t pass, I m leaving! You don t pass the ball, I m gonna go. You gotta pass the ball! Every game. And then one hour later, we re all at a Persian restaurant. It s a love-fest. One hour later, same guy: I m so sorry. Listen, buddy, I love you. I love you. I got crazy. I get crazy. You didn t pass. I was open. You didn t pass. I was open. I was open. Open. You didn t pass the ball! I love you. Next time, pass the ball. For now, pass the kebab. Pass the kebab for now. Next… Guys, I got so into this that I actually started watching to see… watched the competition a little bit. I was watching the diving team, and the announcer comes on. He goes, Diving next for China, Ming Ling Li just turned ten. I was like, Shit! I m old enough to be her great-grandfather. Maybe I can babysit at the next Olympics. Athletes remind you you re getting older. Athletes and kids. Who s got young kids here? Anybody? There you go. Farid. Right there. Farid, how old are your kids? I have a five-year-old and two-and-a-half. Five and two-and-a-half. Adorable, right? You love them, right? But they re also the most exhausting people in the world. Those who don t have kids, let me explain what it s like. When you don t have kids, when a three-day weekend comes up… Monday s off… when you don t have kids, you make plans. When you don t have kids… My God. Monday s off? Let s go to the beach, then we ll go to a barbeque, and then we ll go see a movie, and then we can go get a tattoo, and then adopt a pet. Then we go for a hike, then we take a nap, then we go for another hike, but backwards the second time. You make plans. When you have kids, first of all, you forget that Monday s off… until you wake up on Monday and they re still there. You turn to your wife, like, Why aren t they going to school?! Presidents Day?! What kind of bullshit is that? How are they gonna become president if they don t go to school? They should totally go to school. This is how exhausting kids are. A little while ago, Los Angeles Unified School District… LAUSD… got a terrorist bomb threat, shut down every school in LA. Every kid in LA was sent home. Every parent in LA was like, Aah! Shit! Are you sure it s real? Could we wait and see what happens? I had plans! Farid, my kids don t go to public school. They go to private school, so they gave us an option. They said we could either send them to school or keep them at home. I was honest with them. I go, Guys, Daddy s paid. You re going. But I gave them advice. I said, You see a bomb, just go the other way. But I told them, Go back to Math class. I paid for the full day, though. Guys, I did that joke. My eight-year-old son was in the audience. He came up to me after the show, goes, Daddy, remember that day you sent us to school on terrorist bomb day? I go, Yeah. He goes, There was only four of us there. I was like, Shit. And he goes, And two of us was me and my sister! I go, Actually, I didn t want you to go. Your mother wanted you to go. I love you. She s al-Qaeda. If you see something, say something. That s all I m saying. I don t know if you guys remember that. It was crazy. Los Angeles Unified School District got the terrorist bomb threat, shut it down. New York City got the exact same bomb threat on that same day. Did not shut it down. That s the day I realized, in LA, we are pussies. Soon as we got the bomb threat: Shut it down, close the schools, lock it up, everyone inside, inside! You want to go in the backyard and play? Just put on some sunblock. We have a lot of sun rays in Los Angeles. You gotta put on sunblock. You want to eat lunch? Okay, organic only, because we only eat organic in Los Angeles, okay? You want some grapes? Can you please cut the grapes? Our kids in Los Angeles don t know how to chew grapes. You gotta cut the grapes. If you give them a full grape, they just choke. Our kids in LA don t know how to just… They can t… Meanwhile, New York City got the exact same bomb threat. Yo, ISIS! I got your bomb threat right here! Right here, ISIS! Right here! And that was the five-year-old schoolgirls. That s how they talk in New York City. Guys, I guarantee you, right now there s a group of Persians in the back… Oh, my God. He grabbed his balls! I thought he was gonna do political material. Why did he grab his balls?! Ed, tokhm means balls. Go for it. Say it. Tokhm. – Tokh? – No. Tokhm! – Tokh. – No. Tokhm! With a T and then khm. – Tokhm! – Tokhm. – Tokhm! – Tokhm. But quick with the M . Not too long with the M . You don t want Tokhmmm. That s something else. – Just tokhm! – Tokhm! That s pretty good. See? This is a… This is a learning experience, ladies and gentlemen. Immigrants giving to the culture. Arabs, how do you say balls in Arabic? – Baydat! – Baydat! Baydat? Like, Don t buy this, baydat. Arabs are always trying to sell you something. Don t buy this. Baydat! Baydat! I give you good discount. Stephanie, how do you say balls in Chinese? That s a good one. I want to hear that. Teach us. – How do you say balls in Chinese? – I have no idea. You have no idea. What the hell happened to your guys languages? – QiÃƒÂº! – What is it? – QiÃƒÂº. – Chill? – QiÃƒÂº. – QiÃƒÂº? C-H… – Q-I-A-O. U-I-A-O? Chuiao! There s a lot of vowels in your balls. Right? Chuiao! They way you do Chinese: C , H , I,  A , O , U , sometimes Y . Chuiao! I love it. Chuiao. Chuiao. That s pretty close. Urdu. How do you say it in Urdu? – Tattay. – What? – Tattay. – What? Tattay! I feel like you have to go, Tattay. Tattay. Tattay. Right? Tattay. Someone raised their hand over here. Yes. What language? – Ukrainian. – Ukrainian. Oh, shit. How do you say balls in Ukrainian? – Yaytsya. – What?! Yaytsya? Yaytsya? Sounds like they re shocked to see the balls. In Ukraine: Yaytsya! Sign language! Did you just say sign language ? You got sign language?! Oh, no. Really? This is how you do balls in sign language. You win. That s the best. Show me again. How do you do it? You gotta go down, and then up. You sure those aren t elephant balls? I love it! See, guys? Immigrants are contributing to America as we speak. That s all I m saying. That s all I m saying. How did we end up on balls? Oh, yeah. My kids. Farid… are you guys raising your kids modern or traditional? – As modern as possible. – As modern as possible. I started hearing a lot of people complain about things I never knew we were supposed to complain about. I started hearing people come up and be like, My dad never played catch with me. I tell him, My dad, Iranian dad… Immigrant dads don t play catch with anybody. I came to America, six years old. If I went to my dad when I was six, asked him to play catch… Hey, Dad, let s play catch, he d be like, You re lucky you re in America. You want play catch? I send you to Iran. You can play catch with Khomeini and Saddam Hussein. I guess we re not playing catch. The things people will say. People say, My dad never said, ‘I love you.  I tell them, My dad, Iranian dad… Immigrant dads don t even know what that means. If I went to my dad… Dad, do you love me?  Ehh. I am growing used to you. Immigrant dads don t say… Immigrant parents don t say I love you all the time. In America, we have to tell our kids we love them all day long. In the morning, I love you. Lunchtime, I still love you. Afternoon, I loved you more than lunch and breakfast. I love you even more now. Even when they get in trouble, you gotta tell them you love them. My son gets in trouble… You re in big trouble. You did not clean your room! But just know that I love you. I m your father. I will always be here for you. I am the wind beneath your wings. I love you so much. I don t want you to grow up and have issues with me. I love you so much, I m gonna clean your room for you. I love you more than your mother loves you. She sent you to school on terrorist bomb day. Immigrant parents don t say they love you. My parents had sayings that indicated that they might love us. My dad always used to say, You re the light of my eyes. You re the light of my eyes.  You re the light of my eyes! You d be like, Wow! Yeah, don t clap. Don t clap. Because I would be like, Wow, does that mean you love me? He d be like, Ehh. That means I can see you in the dark. Watch what you re doing. Oh, my God. Kids are running the world now, man. You know how I know? Because when I was a kid, I used to have to play with the kids of my parents friends. Now I have to play with the parents of my kids friends. Yeah. I d be five years old. As soon as we entered the party with my dad, we d show up. My dad: Go. Go play with Amir.  I don t want to play with Amir!  Go play with Amir!  Amir s 29 years old!  That s not my problem. That s his problem. Till he finds good wife, he s their son. Go play with him. I was five. I d run in the room… Hi, Amir. You have any Legos?  No, dude. I have weed. Here s another way I know that kids are running the world. You know how many parties my wife and I have left because the kids need to go home and unwind and rewind and wound down? You know how many parties we ve been at? It s been happening. Guys, what a great party. It was just getting started, but we gotta go home. The kids gotta unwind and rewind and wound down. I know, you just brought out the best tequila. We were gonna party, but we gotta go home. The kids gotta unwind and rewind and wound down. I know, we were just about to have an orgy, but we gotta go home. The kids gotta unwind, rewind and wound down. My parents did not leave one party for us to go home and unwind and rewind and wound down. Not one. If we got tired at a party, they d be like, You want to sleep? Okay. Go find a pile of coats. Fall asleep on the coats. Make sure one of the coats is my coat so I don t forget you when I m going home. You would constantly be asleep on a pile of coats, and they d come, they wouldn t even wake you up. They just throw you over their shoulders. You d be half-asleep. You d think you re being kidnapped every night. They d throw you over their shoulders. You d be, Oh, my God, this is the fifth time this week. They kidnapped me again! And they thought they were doing good parenting. They didn t know any better. Hossein, look what a good father I am. I put my son to sleep on a pile of coats. What a good father. Hossein, give me a shot of vodka. I want to celebrate. Shot of vodka. He s asleep. Hossein, I m driving home. Give me a shot of vodka. I want to celebrate. Driving home. We didn t have drunk driving when I was a kid in Iran. We didn t have seat belts when I was a kid in Iran! You d be in the back of the car. Every turn, you d end up on a different side. Your dad in the front: Hold on to your sister! You re her seat belt. I love her. You are the light of my eyes. Now, in America, you ve got to put your kid in a car seat till they re 35 years old. With a helmet on. And a video player. Just saying… Where s the couples without kids? Where are you? Yes, yes, yes, yes. Yes, yes, yes, yes. Congratulations. Don t get me wrong. I love my kids. We love our kids. Right, Farid? But when you don t have kids, you have so much freedom, you don t even know. Yeah. If there s any advice I can give you, take advantage of the freedom you have. You guys have so much freedom when you don t have kids. When you don t have kids, you go home and just make love. Just go home and make love. When you don t have kids, you go home and role-play. Yeah, you go home and role-play. I know some of the Iranians just got confused again. I guarantee you right now, some guy: Roll play? They re gonna go bowling? Why they go bowling? Why they go… Role-play is when you pretend to be someone else during sex. When you have no kids, you guys can go home and just do Tarzan and Jane. You go home… Hey, go in the other room. When you hear me ‘Tarzan, just swing. Just swing. Use whatever. Use a chandelier. Just swing in. We re gonna have sex in this foyer. When you hear me go… Swing in! Sex in the foyer! When you have kids, you can t Tarzan and Jane. Right, Farid? You can t Tarzan and Jane when you have kids. You d wake the kids up! It would be the quietest Tarzan and Jane you ve seen your entire life. When you have kids, you ll be like… Psst! Jane, wake up. I told you, don t drink red wine, Jane. Red wine puts you to sleep, Jane! Jane, me Tarzan! Don t leave me out here alone with Cheetah. I played with my Cheetah last night, Jane. The Iranian guy s confused. He has a monkey named Cheetah? When you have young kids at the house, you can t have sex in the foyer. There s Legos all over the foyer. You ever stood barefoot on Legos? That shit hurts. You d be like, Ow. Jane. Ow. Wait. Hold on. Jane. Ow. Jane. Ow. Don t move, Jane. Ow. When you have kids, you re too tired to have sex. You know how many nights my wife and I, we ve taken the kids, we ve done the unwind, the rewind, the wound down, showered them up, went to tuck them in… When you tuck them in, that s when they start manipulating you. You tuck them in, you start walking out. Daddy? I m thirsty.  Here s some water. Hurry up. I might get laid. You start walking out. Daddy? I m hungry.  Here s a cracker. Let s go. I still have a chance. Start walking out. Daddy, I gotta poo.  Of course you do, because you ate and drank when you shouldn t have. And now Daddy s not gonna get any because of you, son. Thanks a lot. Daddy s going to bed with blue balls because of you, son. The Iranian guy s confused again. Blue balls is bowling. Blue balls, bowling. Blue balls, bowling. LGBT Community Bank. I got the whole show. You know how many nights my wife and I have done all that stuff? The unwind, the rewound, the unbound, whatever it is, the tucking them in. We end up in bed together. We are so exhausted. We look at each other and go, Babe… why try to have sex and ruin a good thing? We ve got Netflix! We ve got Netflix! Just hold my hand. Scratch. That s a good… That s a good scratch. That s a good… Oh, yeah. Scratch my head. That s a good scratch. That s a good scratch. Yeah, that s what happens. When you re married with children, you turn into monkeys. Just scratching each other all day long. This is what it is. You know what it is? Men and women are just different. We re both dealing with the same stresses, but when you have kids, a man can disengage and decompress quicker. When it comes to sex, men are ready to go anytime, anyplace. Women need time to decompress, get in the right frame of mind. Women, when it comes to sex, one little thing can throw you off. A man could be underneath the house, rewiring the house. The wires could all be out in the most precarious, dangerous positions. And from the distance, you can hear his wife just go, Sex! And a man would go for it. He would run through the wires, get electrocuted. He d show up: Hey, did you say… Did you… Sex? You said sex? You said sex? You said sex? You said sex. No, I got electrocuted. That s fine. You said sex! I got electrocuted. You said sex! I gotta go to the hospital. Let s have sex. I gotta go to the hospital. Women, very different. One little thing can throw you off. A woman could be like, I m not in the mood right now because my hair was supposed to be like this, but it s like that. And men, we re so stupid. We re like, I got a comb. I could comb your hair. Then we could go have sex. And women: No, you didn t hear me. My hair was supposed to be like this, but it s like that. Like this.  Well, I got a comb and a brush. I could do your hair, we could have sex. We re so dumb, we keep pushing till the real reason comes out. I got a comb and brush. I could make this happen.  No, you re not hearing me. My hair was like this, but it s like that. You forgot my birthday, asshole!  Uh, okay, well… heh heh. Happy birthday. Here s the comb. Surprise! I m gonna go rewire the house. That s why, guys, depending on the number of people you have living at the house, gotta spend a little more time getting your wife or girlfriend in the mood. If you have no kids at the house, you go home, have a glass of wine, make love, it s fantastic. When you have a couple of kids in the house, you ve got to spend a bit of time getting your wife in the right frame of mind. If you have your kids and the in-laws, you re not getting laid. It s not happening. It s too much traffic. It s not gonna happen. Really hard to pull off. If I want to make love to my wife at eight o clock at night, I ve got to start getting her mentally prepared from eight o clock in the morning. I swear to God. Isa, this happened recently. I woke up one morning. I was like, Today is the day. I don t know if it was a full moon. I was excited. First moment I saw her, 8:00 in the morning at breakfast, I just threw a random compliment. Just walking by, I go, Hey, babe. You re looking good today. She goes, Oh, my God. Thank you for noticing my highlights. As I walked away, I was like, The seed has been planted. It was like Mission: Impossible. Lunchtime: Poetry. I don t even know poetry. I m just walking by… Hey, babe… ‘To be or not to be.  That s all I got. Like, Oh, my God. Shakespeare. Thank you so much. Afternoon: Foot rub. She didn t want a foot rub. I gave her a foot rub. Started rubbing her feet. She had dead skin. No big deal. I turned it to my advantage. I go, Babe, your dead skin makes me feel alive! She goes, Eww, that s disgusting. I go, So is my love. Yeah, I became Antonio Banderas for two seconds. So is my love. I am Puss in Boots. I went, I ran, I got the kids tucked in, everything was done, they re ready to go. I come running back inside. I go, Babe, let s do this! She goes, I m not sure I m in the mood right now. My hair was like this. Now it s like that. I go, Babe, come on. The kids are asleep. I did the poetry, the foot rub. Let s do this. And then she goes, Um… okay. Which isn t the most flattering thing in the world. But for a guy, okay is a yes. Men, when it comes to sex, we have no ego at all. All she has to say is, Yeah, I got nothing better to do. A man would be like, She s got nothing better to do! I m getting laid! Guys, I thought okay meant that it was a done deal. Okay does not mean it s a done deal. It s not a done deal till it s a done deal, okay? I messed up. I got cocky. I thought okay meant we re done. I got cocky. I went to the bathroom to go pee just before we get started. Just a little tinkle before we get started. Just a little pee, a little tinkle before we get… And I farted. Just a little fart. Just the beginning. Pfft, pfft. Just the beginning. Pfft, pfft. Just pfft. Just pfft, pfft, pfft. Just pfft, pfft, pfft, pfft, pfft. Just a pfft, pfft, pfft, pfft. Just a pfft, pfft, pfft, pfft. Pfft, pfft, pfft, pfft. Somehow, all the way from the other room, she heard. She goes, Really? I go, What? She goes, I m not in the mood. I go, Come on! She goes, My hair was like this. Now it s like that. There s farts all over the place. Now I m trying to sell her on the fart. I go, That wasn t a fart. That was a celebratory… There was more to that… I was gonna go pfffffft. There was more. I was just testing to make sure the kids are asleep. Pffffft. Better that I fart in the bathroom than during sex. You don t want pffffft. That s not good. She goes, I m not in the mood. I go, Neither am I. We have a lot of Netflix. Hold my hand. Just scratch. That s a good scratch. Yeah. And that s based on a true story. I swear to God. Right now, Ed, I guarantee you, some of the Iranians: Oh, my God! He s doing fart jokes? He was supposed to do political material. Why is he doing fart jokes? Ed, guz means fart in Persian. If it makes the sound. If it s quiet, it s just choss. We re connoisseurs. We have two ways. So, give me guz. Say guz.  Guz. And then say choss. You re fluent. Isa, how do you say fart in Arabic? – Drat and fuss. – What is it? – Drat. – Drav?! Oh, you have two as well? Look at that. We have very similar languages. You got fuss ? So, my choss becomes your fuss. Choss. Fuss. This is like the conversion rate. – And guz becomes… – Drat.  Drat. It sounds like you re farting. Drat! Whoo! Drat. How do you say it in Assyrian? How do you say fart ? – Arteta. – What? – Arteta. – Arteta. Sounds like your fart is an artist of some sort. I give you arteta. Arteta. Do me a favor. Take out your phone. Somebody google fart in England. Yell it. Say what it says. Google. What does it say? Fart in England. Just google it on your phone. Go ahead. – We re gonna get kicked out. – I m telling you, don t worry about it. Google fart in England. Say it loud. What does it say? – Trump! – Trump!  Trump! Yeah! Yes! Yes! In England, they say trump for fart. They re very smart over there. Listen, we started with Trump jokes. We ended with fart jokes. We ve come full circle. That s the show. Thank you very much, Kennedy Center. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. ? Fight the power ? ? Fight the power ? ? Fight the power ? ? Fight the power ? ?We ve got to fight the powers That be ? ? Lai-lai-lai-lai-lai, lai-lai-lai ? Thank you, Kennedy Center. Thank you, Netflix. Thank you, D.C. I love you guys. ? Motherfuck him and John Wayne ? ? ‘Cause I m black and I m proud I m ready and hyped, plus I m amped ? ? Most of my heroes Don t appear on no stamps ? ? Sample a look back You look and find ? ? Nothin but rednecks for 400 years If you check ? ? Don t Worry, Be Happy Was a number-one jam ? ? Damn, if I say it You can slap me right here ? – ? Get it ? – ? Let s get this party started right ? ? Right on, what we got to say ? ? Power to the people, no delay ? ? To make everybody see ? ? In order to fight the powers That be ?

TODD BARRY@SPICY HONEY@2017@[fire crackling] [announcer] Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome to the stage Todd Barry. [applause and cheering] Thank you. Oh, my God. -[cheering continues] -[Todd] Ooh. [Todd] Oh yeah, that s how you do it. Oh, my God. Thank you. Aah! Nothing like that comedy special applause… that you only got when you do a comedy special… [laughter] and never ever, ever else. Kind of a typical Todd Barry front row– Actually, not… Some women. [laughter] A typical Todd Barry front row is guy by himself, empty chair… guy by himself, empty chair with a graphic novel on it… [laughter] guy by himself, Pop-Tart. [laughter] Guy brings a Pop-Tart from home. Puts it on the unsold seat… because his social skills are a bit questionable. One might call him a dweeb. [laughter] You guys are a good crowd. No one s texting. That s good. Sometimes I see someone texting in the crowd, I ll call them out, and they say, It s an emergency.  It s an emergency. One of those really urgent emergencies, where you don t have to leave a comedy show. [laughter] What kind of texting emergencies happen at a comedy show? Hey, Bob, your house is on fire.  I ll tell you what s on fire… [laughter] the comedy stylings of a young man named Todd Barry. [laughter] Seriously, someone s been killed.  No one is killing harder than Todd. [laughter] I don t want to read another word about my house… now that Todd Barry is in the house and is, in fact, tearing down the house. He s so amazing. It sucks that I m at this show, and you re at my burning house. [laughter] How does that even happen? It s weird. Anyway, call the fire department. I ve got to get back to the show. It s so amazing. I called a woman out for texting. She says, I m not texting, I m Googling you. [laughter] Googling me? What are you trying to find out, if maybe I m doing a show in town or something? Oh, wow, this guy does stand up comedy. That s a coincidence. [laughter] I wonder if he s funny. Ooh, there s a clip. [laughs] This guy… You re funny. I have to catch you live some time. I ll check your tour dates… Ooh, tonight… Oh that s really close by. Audiences can be rough, not just for comedians… My girlfriend s an actor. This is a true story. She s doing a play… Front row center at the play, in the middle of the play, a woman pulls out an iPad, starts using it. Middle of the play… Not an iPad Mini… That would have been fine. [laughter] I m talking about a full-size iPad. Third generation… You know, the heavy one. They sent an usher to talk to this woman… Before he got there, the woman did the right thing… She dimmed the iPad. [laughter] That s why she thought he was walking over. It s like, Oh yeah, I know, it s a little intense. Tell you what, I ll meet them halfway. There you go. I can still play my Solitaire… they can still do that thing they ve been rehearsing for a year and a half. [laughter] Maybe she got pressured into the iPad. Maybe she was at the Apple Store, talking to the salesman, like, I don t know. Do I need this? What can I do with it?  You can do a lot of stuff. - Like what? - You can surf the web, you can check your email… -Let s say, you re at a play… -[audience laughs] you don t want to watch it anymore… [laughter] What do you do in that situation, huh? Watch it anyway? My God, that s bananas. Whip this baby out, make your own fun. She was like, I can never do that with my laptop. That would be rude. [laughter] My girlfriend s cool. Falls asleep mid-conversation with me. She ll fall asleep for two seconds, then want to tell me about a crazy dream she had… [laughter] We ll be having a mundane conversation, - Hey, want to get Thai food later? - Yeah that sounds…  Oh, my God. -[laughter] -[Todd exhales] - What s wrong? - I had the craziest dream. - When? Last night? - No, just now. [laughter] - While you were blinking? - That wasn t blinking.  That was full on Stage Four REM sleep. [laughter] What happened in the dream?  I ll tell you what happened, you and I slowly crawled through all 50 states. [laughter] All 50 of them? Slowly? Wow. I think that was probably a quick crawl. She was like, Nope that was… Oh, my God, I just had another crazy dream. - What happened in this one? - You and I counted all the grapes. [laughter] - In our refrigerator? - No, all the grapes. [laughter] We counted all the world s grapes? My girlfriend got me to watch an entire season of Project Runway. [soft cheering] She goes, We re going to watch a whole season. I was like, Alright, I guess. Two episodes in, I m like, Seriously? A yellow belt and yellow shoes? [laughter] What are you thinking, Aaron? Do you want to win this? [laughter] You re a good crowd. I might do an extra 10 seconds for you guys. [laughter] I said that recently onstage, I might do an extra 10 seconds… A guy in the audience said what I thought was, Make it funny. [laughter] So, I started insulting the guy. He s like, Why are you doing that?  Because I said I d do an extra 10 seconds. -You said, ‘Make it funny.  -He goes, I said, ‘Make it 20.  [laughter] I had to apologize for the first time in my life… [laughter] on or off stage. [laughter] I did an interview recently for Canadian Public Radio. In the interview, I referred to myself as the hottest comic on the planet. [laughter] And I kind of laughed when I said it. The guy laughed… A few hours later, I went on the internet, a woman had posted that quote. Next to it, she wrote, This is why I avoid male comedians from the US and Canada. [laughter] Because you don t understand jokes? [laughter] Seems like a really solid reason… to avoid all comedians. Not sure why you re so specific. Because of this quote, I ll be avoiding comedians of one gender from only two countries in the entire world. And as I continue to hear more jokes and not get them… I will be adding more countries. [laughter] And ladies, watch yourselves. I am not the hottest comic on the planet. It s not going to happen. Not motivated enough. You got to be motivated to get really big. I m not motivated. I don t even like motivated people, they bum me out. [laughter] I heard a guy talking once, he s like, I like to make goals. I was like, Alright, calm down. [laughter] Let s make that your next goal. [laughter] To bring it on down. He s like, You know once I achieve a goal, I immediately make another goal. Oh, I like the sound of that. Sounds like the perfect way to never enjoy your life. It s just one goal after the other, no space between them. That way, I walk around disappointed 24/7… by choice. I make goals too. When I achieve a goal, I buy a two pound bag of Doritos. And I savor them as I think about my latest accomplishment. [vocalizing] Mm-mm-mm-mm-mmh. Sure did a good job loading up that dishwasher. [laughter] But, I can t rest on that. I ve got to make another goal. Paper towels running low. Two weeks from today… Just moved into a new apartment, hired a professional home organizer. She was tough. She wanted me to throw stuff out. I was like, Nice try. That s not organizing. [laughter] That is throwing stuff out. Huge difference between organizing and throwing stuff out. I would never pay someone $400 to help me throw stuff out. I know what a garbage can looks like. I will pay someone $400 to help me organize the stuff… I should probably throw out. I saw a home organizer on TV make this suggestion: she said, Take all the clothes in your closet, line them up in the same direction. When you take something out to use it, put it back in the opposite direction. And at the end of a year, only keep what s in the opposite direction. Anyone who can follow through on that system… [laughter] is already the world s most organized person. [laughter] There s now a guy who s knee-deep in hamster skeletons. [laughter] He s like, Allow me to show you what I did with my closets. [laughter] Some of my never been washed ever clothes are in one direction. Others are in the opposite direction. Those are the only items I m keeping. Everything else has got to go… really soon… in a year. There s a best-selling book about home organizing, I think it s called, The Life Changing Art of Tidying Up, something like that, written by a Japanese woman. Her main philosophy is to take everything you own, you look at it one by one and go, Does this bring me joy? And if the answer is no, you get rid of it. Based on that, I ll be burning my apartment to the ground… [laughter] with me in it. [laughter] Does this bring me joy? You can t ask that question when you re a hoarder. Does this bring me joy? It s a copy of AOL for Dummies. [laughter] Back on the shelf… [laughter] next to EarthLink for Dummies. Keeping them organized. Anyone have roommates? You have roommates, sir? Sir. This is gonna be a problem. It s a huge mistake I m making right now. You have roommates? [scattered laughter] Never mind. -[laughter] -[Todd giggles] [laughter continues] No time to figure out what s going on there. [laughter] I live alone, of course. Too old, too famous to have roommates. Not sure where the joke was there. [laughter] I never liked roommates. Even when I was younger I didn t like them. I know people who loved having roommates. They described these living situations that sounded horrible to me, but they d be smiling. Like, It s pretty great.There s six of us in a one bedroom apartment. Bands come through town on tour, so we invite them to stay with us. Eww. [laughter] Why are you doing that? Because they travel for work? Lots of people travel for work. How come you re not, Sometimes there s an insurance convention in town, so we invite a pack of Liberty Mutual agents to stay… I d never let a band stay with me, I don t care what band it was. If The Beatles were still around and wanted to come over to my place for 10 minutes, I wouldn t let them. I know what that would be like. Paul, what are you doing, man? Don t go through my shit. What, Ringo? No, you can t have my WiFi password. [laughter] Dip into your 4G, motherfucker. [laughter] You re in The Beatles. You guys are all over that 4G line. Huh? [laughter] Beatles, I don t know who they are, but 4G, ooh… Something current… we can sink our teeth into. I was walking around in New York City, I walked past one of our many vocal drug dealers. [laughter] He was doing the usual pitch. He s like, Weed, cocaine, weed, cocaine. I kept walking, he was like, Hey, don t be bashful, now. [laughter] Yeah, that s what you re picking up on. Shyness. It stops me from doing everything I really want to do. It stopped me from asking a girl to prom in high school, now, it s stopping me from buying cocaine from a guy leaning against a falafel truck. [laughter] I m bashful. You have heroine too? I m introverted. [laughter] Crystal meth? Hey, not for this timid fella. [laughter] I love the idea of a bashful guy buying drugs on the street… inching his way up to the drug dealer, [laughter] [high-pitched voice] Excuse me… [laughter] are you the… criminal who sells the drugs? I want to buy some drugs, but… I m embarrassed. I have a really ugly wallet. [laughter] I got it on Overstock.com. It s got little soccer balls on it. I don t even like soccer. It cost me $0.75. And I want drugs… [laughter] and I m bashful. You re loving that joke, huh, sir? This guy was like…Aah! A little fool… Aah! I m fucking with you, sir. [laughter] Dollar pizza places opening up everywhere. Oh, yeah. [hoots from audience] I feel guilty going to the dollar pizza place. Too cheap. If I m at the dollar pizza place and I see a guy ask for a napkin, I m like, Oh, no you don t. [laughter] Dick move. [laughter] Says pizza for a dollar, not pizza plus free napkin. This guy will be out of business in two minutes. Reach into your pocket, hand him another nickel. Stay away from that garlic powder… [laughter] or I ll kill you. [laughter] I had a fun experience at the dollar pizza place recently, I ordered my slice, the guy put it on the counter, I quickly handed him a dollar, but I dropped the dollar… right onto the slice. [laughter] So now I m looking down at a dollar slice… with one topping. [laughter] An actual dollar. It looked like the perfect cover for New York Magazine s Cheap Eats issue. [laughter] [scattered applause] It left me with a real dilemma, because I m a germaphobe. But I m more afraid of paying two dollars for a one dollar slice of pizza. [laughter] So, I did the classy thing. I stared the guy down… until he gave me a new slice. [laughter] Then I walked away, pretending I didn t know he would pass off the filthy slice to someone else. [laughter] ‘Cause that s what you ve got to do when your profit margin is .0001% Can t be like, We ll just throw this one out. No, someone s going to get it. And it ain t gonna be me. Unless the guy ahead of me also dropped a dollar on his slice. [laughter] In that highly unlikely scenario, the whole thing would blow up in my face. [laughter] What comes after the pizza jokes? I forgot. Oh yeah, I remember. [laughter] [woman cackles] Don t worry, That ll be cut out. [laughter] Everyone at home will be like, How did he know what to do after the pizza joke? [laughter] I feel like that would be a roadblock. Thinking about that pizza. It fucking seamlessly went right into the next… Oh my God. Wow! I am a germaphobe. People disgust me all the time. I was on a flight recently, this guy was trying to figure out how to get his bag in the overhead, but he had his phone in one hand. He was very confused. He was going, What do I do here? [laughter] A two-handed job. [laughter] But, I ve got the phone in one hand. [laughter] I know what I can do… Shoved it in his mouth. [laughter] Option one: Shove it in your mouth. [laughter] Maybe he was looking down the aisle, saw all those people waiting to board, and was like, I want this flight leaving on time and my pocket s all the way down there. [laughter] Look who we got right here, ready to work. [laughter] There s still a lot of room in there. I could have totally packed my hiking boots. I saw a bunch of boy scouts at the airport, like, a hundred boy scouts… You can go 30 years without seeing one boy scout. Then there s 100 of them at the airport. Wow, I thought y all were out of business. Where are you off to? Getting on a plane to go camping? That s weird. [laughter] I was a boy scout for three weeks, never made it to the booking a flight phase of that experience. [laughter] I really was a boy scout for three weeks, and they did uniform inspection. They re like, You re not wearing regulation socks. I said, I m sorry about that. Also, I quit. [laughter] That s all I need to know about this organization. A 50 year old dude just walked up to an 11 year old… and insulted his socks. It s creepy, I m out here, I m an artist. [laughter] You ll see, Scout Master. Forty years from now, I ll be doing a comedy special… I don t know what network. [laughter] Yes, I did sign the contract already. And still don t know the answer to that question. [laughter] No one s told me that. I know, it s kind of strange. [laughter] Took a vacation, went to Guatemala… Saw some stuff I ve never seen before, saw a volcano for the first time. That was beautiful. What else did I see? Oh, guys riding mopeds down rocky roads, steering with just one hand… because they re holding a baby with the other. [laughter] I saw that so many times, it stopped bothering me. [laughter] First time you see it, it s like, My God, look at that lunatic, he s holding a baby riding a moped. Second time, you re like, Oh, my God, what a crazy coincidence, for only the second time in my entire life… and just two seconds after the other time, [laughter] I m seeing a guy riding a moped holding a baby. Third time you see it, it s like, So many cute babies here in Guatemala. [laughter] And then, yes, you rent a moped. You know where you take it, the adoption agency. Adopt yourself a little cutie pie, go for a spin. [laughter] Oh, yeah. I get it now. Whoa! It s about living on the edge. It s about making a baby live on the edge… while I remain relatively safe. I love my little thrill-seeker. His twin brother s pretty cute also. I m holding two babies. [laughter] The whole time, I ve been holding two babies. The only people who knew that were the forensics experts in the crowd. They re like, I actually knew that by the curve of the arm. There s no way that would be one baby. I study this kind of shit. I know. But, I mean, most people don t know it. Good coffee in Guatemala. Mmm. I took a two and a half hour tour of a coffee farm when I was there. Oh my God, it s so complicated growing coffee. So much has to happen between planting it to when it s sitting next to someone while they re writing a terrible screenplay, [laughter] dreadful short story… or I m sitting there writing some amazing, flawless comedy. [laughter] I was in Portland, Oregon looking for a coffee shop. Went on Yelp. I found a review of a place, where they said, The baristas here are presumptuous. [laughter] I don t think that s what you meant to say. Presumptuous… May I get you something to drink?  Whoa! [laughter] Easy, Tiger. Damn, what did I do to deserve that, huh? You blindsided me. A guy walks into a coffee shop, gets in the coffee line… ‘May I get you something to drink? I was warned about you. [laughter] So presumptuous. And the little waxed mustache, a little pretentious. Yeah, that was the word he meant to use. I saw a guy walk into a coffee shop, holding a cup of coffee… from a different coffee shop. I could not imagine being that ballsy. [laughter] Just walking in there going, Yeah.  Well, well, well… What do we have here? It looks like someone else is in the coffee business too. Huh? [laughter] Just like these nice folks across the street. Tell you what, they probably have the best coffee, but good news, you have better tables and chairs. [laughter] So, I m going to sit down with their superior coffee and use your free WiFi for four hours. You want to serve me a drink? I d love a glass of water. Then, I m going to use your bathroom ten times. What s in it for you? The big payoff at the end, when I ask you to watch my stuff while I go across for a refill. Someone told me at good coffee shops they don t like you to add anything to the coffee, they find it insulting. I asked a barista about this. He s like, Yeah it d be like adding sugar to red wine.  Would it be like adding sugar to coffee? [laughter] Or do we have to use your ridiculous example? [laughter] It would be like playing racquetball with a ferret. [laughter] My, oh my, that s stupid. Fill it to the top. This guy really said this to me. It d be like adding sugar to red wine, except that no one s ever thought of doing that. What I asked you about, ten million people do every hour. Also, there s a bowl of sugar right here. Yes, my finger is in it. Look, I m swishing it around. I didn t come here with sugar, how did it get here? Oh, you put it out? Am I supposed to make banana bread or something? Oh, It s for the coffee. Ooh, I m confused. A guy approached me after a show once. He was like, Todd you re not going to want to hear this, but… there was someone in history who did put sugar in their red wine. I was like, Alright, who s that? He goes, Hitler.  Okay. I m going to keep doing the joke. [laughter] I m going to take my chances that you re one of very few people who would call me out and correct me… with that obscure trivia about Hitler. And I ve got to ask, how many biographies of Hitler did you read… before that was brought up? ‘Oh, there s this one other thing about Hitler… [laughter] You don t want to bring him to a wine bar.  [laughter] So few comedians can combine three hours of coffee jokes into a Hitler joke. [laughter] [exhales] [softly] That was good. [laughter] Did you have dinner tonight, sir? What did you have? -Buffalo wings -Buffalo wings. Oh, my God. Solid. [laughter] At a sports bar? At a sports bar. Holy shit. [laughter] I m acting like that was an amazing guess… when it s the only place that serves buffalo wings. Which sauce? -Just regular. -Regular. Oh my God. I didn t realize my fans were pussies. [laughter and applause] [man cackles] I don t think I ve ever used that word that way. [laughter] I almost didn t, but you were so fucking delighted by it. [laughter] I don t eat right. Some people eat worse than I do. I saw a guy eating lunch by himself. He had a burger, fries, milkshake and a beer. Burger and fries looked delicious. Milkshake and a beer was a little confusing… even if you don t care about your health. The guy s like, Yeah, burger, fries… Milkshake. Yeah, I ll have a beer also. [laughter] Yeah, both… No, no… [laughter] Trust me, I have a good feeling about this. [laughter] He s like, Alright, milkshake… Mmm. Strawberry, my favorite. Mmm. Suddenly the worst beer I ve ever had in my life. [laughter] At least I found the quick and easy way to take in 45000 calories. [laughter] I m a picky eater. Any picky eaters here tonight? [audience hoots] A woman raised her hand. You ve got to reward politeness. [laughter] You re picky? What won t you eat? Sesame seeds. Sesame seeds. That s your opening… [laughter] That s her opening. You know about sesame seeds? They re completely flavorless and innocuous… [laughter] Number one food pet peeve. [laughter] Sesame seeds… [laughter] I ve got to hear the next one. [laughter] -Curry. -Curry. [laughter] Okay. Alright, one more. [laughter] -Um… Peppercorns. -Peppercorns? [laughter] Why do you hate Asian people so much? [laughter] There s no room for that in my audience. [laughter] How cool would that be if I had her thrown out? [laughter] [mumbles] It s because of the sesame seeds. I m a picky eater. I have three categories of food: Foods I like… foods I don t like, but I understand why people like them, then there are foods that baffle me. Food I like, let s pick an easy one. Pizza. Yum, delicious. No need for further discussion. Second category, sushi. Don t like it. I totally get why people like it, though. What a beautiful, beautiful, awful-tasting food that is. [laughter] I remember the one time I tried it 17 years ago at the Cincinnati Airport. [laughter] I did not enjoy it. No second chances for sushi. [laughter] You blew it, sushi. I gave you every opportunity to be good with that quarter of a bite that I took and spit out immediately. Third category: foods that baffle me. Egg salad. If I m at a diner and I see someone order egg salad, all I can think is, So you read all 75 pages of that menu? [laughter] And that s the item that popped? [laughter] Oh, honey, look what I found. [laughter] A little diamond in the rough. [laughter] Top of page 59. Flip ahead. [laughter] Cold, smelly eggs. I m sorry, cold, smelly, disgusting eggs. [laughter] I got so excited, I read that wrong. [laughter] Smashed together with cold, awful mayonnaise, also made with cold, smelly eggs. Served on… Mm, mm, mm, mm, mmh… white bread. [laughter] Baby, this is why we go to restaurants. I told that joke once, and when I said the part about getting sushi at the Cincinnati Airport, two women up front started talking to each other. I was like, What s going on? She was like… Why would you get sushi at the Cincinnati Airport? Ooh, good eye. [laughter] I better rewrite that one. Huh? [laughter] Mmmm… I ll say Tokyo from now on. [laughter] You know, to make it a better joke. [laughter] She was dumb. [laughter] She was dumb. [laughter] Mm, mm, mm. Wow. Couples here? You guys a couple? Yeah? Ever get massages together? No? Why not? [woman] He s not big on massages. He s not big on massages? Okay. Well, definitely don t compromise and do some. [laughter] You think she wanted to eat fucking buffalo wings tonight? [laughter] [applause] [softly] Wow. [sighs] There s not a lot of feminists left in this world. [laughter] [softly] Just me. I had a girlfriend a while back. We got foot massages at a Chinese Foot Spa. I thought that would be romantic. We walked in there, tranquil music was playing, She sat in a chair, I sat in a chair next to her. A woman walked over, started gently massaging my girlfriend s feet. A guy walked over, started punching my feet… [laughter] really hard… for a while. Until, at some point, I had to go Hey, buddy… I might need you to stop. Not something I was anticipating saying when I thought about getting a foot massage. I m going to get a foot massage, better get a safe word ready. [laughter] So I thought the massage was over for me, but then the woman looks at the guy, looks back at me, and she s like… He and I can switch, if you like.  Oh, I do like. I like the way you work. You have a light touch, and you re a problem-solver. Get over here, feather fingers. Sir, beat the shit out of my girlfriend s feet. [laughter] You ve got to splurge in life. I bought a $14 bar of soap once. Saw this in the store, just stopped in my tracks. Heard a voice from above. [in a deep voice] Todd, it s time. [laughter] Time for what?  Time to go to the next level.  Next level in what?  In how much you spend on soap.  Oh, I didn t expect that to be the next level.  It is, Todd. What do you think successful people spend on soap? I ll tell you, $14 a bar. Buy it, Todd, it will get you singing in the shower. So I bought it. Totally got me singing in the shower. Got me singing things like, ? Ooh what was I thinking ? ? I should have bought Dove ? ? Let me rephrase that The CVS house brand of Dove ? ? It would be The identical soap experience ? ? I m having now ? ? The only big difference is I d have 23 more bars waiting for me ? [laughter] ? What a colossal waste of money ? I told that joke at a club once. When I said Dove soap, a table in the back cheered. [laughter] I was like, You don t work for Dove soap do you? She was like, Yes, we do. [laughter] Long story short, made them send me a case of soap. [laughter] And I m not lying, they sent me a big old box of soap. I would call it an uncomfortable amount of soap. [laughter] I like getting free stuff, but I d like to explore other soap options… [laughter] before my 700th birthday. [laughter] But you do get free shit when your a celebrity, and…. I ll ask for it, too. [laughter] If I meet someone, they tell me what business they re in, I want their product, I just go… Give it to me. [laughter] It works sometimes. I m going to hook myself up with some stuff right now. Sir, what do you do? Unemployed. All right. [laughter] Pretty good seat for an unemployed person. [laughter] I told them specifically, people with jobs only. [laughter] What kind of job do you want? I want to be a stand up– You want to be a stand up comedian? Oh my God. So, I m giving you a gift tonight. [laughter] Alright, well… Do you, do you do stand up now? [man] Yes, I go to open mics. You go to open mics. Alright, that s the way you do it. Alright… You re bumming out this whole crowd. [laughter] Just for the future, comedians don t sit up front. [laughter] [inaudible] Regular people… Comedians. I didn t hook myself up with anything. Sir, what about you? [man] I work for a record label. You work for a record label? Oh my God. [laughter] Get me a free Spotify account. [laughter] [mumbling] Aw…that wasn t… I think that s the most hurtful thing I ve ever said to anyone. [laughter] Why did you say Spotify? What label do you work for? Sacred Bones. Sacred Bones? Oh my God. Heavy Metal label? No. Folk? [laughter] There s some folk on the label? No there isn t. [man] Dark Folk. Dark Folk. Holy shit. [laughter] Super slick answer, man. Who s your biggest act? David Lynch. David Lynch? My favorite singer. [laughter] Actually, him and Martin Scorsese are my… two favorite recording artists. This guy doesn t know what a record label is. He works for a film distribution company, and he s like… Is this a record label?  Have we ever talked about records here? [laughter] I forgot why I started. Anyway, free records, thank you. [laughter] Let s do another CVS joke. Oh, shit, Todd. - Seriously? -Yeah. I live near a big CVS. Walked in their recently. Perfectly timed. Just as a guy was asking if they sold sausages. [laughter] -I was two feet into the store here. -Do you sell sausages? I was like, Ooh… This might be an unexpectedly delightful trip… to CVS. Let s see how this plays out. - No sir, we don t sell sausages. - You don t? Ooh, he s surprised… [laughter] that CVS does not sell sausages. I guess when he walked in and saw ten types of bed pans for sale… it s like, This is the place to get kielbasa. [laughter] When he s there refilling his son s lice-killing shampoo prescription… it s like, It d be crazy to leave here without some chorizo. [laughter] I memorized two sausages for that joke. [laughter] Shoes are untied. Fuck, what do you do? Are you gonna–? Yeah, I actually do. [applause] Double knot? No, that s good, man. [laughter] You redeemed yourself. [laughter] The last person I would have thought would have done it. [laughter] I asked you a simple question about an hour ago. [laughter] An hour later, you re tying my shoes for me. [laughter] Oh, my God. That s better than a free David Lynch album. [laughter] I saw a doctor on TV talking about how to work exercise into your daily life without going to the gym. He had an interesting suggestion. He s like, We all make three phone calls a day, right? They last 10 minutes each. Just walk around while you re making these phone calls. That s 30 minutes exercise every day. I said, I haven t made three phone calls in the past year and a half. [laughter] They don t last ten minutes each. But I don t want to go to the gym, so I will give this a whirl. Start calling people up. Taking a little walk. Hello, Hunan Palace? [laughter] I was wondering what kind of food you specialize in. Oh, it is Chinese food? Okay. No need to yell. What time are you open until? Is it fun being open until 10 o clock? If you couldn t be open until 10, when you be open until? No, this is not a prank call. I m working out. And I ve got to say, not really feeling a burn yet. I need you to hang tight for another eight and a half minutes. I have more questions. So, you re stranded on a desert island… You can only bring one Sheryl Crow album. [laughter] You re damn right, Greatest Hits. [laughter] I never dropped my phone in the toilet. That s a good thing. If someone tells me they dropped their phone in the toilet, their next sentence has to be, So, of course I left it in the toilet… [laughter] because it wouldn t even occur to me to reach into a toilet… to avoid buying a new phone. Some people say, But I put it in a bowl of dry rice after. Oh, the way a surgeon preps his scalpels. [laughter] I think I saw a show about that on the Discovery Channel. It s called Uncooked Rice: Nature s Disinfectant. I asked this woman if she ever dropped her phone in a toilet. She goes, I did, but there was no pee in there. Really? Never? [laughter] That is the luckiest series of events ever. They re installing a new toilet… you re first in line. Mayor cuts the ribbon… The glare from the scissors blinds you. You slip, you fall, you drop that phone. Where does it end up? Aah, the crystal clear waters… [laughter] of an innocent virgin toilet. This friend of mine still uses a BlackBerry. I said, Have you thought of getting an iPhone? He goes, I want to get one, but I m afraid of getting robbed. I don t want to get robbed. Like he s going to buy one, and then that day, an emergency meeting of iPhone thieves will be called. Leader s up there, All right fellas, I got some great news for you… I know we ve stolen lots of iPhones in the past few years, but never have I been able to say… tonight we are stealing Reggie Baumstein s iPhone. [laughter] Come on Boss, don t tease us. Reggie Baumstein uses a BlackBerry. [laughter] We ve been on that guy s trail for years.  I know we have, fellas, but I got the fax this morning. Reggie made the switch. Like downloading apps. That s fun. Right? Hell, yeah. Sometimes I try to think up apps, to see if they even exist. Like, I wanted a big clock app for my phone, so I could put it on the stool sometimes, and look at it to make sure I didn t do one second more than I was supposed to. So, I put in the search bar, I put in Big Clock . What came up? An app called Huge Clock . [laughter] [applause] Even people who have seen Big Ben are like, Oh my God.  It pales in comparison. It s a good gig for me. I m making a ton of money. [laughter] All the bar money, too. It all goes to me. The whole thing. If you had drinks tonight, I get all that money. No, I m not Jimmy Buffett. Someone told me Jimmy Buffett is so powerful in the music industry, he actually gets part of the bar money when he plays an arena. I guess you can do that when you re Jimmy Buffett, though. You know? Just go into the promoters office before the tour, and like, You know, there s a song I ve been doing for 45 years… it s called Margaritaville. Really gets people drinking. I don t think I m doing it this tour.  Well, I wish you would.  Alright. Half the bar money. [laughter] People do ask me how much money I make, though. Happens all the time. I get it. It s a weird job. They re curious. But I can always tell when they re going to ask. They ll be like, Todd, what do you do for a living?  I m a comedian.  Oh! [laughter] Good money in that? Probably shouldn t ask, but do you make an okay living doing that?  It s totally wrong for me to ask, but I won t stop myself.  What kind of money do you make doing that? So, I have to think of a lie, and it can t be in either extreme. I can t say I make 10 dollars a year, they won t believe me. I can t say I make 100 million a year, they won t believe me. I have to figure out what their estimate is, then add just enough… to drive them crazy. [laughter] I thought of the perfect amount. I say I make about $940,000 a year. [laughter] No. Seriously? [laughter] There is no way… Are you fucking with me? [laughter] Honey, you think this guy makes $940,000 a year? I mean… if he was lying, he would have said a million, right? [laughter] This guy makes 940 K. Good on him. Here s the twist in that joke, that is what I make. [laughter] Joke had a twist in it, people. It s like, The Crying Game of jokes. [laughter] That s my only point of reference for a twist. A movie that 11 people saw 28 years ago. [laughter] Got a great voice. Huh? I m talking about myself. A woman told me once that my voice is like butter. She goes, Your voice is like butter. I played it cool, I didn t say anything stupid to her. I didn t say, Well, your voice is like grilled corn on the cob. [laughter] Some people like it with butter. I didn t say, Your voice is like a stack of pancakes hot off the griddle. You know, before anyone s put any butter on them. I didn t say, Your voice is like dry toast. Ooh, why is it dry? I think you know the answer. No butter. What I did say was, Ooh, butter s not really the best thing for you. I didn t even say that. I said, Really? You like my voice? [squeaky voice] Oh, my God, you want to hang out? What are you doing? Where are you going? I don t understand. Why are you walking away? Don t you want to hear more of this butter? Don t worry about that one. [laughter] Easy cut. [laughter] That was a little treat for you guys. Seriously, Todd? As a treat you gave us a not-that-great joke? It s a hit or miss joke, it s not a bad one. This guy s like, Man, I wish I could take notes. [laughter] A little jet lag, caught one of those noon red eye flights. [laughter] I call all flights the red eye , makes me feel like a real businessman. People love telling you they took the red-eye. The Red eye s great. Get on the plane at 1:00 AM. Sit upright for six hours. [laughter] Land in New York at that sweet, sweet time, 4:55 in the morning. [laughter] At work by 8:00, passed out in a conference room by 8:15. [laughter] Looking for new job at 8:30. [laughter] Simply impossible without the red eye. [laughter] I stay in a lot of hotels. Things go wrong in hotels. When things go wrong in hotels and you complain… their favorite way to fix things is to offer you a free breakfast… no matter what the complaint was. So, Mr. Barry, you opened the door to your room you found a family of eight already in there?  Yes, that s true.  I ve got some good news for you. Sure, there s nine of you, but only one of you is getting a free breakfast. [laughter] You re going to love looking at those eight sets of jealous eyes… as you re sitting on the bathroom floor in your room eating microwaved eggs. So, Mr. Barry, you found six dead dogs in your bed?  Yes, that s true.  Well that must have made you hungry. [laughter] Why don t come on down to the front desk, my friend… I ll give you a coupon good for a free breakfast… conveniently served between four and six a.m. [laughter] You re a trucker. Right? I am hauling a big load of amazing jokes from town to town. [laughter] Went to Chicago. They have a really nice Walgreens in Chicago. They do. They converted an old bank into a Walgreens. It s beautiful. The vault is the Vitamin section. I walked in there, I was so impressed I went on Twitter and wrote, I have to give out my first annual Best Walgreens Award. the winner is Chicago, Milwaukee Avenue location. Some guy writes back immediately. The cops killed a guy there a year ago. [laughter] Okay. What do you want me to do now? [laughter] Take the award back? [laughter] A little late for that, my friends. First annual Todd Barry Best Walgreens award. I m not going to take it back cause a guy was shot there a year ago. Didn t happen while I was in the store. It s not like I was walking around the candy aisle, and a guy gets gunned down next to me, I m like… This is a nice Walgreens. [laughter] I wonder if that s the original tile. Stayed at a hotel in Chicago. A few weeks after I stayed there, I got my credit card bill. There was a charge from the hotel that I didn t recognize… for 100 dollars even. So, I called up the hotel. I go, What s going on with this charge? She s like, It looks like something was missing from the room.  Okay, what s that? She goes, Let me look it up.  Oh, the bedspread. [laughter] The bedspread s missing. So, you think I stole a hotel bedspread. [laughter] I don t steal things from hotels, but if I ever start… I assure you… it will never be the bedspread. I would rip out the carpeting, [laughter] throw it in a backpack, then run through the hallways grabbing stacks of unwashed room service trays… before I stole the most disgusting thing… [laughter] in the entire building. There is no one stealing… a hotel bedspread. Even an actual thief, who needs a bedspread… but can only afford the hotel room, is not standing there going, Sweetie, we need a bedspread, right? Can we afford one? I think they cost $100 even. [laughter] I got an idea. Open up the suitcase, baby. Is there room for a king size bedspread in there? [laughter] There is? That s weird. [laughter] Grab this thing… take it home get it sanitized for 200 bucks. [laughter] And the fact that it s horribly ugly is just a bonus. [laughter] I m going to do one more thing. Alright? Here we go. I found this article in Esquire magazine. It s a men s magazine with articles like how to get a good gin and tonic at the Houston Airport. [laughter] Anyway… it s an article written by woman called How to feel good to a woman. It s advice for men on how to make women feel good. I m now going to read this article. [laughter] And I m going to insert comments. Wait Todd, you re not just going to read? I think that is very artistic. No, I m taking it to the next level. This is a real article… called How to feel good to a woman. Here we go. If I m taking a shower at your place, stack fresh towels, thick and white and fluffy, more than I ll need. [laughter] She needs more towels than she needs. [laughter] I stayed over at Bob s place yesterday. It was terrible. - What happened? – I took a shower.  Oh my God, he didn t have any towels?  No, he only had one towel for the one shower I took. [laughter] Wait, he only had the perfect amount of towels? Yes, he had towels in direct proportion to how many towels I needed. [laughter] Sounds like an asshole. [laughter] I ll need a toothbrush, conditioner… No toothpaste. [laughter] I ve used conditioner for many different things, but… never as toothpaste. You know that awesome serendipity when you descend into a friend s basement to watch the game and he s got the scene set: hot wings, cold beer within arm s reach, a video console setup for halftime…? I don t know what any of that means. First of all, I don t know anyone who has a basement. That s weird. A basement. Who the fuck has a basement? And if I did, and I went to their house for the game, I wouldn t be like Hey those wings you paid for… they re not within arm s reach. [laughter] Not very serendipitous of you. [laughter] Anyway, she says that, because that s how I want to feel in your bathroom. [laughter] Body scrub, new razor. Holy shit, a loofah. That d be more like, Body scrub, new razor. Loofah. Holy shit, he s gay. [laughter] Kiss me for longer than you can handle… [laughter] Fair enough on that one, I guess. even when you know that more is on the way. Hey. [laughter] I never assume more is on the way. [laughter] Open mouth and bench the tongue. Yes, she s suggesting open-mouth tongueless kisses. [laughter] Sounds fun, right? [vocalizing] [vocalizing continues] [intoning] Why are we kissing like this?  I read it in a magazine.  I got a tongue. It s on the bench. It s benched. [muffled] I bench my tongue. This is a good way to kiss. All those years I haven t been kissing like this.  Urgent but not desperate. Anyone who is urgent and not desperate, not reading this. [laughter] Your arms are tight around my back and my waist, and they stay there… [laughter] forever. Long after we ve broken up. [laughter] Glad your husband is being so cool about this. [laughter] Don t shave for three days, and then kiss my neck. [laughter] Actually, can you shave next time? You scratched me. [laughter] Smell like something all the time. [laughter] Choose a small world and invoke it. Maine… the state, a forest… the wet end of August. [laughter] I d try to smell like the wet end of August, if I knew what that meant. [laughter] It s warm and damp, and you re felling trees in a flannel shirt. Moss and sweat and hard won timber. Try Kiehl s Original Musk Blend Number One, so I can wear it when you re not around. Why don t I get your own bottle, and you never be around. [laughter] Now kiss my neck again. So we went all of August without a neck kiss? [laughter] Hold me like nothing can slither between us… Hey… It was your idea to fuck at the reptile house. [laughter] …but so I can detach if I want to. I always give women the option to detach if they want to, since the other option is against the law. [laughter] There is no, like, No, you can t detach, even though you told me you wanted to.  The key is in the grip, encompassing but not fierce, one arm around my waist and the other across my shoulders. -That s called a hug. Thank you for that. -[laughter] Everyone s done that. Hands are a Goldilocks dilemma. [laughter] How else would you describe hands? If I had a little nephew, and he was like, Uncle Todd, what are what are hands? [laughter] You remember that dilemma in Goldilocks? [laughter] Dilemma, Uncle Todd? I don t know what hands are.  They shouldn t be as soft as mine, but they shouldn t catch skin either. If they re oyster-shucking rough, use a drugstore lotion. If they re too soft, build me a desk from raw wood. [laughter] Well Lisa, we ve been on a couple of nice dates, but… [laughter] not sure we re to the point where I m building furniture for you. But I appreciate the wood preference. It s been noted.  Don t pull my hair. Push it. [laughter] I m going to pull it. [laughter] I m going to overrule you on this one. I m not going to push your hair. While doing open mouth, tongueless kisses… [vocalizing] Aw, yeah. Ooh, an iguana. [laughter] Goodnight. Thank you. [cheering and applause]

CRAIG FERGUSON@TICKLE FIGHT@2017@Comedian and Emmy-winning television host Craig Ferguson brings his quick wit and offbeat humor to the stage as he returns with his second Netflix original one-hour stand-up special. Performing before a packed-house at Montreal s Ludger-Duvernay Theatre at the 2017 Just For Laughs Festival, Ferguson tackles topics including the challenges of growing a beard, his love of hating magicians, coming of age in the 70 s, social media angst, and sharing what he believes to be the oldest joke in the world. [ Can your Pussy Do the Dog by the Cramps playing] ? Here kitty, kitty ? ? You better move along… ? ? At the break of dawn ? ?Now doggone it, baby… ? ? Can your pussy do the dog? ? ? Can your pussy do the dog? ? ? Can your pussy do the hound dog, baby? ? ? Can your pussy do the dog… ? [audience cheering] ? Well this whole mess useless now as a whistle on a plow ? ? If your pussy can t do the dog… ? [applause] [audience cheering] [chuckles] Hey, you. Hi, everybody! Hi! Look at me going backwards and forwards to annoy the cameramen. [audience laughs] I m very happy to be here with you tonight. I– Do you know why I m doing this? I ll tell you why I m doing this. It s absolutely true. I used to start every show with It s a great day for America. When I was touring around America, I d say, It s a great day for America, and that s what I d say. And then… right about November… [audience laughing] [applause] Yeah. Right? All right, all right. Right about November of last year, I d say It s a great day for America, and people would go fucking crazy! At each other! So I started doing this… in case anyone has a scope. [audience laughs] It s a very difficult time, of course, for talking about– What I do for a living– You talk, people get very angry. People are very– The world is divided right now. Divided. You know, 70 percent of people are like, Boo! And 30 percent of people are like, Bah! They were like that before. But the world is divided over his opinion right now, and it s very difficult to make everybody happy. You know what I m talking about, right? We know who I m talking about here. That s right. My beard. [audience laughs] But it s not a beard, everybody. It is not a beard. It is a mustache with an [French accent] accoutrement. [audience laughs] ‘Cause, you know, this what happened. I grew a mustache, and then I was like, Oh, that is too fucking creepy. So… so I had to go an extra bit to kind of bring it down a little bit, but I can t really grow a beard. See? Look. Come on. Oh, my God. Look at your beard, you handsome fuck. No, you. It s not TV. I can fucking see you. That is a great– See, I wish I could grow a beard like– Look at it! Jeez! You grow a beard like taking a shit, right? Like, Foom! Pfft! Beard. This is two years. Like, the mustache comes pretty fast. I m like, Look at my mustache. I look dashing but weird and creepy like The Child Catcher in Chitty Chitty Bang Bang, but… I heard this takes a long time, but I ve got– This is a mustache with an accoutrement. I ve got other mustaches all over my body. I do! I have a handle bar mustache under each nipple. I have a whiz bang on my ass. That s a whiz bang mustache. You know what I m talking about, right? Whiz bang mustache; a curly mustache with a curly bang– a whiz bang. Not the wiz bang sex thing. Which I think is a thing. Yeah, wiz bang s gotta be a sex thing. Like, a wiz bang. I think a wiz bang is when you have sex with someone from a Harry Potter film, and… and then you shout, Wiz bang! at the end. Wiz bang! Ten points to Gryffindor. [audience laughing] No, thank you, Hagrid. [audience member hoots] I m covered in mustaches all over my body. People are outraged, but I don t care. Got a little Hitler mustache above my junk. I do! Yeah, I do! Why not? I got Hitler mustache above my junk, which is great, because when I get excited, it looks like I m giving a Nazi salute in my pants. [chuckling] [German accent] Hi, baby. I ll have sex with you now.  Oh come on, Craig. You can t make fun of the Germans. Yes, I can. It is the only group of people left on Earth you can make fun of. It is! You can t make fun of fat people, or thin people or mi– Short people. You can t say short.  No, don t say it.  I m not going to! You can t make fun of anyone! Actually, not even Germans. They have to be Germans from the 1940s. [audience laughs] No, you can make fun of Germans. They don t care. Like, [German accent] Oh, it s okay. Make fun of us. It s all right. Pull our hair. Tweak our whiz bangs. Germans don t give a flat fuck what I think. That s my new thing I say to appeal to kids. Flat fuck. Hashtag: F-F. Flat fuck is probably a sex thing, too. Yeah. [chuckles] A flat fuck… is sex in a British apartment. [audience laughing] [British accent] I say, would you like to have a flat fuck? And by ‘flat, I mean ‘apartment, and by ‘fuck, I mean ‘tea.  So… [chuckles] [Southern accent] So, you d like me to have tea with ya in your apartment, and not sex in any way. [British accent] Absolutely.  Whiz bang this way. Walk this way. No, I am covered in hair. It s all right. Don t worry about it. It s fine. Everything s going to be all right. I have facial hair, which is– Really, it s interesting. When I was doing the late night show, people would get so angry when I was– I could talk about anything else. I could talk about religion, or politics, or anything. They re like, It s all right. He s just a douchebag from a different country. But… when I grew facial hair, people would go crazy. Cat ladies were like, Ah! They were like that anyway, but still! Even today. You know, on the on the internet, on Twitter, which is usually such a supportive forum of… [audience laughing] Somebody on Twitter said– I m going to go on with the show in a minute. I will. Somebody on Twitter said, Craig, that facial hair makes your mouth look like a horizontal threadbare vagina. [sparse laughter] [laughter increases] [applause] [chuckling] I realize half of the guys in this room are like, What the fuck is he doing? Why s he touching the side of his mouth like that? That s weird. Is that a European thing?  Yeah! [chuckles] People get very– Cat ladies would get so mad. [stammers] Craig, you can t have a mustache, they used to tweet. You can t have a mustache. Tom Selleck has the mustache. That was a real one. Tom Selleck has the mustache. I m like, It s not their mustache. It s not like The Highlander: [Scottish accent] There can be only one. Anybody can have a mustache. Come on. I don t know why cat ladies get so annoyed at me having a mustache. Anyway, what the fuck is a cat? A cat s, like, 80 percent mustache. That s what a cat is. A mustache, asshole, and claws. That s what a cat is. It s also the name of my lawyers. So no illegal videotaping, or you ll be getting– I don t know. There s kind of a rumor amongst the cat ladies that I don t like cat ladies, which is not true. It s not true at all. I was raised by a cat lady. Well, you know, not really. My grandmother was a cat lady. She didn t have a cat, but she was an angry, unpleasant bitter woman, and I think that kind of counts. I had my first sexual experience at my grandmother s house. Oh, not like that! Don t be so sick! A little bit like that. No, not like that! No, I was at my grandmother s house. I used to stay there after school, because my mom had a job. So my grandmother used to look after me, but she didn t have time to really look after a little kid that was a fat little annoying boy. She had angry letters to write and stuff, so… This is before Twitter. It was a tough time for cat ladies. So she used to leave me alone and what I would always do is I found the Sears catalog, the Scottish Sears catalog, and I used to go to the ladies underwear section of the Scottish Sears catalog. It was very erotic. Big giant robust women, in whalebone corsets… standing around in fields pretending to eat apples. [audience laughing] I ve got a bit of a stiffy just talking about it right now. [chuckling] There s kind of a rumor with the cat ladies. What I m saying is the cat– By the way, the cat ladies think that I don t like cats, which is not true. I love cats. I ve got a cat. I m not one of these guys that, like– Guys say this. They re like, [deep voice] I don t like cats. I don t trust them. Trust is a human concept. I have three dogs. I wouldn t lend them money. [audience laughs] [as a dog] It was just til the end of the week. No! You can t trust animals like that. They think differently. You can t trust of hamster with your weed. [audience laughing] I learned that the hard way. I will say this: I love all God s creatures, or all the universe s creatures, whatever your belief system is, but I… I don t care for hamsters. That s the only one. I don t like them. They re bastards. I don t like hamsters. I was raised– I wasn t raised by hamsters. [laughs] That would be great, though, if I was. Like, Why does he do that all the time? [chuckles] No, I hated hamsters when I was growing up, because they break your heart, hamsters. They re little bastards. ‘Cause they all– they keep– They re suicidal. All hamsters want to do is die. We went through one a month. Every time you got hamster, all it wants to do is get behind the refrigerator and die! We moved house when I was about 16. We moved the refrigerator, there was a pile of hamster bones behind it. And they had formed into a church. [audience groans] You re right. That got a little too dark. But you know, it s worth trying. Anyway, let s go on with the show. Right? We ll go on. Here s the thing. No, here s the thing. If you ve ever seen me before, you ll know that you re in for an evening of crushing disappointment. [audience laughs] Maybe that s if you had sex with me before. I m joking, of course. If you ve ever see me before, you ll know what I like to do with the evening is tell a joke. Just one. That s all I usually have time for, because I get easily sidetracked. But I do have a joke for you this evening, and I m very excited about it, because it is, in fact, the oldest joke in the world. [audience] Woooo! Wait, don t do ghost noises. I don t want to get scared! But It is the oldest joke in the world. I don t know if it s the old– Here s the thing. My friend Cara is an Egyptologist, right? And she s in Egypt, because… why not? Very little point in going to Winnipeg if you re an Egyptologist. Find any pyramids and shit?  Not a thing. So, she s in– she s in Egypt, she called me up and said, We are on an archaeological dig right now, and we believe we have found the remains of a public bathroom. I was like, Oh, weird. She went, Yeah, but even weirder, on the wall written in Hieroglyphics, is a joke. I was like, Wow. I don t know if it s the oldest joke, but it s the first written joke in the world. Before this joke, jokes were told in the oral tradition, which would never work today, but they are– [audience laughs] But it s the first written joke. And of course, it was a huge change in human society when jokes arrived, and they started writing them down. Writing changed everything. You know, and it was a huge leap forward. You know, and it split down the middle. Some people really were for writing. Like, Writing is going to be great! Writing is going to change everything. Sooner or later we ll get to the enlightenment through writing. And then there were people who didn t like writing. They were like, No, we don t like it. At least, we think they thought that. They left no record of how they actually felt. But you know there were people against even writing. There would be people like, Oh, I don t know if it s a good idea. All this writing s gonna lead to fornicating. [audience laughs] They always do. You know, it s always whenever something arrives, anything at all, whenever there s any change, humans are against it. It s the only thing that unites all humans, is their hatred of change. Which I think is really weird, because it is the only thing you can absolutely guarantee: That there s going to be change. There s always going to be change. For example, in America, in November of last year… [audience laughs] [chuckles] …there was a bit of a change. Don t worry, I m not getting into the politics of it. I m not that guy. I m not going to think it, but I have to say this. When I saw that, I was like, Hmm. Shit. I have only ever regretted leaving late night once. [audience cheering] When I heard… [applause] When I heard… When I heard Donald Trump was running for president, I was like, Are you fucking kidding me? [audience laughs] That s like when Dick Cheney shot his lawyer in the face. It s just beautiful. I mean, come on! That s a gift. I used to have to work at monologues. Now this fucker runs for president? [audience laughs] And I knew right away. I knew right away he was gonna win. Right away I knew. Other people were like, No, he s not gonna win. I knew he was gonna win right from the very first debate. The very first one. The first Republican debate, when it was Jeb Bush, said to Donald Trump– Remember Jeb Bush? Wasn t he adorable and non-threatening? Jeb Bush said to Donald Trump, he said, Uh… Donald, you said something bad about Mexico, and my wife is Mexican, I would like you to apologize to her. And Trump said, No. [audience laughs] I was like, that s it. He s gonna fucking win. And I– You know, it always happens. I m thinking, Jeb, you fucking idiot. You idiot. You have painted yourself into a corner. You said to a man, ‘Apologize to my wife. That man said, ‘No. Now you have to fucking hit him. It s in the Constitution of the United States! [applause] I knew he was going to win. I knew– I knew he was going to win. I was like, Oh, fuck. Just that amount of self-confidence. I know America. I m American. I ve studied Americans. They like someone who s confident. It doesn t matter if they re right. Just confident. It s that level of self-confidence is unbelievable to me. I was watching him, I m like, How often does somebody like that turn up? [audience laughs] I mean, it s that level of confidence. Look, you can like him or hate him, or you can agree with him or not agree with him, but… that s inspirational. Do you think he ever wakes up like a normal human being at four o clock in the morning, and thinks, Maybe I m a dick. I don t think so. I think he wakes up and goes, I m not a dick. Everybody thinks that, but I don t think he does. I think he s totally confident. Like, Oh I m not a dick. And even like half of his own party are calling him a dick, and everybody from half of the world is calling you a dick. Maybe more. You know, it was so difficult for me as well. I felt personally that I d been shortchanged, because where I come from, in Glasgow in Scotland, the word trump means shit. [audience laughing] You d say, I had Indian food last night. I ve been trumpin my brains out all day. Or, Ah, shit! That seagull just trumped in my hair. No, that s not true. But if somebody tweets it… [applause] That s right. That s how stuff becomes true now, everybody. Tweet it, retweet it, retweet it, fucking true. [audience laughs] See, it used to be… in the old days of journalism– you young kids won t remember this, but in the old days of journalism, they used to do something called fact checking. And fact checking, what they would do is they find out if something was true first before they reported it. Isn t that adorable? [audience laughs] Now it s like, Got to be first! Like, Is it true?  Who fucking cares? Get it up there! Quickly! First! Tweet, retweet, tweet! It s on the website. Boom, boom! Right? It s on Buzzfeed, right next to Six Celebrities who are taller than you d think. [audience laughing] Wow, Reese Witherspoon is six-foot-one? I can t believe it. Oh, she is. She is. We can make that happen. Like, if we start tweeting tonight, Reese Witherspoon is six-foot-one, in about a month, she ll be six-foot-fucking-one. She ll be going for jobs as, like, this sassy blonde, and they ll be like, No, she s too tall.  What height is she?  Six-foot-one.  Are you sure? Reese Witherspoon will google herself, and go, What the fuck is going on? I ve never met her, but I m sure that s how she talks. What the fuck is going on? and then she ll, like a little hamster, then she ll go behind the refrigerator. All right, all right. You re right. That was too dark. Anyway, look, the point is, I think I m gonna shave my beard off. -[audiene oohs] -Oh! Excuse me? Did I say, Let s have an audience poll ? [audience laughs] No. I think I m gonna have to shave it off. I ll tell you why. Because I have a 16 year old son– I have two sons, but one of them 16, and he said something to me about my beard, and I m like, You… [audience laughs] He said– he said, Dad, I like your beard. I was like, Mm-hmm. He was like, Yeah. Makes you look like a magician. [audience laughing] Fuck you. That s how you deal with teenagers, parents. You know, good parenting: Fuck you. [chuckles] ‘Cause he knows– cause he knows I hate magic and I hate magicians. Oh, yeah. Ta-da.  Fuck off. I don t like it. Oh, what d you call–  Put them away!  Look what s in my hat. I don t care what s in your fucking hat. See, now I tell people that I don t like magic and magicians, and they re like, Craig, what are you talking about? You love magic. You love magicians. You re the only late night host in the history of late night television that had Magic Week twice a year for ten years. You are the magician s friend. Au contraire, motherfuckers. [audience laughs] No, I don t like magic and magicians. I didn t have Magic Week on the late night show because I like magic and magicians. I had Magic Week, cause my friend Chris likes tequila. Let me explain. I couldn t tell this story before, because it s technically illegal. It s illegal. What s CBS going to do? Fire me? It s too late. So, here s the thing. -[audience cheers] -Thank you, everybody. [applause] [chuckling] So here s the story. Here s what happened. This is true. This is why it happened. Just when I started doing the late night show, my friend Chris went to Las Vegas for the first time. Uh, he s a nice kid from Wisconsin. Crazy, lovely guy, and he never been to Las Vegas before. So he went, and he was there for the first time, and he loved it. It was fantastic. He was staying at the MGM Grand, the one with the big lions and stuff. And his first morning there, he goes down to the all-you-can-eat breakfast buffet. I don t have you been to Vegas, but it s very classy, and you can eat anything you want. And he d never been, and he was like, So I can have anything? Anything at all for breakfast? Anything? And they re like, Yeah.  Okay, I ll have tequila. Ha-ha-ha. And they thought he was cute, so they gave him tequila. Which is not a good idea. You should never– Kids, never have tequila for breakfast. Tequila for breakfast can lead to tequila for mid morning snack, and… What happened is that Chris started drinking tequila at 9:00 a.m., which is very bad idea. And right at about two o clock in the afternoon, he did something which you should never do on tequila. He had an idea. [audience laughing] Here s what happened. He was like… [mutters] And he goes outside, cause he thought, I have to see a bit of outside. He goes outside, and the complimentary limousine for the MGM is outside. And the driver isn t in it, but he left the engine running, because of the air conditioning. So the engine s running, and it s got complimentary limousine written on it, and he thinks… Well, if it s complementary… That s French for ‘free, isn t it? [French accent] Complementary. I ll take it! So he got in the limousine, and he drove it away. [audience laughs] That s not allowed. He drove this complimentary limousine away, and he was driving down The Last Vegas Strip, and he s like, he starts– He s not a bad guy. Chris is a good guy. He starts to go, Wait a minute. What have I done? He s got Bad Chris on one shoulder, and Good Chris on another shoulder. Bad Chris is like, Yeah, let s make for the border! Ha-ha! Fuck everybody! And Good Chris is going, Chris, what are you doing? ‘Cause Good Chris is gay. [audience laughing] That doesn t make any sense. I m sorry. [chuckling] What are you doing, Chris? Eventually, Good Chris won the day. And Chris is like, Oh, my God. I can t do this, so he stops the car. This is true. He stopped the car in the middle of the Las Vegas Strip, and he got out and there s fucking helicopters and cops chasing him, He was like, It s fucking going off! and he put his hands up, and he did what many– certainly I might do in that situation, he put his hands up and he started to cry. Big salty wet tears falling down. But unfortunately, the Last Vegas Police Department have seen a grown man cry before. [audience laughing] And their hearts did not grow three sizes that day. And they took my friend Chris, and they put him in jail. In jail. Chris can t go to jail. He s a beautiful, smooth kid. He s gorgeous. I mean, he s really a handsome guy. I m not gay, but I d start a tickle fight with him, see where it went. Oh, we re tickling. Ha-ha, buddy. We re tickling. Ooh, we re kissing. Okay, we re kissing. [audience laughing] That s all right. It s cool. [laughs] Anyway, here s the thing. As they take Chris and put him in jail, he s freaking out. So, you know, he s like– They say, Okay you get to make one telephone call. Only one. And he s freaking out, he s still kind of drunk on tequila, and he can only remember one telephone number. The place where he works. The Late Late Show with Craig Ferguson on CBS. That s true. So I got a call in my office that afternoon. This guy says, Will you accept a call from The Last Vegas City Jail? I was like, You bet I will! [audience laughs] [applause] Yes, indeed! I was wondering what the monologue was going to be tonight. Yeah! So, well… I actually thought it was family, so I– [audience laughs] But it was Chris, and he was like, Man, I fucked up! I m in a jail in Vegas. I m in a lot of trouble. I stole a car, and oh man, it s bad. I was like, Chris! Oh my God! This is awful. Don t start any tickle fights, don t look at them in the eye. Don t worry buddy, I m gonna come get you. I m going to get you out of there, buddy. You hang tight. He s like, Okay, and I hung up, then I thought, I m not going to Vegas. [audience laughs] Then I thought, I gotta get him out of there. He s way too smooth to be in jail in Las Vegas. No– You know, he s not equipped for that kind of thing, so… I thought, How am I going to get him out? I don t know if you know this about me, but in the 1980s, [chuckles] I worked in Manhattan. I worked in the Manhattan Island area of New York City, and I was still waiting on my green card confirmation. [audience laughing] and so I worked in construction for some guys who had an informal employment arrangement, and… [audience laughs] I kept in touch with one of the guys from the life back in the 80s, so I called up this guy– You know, let s call him Tony. I call up Tony, and I m like, Hey, Tony. It s Craig. He was like, Hey, what s a come and a go? Tutti frutti. Ay-ya-ya. Ay, ha-ha! Oh, icecream! He s Italian. I call up Tony, and tell him about Chris. He s like, I don t know anybody in Las Vegas. I was like, Oh, no. But he said he did know a guy in Philly who might be able to help, so we called up his friend in Philly. Let s call him Carmine. [audience laughs] Also Italian. But Carmine didn t know anyone in Vegas, either, but he did know a guy in Chicago. I m like, All right. We get on the line and call this guy in Chicago. Let s call him Frankie. Um… So, we got– [chuckles] And Frankie does actually know a guy in Las Vegas, We call up this guy– That– This is what happened. Three Italians and a Scotsman on the– It s not even a joke! That s what was happening. [audience laughs] And we call up this guy in Las Vegas. I swear, it s true. A judge in Las Vegas that you know, Frankie knows. And… I can t believe I m telling you this, but it s true. This is how you know it s true, cause it s so outlandish, you re like, That can t be true. But it s true. The judge was completely honest, and in no way open to a bribe. [audience laughs] I was like, This is fucking Las Vegas we re talking about, right? But the judge was like, No, I can t help you, fellas. But we got talking, and threatening, and… [audience laughs] And eventually, it turned out that– I swear this is true. It could only happen in America. It could really only happen in Las Vegas. It turned out the judge was not only a judge. He also represented magicians. [audience laughs] [chuckles] I swear it s true. Now, the magicians that this judge represented, they weren t kind of like, you know, white tiger magicians or David Copperfield, or anything like that. They were off the strip magicians. You know, North Las Vegas magicians. Guys that were jumping out of dumpsters, going, Eh! So we talk to this judge, and the judge says, All right, Craig. I ll tell you what. You book Magic Month– A month of my magicians, and I ll let your buddy walk. I m like, Magic Month? He went, Magic Month. I went, Fuck it, Judge. Hang him. [audience laughs] So we argue a little bit. We get it down to Magic Week. And I book five of these shitty magicians, and Chris walks, and… What was he really guilty of, anyway? High spirits in Las Vegas? Well, the judge pointed out technically it was grand theft auto and a DUI. One to five in Nevada, first time. I know. Tickle fight. That s how, you know– That s how I had Magic Week, because I had to get Chris out of jail. Now, I know that explains one Magic Week. It doesn t explain Magic Week twice a year for ten years. It s not like I was running a crime syndicate in Las Vegas. What happened was, I booked five of these shitty magicians, but if you remember that late night show, shitty magicians was kind of the vibe I was going for. [audience laughs] But when I tell people, I don t like magicians. They re like, Craig, you love magicians. Who are you, man? You like cats. You ve got more than one mustache. You hate magicians? You re not the guy we made up in our heads when we were watching free TV when we were high. [audience laughs] We don t recognize you. And I understand. I don t recognize myself anymore. I m 55 years old for God s sake. [audience hoots] How dare you? Ooh, still not dead. Look at you. No, 55. I was like, I should have been dead a while ago, I think, really. Thanks. No! I don t know what happened. I ve changed beyond all recognition. I don t drink, I don t smoke. I don t– I don t fuck around. I don t take drugs. I don t gamble. I don t eat meat. I don t do dairy. I ve got Mormons coming up to me saying, You should lighten the fuck up, pal. [audience laughing] [applause] [chuckling] You know what it is? It s– Los Angeles did it to me. Los Angeles turned me into a pussy. Actually, I kind of stopped drinking before I went to LA. Stopped taking drugs before I went there. Stopped taking drugs before– Scotland, really, I did all the drugs. That s right. I did all the drugs in Scotland. No, I did all the drugs. Like, Does anyone have some heroin? They re like, No, Craig s taken it all.  But we want to do Trainspotting.  Sorry. I did a lot of drugs in Scotland. That s– that s where I needed them. Not to escape the violence, and Sectarian hatred. You get used to that. [audience laughs] It s like living next to the airport. Hardly notice it after a while. [screams] What, what? Oh, ha-ha. Yeah, yeah. No, I needed drugs in Scotland. Not to escape that kind of stuff, but to escape my mother s sense of interior design. Now remember, I came of age in the 1970s, the worst design period in human history. It was awful. It was a terrible time to do it. You young hipsters bring it back even fucking ironically. It was a terrible time in the 1970s. It was awful. Life was hell. They had nylon bed sheets in the 1970s. What kind of madness is that? Nylon bed sheets? That s crazy! When I was staying at my grandmother s house, when I was 16, I used to have to sleep in the spare bedroom. There were nylon sheets on that bed, and I was in there, I was 16, with a Sears catalog. [audience laughs] You got a teenage boy and a Sears catalog, there s going to be friction. And fiction plus nylon equals electricity. [audience laughing] I thought Jesus was angry with me. [applause] It was a terrible time in 1970s. Everyone had sideburns. Everyone had sideburns! Men had sideburns, women had sideburns. Everyone was covered in hair. It was terrible. Everyone was hairy. It s true. If you look at 70s porno, it looks like a documentary about bears. [audience laughs] [chuckles] No, I came of age during the– There s this terrible period in human design, and then you combine that with my own Mother s– Listen, I loved my mother. I did, but she had the design instincts of a Middle Eastern dictator. Maybe worse, even. If Saddam Hussein had come to her house, he d have been like, This is a bit over the top. Don t you think? [audience laughing] ‘Cause Saddam Hussein talked like gay Dracula. [audience laughs] That s so… [chuckling] My apologies to any gay vampires. [groans] [as a vampire] Finally, a joke for us. One. One joke for us. It was terrible in her house, because it was the 70s, and because it was my mom s design. Those of you that were around in the 1970s, we used to– we used to sit around the TV. A TV was like a phone, except you couldn t get calls on it. It was weird. Uh… Uh, but we used to sit, and it was a small room and a TV, and then those of you that remember the 1970s, you ll remember that wallpaper. You probably remember. The wallpaper with the onions? The kind of onion thing on it? There was onions and a kind of a line held together by kind of a membrane. You know I m talking about? It was kind of like a brown and yellow kind of onion. It looked like Larry King s testicles on the wall. Not that I ve seen Larry King s testicles. [audience laughing] I ve seen one. But it was from a distance. He was running away, so… Why are you chasing me?  Come on Larry, let s have a tickle fight. [chuckles] It was like, they had a Larry King testicle wallpaper which was– Oh, my God. It was horrible. Then on the ceilings, in the 1970s, they used to put this stuff that looked like whipped cream with porridge in it. It looked like– It looked like seagulls shit with grit inside it or something. This– this weird ceiling gunk. It was like meringues on the ceiling. Highly flammable. You get on nylon sheets and jerk off… the whole thing would go up. [audience laughing] Ta-da! So… So, you got– [chuckles] You got that Larry King s testicles on the wall, and there s seagulls shit on the ceiling, and then shag carpeting. Shag carpeting looked like mammoth pubes on the floor. Shag carpeting the color of an Orange Julius, or perhaps a particular president. There s, uh… There s orange shit on the floor, the things up there, and the fucking that. It was like… [applause] It was like being on bad acid in that room. And sometimes, I was on bad acid in that room. And then, in the center of the room, there was the pièce de résistance. Which of course, as you know, is French for piece of resistance. [audience laughing] Conversation piece coffee table. Everyone had one in the 1970s. We were no exception. They had to be good, right? It had to be kind of, like, a flamboyant thing. Like, This is our little Versailles in the middle of our house. And ours, it was meant to look like this ornate coffee table. It was meant to have four marble legs, but we couldn t afford marble. So, it was like gray plastic with a purple line drawn on it. It was very penis-y. [audience laughing] Like four straight penises coming at ya. Sounds better than it was. [laughs] Four penis-y legs, and then– And then on top of that, a fabric which has since been outlawed since the 70s: Burgundy velveteen. It was terrible. And then it s on top of the burgundy velveteen, a tableau made out of some kind of recycled metal, uh, of horses galloping. But it wasn t horses galloping like that, galloping along. It was like they were coming towards you. It was their faces. Like, Ah! Four horses, and then on top of that, smoked glass, cause you gotta have smoked glass, cause it s the 1970s. So, it looked like the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse coming at you from some sort of dangerous volcano. It was impossible to do drugs off of that table. [audience laughs] I d chop a line, go down to get it, see the horses, shit my pants, and run away. No. It was bad. So, you know, anyway, I don t do drugs anymore, I don t drink, You know, I m cleaned up. I m all right. I m a vegan, for God sakes. Truth. No, save your energy, vegans. [audience laughing] [laughs] No, I am, though. I am vegan. It s weird when you re vegan. It makes people angry, doesn t it? People get angry when you say– Well, Americans get angry. They re like, Vegan? You hate America now? Americans get angry. Canadians… they don t get angry. They just don t understand the concept. Like, [Canadian accent] Vegan. Okay! [audience laughing] Can you have bacon? But people think you ve joined a cult, or something, when you become a vegan. Like, Can you have an egg? It s like, I can have what I want. It is a dietary choice. It s not like if I have an egg, the vegan SWAT team are gonna show up. Hi, we re the vegan SWAT team. Oh, we re tired. [pants] [audience laughs] No, it s just a choice. That s what it is. You get old enough, you start to notice, you know, certain things have an effect on your body. For example, if I eat an egg, I don t take a trump for three days. Oh, that s a thing now. That s a thing now. Yeah. It s a thing now. [cheering, applause] That s a thing. But you know, it s– Then it s the opposite if I drink milk. If I drink milk, it s like… Hrrrm. Hrrm, ah. Ow, ooh. [whooshes] It s like one of these weather guys in a hurricane or something. It s horrible. [audience laughs] It s just that I notice things have an effect. For me, the big one of course is alcohol. If I drink alcohol, I have an allergic reaction, which manifests itself in a craving for more alcohol. [audience laughs] And of course, that leads to more alcohol, and more alcohol. Before you know what s happening, I wake up three days later in a shallow grave in Bogotá, with my fingers smelling like Bill Cosby. [audience laughing] [audience] Ooh. [applause] Wait, wait. You just fucking Ooh me? You just ooh-ed me, and then gave yourself a round of applause for ooh-ing me. Ooh. Yeah, we showed him. Let me just point out, it was not me that did that. [audience laughing] [imitates Bill Cosby] [applause] [chuckles] Look, what I m saying is I don t drink, and I don t do drugs, I m a vegan. You know the real reason I became a vegan? I know it s probably not– It doesn t behoove me to say it, but you know who I blame. Netflix… Fuckers. [audience laughing] My guess is this will be cut out. But… -[applause] -[chuckling] Welcome back from the edit, everybody. [audience laughing] [chuckling] No, you know what? Netflix is an excellent thing, isn t it? [audience cheers] No, here s the thing. I watched a documentary about, you know, uh, bad meat, or something, on Netflix. And I m like, Oh, no. I stopped eating meat for a couple days, and then I tried to go back, and I can t. It s still in my mind. I keep thinking about it. It s like the Sears catalog, but like food. Can t get it out of my head. Can t go back. Netflix has changed me. It s changed me. Because of Netflix, I had to go to Japan. [audience member] Woo! -Let me explain. -[audience laughs] This is a true story. I– When I was about 13 years old, when I was 13, my father and I went on a father-son trip, the only one we ever took, to visit my uncle James, who lived in Long Island, just outside New York. It was my first time in America. It changed me. I wanted to go there. I wanted to be part of all that. I wanted to go and live in America. So, when my– So when my own son, you know, my oldest boy turned 13, I said, Wherever you want to go in the world, son, you and me go there. Just you and me, and we ll go there. And I m hoping like, Come on, Montreal! [audience cheers] [applause] Or Wherever you re watching this on Netflix. I was like that. [audience laughing] Wow, how did he know we were at– Yeah, no, people really like it here. In ‘our region  So… [audience laughs] because we– we ve been watching Netflix, I said to my son, I said, Anywhere you want. And because we watch Netflix– He watches Japanese anime. He loves anime. And he loves, like, Cowboy Bebop, and Soul Eater, and I guess Pokemon, and all that stuff. It s all this amazing stuff. He loves all that, so he said, No Dad, I want to go to Japan. I never really thought about going to Japan. I wasn t for it. I wasn t against it. It just never really occurred to me. It was like having sex with a ginger person or something. It just never really… never really came up. [audience laughing] Maybe once with Carrot Top, I thought about it for a minute, but… I don t like props. So, they… [chuckles] But I was wrong to not want to go to Japan. I mean, Japan is amazing. Somebody here must have been to Japan. Anyone been to Japan? It s an unbelievable place. Beautiful place. I think when Japanese people visit the west, they must think we are backward heathen Medieval savages. Just by the way we clean our bottoms. And they may have a point. I mean, look, think about this. Imagine– I wouldn t wish this on you, but imagine you got a little piece of… trump on your hand. [audience laughs] All right. Imagine you got a little piece of shit on your hand. It can happen. I don t know. You re at party, a tickle fight starts, you know. Suddenly, your fist is covered in human feces. Oh come on. We ve all been there. [laughing] I feel happy not to be on CBS. But yeah… [audience laughs] No. Imagine you got a piece of shit on you, right? You don t you don t get a piece of dry paper off the wall, and go, Okay, that s it. Clean now. Yeah, that s good. Let s go. [audience laughing] That s what you do in the bathroom in the west. Poop, scrape, done. Japanese bathroom: Entirely different experience. You go to Japanese bathroom, it is tran-scen-fucking-dental, my friends. It s beautiful. You walk in a Japanese bathroom, the lights change. It knows you re there, and the Enya music starts up. [hums new-age tune] It s beautiful, and the portal opens up to another dimension. It s unbelievable. It s just gorgeous. And you sit down in the seat, and it is warm. Warmed by electricity. Not that fat guy in front of you at the airport. Electricity! [applause] You re like, This is nice, and you do your filthy business, and then when you re finished, it knows when you re finished. Which I think is weird, cause sometimes, I don t even know when I m finished. [audience laughs] But it knows. And when you re finished, and you re done, water jets start up. Water jets from underneath. You re like, Oh! What s going on? It s like little midget firefighters are down there. Shhh! Come on! Let s get it out of here!  Not on my watch! God damn it! Come on! Like, Oh! Oh, my God. [audience laughing] When that s over, you think, It can t get better than that. You are wrong. Then, when that s over, dryers start. Dryers! [hums deeply] It s like monks are chanting directly into your anus. [humming deeply] [growling] [audience laughing] When that s over, you think, It can t get better than that. You re wrong again! When that s over… Ff– poof! A mushroom cloud of scented talcum powder. [audience laughing] I was like, Oh! [applause] [sobbing] It s not often I say this, but I left that bathroom a better man than walked in. [audience laughs] [chuckles] Actually, the truth is, when it was over, I just sat there, like, My God. Wonder if I could go again. [audience laughing] But the toilet knows. You can go again in four hours, 23 minutes.  See you then, Nessen 5000.  Take care, Space Cowboy. So, thanks for that, Netflix, I guess. I, um… Just to think about it. I m working for Netflix. We all kind of work for Netflix now. Like, it s changed the world. This Netflix thing. You know, being able to watch shows when you want to watch it. There s not just Netflix. There s Netflix and Hulu and Crackle, and you know, Ass Bandit. I don t know, all the different ones. And they– I don t know if Ass Bandit is one. -But you know what I mean. -[audience laughs] There s all these different things. You can watch whatever show you want to watch when you want to watch it, which I think is a good idea. Except… when it comes to the news. I don t think you should be able to watch the news when you want to watch the news and what you want to watch, because it can have– that s at the core of what s going wrong, because all the conservatives watch Fox News so they can get the news the way they agree with it. And then all the liberals, they watch all the other media outlets to get the news the way they agree with it, and then people who don t give a fuck just watch CNN. ‘Cause they really don t give a fuck. That should be their thing now. [deep voice] CNN: We don t give a fuck. Look out for my next special on CNN. [audience laughs] I get my news from the BBC. -[audience cheers, applause] -That s right. Because, like many people, I believe if I hear the news in an English accent, -I m somehow smarter than everybody else. -[audience laughs] Kind of works, though. It kind of works, that English accent. I don t know why it works. I ve met plenty of stupid English people. ‘Ello, Gov na. ‘Ello. Wanna wiz bang? [audience laughing] But that upper class English voice, it does it every time. I don t know why it does it to me. It shouldn t but it does. I hear the news, and I m like, Oh, yeah. It s like when they– [British accent] Today in America, Donald Trump said something very naughty, and everyone is very upset. I m like, I can imagine they are, BBC. Thanks for the info. I ll just make a cup of tea, put some petrol in my lorry, and go away. It s that voice that does it every time. If you ever want to imply dignity and bearing, you use an English upper class voice. It always works. In Star Wars, Obi Wan Kenobi when they re trying to get the Great Jedi Knight. They used Sir Alec Guinness. With that voice it was beautiful, that, [British accent] So… you want to be a Jedi. Which sounds great and much better than, [Southern accent] So you wanna be a Jedi? [audience laughing] [snorts] Feel the force, Luke. That voice does it every time. That voice. They did it with Hannibal Lecter too in Silence of the Lambs. ‘Cause he was just serial killer, but that s not scary enough. You want to make him a very clever serial killer that will eat you after he kills you, so he would say, you know, that voice,Tony Hopkins, [British accent] Do you hear the lambs, Clarice? [audience laughing] Very frightening. It s not frightening if you just said, Do you hear Lambs? I was never very frightened by that anyway, to be honest. I was frightened enough, but not extra frightened. I m frightened of serial killers, but not of cannibal serial killers, cause once you re dead… [audience laughing] It s the whole fucking point of being dead, isn t it? Bon appétit, motherfucker. I don t care. At that point, you know, you can get the news from CNN. You don t give a fuck anymore. Afraid of cannibals? Kidding me? Frightened of death a little bit. Stand to toy that notion. It worries me. You young people, you don t even think about it. Fuck you man, with your great beard. What is death? Is that like no wifi? Yeah. It is. [audience laughing] [chuckles] You know, in about 50 years, they re gonna have to start burying people with their phone like that in their hand. ‘Cause if it s not on social media, it didn t happen. Here s me decomposing. [chuckles] Hashtag: Mortality. [audience laughing] I realize being angry at young people and their technology is a sign of aging. I m sorry. I don t mean it. It s just that I m kind of annoyed at smartphones. I– I understand that they are very useful. But they re very addictive, and I have a bad history with addiction. And I… I don t know if anyone has a good history with addiction. Yeah, I was addicted to heroin. It was awesome. Uh… But I have a history with it, and I think they re addictive, but they re so useful. I mean, I suppose heroin s useful as well, sometimes when you re, I just can t sleep.  Try heroin. [audience laughs] What it is, is like, they re so– They re so useful they re really useful. Like, I used one recently. Got me out of a medical emergency, my cell phone. Well, it wasn t a medical emergency, but it was a thing. I was on the road, I was touring, and I– I developed a lump in my ass. [audience laughs] Oh, yeah, thanks. That s a big laugh. Thanks a fucking… Oh, ha-ha! Oh, a lump in your ass! [cackles] No, I got a lump in my ass. It was horrible. And you know when you re young, you get a lump in your ass, Lump in my ass! Ha-ha! Let s go out! But… You get older, you think, Lump in my ass? Is this it? Is this how I m gonna go? -[audience laughs] -Ass lump? Is this gonna be– this gonna be my TMZ thing? ‘Oh, the curse of late night. Another ass lump. A former late night ass lump death.  I called up my doctor in Los Angeles, and I described the lump in my ass, and he s like, Mm-hmm, mm-hmm. Do you have a smartphone? I was like, Yeah! Is that it? Is it radiation in my smartphone? Is it giving me ass cancer? He was like, No, you idiot. You have a smartphone? I went, Yeah. He said, All right. Take a photograph of the ass lump and email it to me. I was like… Doctor! [audience laughing] That usually has gotta be the third date. But… he s a doctor, so… I got around there, thanks the Kundalini Yoga, and I took a selfie. It s very close up. It was very, you know, it was a very kind of– Right. You wouldn t be able to tell. Like, you wouldn t go, My God! An ass lump! It was an abstract looking thing. It looked like a tie dye T-shirt, or something like that. You know what I m talking about. Yeah. Next time you see one, you ll remember our special evening together. [audience laughs] So anyway, I sent him a picture of my ass lump. He s like, Oh yeah, what you got there, Craig, is a hemorrhoid. I was like, Oh! I ve never had one of those. He was like, Well, congratulations. You had a good long run. Now you re one of us. I was like, What I do about it? He said, Just put some cream on it. I said, No, not the hemorrhoid. The photograph. -What do I do with the photograph? -[audience laughs] He s like, I don t care. And this is how you know I m a small-minded, petty, vindictive man, cause I swear this is true. I went to the caller ID section of my smartphone, and it s the photograph that comes up when my ex wife calls me. -[audience laughing] -I swear it s true. Doodle-loo-doo, doodle-loo-doo, doodle-loo-doo doo– [screams] The pain in my ass. [audience laughs] [chuckles] But I m addicted to my phone, and then you try put it down, you feel it– strange shit happens to you. I had a– I had a paranormal experience because of my smartphone. Let me explain. It s a true story. After I, uh… after I finished the late night– I quit the job one day. If you ve ever quit a job, it s great the day you quit, and then the day after, you re like, Oh, fuck. [audience laughs] So I was in day one of Oh fuck, and I thought, I don t know what I m going to do. What I do when I can t think of what I m going to do is I go on a road trip, and my best friend in the world, my buddy John, lives in a town called Prescott, Arizona, which is about– Which is about a six hour drive from LA. That s how you know John s old. He s quite an old fella. Because he lives in Prescott. Everybody in Prescott is old. I fucking love going to Prescott, cause people I don t know in the street call me kid. Like, Hey kid, what are you doing in Prescott? I m like, Just delivering newspapers, Mr. Peterson! [audience laughing] I wear a hat with a little propeller on it and shit. Anyway, so I thought, I ll drive out and see John out in Prescott, Arizona. I drive out to Prescott, and just as I m getting there, this giant fucking western storm opens up. These huge black clouds, and, ch-ch-ch, lightning. Ch-ch-ch-ch-ch! Well, you ve seen a storm. It was like that. It was a really big one. I was like, Oh, fuck, and I just drive into Prescott… I decide to go and stay in the hotel I saw driving into Prescott. I m going to tell you the name of this hotel, cause you re not going to believe the story I m gonna tell you, and you re gonna wanna google the name of the hotel. And this is true. The hotel is called the Hassayampa Inn. In Prescott, Arizona. Hassayampa. It s an old Yavapai Indian word. Hassayampa. It means, Follow the river as far as it goes. Which, I don t know why you need a word for that. [audience laughing] How often does that come up? [as Native American] Where are you going?  Hassayampa.  Again?  Shut up, Janice. Anyway, that s not the point. It s called the Hassayampa Inn in Prescott, Arizona. It was a beautiful little Victorian Inn, but the rain was coming down, I was like, Oh fuck, so I run in, I go to the hotel, I get in there, and it s kind of– there s an old-timer behind the reception desk, looked like Wilford Brimley with a cat on top of his mustache. And he s like… [grunts] And I was like, Excuse me, sir, I haven t booked a room. Is there any way I can stay here tonight? And he was like, Yeah. The place is empty. [audience laughing] You can have the bridal suite. Room 426. I was like, Great! I ll take it. I go into the bridal suite, I was like, Wow this is beautiful. It was a beautiful room, and like a suite, really. So I take out my smartphone to send home a picture of it, and my phone died. I m like, Oh, shit. ‘Cause I left the charger in the car, and it is fucking poppin awful. Lightning and rain and stuff. So I call the front desk, I m like, Excuse me, my phone s not working. Do you have a charger? And the guy said, There s a phone in your room, sir. You re calling me on it right now. [audience laughing] I was like, Yeah, all right. Never mind. I left the charger in the car, and I thought, I don t want to go out to the car and get the charger. Look at the rain. You know what? I can deal without my cell phone for one night. Come on! I m not addicted to my cell phone. So I put my phone down, and I thought, I have to pass the time. It s late at night, I m a man on my own in a hotel room. I ll watch late night television. I turned it on, I thought, Nope, that s not for me. And then… I thought, A man on my own… in a hotel room. Check the sheets. They were nylon. [audience laughs] But even then I wasn t tempted– Yeah, I m 55. Can t jerk off anymore. If you haven t got someone to do it for you by now, leave it alone. [audience laughing] It s a personal opinion. Anyway, I thought, I can leave my smartphone alone. I m not addicted. And then I started to feel– Listen, you know what I m talking about. I know withdrawal. I know what it feels like. And I was like Wow, I fucking– This is not good. I started to have palpitations, feel a bit panicky. I was like, Fucking hell. This is bad. It s about the phone? And then I m like… [pants] And then I started to feel real panic, like a panic attack. Like, ‘What the fuck? I started to feel like I was seeing things out the corner of my eye, and I m like… I was like, Fuck this shit. I run out into the car to get it, and the rain s coming down, get the charger as it rains. You can see my nipples through my shirt and everything, I was like… I was gorgeous. I looked like Fabio in the front of a book. I was like, Ah. I got the charger, and I came back to the room, and I plugged in the phone and I waited, and the little half-eaten apple came up, I was like, Oh, thank God…ah. Then I was like, google something, Reese Witherspoon s six-foot-one. Fuckin A. [audience laughs] Then I google, and you re going to do this, I googled The Hassayampa Inn, Prescott, Arizona, and this is what I got. The most haunted hotel in America. I was like… [screams] Really! And then I read this thing, and it says, [deep voice] Yes, the Hassayampa Inn– Very haunted. On no accounts stay in room 426, in the bridal suite. I was like… [screams] I was like, What the fuck? I run down to the front desk, the old-timer was there, and I said, Has anyone ever complained about paranormal activity in room 426? And he turned into a bat, and flew away! [audience laughs] All right, I made that bit up. I added that bit, but… apparently there s a ghost in that room, and she doesn t like men. If I single man is staying on his own, she ll go into the bathroom and steal his toothbrush. I know. And I go into the bathroom, and my toothbrush had gone! Then I remembered I m European, I didn t have a toothbrush. But if I had… [audience laughing] It was scary is what I m saying. Oh, shit. I never told you the joke. All right, here s the joke. The oldest joke in the world. This is true. This is– [chuckles] Sure it s true. Why the fuck not? You know… Everything s true now. Fake news!  Fuck you it s true. All right… Everything s fuckin true. But this is true. It is. What happened is my friend Cara, who is an Egyptologist, she calls me up from Egypt and says, We found this joke. I was like, That s great. Tell me the joke. So she tells me the joke, but I don t speak Ancient Egyptian. It was like, Owl, owl, guy with a dog s head. And I m like… It s not that funny. [audience laughing] Wow, I had no idea so many Ancient Egyptians were here this evening. You guys are like, Oh! [chuckles] Yeah, yeah. Ha-ha! Nice one! Ha-ha! Good! Finally, a joke for us. Two! Two jokes for us. [chuckles] So she tells me the English translation of the joke, and I m like, That s weird. I know that joke. The joke was told to me by Drew Carey, one of my oldest friends. I m like, I thought Drew was from Cleveland. [audience laughs] I ve known him for 20 fucking years. He s got a house there and everything. So I called up Drew, and I said, Hey man, you know that– That joke you told me? And I tell him the joke. I said, That s the oldest joke in the world. And he turned into a bat flew away. [audience laughing] [chuckles] It s getting more and more stupid, isn t it? All right, no, this is true. What happened is, I called him up, I said, You know that joke you told me? And I tell him the joke. I said, That s the oldest joke in the world, and he said, That is weird. And I said, Yeah! He said, No, what s weird about it is I didn t tell you that joke. I went, What? I said, No, you told me that joke. And I was like, Shut up, Drew Carey! And he was like, You shut up, Craig Ferguson! I was like, No I won t! He was like, No, I won t! Then we started to kind of tickle fight, then we were kissing. We were kissing. It was a really strange phone call. [audience laughs] All right. I got sidetracked. Here s the joke. This is the joke. The way I heard the joke, it wasn t– It wasn t set in Ancient Egypt, but in every respect, it s exactly the same joke. It s about two hunters, but the way I heard about it, it was, you know, it was set in a gentleman s club in Victorian times. It was very different to a gentlemen s club now. You know, a gentleman s club now is like, Hey! Give me a dollar, I ll give you chlamydia, but back then… [audience laughing] Sorry, I was just doing my job. You pay extra for those seats. Um… So here s the joke. Anyway, the joke is this: It s two hunters: An old hunter and a young hunter, and they re going through the trophy room of this club, you know, and the old hunter is showing off. He s looking at the heads on the wall, and he said, This here… This a lion that I shot in Africa. I used to be a dentist in the Midwest. You remember that? Remember that? Do you remember that was the thing that everybody in the world was mad at? Simpler times, huh? This a lion that I shot in Africa. It s a very frightening story. I was just walking through the jungle, and the lion lept out at me. Came towards me, I was like, ‘Oh! And he s coming towards me, Sharp-sharp claws, bitey-bitey mouth, scary eyes, I was like… [pants] and he comes very close, I take out my gun, shot him right between the eyes. The young hunter says, Good, sir. Good. Well done. He was like, Yes, yes. And this… This is a very similar story. This is a tiger. I was walking through the Jungle in India, this tiger jumped out at me, stripey face, scratchy claws, bitey mouth. Coming towards me, he s gonna bite me! I take out my gun, and I shot him right between the eyes. The young hunter says, Very good, sir. He goes, Yeah, and here, the scariest story of all: The rhinoceros. I was walking across the Serengeti, and I heard, ‘Thumpity-thump thump. Thump, thump, thump. Thump thump thump, coming towards me, I turn around, it s the rhinoceros! He s coming towards me, big stompy feet and a big spiky. He s coming towards me, stompy, spiky, he s gonna kill me! I take out my gun, and I m like, ‘Oh! I drop my gun, and… [screams] …and I shit myself. [audience laughs] The young hunter says, I would have too. That sounds terrifying. He went, No, not then! Right now, when I said, ‘Ah!  To be fair, I did not say it was the best joke in the world. Jokes have improved immensely since then. But it is, in fact, the oldest joke in the world, and so, with that… we are done. [audience groans] That sounded a little bit like relief. [audience laughing] You got your one joke… and that s all you re going to get. Unless you get the special Netflix subscription, which gives you an extra joke. [audience laughing] Look out for that on the website. You guys are awesome. Thank you so much. I ll see you next time. -Good night, good night, good night. -[applause] ? Here kitty, kitty ? ? You better move along… ? [audience cheering] ? Cuz the big cats walk ? ? At the break of dawn ? ? Now doggone it, baby? ? Ooh, I said doggone ? ? Can your pussy do the dog? ? ? Can your pussy do the dog? ? ? Can your pussy do the hound dog, baby? ? ? Can your pussy do the dog? ? ? Well this whole mess useless now as a whistle on a plow ? ? If your pussy can t do the dog ? ? I m the king of the jungle ? ? They call me tiger man ? ? I m gonna do the bird ? ? If I can, if I can ?

DAVE CHAPPELLE@EQUANIMITY@2017@[ Killing Me Softly with His Song playing] [woman vocalizes] ? I heard he sang a good song ? ? I heard he had a style ? [camera shutter clicks] ? And so I came to see him To listen for a while ? [audience cheers] ? And there he was This young boy ? ? A stranger to my eyes ? ? Strumming my pain With his fingers ? ? Singing my life with his words ? ? Killing me softly with his song ? [Dave Chappelle] I came back here where I started because I will shoot my final Netflix special tonight. [audience cheering] That s right. And after this shit… it s time to make America wait again. I ve done too well. You know, if you black in show business and do too well, it s scary. You got to get the fuck out of the casino while the getting s good, while you re still winning. If you don t walk away from the table, that s how nigga s get Kevin Harted. You already know. That s my man. I m just saying, if he got a sex tape out… well, it s just a matter of time for me. But you know why I be thinking sometimes I wanna stop doing comedy, and you know… I don t wanna sound like a braggart saying this, but the real, like, reason I wanna stop is because I m too goddamn good at it. I m dope, nigga, like– I m not even– I m not even exaggerating. It s not exciting. Every night before I come out on stage, I ll be backstage like, I m sure this is gonna go well. And it always does. I m so good at writing jokes… And this is not even an exaggeration. I actually write jokes backwards. I will write a punch line with no particular setup in mind. I just put it on a scrap of paper, and I ll throw that scrap of paper in my fishbowl. I have a fishbowl in my house filled with random punch lines. And every once in a while, I ll shake the bowl and I ll dig in there and pull one out, and see if I can make that shit work. And I picked one for this special. It s not an easy punch line to pull off. Are you ready? [audience] Yeah. Here it goes. The punch line is, So I kicked her in the pussy. I haven t finished the joke yet. I just know whatever happens in the beginning of the joke, at the end of the joke, for some reason, I m gonna kick somebody in the pussy, and it s going to be hilarious. You know what s weird? I ve always been this talented. I can t remember a time when I wasn t. You know, when I was growing up, I was probably about eight years old, and at the time, we were living in Silver Spring. Yeah. Yes. Common misconception about me and DC, a lot of people think I m from the ‘hood . That s not true. But I never bothered to correct anybody… because I wanted the streets to embrace me. As a matter of fact, I kept it up as a ruse. Like sometimes I ll hang out with rappers like Nas and them, and these motherfuckers start talking about the projects. Yo, it was wild in the PJs, yo. And I ll be like, Word, nigga, word. But I don t know. I have no idea. My parents did just well enough so that I could grow up poor around white people. To be honest, when Nas and them talk about the projects, nigga, I used to get jealous. Because it sounded fun. Everybody in the projects was poor, and that s fair. But if you were poor in Silver Spring, nigga, it felt like it was only happening to you. Nas does not know the pain… of that first sleepover at a white friend s house. When you come back home on Sunday and just look at your parents like… Y all need to step your game up. Everything at Timmy s house works. Remember the first time you saw that? The cold winter and to be at a white friend s house and see them motherfuckers in their living room without their coats on? Timmy was one of my first white friends, like, in my life, man. Good dude, too. He moved to Silver Spring from Utah of all places. I guess his family was affiliated with that Mormon church they got down there. Me and him used to hang out. One day, I was at his house, just hanging out, and Timmy says, Dave, why don t you stay for dinner tonight? I said, Oh, man, I d love to, but I can t. If I m not home before dark, my mother will kill me. That was a lie. My mother had several jobs. I hadn t seen her in three or four days. And the only reason I lied to Timmy was because at that point in my life, it was my experience that white dinner wasn t delicious. I d rather go home and fry some bologna or some shit like that. But then old Timmy threw me a curveball I wasn t expecting. He said, Oh, it s too bad you can t stay, Dave, cause… Mama made Stove Top stuffing. I said, What the fuck? Stove Top? Hold on, nigga. Let me make some phone calls real quick. I had seen that commercial so many times, I had dreamt of getting my hands on some of that Stove Top stuffing. Finally I met a motherfucker that actually had a box of Stove Top in the house. I couldn t miss this opportunity, so I pretended to call my mother. Then I came back and I said, Timmy. Timmy, you re not gonna believe this. Great news. Mom said I can stay. He said, Fantastic. He said, Why don t you come with me, and we ll help set the table, and then we can say the blessing? I had no interest in setting this motherfucker s table or saying these crazy-ass Mormon prayers. I just wanted the goddamn stuffing. I told Timmy, You know what? I d love to help, but let me go wash my hands first. My plan was simple. Wash my hands slowly, and by the time I m done, the table will be set, the blessing will be said, and all that there will be left to do is eat. Went to the bathroom. I wash my hands very slowly. I must have been in there for about ten minutes. And suddenly… one of his mothers came to the door. She was like, Hi. David, right? I said, Yes, ma am. She said, Timmy tells me that you re planning on staying for dinner. I said, I hope that s not a problem, ma am. She says, No, it s no problem. We d love to have you. It s just that we weren t expecting company. And I m afraid… there s not enough Stove Top stuffing… for everybody. So I kicked her in the pussy. Ladies and gentlemen… I told you I m dope, nigga. I told you that I was gonna say it, and you still didn t see it coming. And that s why I make the big bucks. Oh, my God. But there s a more important reason that I would stop doing comedy right now. And this reason is the real reason that s been percolating, and it really is the crowd. Not you. I m talking about the crowd on the big stage. It s too hard to entertain a country whose ears are so brittle. Motherfuckers are so sensitive, the whole country has turned into bitch-ass nigga s. Everything you say upsets somebody. You know, I can remember when it all started. It was when I was doing Chappelle s Show. When I was doing Chappelle s Show… I used to do the show, and then on the weekends, I d do concerts and shit like that. So, I m doing a concert, and there was a couple in the front row. Beautiful couple. The wife… The wife was obviously Asian. You could see it in her face. The husband… this motherfucker was mysterious, to say the least. Couldn t quite pinpoint where he was from. Caramel-colored fella, very nice hair, but he could have been from anywhere. Bangladesh, Mexico. I can t guess with a nigga like this. All I knew for sure about this guy… was that his wife was a bitch. I could see that in her face, too. No, he was laughing and having a good time, and she was scowling at me at a goddamn comedy show. I couldn t figure it out. And then I realized at some point that she was pregnant, and I was smoking on stage. I said, Oh, my God. That s probably why she s mad. So I started to put my cigarette out, but then she hit me with one of them fake non-smoker coughs. So I just kept smoking. I thought to myself, Bitch, that baby will be fine. Relax. Then I tried to break the tension. I just asked her– This is all I said. I go, Hey, where are you guys from? And I could tell that she was on to me. Very condescendingly, she says, I m from California. If you re asking my ethnicity… I am Chinese. And her husband was just cool about the shit. He was like, I m Mexican, bro. I said, Well, I m sorry if I offended you by asking, but you re very beautiful couple. And, miss, there s no question that you re gonna give birth to the hardest-working baby this world has ever seen. It s not a bad joke. She got very upset. She got up to leave immediately. She didn t just leave. She had to take one last dig at me on the way out. I will never buy one of your fucking DVDs again, Dave Chappelle. I said, Ma am, with all due respect… Chinese people don t buy DVDs. And the crowd went crazy. We were all laughing and having a good time. I didn t even think anything of it. And then, just three days later, this lady sends a fucking letter to my promoter telling him not to book me for shows anymore because I was quote racist. Huh? And… And I m quoting her, insensitive to the nature of my interracial marriage. I was like, Word, bitch, I was? If she had just done a little bit of research… She would know that I myself am in an interracial marriage. That s right. In fact, my wife is Asian, too. Surprise, bitch. I ll see you on Thanksgiving. But my wife s not Chinese. She s Filipino. That s right. And our kids look Puerto Rican somehow, so there you go. I don t give a fuck about interracial marriage. In fact, you know what? My mother is half white. -A lot of people don t know that. -[woman screams] All right, you a little too excited, but okay. A lot of people don t believe me when I say that, but it s true. You can t tell looking at me. But if I grew my hair out… you would think you was at a fucking Katt Williams concert. My shit is… My shit is beautiful. But motherfuckers are just taking it too far. I don t know why or how everybody got this goddamn sensitive. You know who hates me the most? The transgender community. Yo, yeah, these motherfuck– I mean, I didn t realize how bad it was. These motherfuckers was really mad about that last Netflix special. It s tough, man. I don t know what to do about it cause… ‘Cause I like them. Always have. Never had a problem with them. You know. Just fucking around. A matter fact, I think I make fun of everybody. I mean, as a group of people, they have to admit that… it s kind of fucking hilarious, man. I m sorry, bro. It s like… I ve never seen somebody in such a hilarious predicament not have a sense of humor about it. They re born feeling like they re something other than they re born as, and that s… That s kind of funny. I mean, it s funny if it s not happening to you. It s like that white black bitch that s in the news all the time. Rachel Dolezal. She always says that. She– She– She was– She s a white woman, but then she dressed up like a nigga and… shot her way up to the very top of blackness. And I always wanted to meet her just so I can understand. I just wanted to have dinner with her, so I can just look in her eyes… and call her a nigga to her face. What the fuck is that bitch talking about? I identify as black. That is trans-talk, lady. Stop biting. Stop biting. There s a big difference between her and a trans. The difference between her and a trans is I believe transgenders. I don t understand them either, but I know they mean what they say. Them nigga s cut they dicks off. That s all the proof I need. Never seen somebody just throw their dick away. Don t need it. I don t understand, but I believe you, and I support your decision, motherfucker. But how far is Rachel willing to go? Hmm? What is Rachel willing to do so that we blacks can believe that she believes she s actually one of us? Bitch, are you willing to put a lien on your house? So that you can invest in a mix tape that probably won t work out. She didn t even change her name. Didn t even change her name. Her name is Rachel. I can t believe in that name. You want my support , you gonna have to change your name to the blackest shit I ve ever heard. Bitch, you gonna have to change your name to Draymond Green. I don t know a blacker name than that. That shit is black on paper. If you type Draymond Green in the Airbnb… that shit will log off automatic. People get mad, bro. People get mad about everything I say. I was doing a show. I was in Portland, Oregon. And I was checked in a hotel under the name Charles Edward Cheese. I came back to my room late at night… and there was a note. It was like a letter on my desk. It was addressed to Mr. Cheese. So, obviously, I m gonna assume that whoever wrote this letter must be an intimate friend. This is not some kind of name that a person would just guess. But then I open the letter, and it turns out I don t know this person at all. It s a fan letter. I m not even used to the idea that I have fans, but I m grateful for it. And… And even though I m grateful for fans, I… I don t read those letters. Be nice if I did, but realistically, it s like, What am I, Santa Claus, nigga? I don t have time for this. Got shit I wanna do. I m trying to chill. Read all these dreams and wishes from strangers. But then– But I read it. I d already opened it, so I just read the whole letter. And you know what, man? Whoever wrote this letter truly loves me. I mean, they were really fucking nice in the letter. And then they described to me what it was like to come to the show. How excited they were and how much fun they were having. And then they said… that when I got to my jokes about transgenders… that they were quote, devastated. ‘Cause turns out that whoever wrote the letter was transgender. I m gonna be real for a second. As a policy, you gotta understand, I never feel bad about anything I say up here. And I would never admit this to you if I hadn t locked your phones up. But it was the weirdest thing, like when I read this letter… the shit made me feel bad. I didn t feel bad about what I said, you understand. I felt bad that I made somebody else feel bad. To be honest, I don t even know what I said that upset that person. I have so many transgender jokes. [laughs] But I feel like… I feel like it was probably… this joke I m about to tell you right now. Sorry. And it s not even that bad of a joke. It s a true joke. I mean, it s not true, but I– I had read in the paper that Caitlyn Jenner was contemplating posing nude in an upcoming issue of Sports Illustrated. And I know it s not politically correct to say these things, so I just figured,  Fuck it, I ll say it for everybody else. Yuck. You know, sometimes, I just want to read some stats. I don t know why you gonna cram some man pussy in the middle of the sports page lines. I just didn t think that was the place for it. But I wasn t saying anything like Caitlyn Jenner s a bad person. I m not mad at her. I m not even mad at Sports Illustrated. If I m mad at somebody… I m probably just mad at myself. You understand? ‘Cause deep down, I know that I am not strong enough… to not look at those pictures. And I don t think I m ready to see what she s trying to show. So, Caitlyn… goddamn it, if you go through with this thing… bitch, you better go hard or go home. I want you to go all the way. Hustler style. Do you know what Hustler style means, miss? That means spread the lips… I hope she spreads the lips and there s an itty-bitty dick inside. The show is behind the curtains. I don t know what I said that upset that person. But I m gonna tell you something. When I read that letter… in the moments after I read it, I did something that many black men in America do not have the time or the money to do. I thought about how I felt. Asked myself a very basic question that I don t think I ever directly contemplated. I said, Man, Dave, if you re writing all these jokes, do you have a problem with transgender people? And the answer is absolutely not. The fuck you guys think I am? I don t understand all the choices that people make. But I do understand that life is hard, and that those types of choices do not disqualify you from a life with dignity and happiness and safety in it. But if I m honest… my problem has never been with transgender people. My problem has always been with the dialogue about transgender people. I just feel like these things should not be discussed in front of the blacks. It s fucking insulting, all this talk about how these people feel inside. Since when has America given a fuck how any of us feel inside? And I cannot shake this awful suspicion that the only reason everybody is talking about transgenders is because white men want to do it. That s right. I just said that. If it was just women that felt that way or black dudes and Mexican dudes being like, Hey, ya ll, we feel like girls inside. They d be like, Shut up, n i g g e r. No one asked you how you felt. Come on, everybody, we have strawberries to pick. It reeks of white privilege. You never asked yourself why it was easier for Bruce Jenner to change his gender than it was for Cassius Clay to change his fucking name? And if I were to be brutally honest… [man] Go, Dave. …the only reason I ever have been mad at the transgender community, is because I was at a club in LA and danced with one of these nigga s for six songs straight. I had no idea. Then the lights came up and I saw them knuckles. I said, Oh, no! And everybody was laughing at me. WorldStar. I said, Why didn t you say anything? Then I heard that sultry voice. I didn t say anything, Dave Chappelle, because I was having a wonderful time. And I wasn t sure how you d feel about it. I said, You knew how I d feel. And she said, I m going home. I don t want any trouble from you. I said, Home? It s only two songs left. I mean, we might as well… finish the night. And we ended up having breakfast together. Oh, grow up. That doesn t make me gay. I just titty-fuck them. Those titties are as real as any titties in LA. It was two o clock in the morning. I was just borrowing a little friction from a stranger. Whoops! It s the madness of youth. It s the types of mistakes a man makes when he s young. I wouldn t even know that it s necessarily a mistake. It was a wild night out. But I don t do it like that anymore. I m old. I m 44 now. Right. It s the first time in my life I ve ever started to physically feel my age. You can– It s tough, man. You know how I know I m getting old? This is embarrassing, but… I was in my hotel room. I was– I m not gonna lie, I was jerking off. And I was really sweating it out. And this is when I knew I was old. I just gave up in the middle like nothing even happened. I don t like looking at my dick anymore. My dick looks distinguished. It s old. An old-looking dick. It s got salt-and-pepper hair all around it. My dick looks like Morgan Freeman in the 90s. Without the dots. My dick narrates, Dave pulled me out and started jerking me around. Jerking me around. But not with the same vigor as when he was young. He and I both knew nothing was coming out. I see my age in my children. I came home from the road, this is not long ago. I d been gone for– If you picture, I was gone for weeks and weeks, and when I came back, nobody was home. Not one person in my family thought that maybe I d like to see them when I got back. They knew when I was coming back, but they just weren t… They just weren t home. And that shit was a wake-up call. You know, like, when my kids were little, and the tour bus would pull up to the house, these motherfuckers would spill out. Dad is home. Hooray! And they d hug me and kiss me. And then, as the years went on, they d get less interested. Hey, everybody, look, it s Mr. Promises back from the road. But an empty house, that s… That s some cold shit. I went into my oldest son s room. I was like, Hello? Hello? He was gone. I d never done this to him before, but for some reason, I just did it. I just… I just looked through his shit. Just to see who this motherfucker was becoming. I found these notebooks, and I started going through the notebooks, and it was all this wonderful poetry in them. It was his handwriting. I didn t even know this nigga wrote poems. Then I look through his drawers, and I open up his middle drawer… and I found this rolling paper. And I looked down at them papers, like, Oh… that s where that poetry is coming from. And that shit broke my heart. I mean, I smoke weed, but I mourned my son s innocence. And I cried a little bit… and I took his papers upstairs in my room. Rolled some weed that I d hid from the family. And I got really high. And then I got paranoid… so I put his papers back how I found them… so he wouldn t know what I was up to. This nigga won t even know that that happened till he sees this special. Yeah, nigga, I found your papers. He s a cold motherfucker. This kid is only 16 years old. Listen to what he did to me. This motherfucker calls me up… in the middle of the night. It was one o clock in the morning. He goes, Dad, don t be mad. I knew something was terribly wrong. I said, What s going on? He said, Listen, I m fine. And don t forget you told me to do this. I m at a party, and my designated driver had too much to drink. Me and my friends need you to come pick us up. I said, Jesus Christ. It s one o clock in the morning, nigga. I am shitfaced. But then I figured fuck, it s better me than some kid. I might as well roll the dice and go pick my nigga up. I said, All right, I m coming to get you. Give me the address and I ll be right there. And then he gave me the address, and I was shocked. I said, Son, you are not gonna believe this, but… I m at the same party, nigga. They grow up fast, don t they? Can I ask you a weird question? I don t want to make you feel uncomfortable. You don t have to answer it, and if it doesn t go well, we ll just edit it out anyway. Is it weird to be the only white people in a row? I mean, you can be honest. Does it feel strange? Are you worried at all? Give me your money, motherfucker. I m just fucking with you. This guy s got ice in his veins. He didn t even buckle. You know, like many black men my age, the first time I voted was eight years ago. That s right. I saw Obama on TBS, said, I m voting for this nigga. I remember the day I voted for Obama. I voted in Ohio. And my vote matters in Ohio. Ohio is a battleground state. But when I pulled up to the polls, all of the soldiers were in line. There were so many black people in that goddamn line, I didn t even know it was the polls. I thought it was the check-cashing place. We were hugging each other , and old people were singing hymns and spirituals and shit. It was like the OJ verdict times ten or some shit. I ve never seen black people that happy. Eight years later, I m pulling up to the polls again. This time, I m driving a brand-new Porsche. Because the Obama years were very good to me. I was early voting… and when I parked my car, I figured out something that it would take the rest of the country another week to figure out. I understood that Donald Trump was gonna be our next president. Because in Ohio, unlike DC, you could see the results in the parking lot. All these goddamn pickup trucks and tractors and shit. And then I walked up, and I saw a long, long line… of dusty white people. Yes, ladies and gentlemen, these were the poor whites. I must tell you, I ve never had a problem with white people ever in my life, but full disclosure… the poor whites are my least favorites. We ve got a lot of trouble out of them. And I ve never seen so many of them up close. I looked them right in their coal-smeared faces. And to my surprise… you know what I didn t see? I didn t see one deplorable face in that group. Saw some angry faces and some determined faces, but they felt like decent folk. No, they did. In fact, I m not even lying, and not to sound fucked up, but I felt sorry for them. I know the game there. I know that rich white people call poor white people trash. And the only reason I know that is because I made so much money last year, the rich whites told me they say it at a cocktail party. And I m not with that shit. I stood with them in line, like all of us Americans are required to do in a democracy, nobody skips the line to vote, and I listened to them. I listened to them say naive poor white people things. Man, Donald Trump s gonna go to Washington, and he s gonna fight for us. I m standing there thinking in my mind, You dumb motherfucker. You are poor. He s fighting for me. And they all looked at me. They could tell who I was voting for, just as easily as I could tell who they were voting for. But do you guys know what we all had in common? Not one of us, not a single one of us, looked like we felt good about what we had to do in that booth. We were just doing our goddamn duty. Yes, I voted for Hillary Clinton, of course I did. I voted for her because I liked what she said vastly better than I liked what he said. To be honest with you, at that point, that shit was like watching Darth Vader do the I Have a Dream speech. That bitch is mean as hell. She d already Karate Kid swept Bernie Sanders legs from underneath him. Boy, it was hard voting for that shit. But it was the lesser of the evils. I know you were a Clinton supporter, miss. I am sorry to say like that. It didn t feel bad voting for her, but it didn t feel as good as it should ve. She was gonna be our first woman president. They were gonna make coins out of this bitch. And somehow, she just missed the dunk. Of course she should ve beat him. You know what voting for her felt like? It was bittersweet. It felt like I was lucky enough to eat Halle Berry s pussy. And whilst I was doing so, she fucking farted in my face, man. Now you understand, I d still do it. But, boy, I wish she didn t fart in this great nation s face. I voted that day, and then that same day I flew to New York City. I had work. That night, I was in a comedy club in New York, and I said to an audience almost exactly what I just said to you. And I didn t know that there was a journalist in the room. And this journalist wrote an article. The headline of the article said, Dave Chappelle is an avid Donald Trump supporter. Yeah. I had no idea the paper said that. You know how I found out? My wife called me from Ohio the next morning in a goddamn panic. David. David, what the fuck… is going on in New York? I said, I ve been good, but what have you heard? My wife said, The paper is saying that you re a Donald Trump supporter. I was like… [sighs] I said, Don t worry about that shit, baby. Nobody in their right mind would believe that. And she said, No, David, people believe it. And then she started reading the comments to me. Oh, they were terrible. All these black people calling me all kinds of Uncle Toms and shit. I should tell you, this is a very serious allegation from one black to another. I was incensed. Uncle Tom? How am I Uncle Tom, nigga? You the one that reads the Observer. Anyway, all this shit goes down. And Saturday night rolls around, and now Trump is the president, and I m hosting Saturday Night Live. And I didn t really prepare my monologue. I just kind of winged it. At the end of the monologue, I don t even remember what I said. I said something like, Fuck it. We re historically disenfranchised, and we re gonna give him– Something about, We re gonna give him a chance if he gives us a chance. I don t know what I said, but whatever I said, I really wish I didn t say that shit. It was not worth the trouble. Walking to the barbershop and all them black people be looking at me like, Yo, Dave, what s up with your boy? Yo, nigga, yo! He s not my boy. ‘Cause I don t care if you re Republican or Democrat, if you support him or not, any objective person is gonna have to admit that this motherfucker is having a terrible go of it. He really is. We ve had presidents before that have done bad jobs, but this shit is worse than a bad job. It s scary to watch. Holy shit. It s like seeing a crack pipe in your Uber driver s passenger seat. What the fuck is wrong with this guy? Yo, he is lunching, nigga. I watched… I watched Donald Trump in a press conference. And this motherfucker had all the media gathered, and this nigga literally, literally asked the media to their face to stop finding shit out. I was like, Yo. Yo, this motherfucker is bugging. And then… I m not even making this up. His lips started sweating. His lips. Have you ever seen a motherfucker s lips sweat? What the fuck is wrong with this nigga s lips? It s like if you re on a plane, right? You ever been on a plane… I get scared to fly. I do it all the time. I ll be scared on there. And sometimes a plane will hit turbulence. And then I get nervous, but I always look at the flight attendant, and she looks calm, and it makes me feel calm. But if that bitch s lips were sweating? It s terrifying. Like, Yo, nigga, why are your lips sweating? What do you know? And then… I m not making this up. This motherfucker grabbed the podium, he goes, You don t know how scary the things I read in my briefings are. And I was like, Holy shit, man. You ain t supposed to tell us that, bro. That s bad leadership. As a parent, you think I m gonna sit my kids down, Hey, little man, come here real quick. I m gonna holler at you for a second. Yo… I m three months behind on the rent, nigga, and I am worried. Very worried. Go on, go to school and have a productive day. I was just thinking out loud. Getting some shit off my chest. I m like, What the fuck are you doing, bro? This is bad, man. Jesus Christ. All this motherfucker s ideas sound like high people ideas. He doesn t think these things through before he tells us. He tells us what he s thinking as soon as it occurs to him. That shit sounds nuts. I m gonna go to China, and I m gonna get those jobs from China and bring them back here to America. For what, nigga? So iPhones can be $9,000? Leave that job in China where it belongs. None of us want to work that hard. What the fuck is he thinking? I want to wear Nikes. I don t want to make them shits. What the fuck are you doing? Stop trying to give us Chinese jobs. I am going to bring back coal. Coal?! I m not even exaggerating… I have never in my life even seen a fucking lump of coal. I honestly don t even know what coal is for. If you gonna have motherfuckers digging in the dirt looking for shit, find me some truffles, nigga. That s what I m about. At least truffle prices are getting out of control. If it gets any worse, I m gonna be back down to regular butter like everybody else. Terrible, terrible job. This motherfucker hit North Korea with rap battle threats. Fire and Fury. Like, Yo! Yo, what you doing? This is fucking Korea, man. Kim Jong-un is a scary motherfucker. He might be as crazy as Trump. Some scary shit. And if you one of them naive motherfuckers that thinks that a war with Korea is gonna be easy, then you don t play Call of Duty at three a.m. like I do. ‘Cause that s when the Koreans play. Fucking eight-year-old Korean kid took out my whole goddamn platoon last night. I ve never seen somebody in an office so high with the most just basic fucking solutions. Like, you know… We should not let any more Muslims in the country till we can figure out what s going on. Did he just say, Figure out what s going on ? Who doesn t know how to do basic math? Let s count it out, okay? It s been 17 mass shootings in the United States. Four of them were done by Muslims. None of those four Muslims were from any of the seven countries in your stupid-ass original ban. And since he brought it up, the other 13 shootings were done by the tiki-torch whites. These are facts. You don t see me trying to ban white people from the show to keep the rest of the audience safe. It s a fucking terrible idea, because it s mean and it s racist. And most importantly… it would be catastrophic to my bottom line. If there were no white people here tonight, I might leave this bitch with $1,800. This man needs to realize that we all need each other. And that s why we will never, ever be able to beat China. Because everybody in America is racist, and everybody in China is Chinese. This motherfucker called it all wrong. And don t believe the media either, cause as all this shit is happening, the media is trying to make us believe that the extremities amongst us are the norms. We can disagree, that s fine. And most of us are keeping a cool head about this shit. You know what I mean? Americans generally respect one another s beliefs, even if they don t share those beliefs. I know I do. I respect everybody s beliefs, except Amish people. ‘Cause they are the only ones that I can say clearly, Their God is wrong. Speed limit is 75 miles an hour in Ohio, and one lane of traffic is blocked by a goddamn horse and buggy. nigga, your God is ridiculous. All the Amish people around my way know me, too. Not from television, obviously. They know me from the streets. ‘Cause when I see them horse and buggies, I pull the Porsche over and talk to em. [imitates brakes screeching] Ezekiel. Ezekiel, are you sure that God doesn t want you to have any of this technology or this energy? Huh? Hmm? Huh? I can t hear you. Let me turn this air conditioner off. What did you say? And them nigga s be like, Get away from me, ye. Ye tried to tempt me like the devil.  Devil? Nah, bro. I m trying to put you onto the game, Zeke. It s a big world out here, nigga. I just went 25 miles in 30 minutes. That s a day s journey for you. You don t even know what the weather s gonna be tomorrow, do you? I do. You don t even know that there s a valuable Pokémon on your shoulder. [imitates game beep] Ta-ta. And then I drive away. -[men and women shouting] -Huh? -Oh, my vape pen? -[man] Yeah, I want to hit it. You want to hit my vape pen? Oh, sorry, nigga, I m trying not to get herpes. My bad. I ve been playing cat-and-mouse with herpes for 30 years now, but… Every night, I go to the club, I be like, Not tonight, herpes. No disrespect. I m not saying you have herpes. I m just saying one out of five people do, so let s just… Let s just all be careful around this motherfucker and make sure that… we leave with the lips we came with. Sometimes I think that the media is hard on Trump. ‘Cause I ll see shit that they get on him about that doesn t seem bad to me. nigga got into trouble about not staying in the White House enough. Who gives a fuck? This motherfucker was rich. He used to shit in a gold toilet. It s true. I don t know if you ve ever been to the White House. It looks like a very nice place to work, but… I wouldn t want to live in that Scooby-Doo-ass house either. That shit is… terrifying looking. Imagine you trying to jerk off in the crib, and Abraham Lincoln s just looking at you like… Shit, Bush didn t stay there, either. He was rich, too. He was like, Fuck that. I m going to my ranch in Texas. Obama was the first motherfucker to move into the White House like, This is a nice place. Look at this rug. The media got on him about putting Jared Kushner in his cabinet, and I didn t think that that was the worst thing he d done. I mean, it was still early. It s not unprecedented. Kennedy had his brother as attorney general, right? This motherfucker s a Washington outsider. To be honest with you, I d probably do the same thing. As a matter of fact, I do. You think I go to a Hollywood meeting with all them white folks by myself? I bring my nigga Mac Mittens from the streets. I don t even know his real name. Everybody just calls him Mac Mittens. But I know he s not qualified to even listen to these meetings, but this motherfucker just makes me feel good. And all the white people look at me like, Dave, do you mind asking your friend Mac Mittens to excuse us so we can talk business? And I say, Fuck that. Anything you say to me, Mac Mittens can hear that shit. And he listened to the whole meeting. When they done talking, I just look over to Mac Mittens, and if he gives me the signal… Meow-meow! I ll sign the papers. It s a gut check. Or how about this one? Remember when it was the day after the election, and the president of Taiwan called Donald Trump to congratulate him? And Donald Trump, of course, took the call and talked to the president of Taiwan. The problem with that was… Taiwan doesn t have a president. The United States functions on what they call a one China policy, and Taiwan is a renegade province of said China. And Donald Trump didn t know that, and picked up the phone and started yammering away, and… the media ate his ass up. And I m not gonna lie, I was laughing, I was like, Oh, shit. This dumb motherfucker is in trouble. And then that night, I was in bed drifting off to sleep, and then, I had to admit it to myself. I was like… I didn t know that shit, either. And then I realized the media got the story wrong. The story wasn t that Donald Trump took the call. The biggest story is that nobody told Donald Trump not to take the call. That s terrifying. Goddamn, nigga, you don t have a Mac Mittens on your team? It wasn t like they were calling the White House. They were calling the switchboard at Trump Tower, and they were getting through, anybody. Mr. President, there s a Rikki-Tikki-Tavi on the phone for you.  Yes, put him through. Hello. Hello, Rikki-Tikki. Good to talk to you.  Mr. President, there s a John Jacob Jingleheimer Schmidt on the phone.  His name is my name, too. Put him through. Hello. Hello, John Jacob. Let s talk business. How many people in this room are not originally from the United States? -Round of applause. -[applauding] Where are you from, bro? You right there. [man] Iraq. You re from Iraq? Ewww! I m just fucking around. How long you been here in the country? [man] Twenty-three years. Twenty-three years? Are you a citizen yet? You are? Congratulations, nigga. Congratulations. Well, welcome to this great land. You know, I m gonna give you a history lesson, cause I m sure this wasn t on your entry exam. But every naturalized American has heard something about what I m about to tell you. Picture, it s the early 50s in the United States. This 14-year-old boy goes down… from Chicago to Mississippi to meet his extended family for the first time. He d never been to Mississippi. And before he went, his mother said to him, very pointedly, she said, If a white man looks you in your eyes in Mississippi, look away. And I don t know what you know about black people from Chicago, but they re not a scared people. Legend has it, he was in front of a convenience store, hanging out with his cousins, having a good time, and a white woman walked out of the store, and he thought she was pretty, and he said… [wolf whistles] Bye, baby. Not realizing that he had just made a fatal mistake. Four days later… Four days later, a group of adult white men burst into this family s home and snatched a 14-year-old boy out of bed, in front of his family that was powerless to stop them, and he was never seen alive again. His name was Emmett Till. They found his body maybe a few days later. It was in a creek, tied to a wheel so it would sink, horribly beaten and bloated. Hideous. And lucky for everybody in America… his mother was a fucking gangster. She was. If you can imagine , in the very midst of a mother s worst nightmare, this woman had the foresight to think about everybody. She said, Leave my son s casket open. She said, The world needs to see what they did to my baby. And every publication here in the United States, from Jet magazine all the way to the New York Times, had this boy s horribly bloated body on its cover. And if our Civil Rights Movement was a car, this boy s dead body was premium gas. This was a very definitive moment in American history, where every thinking and feeling person was like… Yuck! We gotta do better than this. And they fought beautifully, and here we all are. And the reason that I bring that up tonight and why it s relevant now, is because less than a year ago, the woman that he allegedly whistled at… admitted on her deathbed… that she lied in her court testimony. And you can imagine, when we read that shit, we was like, Ooh! You lying-ass, bitch. Was furious. That was my initial reaction. And initial reactions, we all learned as we get older, are often wrong or more often incomplete. They call this phenomenon standing too close to an elephant. The analogy being that if you stand too close to an elephant, you can t see the elephant. All you see is its penis-like skin. You gotta step back and give it a better look. And on stepping back and thinking about it for a few moments, I realized that it must have been very difficult for this woman to tell a truth that heinous about herself at any point in her life. Even the very end. And I was grateful that she had the courage to tell it before she left this world. Because it s an important truth and we needed to know. And I said to myself, Well, thank you for telling the truth… you lying-ass bitch. [audience cheering] And then time goes on, and then after time, you can kind of see the whole elephant. And it s humbling. ‘Cause you realize that this woman lied and that lie caused a murder. But that murder set in motion a sequence of events that made my wonderful life possible. That made this very night possible. How could this be that this lie could make the world a better place? It s maddening. And that s how I feel about this president. I feel like this motherfucker might be the lie that saves us all. Because I have never felt more American than when we all hate on this motherfucker together. Jesus Christ. It s good. And when it happens, I can see everybody that s stuggling. So if I m on stage and I tell a joke that makes you want to beat up a transgender, then you re probably a piece of shit and don t come see me anymore. Or if you don t understand that when a football player takes a knee during the national anthem, he s actually standing up for me, then you might not want to fuck with me anymore. ‘Cause I swear no matter how bad it gets, you re my countrymen, and I know for a fact that I m determined to work shit out with y all. And if that woman that said that heinous lie was alive today, I would thank her for lying. And then I would kick her in the pussy. Thank you very much, Washington, DC. God bless you and good night. [cheering] [ Reaching Through the Darkness playing] ? Reaching through the darkness… ? [crowd continuing cheering] ? Just like Him Breaking through the darkness ? [man rapping] ? Hey, yo, Material All right, could dry the tears ? ? Of a thousand peers For a thousand years ? ? And a thousand cheers Born to erase my fears ? ? I m better off living life Where Jesus is ? ? Not an atheist But them Christian kids ? ? A little too judgmental About my sins ? ? And I aim to win But I miss the mark ? ? Paul, Peter and Joseph Will now depart ? ? But I follow my heart Without any disguise ? ? Blood dripping from my sleeve ‘Cause my heart don t see ? ? That intentions are public With smiles and positivity ? ? Behind a fake is a snake That could murder me, murder! ? ? Life s filled With things you never heard-a ? ? Been trying to get in Since nigga s was really word up ? ? Struggles that I ve been through Make the average man curl up ? ? Godson, Coming, Grandma Saying, Hurry up! ? ? Yeah! ? [vocalizing] [woman] ? Reaching out for dreams Just like me ? ? Reaching through the darkness ? ? Glorious as a daybreak is ? ? Just like Him Ringing through the darkness ? [man rapping] ? Hey, yo Scriptures I spit ? ? They be glossy in nature ? ? Themes that I dream in my mind Might save ya ? ? I am no savior Seen as an ambassador ? ? And dance around the bull With a cape like a matador ? I m rich, biatch! [audience cheering]

DAVE CHAPPELLE@THE BIRD REVELATION@2017@[Dave Chappelle] Sometimes, the funniest thing to say is mean. You know what I mean? It s a tough position to be in. So I say a lot of mean things, but you guys got to remember. I m not saying it to be mean. I m saying it because it s funny. [audience laughing] And everything s funny till it happens to you. [laughing] [ Revelations playing] [man rapping] ? Revelation ? [girl echoing] Don t stop. Keep on… – [man] ? Sunshine ? ? Ecstatic ? ? Flaco ? [woman] ? Boogieman ? [man] ? I m standing in the sun Getting black as I want ? ? You playing good D And that ain t backing me up ? ? Sky woke a baby Ain t no jackin my hem ? ? I got a whole lot to say So I ain t talking to them ? ? I hear knees dropping I turn it up louder ? ? Black freedom, black genius Black power ? ? Black ink For printing the black dollar ? ? Until I CIA ? ? I say, Now what? ? Phew. Well, it s the last show. Here we are. Los Angeles. The world capital of… rape and dick breath. [laughing] The fuck has been going on out here? [laughing] Keeps getting worse. Just when you think it can t get worse, they got Charlie Rose today. [laughing] It s going to be a quiet morning on the news tomorrow. [laughing] Charlie Rose. Who s next? Captain Kangaroo? [laughing] Everybody is raping like hotcakes. I, for one, am starting to get worried. You know, I ve been in show business 30 years. I had no idea how much danger I was in. [laughing] It s really some scary shit. I gotta tell you. Harvey Weinstein‘s probably the first person that I ever looked at a photograph of and was like, Yeah, he rapes. [laughing] I m not sure this motherfucker has a choice. Not a handsome man. A lot of meat and extra skin on his face. Yeah, he s ugly. You know, the sad part is he s done so well in life, he probably doesn t know he s ugly. You know, when you re good-looking, everybody will tell you. Oh, you look wonderful, you re so great looking. But when you re ugly. You gotta figure that shit out for yourself. [laughing] It s a lot of putting clues together, really is. Why am I not getting in the club? I got all the right shit on. [laughing] If it was Brad Pitt doing that shit, you wouldn t have heard a peep. Girl would ve just come back down like, I got the part. [laughing] [applause] Yuck! [man] Good one. Yet, and yet, it is important that I acknowledge ladies. You are absolutely right. There you go. And we gotta all be mindful of that, guys, because… this could have happened to any of us. It could of happened to me. I can see that. I see myself showing up, Hi, I m here for my three a.m. with Mr. Weinstein. [laughing] Hey, Harvey, I got your text. I m here to talk about the script. [laughing] Seems like it s going to be hard to read in candlelight, but I guess I could try. [laughing] Sound like a fucking nightmare. Could you imagine that shit? Could you imagine you was in a business meeting and a motherfucker pulled their dick out? [laughing] In the middle of the meeting? I d be like, Yo! Yo, my man, that is the most unprofessional shit I ve ever seen. In all my days. [grunting] [laughing] Just let me finish, Dave Chappelle. [laughing] [grunts] I ll put you in all three Lord of the Rings.  [laughing] [applause] [chuckles] Hurry up, nigga. I have other meetings, you know. [laughing] I have a 4:30 a.m. at Brett Ratner s house, and uh… [laughing] [chuckles] I believe it s a wardrobe fitting. [laughing] [laughs] Wow. I mean, it is really bad out here, isn t it? Kevin Spacey is out here, grabbing men by the pussy. [laughing] I didn t even know that was possible. Jesus Christ. He got the guy from Star Trek: The Next Generation. That s who he– that s who he got. The last time. It sounded like he was more than that, but… that s who– that s who set it off. He was 14-years-old. And Kevin Spacey accosted him at a party, which I gotta say, by the way, just for the record, I went to a lot of parties in my day. Never been to a good one that had 14-year-old boys in it. [laughing] Not even when I was 13, you know what I mean. [laughing] Who was the kicker with a bunch of Hubba Bubba chewing nigga s like… [chewing] I m having a good time, nigga. [chewing] [chuckles] Yuck. Ironically, the kid grew up to be gay anyway. Which means… Kevin Spacey can sniff that shit out like a truffle pig. [sniffs] Yeah, he s one of me. And not to victim blame, but it seems like the kind of situation that a gay 14-year-old would get himself into. [laughs] I know I didn t say that right, but it s true, nigga, like… You know why I said that though? ‘Cause I went to an arts high school. And, like, all them nigga s was gay, man. Like, in a high school, all them dudes was gay. And them gay dudes is way more mature than the rest of us. And we didn t know why, we just knew they was mature. Ever seen a gay dude at lunch? Perfect posture, they just sitting there. [laughing] Eating responsibly. Then they take that thermos out. You be like, What the fuck is that? [laughing] Is this nigga drinking wine with lunch?  [laughing] We didn t know what it was. Because we were young boys just trying to figure out who we were. And we didn t realize these gay dudes were fighting to be who they knew they already were. Some impressive shit. They were fearless, the gay kids. Fucking fearless. I ve never seen a scared gay dude in my life. What kind of man has no fear? You could be tied up in a hostage situation with a gay dude, and them nigga s still be like, I m thirsty.  Shh. Shh! [laughing] I m thirsty, David. I need something to drink.  Shh. [laughing] Well, then shoot me. I would rather die of a bullet than dehydration. nigga, I am thirsty. I need some water. [laughing] All jokes aside, Kevin Spacey shouldn t have done that shit to that kid. He was 14-years-old and was forced to carry a grown man s secret. For 30 years. Jesus Christ, he must have been busting at the seams with that one. The saddest part is, if he were able to carry that secret for six more months, I would get to know how House of Cards ends. [laughing] Yep, ladies and gentlemen, these are dark… [laughing] dark, dark times. New York Times said that Louis CK jizzed on his own stomach. [laughing] [chuckles] Now, I ve busted a lot of nuts in my day. None of them were newsworthy. [laughing] [chuckles] Shit was really gross. ‘Cause they didn t just say it like I said it. They didn t just say, Jizz on the stomach. They said it in that fucking Pulitzer prize-winning style that the New York Times has. It was very descriptive, like, you know what I mean? Louis CK s semen shot out like a volcano of misogyny , slowly drizzling down like lava , covering his freckled penis as it slowly dripped to a fiery crown of red hair. [laughing] Like, Jesus Christ, I m trying to eat some huevos rancheros, and this nigga is… [laughing] [laughs] And you know the tough part of being a comedian is knowing the motherfuckers. Everybody comes up to me like, Did you know? Did you know what Louis was doing?  No, bitch. I did not know. [laughing] The fuck you think we talk about at the comedy club? Hey, how was the weekend?  Great, man. I was just jerking off in faces and cumming on my own stomach, having a good time. You know how this business is. [laughing] No, I didn t know. They act like we sit around like Grease. ? Tell me more, tell me more Did she put up a fight? ? [hums melody] [laughing] [chuckles] Sorry, I don t know the choreography, but you get the point. You get the point. [chuckles] Shit was intense. [laughing] But Louis was like the turning point. I mean, you know, all these allegations are terrible. Louis s was the only– I shouldn t say this but fuck it, his allegation was the only one that made me like laugh. [laughing] Well, if you think about it… [laughing] Because all his friends are reading it and he s jerking off and he s surprising people. He s surprising them, he s jerking off. [laughing] I just picture all the comics in comedy just reading that like, What? [laughing] It s terrible. I know, it s terrible. I m sorry, ladies. You re right. You are right. But at the same time, I mean, you know what I mean. I don t know. Jesus Christ, they took everything from Louis. That was like… I don t know, it might be disproportionate. I can t tell. I can t tell. This is like where it s hard to be a man. One lady said, Louis CK masturbated in front of me, ruined my comedy dreams. Word? [laughing] Well, then I dare say, Madam, you may have never had a dream. [laughing] Come on, man. That s a brittle spirit. [laughing] That is a brittle-ass spirit. That shit is too much. This is a grown-ass woman. You know what this shit is like? It s like COINTELPRO. You know what that is? It s the programming the FBI had on J. Edgar Hoover. In this program, one of the many things they did was they would track the sexual habits of anyone they considered an enemy of the state. It s a loop button. That s why they ve got all these fucking sex tapes with Martin Luther King fucking bitches. But lucky for us, he actually had a dream. -[laughing] -[applause] You think if Louis CK jerked off in front of Dr. King, he d be like, I can t continue this movement. [laughing] I m sorry, but the freedom of black people must be stopped. I didn t know this nigga was going to pull this dick out and jerk off like this. I just thought we were gonna get a couple drinks and chill. [laughing] [chuckles] Show business is just harder than that. Them women sounding like… I hate to say it, y all, they sound weak. I know it sounds fucked up. I m not supposed to say that, but one of these ladies was like, Louis CK was masturbating while I was on the phone with him. Bitch, you don t know how to hang up a phone? [laughing] How the fuck are you going to survive in show business if this is an actual obstacle to your dreams? I know Louis is wrong, man. I m just saying, I m held to a higher standard of accountability than these women are. Don t forget who I am. Don t forget what I am. I am a black dude. And don t ever forget how I got here. My ancestors were kidnapped. I don t even know where the fuck I m from. They were put on the bottom of boats. They sailed them across the Atlantic. Many of them died. Only the strongest survived. And once they got here, they beat the humanity out of my people. They turned us into beasts of burdens. They made us do their work, and the irony is, hundreds of years later they re calling us lazy. We fought in the Civil War. We damn near freed ourselves. Then, with Reconstruction, black people did great. My great-grandfather was a very wealthy man. But then the Black Codes came, Jim Crow came, and it was a hundred years of unspeakable oppression again. Lynchings, all kinds of terroristic acts to keep us in the margins of society. Yet, we still fought. And Dr. King was born. And then, things got better. Twenty years after Dr. King was assassinated, Michael Jackson was moonwalking on television. Something, something, something. Barack Obama. [laughing] Donald Trump and… Now here we all are. 400-year nightmare. Took us 400 years to figure out as a people that white people s weakness the whole time was kneeling during the national anthem. [laughing] That s a brittle spirit. That s right, nigga . ? On the rockets red glare… ? [screaming] What are you doing, nigga? Stand up! -[laughing] -[applause] The vice president of the United States got involved. Mike Pence got involved. He went to the game himself. These n i g g e r s will have to stand when they see me. And all the football players looked up in the stands and saw Mike Pence. Is that Mike Pence? Come on, y all. Wu Tang bow. [screams] Foiled. [laughing] Brittle spirit. I could kill every white person in America at one time. Know how I d do it? I would just wait for the Super Bowl. Right when they sang the national anthem, I d have OJ Simpson walk to the 50-yard line with them bad knees. [laughing] Is that OJ Simpson on the field? What the hell s he doing here?  Oh, I know what he s gonna do. Stop him! [laughing] [screams] You gotta man the fuck up, yo. I don t mean to be disrespectful, because I know you re upset with what I said. But, you know, I know you re– I know you re right. But come on, baby, it s me. I was right once, remember that? [laughing] Does anybody remember when I was missing from show business for 12 years? Remember when I had this really popular show and I quit? I remember I walked away from $50 million. A lot harder than walking away from Louis freckled dick. [laughing] [applause] I didn t know that I d ever work again. And yet, here I am tonight. Did my dream die? No. [laughing] I remember that shit. You don t remember that, when I quit my shit? On the way out the door I said, Something s wrong in Hollywood. I believe they said I smoked crack. That s what I remember. I remember they called me crazy. So really, you know, you re right, ladies. Congratulations. Enjoy it. And they re coming for you, bitches. [laughing] They re coming for you. [mumbles] One person that s uncomfortable– Know who s the most uncomfortable motherfucker in the room? The nigga that s right. I was right at an orgy once. Nobody fucked me. [laughing] I was just walking around like Tom Cruise at the movies, just looking. [laughing] And ruined the whole orgy by accident. It s easier to ruin an orgy than you think. All you gotta do is wait for it to get kind of quiet and then go, Eww. [laughing] [laughs] [sighs] [laughs] And I feel bad. But I just feel like this is all happening for a reason. And, ladies, I want you to win this fight. Ten years ago I might have been scared, but, you know, I got a daughter now. So if you win, she wins. So I m rooting for you. And I agree with you. At least, ideologically, I do. I don t know if the– I don t know if you re doing it right, but I mean, who am I to say? I don t think you re wrong. I just think that… You can t make a lasting peace this way. You got all the bad guys scared. And that s good, but the minute they re not scared anymore, it will get worse than it was before. Fear does not make lasting peace. Ask black people. And that s what it is. What this city really needs… Without irony, I ll say this. The cure for LA is in South Africa. You motherfuckers need truth and reconciliation with one another. Because the end of apartheid should have been a fucking bloodbath by any metric in human history, and it wasn t. The only reason it wasn t is because Desmond Tutu and Mandela and all these guys figured out that if a system is corrupt, then the people who adhere to the system and are incentivized by that system are not criminals. They are victims, and the system itself must be tried, but because of how systems work is so compartmentalized as far as information , the only way we can figure out what the system is is if everybody says what they did. Tell him how you participated. Because men want to help, they re just scared. Ben Affleck tried to help. What happened to these ladies is disgusting.  Oh, nigga, you grabbed a titty in 95.  All right, fellas, I m out. [laughing] Fuck that, I ain t helping. I just want to help. I want to be a good guy. Like, I can t even say the word me too anymore. A nigga was like, Dave, I m going to the comedy club. I was like, I am also going to the comedy club. [laughing] And I didn t even know it was happening, but I guess I became like a feminist in the last three weeks because I can t watch porn the same. Like, I watch it sometimes, but I can t– I can t click on these motherfucking thumbnails, not with those titles. Guy crams young girl in the ass with hard rod. I can t click on that. Come on, nigga. Give me something I can click on. Dude gets sucked off by a midget.  Little person! I say to myself. [laughing] Takes me hours to find one clip. What the hell is this? Marginally groomed feminist enjoys consensual sex with… vaguely homosexual guy whose penis is the same color as mine. Click. [laughing] [laughs] [whooshing] A lot of black dudes haven t been getting me too-ed. I don t want to jinx myself. You know why, though? Obviously, black women go through the same thing, right? The reason is because black women from slavery won t tell on us. Because they know that no matter how bad we black dudes are, white dudes are very mean. They re scared to see us get punished. My wife is Asian. She d tell on me in a goddamn second. [laughing] [laughs] Ain t no fucking up in the Chappelle household. The wildest shit about it is I live in Trump country. I live amongst the tiki torch whites. Poor white people. And I m rich. If it s ever pitchfork time, nigga, I m in a lot of trouble. [laughing] And nobody in my family believes me. I ve been trying to tell the kids, We gotta run these drills. They re like, We don t wanna run your stupid drills. [laughing] Too bad, son. You have to. If tiki torch whites come outside, what are you guys supposed to do?  Come on, Dad.  What are you guys supposed to do?  Squint our eyes and stand next to Mom.  That s right. -[laughing] -[applause] And what are you gonna bring me?  Your gun and your groundskeeper uniform.  That s right. [laughing] I ll go outside and see what they want. [laughing] It is wild, bro. Where you from, man? Hmm? Where you from? -New York. -You from what, Manhattan? Brooklyn. You are from Brooklyn, aren t you? You look like you can rob somebody with a hammer. [laughing] Brooklyn nigga s rob you with shit they find around the house. [laughing] I just got stabbed with a toothbrush. This nigga must be from Brooklyn. [laughing] I m fucking around. Yeah, man. Well, you ladies were right. Be honest with you, your lives look terrifying to me. They do. Man, I know nothing about being a woman, but I know fear. Yo, I used to live in New York when I was 17. I couldn t even pay my bills. You know what I did to make money? I used to do shows for drug dealers that wanted to clean their money up. One time I did a real good set, and these motherfuckers called me in the back room. They gave me $25,000 in cash. I was probably 18, 19 years old. I was scared. I thanked them profusely, I put that money in my backpack, I jumped on the subway and started heading towards Brooklyn at one in the morning. Never been that terrified in my life. Because I d never in my life had something that somebody else would want. I thought to myself, Jesus Christ, if these motherfuckers knew how much money I had in this backpack, they d kill me for it. Then I thought, Holy shit. What if I had a pussy on me all the time? [laughing] That s what women are dealing with. I m going to tell you right now. [cheering] It s real talk. If them same drug dealers gave me a pussy and said, Put this in your backpack and take it to Brooklyn, I d be like, nigga, I can t accept this. [laughing] I empathize, man, you know. Everybody gets mad because I say these jokes, but you gotta understand that this is the best time to say them. More now than ever, and I know there s some comedians in the back. Motherfucker, you have a responsibility to speak recklessly. Otherwise my kids may never know what reckless talk sounds like. The joys of being wrong. I didn t come here to be right, I just came here to fuck around. It s hot in here suddenly, isn t it? Wonder where that heat came from. [exhales] I wonder what happened to me. Where did I go for 12 years if I wasn t raped? [laughing] [laughs] Maybe there s something else going on. Maybe these rapes aren t even the worst of it. Wouldn t that be something? Wouldn t that be something? You can go to the bathroom, Brooklyn, you don t need to hear this shit. [laughing] [chuckles] You see that motherfucker right there? He s under an enormous amount of pressure. He is. Just being big and black with that hairdo, nigga, these motherfuckers are a suspect for everything. [laughing] Except white collar crime. [laughing] [laughs] [sighs] Sometimes I want to talk about where I went, but y all don t want to know. I was gone for a long time, nigga. I was in the upside down. [laughing] Scary being a white dude now, isn t it? A little bit, no? Well, you re not going to get me too-ed. You know what I mean. It s funny for a black dude to see white people go through this because this is how it always is for us. All my heroes were either murdered by the government or… are registered sex offenders. [laughing] Sad. I know, man. We ve already been through it. Like Michael Jackson. Remember when they said all that shit? They never proved anything till his dying day. But they said that he did some very heinous things. And one time I watched a documentary about it. They were talking all this shit Michael Jackson allegedly did, and as they were saying all these allegations, they started showing pictures of his home– Neverland Ranch. You ve ever seen Michael Jackson s house on television? Um… Well, the short of it is there s a lot of things for kids to do at that place. [laughing] And I saw the whole thing. Exotic animals and Ferris wheels and merry-go-rounds and shit. And the more they showed it, the more certain I was that… I don t think Michael Jackson did any of those things they said he did. His house didn t look sexual. It looked like… he was flossing with those motherfuckers. [laughing] Didn t look like he s trying to fuck kids, looked like he s trying to impress em. Like, this nigga s Jay-Z for kids. [laughing] He s just walking through his house. This is my cotton candy machine. It makes three tons of cotton candy a day. You can have all the cotton candy you want. [laughing] This closet is filled with nothing but custom-made karate slippers. Isn t that cool? [laughing] Shall I have my monkey bring us more cupcakes? [laughing] Hey, guys, let s watch a movie. What movie do you want to see? Home Alone? No, don t touch the DVD player. Macaulay Culkin s here, he can act it out. Come on, Macaulay. Act out Home Alone for my guest.  And the kids were like, Man, you are all right, mister. [laughing] This is fantastic, man. We had you all wrong.  Hmm? [laughing] All wrong? What? I don t understand. What do you mean?  Huh? Oh, well, you know, man. We thought it was gonna be the usual. You were gonna have us come over and give some wine cooler and… you know, suck our dicks. [laughing] What? Suck your dicks? Ooh, you faggot ass kids! [laughing] Nobody trying to suck your dick, nigga. I was trying to show you a better life. [laughing] Bubbles. Get these kids the fuck out of my house. You re just like everyone else. Hollywood is no place for moral absolutism. You know what I mean? We must never forget that R. Kelly peed on a 15-year-old girl. [laughing] And he also wrote I Believe I Can Fly. [laughing] Same guy, same lifetime. [laughing] If I showed you that video of him peeing on that girl, and scored it to I Believe I Can Fly, you d be torn. ? I used to think that I could not go on ? You wouldn t know how to feel. ? If I can see it ? [laughing] It s okay, my career ended many years ago. [laughing] Order. [laughing] I know, I m terrible, I m terrible. I m sorry, everybody. I m sorry. [exhales] Wanna know what happened to me? [audience] Yes. Nah. [laughing] It s tempting, but I don t want to talk about it. Maybe at the end. When I run out of things to talk about. Actually, I m almost there. [laughing] I m just trying to tell you what happened to me was not– I just didn t have a good go of it. I don t know what you guys think happens when you quit a successful show. I ll tell you what doesn t happen. They don t go, Hey, good luck with your future endeavors. [laughing] That s not what happens. It was cold out there. For real, I had to watch it all go down without me. I had to watch all those people do my show. Key & Peele and Amy Schumer and… Mind of Mencia. I m not gonna say they were doing my show. I m just saying they were awfully similar. I was mad. People would come up to me on the street, Yo, nigga. Most people thought I was crazy, but sometimes people come, Yo, nigga, you did the right thing, man. You my hero. nigga, I don t want to be your hero. I want to be rich. [laughing] Never choose to be a hero, cause heroes die uncomfortable deaths. All I wanted to be was Paul Revere. I just needed one heroic moment, you understand? Paul Revere s Ride was only one night. And then 40 years of him being like, Hey, y all, remember that time everybody was asleep, and I was up, and the British was coming? Boy, it s a good thing I was awake, nigga, everybody be dead. Psh. [laughing] That s why I want to start a GoFundMe for Colin Kaepernick. I do, man. I m fascinated with him. I want to make sure he never has to play football again. He can if he wants to. I just don t want to have to. ‘Cause why the fuck not? I know he s rich and people d be like, I m not giving a GoFundMe to rich dude. But you should. You should because that motherfucker s life was going great. He s so light skinned, he didn t have to say he was black. [laughing] And yet, he took a knee during that anthem for us. Thought about us when things were going good, when his belly was full, when he was– He didn t think about his livelihood or any of that, and they took his livelihood away from him. Like, man, that shouldn t be the way it is. Every fucking person that takes a stand for somebody else always gets beat down. And we watch. Over and over and over again, we watch it. We should pay those motherfuckers for blowing the whistle, because they make our lives better, and we could change the narrative. We could make one motherfucker have a good outcome for doing the right thing and that would make another motherfucker brave enough to do the right thing. And if you did that, the nigga s like Harvey Weinstein wouldn t rape for 40 years because a bitch want a stupid ass part. We should take care of each other. Wouldn t it be nice to be like, Remember that time he was gonna kill Jesus but then he got all that money? [laughing] Real talk, man. It s not a racial thing. It s about us making our society better. It s about like even these women that are coming forward, and everyone says they re brave, and many of them are. And a few of them– a few of them sucked the dick and got buyer s remorse. [laughing] You know, that s a huge omission from this narrative. This wouldn t have gone this far if some women weren t willing to do it. You can t ask every woman to hold the line. Some women can carry things heavier than others. So we should fight for one another. We should forgive the ones of us that are weaker and support the ones of us that are stronger. And then we can beat the thing. If you guys keep going after individuals, the system is going to stay intact. You have to have men on your side. And I m telling you right now, you re gonna have a lot of imperfect allies. I ll tell you what happened, but I can t say it directly. There s a book to me that encapsulates my entire experience. Before I left the show. And the book is called Pimp. It s written by a guy named Iceberg Slim. Yeah, bring it up here. This is Matthew. Matthew s from France. He s white. And yet, he has an original copy of this book written by a black American who was a pimp in the 40s. Iceberg Slim. His real name was Robert Beck. He got the name Iceberg because he was in a bar in Chicago, and there was a shootout in the bar, and a bullet went through this nigga s hat, and he still finished his drink. Pimps love shit like that. They said, Man, you re ice cold. And he said, I like that. And it stuck. This book is so heavy in the front and has a glossary of pimp terms, because the ideas are so foreign to the American ears. For instance, do you know what the phrase mileage on a ho means? [laughing] Of course you don t. Mileage on a ho is a very wild concept. It means that pimps understand there s a finite amount of bad shit a person can do before they lose their fucking mind. And a good pimp can look at a woman that he s never seen before and call it. She s good for 500 fucks. That s her mileage. Anything over that, that bitch is gonna spill. They do it to you. Why the fuck you think most of us work from nine to five? ‘Cause nine to six might kill a bitch. [laughing] Iceberg Slim was the one that broke down what a bottom bitch was. Does anyone know what a bottom bitch is? Anyone? What s a bottom bitch, sir? It s your, uh– it s your prostitute that s the best out of all of em, that bring in the most money. That s right. That s exactly right. Are you black? [laughing] That s right. A bottom bitch is a pimp s number one ho. She s even a bitch that helps him keep the other bitches in line. I will repeat. She s even the bitch that helps him keep the other bitches in line. If the pimp was McDonald s, then the bottom bitch is his French fries. [laughing] The rest of them bitches like fish sandwiches and cherry pies and shit like that. [laughing] Iceberg Slim breaks down some of the coldest capitalist concepts I ve ever heard in my life. He describes in detail how these men break women so that they will give them the money that they make with their own bodies. There s a story in here so cold, it makes me shudder to think about it. Iceberg Slim is trying to control the woman that he finds uncontrollable. So he asks an older pimp how he can rein her in. And the older pimp says, Oh, that s easy, Iceberg. All you have to do is beat that bitch with a coat hanger. And then run her a bath. And give her some pills. She ll be so grateful that you fixed her, that she ll forget you were the motherfucker that beat her in the first place. That s some cold shit. Now. At the end of this book, Iceberg Slim tells a story. It s kind of the crescendo of the book. And in the story, Iceberg Slim s bottom bitch is at the end of her mileage. If she was good for 500 fucks, she was at for 498. [laughing] She was bubbling, you could see it. She was going crazy. She started saying all kinds of shit. I always wanted to be in the circus. Circus? This bitch is losing it. [laughing] I can juggle, too, you know? Juggle? [laughing] He had to let her go. It was hard to let a bottom bitch go, and he wasn t ready to let her go because his organization couldn t handle losing her. But she didn t know that. She didn t know how important she was. So what he did was, he called her to ignite her. He said, Look, bitch, you and I got to part ways. She said, Fine, motherfucker, I don t need you anyway, because I know somebody at Ringling Brothers. He was like, All right, whatever. [laughing] I got one last trick for you. It s a big money trick. You do this for me, you get paid, I get paid, and we go our separate ways. She said, Fine, motherfucker, what do you want me to do? He said, Okay, there s a guy in that hotel across the street. He s waiting for you in room number seven. I want you to go over there and fuck him. But before you do, I need to put some of this stuff in his drink. And then he s gonna fall asleep. When he does, his briefcase on his bed, bring the briefcase to me. That s the trick, bitch. Can you handle it? She said, Fuck yeah, I can. I can t wait to get rid of you. And then she ran outside, jumped on a unicycle and peddled across the street. [laughing] And Iceberg watched her. He s like, Man, she s pretty good. [laughing] If I never jerked off in her face, maybe she would ve been in the circus now. [laughing] [laughs] And she runs up the motel steps and disappears in room number seven. She s gone for a real long time. Real long time. So long, in fact, that Iceberg got a little worried. But then, suddenly, she came back. [gasps] He says, Where s the briefcase? She said, I didn t get it, Daddy.  What do you mean you didn t? What s wrong with you? She said, I did everything you said, but that man didn t look right. Something wrong, Daddy.  What do you mean? Did you put that stuff in his drink?  I did everything you said, Daddy. I put all of it in his drink. He said, Wait a minute, bitch, you put all of it in his drink? Now he had to see for himself. So the two of them go to the motel, and they go into room number seven. And on the bed laying lifelessly is the white man that she was supposed to fuck. Iceberg said, You right, bitch. He don t look good. What the fuck? So he called a friend of his that was a doctor that was close by. And the doctor came in, gave the guy a thorough examination and told them both what was obvious. Slim, this motherfucker is dead.  Oh, God, Daddy. Oh, no. Oh, no. We killed him! He said, Calm down, bitch. We didn t do anything. [laughing] You killed this motherfucker. And then he reached on the bed and he grabbed the briefcase. He popped it open. It was filled with money. More than any of them had ever seen. Iceberg took a little bit of the money and gave it to the doctor, and the doctor left discreetly. All right, bitch, let me think. [sighs] I can fix this for you. I know somebody I can call. But if I call him, I m gonna owe these motherfuckers a big favor.  Oh, God, Daddy, please. I don t want to go to jail.  Neither do I, bitch, so you shut up. He picked up the phone. She heard him mumbling in the phone a little bit. He hung up the phone, and then she was pacing the room, and he was just standing there cool, and they were waiting and waiting, and then suddenly, a van pulled up downstairs. Two guys get out with a carpet. They walk upstairs, they roll that carpet out on the floor, they throw the body in the carpet. They roll that motherfucker up like a burrito, they pick that shit up, and they throw it in the back of the van. They come back up and Iceberg opens the briefcase again and gives them a little money. He says, I ll get in touch with you guys later. They say, You re not going to get in touch with us, we ll find you. He said, Whatever, nigga. And they bounced. Oh, God, Daddy. Oh, God. He says, Relax, bitch. Listen. We getting the fuck out of here. You go downstairs and you get the car. We gotta leave separately. She went, she got the car. Iceberg grabbed that briefcase, waited a few minutes, looked out the window, and then he went down with her. They both got in the car, and they drove off. She was a blubbering mess. Oh! Oh, we did all this shit! He said, I told you bitch. We didn t do anything. You killed the motherfucker, and I cleaned him up, and now we got us a secret. Okay? I know I m not going to tell, bitch, is you?  Oh, no, I ain t gonna tell. He said, All right, baby, cool. I m gonna need you to stay with me for a while till this shit cools down. She goes, Okay, okay. Okay. That s the game. That s how the whole shit works, ladies. You understand? This bitch was at the end of her mileage. She was at for 498, she ended up tricking for Iceberg for another six months. She must have turned another 200 tricks for him. Do you understand? That s some cold shit. And the cold shit about it is that the dead guy on the bed wasn t even dead at all. This motherfucker was just a friend of Iceberg s acting like he s asleep. The doctor wasn t a doctor. He was a motherfucking butcher that happened to have a white coat. [laughing] And the dudes who came in the moving van clothes was dressed like movers because they were movers. Iceberg had gotten a new apartment. [laughing] And the bag of money… was Iceberg s money in the first place. The money he got from all those women. That s a cold game. That s the motherfucking capitalist manifesto, and that s why I went to South Africa. So now we got us a little secret, bitch. [laughing] [ Revelations playing] ? And cc a central bank ? ? Loose change body slamming Big money tanks ? ? We tell God thanks ? ? Ya ll tellin us that God don t rank ? ? That s why your breath stank, yuck! ? ? Lay off the bacon and the smokes ? ? Quit laying off the good working folks ? ? Quit the hoax ? ? And lay off the corny color jokes ? ? Corn chili to populate A color is woke ? ? Ya big dope, yuck! ? ? Keep em out your face Keep em in your prayers ? ? Either that Or keep em in the crosshairs ? ? Better still Keep an even dose of each ? ? ‘Cause until you get justice You won t get peace ? ? Peace, peace, peace, peace, peace ? ? The gunshot that said ba-da-da-day ? ? Ba-da-da-da-da-day ? ? Ba-da-da-da-da-da-day, hey! ? ? They shout peace, peace, peace ? ? They shout peace, peace, peace ? ? The firefight lit, ba-da-da-day ? ? Ba-da-da-da-da-day ? ? Ba-da-da-da-da-da-day, hey! ? ? Rumors and rumors and rumors of war ? ? Can I get better? Don t know what that s for ? ? And more ? ? Rumors and rumors and rumors of war ? ? Killers just killing Don t know what they kill for ? ? And more ? ? Rumors and rumors and rumors of war ? ? Can I get better? Don t know what that s for ? ? And more ? ? Rumors and rumors and rumors of war ? ? War ? ? Revelations ? [girl] Don t stop. Keep on. [man] I m rich, beyotch! [car horn honks]

RUSSELL HOWARD@RECALIBRATE@2017@Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome to the stage, Mr. Russell Howard! Thank you very much indeed. It s nice to be happy. ‘Cause the world s awful at the minute, isn t it? How depressing is the world? Look at politics in this country. The right are too right and the left are too left. And none of them speak for us. It s ridiculous. Brexit means Brexit. I want my country back. And over here it s just as bad. What are we gonna call female fishermen? It s not your country. Vag-anglers. Can we not… discuss something that matters? When the fuck did Piers Morgan become socially relevant? When did that happen? Every day that toxic prick s telling us what he thinks. He always says the same thing. l m just saying what the man in the street s thinking. Fuck off. I ll tell you what the man in the street s thinking. She s all right. What s for tea? l d like to be a Jedi. That s… That s what the man in the street is thinking. Piers Morgan doesn t speak for me, doesn t speak for you. No one knows what makes us happy. Do you know what makes me really, really happy? I like looking after my nephew. He s three. Lot of fun, hanging out with a three-year-old. ‘Cause you can teach them things and no one knows you did the teaching. Here is my gift from me to you. I taught my nephew to say this. Yes. You d like that, wouldn t you? It makes anything creepy. That is the beauty. It couldn t have worked better. My sister came home. She s like, Wes. Mum s back. Do you want a bath?  Yeah, you d like that, wouldn t you?  What have you done to my baby?  I ve made him better. Look at him. My brother taught him chat-up lines. Oh, my God. The day we had. We were in the park and this girl went, Oh, my God. He s so cute.  Are you a light switch? ‘Cause you re turning me on.  Make him stop.  Yeah, you d like that, wouldn t you? People are wonderful. They sometimes drift into your life and cheer you up. I was in an elevator in New York and two women started laughing. Proper, deep… I started laughing just because they were laughing. I said, What are we giggling at? This woman looked at me and went, Sugar, has anyone ever told you… you look like Ellen? And oh, my God. You ve… You ve never heard laughter like this. I looked at myself and said, l m fucking Ellen. I look like Ellen. That wasn t even the weirdest thing. One of them started squeezing her friend s breasts. Fifty years old. Honking each other. I ve never got more instantly English in my life. I genuinely said out loud, What s going on here? It was like a monocle fell down and I toppled off a pony. Listen to her answer. Still squeezing her friend s breast. She just went, It s her birthday. What a world. No man has got that excuse. Imagine that, mate. You re down the pub, just tickling your mate s… ‘Cause it s his birthday is why. Darren, come over here and tickle Dave s spuds. * For he s a jolly good fellow * I d quite like to be a lady, you know? When I was a kid, me and my brother used to play a game called Lady Wrestling. We stopped when we were seven cause Dad said, and I quote, You re going to jail. Do you know what we used to do? We used to tuck our willies between our legs and have a fight. That was it. Just… And the loser was the first person who was tickled enough that their willy fell out and they no longer resembled a woman. I can still see my dad s confused face. Just, What s that bloody noise?  I ll deal with it, darling. Don t you… Fuckin hell!  Morning.  Get your dick out of your ass and get ready for school!  Yeah, you d like that, wouldn t you? Yes! But I would. l d like to be a lady. It s the kindness that women show. When you re drunk, you re lovely to each other. I was in the tube recently. There s a load of girls, all a bit pissed. One of the girls got stuck in the tube door. None of her friends laughed. None of them. Sarah! They rescued her, started stroking her hair. I was scared, girls. I was scared. If that was a man, he d still be on the fucking Underground. Lads, seriously. It s moving now. Nyaah! Say hello to Facebook, you fat fuck. You re gonna die! Tickle his balls. Tickle his balls. That s what happens, isn t it? If one of your friends passes out, you don t look after him. Your weirdest mate will go up to him, get his balls out, pop them on his head or in his mouth. Do you ring the police? No. You take picture after picture. No woman has that story. That s why you re better than us. You ve never made that call. Gotta go, Steve. The usual s happening. Sarah s out cold and Linda s rubbing her fanny on her face. I gotta Snapchat this. Get a good one, Miriam. Get a good one. Hashtag muffling. Exactly. Muffling. I ve just invented a word… for a thing that will never happen. It s vital to laugh. Vital to laugh at yourself. I ve got a lazy eye. I know it looks silly. People often point that out. A woman came up to me recently and went, ‘Scuse me. When you cum, do your eyes look normal? I don t know. I ve never masturbated in front of a mirror. Imagine that with my girlfriend. Look at my eyes. Am I a real boy? It s good to laugh at ourselves, isn t it? I had a brilliant one recently, right. I was waiting for a train in Bristol. And because l m on the TV all the time, people were coming up to me and they were taking pictures. But they weren t asking. It was weird. l m stood there. Five different people. Hey, look. There you go. Five of them. l m stood there. I didn t know what to do. I was so embarrassed. Two little kids even went, Oh, yeah. Let s get him as well. I m so ashamed of what I said. This is the truth. I looked and went, Hey! Stop taking pictures of me! Come and have a chat! I obviously set myself to dickhead. This is what I said. I may be famous… but l m still a person. But this is where life is wonderful, because this bloke looked at me and went, Mate, you re stood next to a Pokémon. I nearly… Fuck! You have… You have to take things on the chin. It s vital to laugh, isn t it? And you never know when laughter s going to drift into your life. Like, I feel America s pain. When Trump was elected… My granddad died the same day that Trump was elected. It was like he was stood there, going, I ain t living through that shit. Night-night, everyone! But this is the truth. When I found out my granddad had died, and he meant everything to me, I was on holiday in Mexico. My mum rang me up. She started crying. Russell, your granddad s dead. And I started weeping with her. And yet, at the exact moment I found out that he was dead, there was a Mexican man who was five meters away from me, who just went… I started laughing. I couldn t help it. It was like the soul of my granddad was looking down, Russell looks a little bit upset. Beardy man, do the dance. And the funeral was even better. I ve never… It was so beautiful. My dad did a eulogy. Every word my dad said… Words became memories. They flew from his mouth. They soared into our heart. They made us cry happy tears. Could it get better? Yes, it could, my friends. Because my nan started heckling. Nothing prepares you for a moment like that. And she made me laugh at a funeral before. She was a funny, funny lady, my nan. We buried a dog, right? It was our dog. We buried the family dog and my mum went, Who would like to say good-bye? And my nan went… You know that feeling when you re not allowed to laugh? The head says no. The belly says yes. I went to a humanist wedding last year. I am not a bad guy. My friend got married. She walks down the aisle to the theme tune from Jurassic Park. My brother had a glass of water next to me and went… But that s my brother. I love him. You never know what he s gonna do. We were in New York earlier this year. There s a sign in the middle of Times Square that says, The worst thing you can do if you think you smell a gas leak is nothing. And I was like, Well, that s not true, is it? You could light a match. That s what I thought. My little brother looked at that same sign and went, Well, that s bollocks, isn t it, Russ? You could fuck a dog. Just saying that s probably the worst thing that you could do in that situation. ‘Can you smell gas? You start buggering someone s Labradoodle. Fucking Americans. You never know what he s gonna say. We met a girl who had nine fingers in New York. I said, What happened? She went, My little finger was bitten off by a wolf when I was four. Most people would edge away from that. Not my brother. Straightaway he went, Fucking hell. Bet you don t go to many rock gigs. And you know when you re like, Well, we re all going to die. She started laughing. They had sex that night. But sometimes he goes too far. There was an incident between my brother and my sister. l m not saying what he did was right. l m saying it was funny. Her husband was hit by a car. Yes. I think we can all agree that s very sad. He was riding his bike… Clink! And he broke both of his arms. My sister rang me up. She said, Russ. He s in hospital. He s okay. He s just broken his arms. Can you look after my baby? I was like, Of course I can. I will do that. That s how I responded. Not my brother. This is how he was telling people. You heard? Carrie s gotta wipe two assholes. But you know that feeling when you want to laugh? I love those moments in life. I had a brilliant one earlier this year. I went to Liberia for Comic Relief. Comic Relief, as we all know, is an international charity. People donate money to people in need. There was a village in Liberia that had been decimated by Ebola. And, for some reason, they bring comedians to Africa to help. Doctors would make more sense. Nope. Bring on the funny-funny man. There was a village that I went to visit. They had a new school that had been built out of the money that Comic Relief raised. There were children going to school for their first day ever. It was amazing. And, for some reason, I was selected to take those children to school. I was confused. The kids were confused. The villagers were utterly baffled. Here s a question. Anyone here ever walk some kids out of an African village? Is that a no ? Let me tell you this. It s the weirdest moment. It s, Morning. Hello. Hello. You should ve seen these elders. They re like, Where is he taking the children? Who the fu… Does he work for Madonna? Who is this? Look. No. That is Ellen. Hello, Ellen!  I m not Ellen! It was amazing. Fifteen million people watch Comic Relief. There s a cameraman watching my every move. And the BBC didn t put this on. And I said, Why? And they said, Russ, you look so embarrassed. It was so funny. But we didn t want you to look like a dick. They should have let the world have that moment. Here s what happened, right? We got on a bus. There was an eight-year-old girl. There was a six-year-old boy. They were very excited. We were going to school. The mum came with us. There s a cameraman watching my every move. The mum started singing a song. How did the song go? I ll tell you. * Oh, thank you, Jesus * * For bringing Russell * She started stroking my face. * Thank you, Jesus * * For bringing Russell * What the fuck would you do? The cameraman nearly died. This poor fucker s like, Jesus Christ alive. I really want to laugh, but l m not allowed. But if I don t, l m gonna shit blood. The kids started singing. They were like… * Thank you, Jesus, for bringing Russell Thank you * He s like, l m gonna die here. And then it took a really strange turn. ‘Cause the little girl looked at me and went, Sing! What would you do? I either look like an idiot in front of England or I break her heart. I started singing. I was out loud… * Thank you, Jesus * * For bringing me * Louder!  All right. * Thank * I could see my dad at home. Fucking come here, quick! Russell s on the telly! He thinks he s fucking Jesus! * Thank you, Jesus * And then my brain went, Mate, you need to stop singing about Jesus. Why don t you sing a children s song?  That s a brilliant idea, brain. Then it won t be creepy. But rather than explain that, I was so flustered, I just started singing a children s song louder than the kids. From nowhere. They were like… * Thank you, Jesus, for bringing Russell * * Old MacDonald had a farm * * E-I-E-I-O * I kid you not. The little boy looked at me and went, What is an E-I-E-I-O?  I don t know what an E-I-E-I-O is.  Then why did you say…  I don t fucking know! I m just trying to save Africa. And this is how it felt at my granddad s funeral. We re desperately trying to concentrate. But my nan is so funny. My dad is talking about my granddad. My nan had a cough. She was like… I got a cough.  I know that. Stop looking at me. Nobody was laughing. Everyone was concentrating. Everyone. Nobody wanted to be the person that went, Aaah! And then she did something beautiful. My nan connected everyone. In the middle of something as sad as my granddad s funeral, we found laughter. Because my nan roared out loud… Has anyone got anything I can suck? That was too much for the Howards. We lost our collec… Just a room full of people… I could see my little brother fighting the urge not to go, Fucking hell, Granddad. You picked the wrong day to die. It was… poetry. And you ve all been there. Everyone in this room has been in a moment like that. You know? When you re lost in laughter? There is no past. There is no future. You re just swirling in giggles. I think it s all we can do. Giggle at the madness of the world. Every day you switch on the news. The news in this country is just, Shit. Shit. Shit. Shit. Shit. Shit. Raining. That is the news. Donald Trump said the other day he s not gonna visit Britain – until he gets a warm… – He s a wanker! Because he s a wanker. There you go. I couldn t even finish it. But that s… that s a real measure of the feeling, isn t it? I didn t even finish the sentence. You wanker! That s how we feel all across Britain. Do you know what they ve done in Scotland? He s got a golf course in Aberdeen. They ve had to put extra security staff on at that golf course cause Scottish men keep breaking in and shitting in the holes. That s how we feel about Mr. Trump. It s the most Scottish reaction. I don t like that bastard one bit. l m with you, America. Yet lots of people at the minute, We can t let Trump come to England. We can t. We can t let him meet the queen. I think we can. That s how we get rid of that bully. That s how we get rid of that bigot. We use Liz… as bait. Think about it. Come in, Donald. Come in. Probably weary from the battle and shit. Come in. Pull up a pew, doll. We don t know what the queen‘s like. Let s be honest. We re all very different at home to how we are at work. I bet she s the same. I bet you she fucks around with the guards. Just walking along one day… Nobody will ever believe you. You would, wouldn t you? Just every day. Morning. ‘The queen did a dab. I think not, furry hat. Come in, Donald. Come in. This is Prince Philip, my husband.  There you go. That s that, love. That s all he s said in 20 years, isn t it? Okay. They have to get the camera off him before he pulls out a fiver and goes, I fucked her.  Okay, Philip. Come on.  Come in, Donald. Probably wondering why you re here.  I am. I wonder so much. There s so much wondering. I wonder. You wonder. We all wonder. I wonder why, when I play golf in Scotland, the ball never goes in the hole. I don t get this.  You re wondering why you re here.  I am.  Well, we re here to knight you. We think you re splendid. Kneel down. Philip, blade. Oh, fuck. It slipped. Oh, l m so old and weary. Why did I do it? I ll tell you why I did it. Because nobody grabs my pussy is why, Sonny Jim. And this is called muffling. Film me, Philip. Film me. * Every day l m muffling * Imagine seeing that on the news. We go live to Buckingham Palace. * Ding, dong, the dickhead s gone * Smushy, smushy! Wouldn t that be lovely? People need to die. Why not start with a few morons? Why do we bend over backwards for idiots? Fucking let em go. You re not helping anyone. You re thick as pig shit. Mind the gap. If you need help with that, if you re thinking, I want to be in the gap, let them go. Just means there ll be one fewer person on Love Island. That s all that means. I bought a pair of trainers the other day. There was a sachet inside the trainers that honestly said, Silica gel. Do not eat. Who the fuck eats it? Are there really people who go… Trainer pudding! It s naughty bubbles, isn t it? It s naughty bubbles. We no longer sell curved croissants in our largest supermarket because enough people wrote to Tesco complaining that they struggled putting jam on curved croissants. That is a thing. We were defeated by bendy bread. Dear Tesco, not being funny, but I was going like that, and suddenly there was jam on the table. Help. Tony, it s happening again. It s awful. Some people can t eat bananas. Where s it going? Where s it going? The world is so depressing, you know? Like, my little cousin… This killed me the other day. He went to the zoo. He was given a note from his school of what to do in the event of an ISIS attack. At the zoo. He s 11. He s excited. You can t even go to the fucking zoo now without being terrified. And do you know the advice that his teachers gave him? It said on this note, Run or hide. Cheers, guys. What did they think he was going to do? Shit. It s ISIS. * Kumbaya, my lord * * Kumbaya * Let s fight them with Christian love. * Kumbaya * It s awful, isn t it? I wasn t afraid of ISIS. I grew up in the 90s. What were the big fears in England in the 90s? Eating red berries off the side of the road. Chinese burns. Wedgies. Leaning back on your chair at school. Do you remember those weird rumors? Don t lean back on your chair, Russ. There was a boy that did it once and now he s ‘spastamicated.  I don t think that s how you say it.  That s how he says it now. Girls running up to you in the playground. Pick a number. Pick a color. Now pick a number.  What origami nonsense is this, Sarah?  Number!  Three.  One, two, three. Color!  Red.  R-E-D. You re a dick. We used to go to school with our names sewn into our clothes. Your underwear. That was the most baffling. There was never gonna be a moment in the middle of geography… I gotta get my balls out, boys. I ll tell you what. I fucking love erosion. I gotta set my sack free. The only time you would remove your pants at school would be if you shat yourself. And then the last thing you d want is something that linked it back to you. Some shitty pants here. It says ‘Russell Joseph Howard. Hit him with recorders. Wasn t afraid of ISIS. I was afraid of my little brother. Little bastard. We used to have a thing called the landline. Do you remember that? It was a phone in the kitchen and a phone upstairs. We always forgot about that one, didn t we? We thought we were having a private conversation. We weren t. The rest of our family were listening in to everything we said. Every time I used to speak to a girl, my brother would be on the top phone making this noise. What are you doing, Russell?  l m not doing anything.  He s wanking. He s wanking. He s wanking. l d run upstairs to punch him in the face. I wasn t allowed. He had epilepsy, the selfish little bastard. I had to get a lamp and go like that. Whoa! But that s what you should be doing when you re 11. Trying to give your brother an epileptic fit. But this note went on. I don t know whether this is the saddest thing or the funniest thing I ve ever read. He s 11. He s going to the zoo. This is the note he got from his school. If you do spot a terrorist, tell the teacher. I swear to God. It said this. Do not attempt to negotiate. What? Wow. Could you imagine that? Just some ISIS… Just kneel before our ISIS flag.  Nathan! Negotiate. Just some kid from Bristol, like that. What s all this fuss? What s my name? It s Nathan, mate. It s written on my pants. What s your name? ‘Cause you sound spastamicated. What do you want?  What do I want? I want to burn down this zoo, overthrow your government, and fly my flag above the Houses of Parliament.  Oh. Do you want a Mars bar?  He s got the Mars bar. What do you think?  Do you have a Kit Kat? Wait. Have we got any Kit Kats?  No. I ate it. Shut up. I didn t realize we were gonna be infiltrated. All I got left is a Twix.  Fucking snap it in half, Wayne. These goat-fuckers don t know what a Kit Kat is. Let s negotiate. Before I give you this Kit Kat, we re gonna settle it the old-fashioned way, the Bristol way, the children s way. I need you to tuck your willy between your legs. It must be so hard being young, you know? Do you ever think about that? I grew up in the 90s. We didn t have social media. All we had to do was develop a personality. Whereas kids now, you gotta develop a brand. Trouble is, that s tricky. You gotta convince the world you re more interesting than you are. And the trouble is, you re not. Because you haven t become you yet. We wonder why kids are anxious the world over. Imagine that. Snapchat, Instagram, Facebook. Every thought, every picture, every moment, online, judged. We wonder why they re frazzled to shit. We didn t have that. What did we do in the 90s? Fuck all. Mostly we sat on walls, thinking. That was it. Sat on a wall. Slowly becoming myself. No one attacking my still-growing brain. Luckily, l d been born with a lazy eye and the ability to only breathe through my mouth. All right, Marie. My mum s picking me up at 5:00. She d walk up at about 7:00, my mum. Just at home, ironing. Fucking leave him there, Dave. He does my bloody head in. Don t be daft. He s a funny-looking kid. No pedophile s gonna go near him. To be honest, he talks so much they ll never have time to get their cock in his mouth. Not a joke. That is a direct quote. I was always safe. Just some bloke pulling up in a car, Get in.  Thank you very much. * In a car with a bad man * I would point out, if you re gonna bang me in the woods, l ve got hay fever.  Get out.  All right. Always talking myself out of a deal. It s very different now. That s what l m trying to say. l ve been hanging around a lot of schools. I got that wrong. l ve been filming them. l ve been interviewing them. Interviewing. l ve been interviewing kids for a TV show that l m doing. The stuff l ve learned. Fuck me! Do you know 40% of the kids that we ve spoken to, when they lose their virginity, they film it. Yes. That is the correct response. Who is that confident losing their virginity? Sarah, just lie there. You re gonna be here for quite a while. Camera one, are you focused? Camera two, are you ready? Vision. Sound. Okay, everybody. Let s make a motion picture. l ve cum. It s an awful idea. If you filmed me, it would have been horrendous. Am I doing it right? Is it going well? Thank you so much for this opportunity. l m having a lovely day. I really am. Fucking pollen count. l m too big, aren t I? l m too big. I don t want to hurt you. That s the last thing I want to do. I don t want… l m not in. I didn t realize. I didn t realize. Turn off the cameras. I didn t realize. Filming it, man. It s cause we learn through porn and kids are trying to emulate porn stars. It s fucked. We re obsessed with porn in this country. I saw a teenage boy the other day watching porn on the train. He wasn t touching himself. He was just watching it. Who the fuck watches porn for the stories? Just… Aww! I knew they was gonna get together. It s like Ross and Rachel, isn t it? And it gets weirder. Thirty-two percent of boys… I found this out. I was reading about it in the papers. When they lose their virginity they cum on the girl s face. They think that s what they re meant to do. It isn t, you fucking mongrels! You better cherish her, not make her look like she s got the flu on a trampoline. Don t copy porn. I didn t lose my virginity dressed as a German plumber. And I can feel you looking at me. There s probably people at home watching, thinking, Well, you ve changed the evening. That s quite a hideous image. There may be some people in this room that have come as a family. And it s gonna be a fairly tricky car journey home. Just… Boy in the back, l d like to point out, Mum, I never spaffed on any girl s face. I didn t even know what spaffing was until he started going on about it. But why am I talking about it? It s a good question, right? I found out last year that one in four 16-to-25-year-old girls in the western world self-harm. One in four. And it really upset me. And I was thinking about it so much. And the trouble about me… l m such a megalomaniac. l m like, Well, I can fix that. l m Russell Howard. I can bring peace to the galaxy. ‘Cause it really upset me, man. I couldn t get it out of my head. And now, every time I see a 16-year-old girl who looks upset, I want to creep up to her… crawl into her brain, and kiss away the problems. But that ain t gonna help, is it? Mwah! Mwah! * Oh, thank you, Jesus * But it s horrendous. One in four. And why is it? Why are our young women slashing and attacking themselves? I think it s cause of the pressure. This insane world that we live in now. All these… Like, have you seen the latest social media trends? Rib cage bragging. Where supermodels lean back and they brag about their ribs. No, I can t speak for women. I can speak for every man who s ever walked the earth. No man has ever looked at a lady and gone, Fucking look at the ribs on that! ‘Cause we look at you like you re women, not percussion instruments. We re not get, like, Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah! Know what I mean? Oh! Yes! We re not gonna flip you over and go… Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! Ooh! Some of you may do. I don t know how you conduct your business. But when you re under pressure… And I think it s very hard, being a young person in the world these days. If you want to get an education in England, it costs you thousands. If you want to get a job, you get zero contract hours. You do a job like a nurse or a doctor, something that matters, and orange people on TV get paid more than you for fucking on an island. And on top of that… We re all… looking for love. We re all looking for love. Young women are looking for love. In the last 20 years, men have become assholes in the way we woo you. It s awful. Do you remember mixtapes? Do you remember how cute we used to be? Here are some songs. I heard these songs and I thought of you. And I think you will hear these songs and think of me. And we will have a special cuddle. Those days are gone, man. If you go on Tinder, it s just, There s a photo of my dick. You re like hobbits walking through a cock-shaped woodland. Just… * Where s my prince * Where are all these dicks… It s fucking mental. No wonder you re cutting yourselves. You re dodging dicks all day. And the things you do for us… And l m talking from a heterosexual relationship point of view. I don t know about the other sweethearts. But the things that women do for men… I was talking to a 21-year-old woman about pubic hair. I built up to it. I didn t just… I didn t just walk up, Let s talk minges. You know my name. But she said something that broke me. She went, I shave it down there cause I don t want the boys to laugh at me cause it looks horrible. How upsetting is that? If you want to shave your bits, do it for you. Don t do it for us. ‘Cause no man has ever found himself in paradise going, Well, this is lovely. But look at the lawn. There s not even a rock feature. I don t think you should shave it. That s just my opinion. I think it looks too scared. I think… It does. Looks like a little rabbit s nostril just… Where s my coat? Where s my coat? It should be hairy. The old women in here, you don t muck around with that, do you? You keep it swinging. You keep it loose. You keep it hairy like a buffalo in a blizzard. Just… Bring on the winter! There ll be an old lady in here with a fanny like Jon Snow s coat. ‘Cause sex is the best thing in the world. When you re truly lost in fuck. It s sensational, isn t it? But it doesn t look like porn, as anyone in this room who s ever filmed themselves can prove. Let s watch it back. Don t ever watch it back. It s horrific, isn t it? You re like two potatoes fighting. Are you gonna cum? l m gonna cum. I think you re gonna cum. l m gonna cum. I just think it s horrible. If you re a young woman, you re losing your virginity, and then some bloke… Boom! Spaff on your face. That s where that goes. It s fucking horrible. When you lose your virginity, it should be awful for both of you, not just for her. We shouldn t throw spunk on girls faces. We should throw petals at their feet. The things they ll do for us… The blow job. What a thing. They re wonderful, blow jobs. When you re young, you re collecting them. You can t believe how lucky you are. Another one for me. When you re older, a blow job is useful. If you re in a long-term relationship, that s how you know how old you are. You re like, It s my birthday. l m 52! It s a wonderful thing. The very fact that you let us put our dirty dicks in your magical mouths. Five points to Gryffindor, you heaven-sent angels. It s wonderful. And it s not us at our finest. What we re trying to say is, Thank you. Thank you. I can t believe you re doing this, you angel sent from above. But you ve seen us. Do you know why we re like that? ‘Cause you ve got our brain in your mouth. What are you saying, Darren? I don t understand. I say we get rid of porn. For a year. And it s gonna affect me. l m a touring comedian. l ve traveled the world. l ve watched a lot of pornography this year. There s been times on this tour when my penis has looked like an 80s joystick. Black and red on top. But it s weird, isn t it? It s got too aggressive. Have you seen this? This is the latest. When the camera s over the shoulder. It s meant to make you feel like you re making love to the lady. It doesn t. It makes you feel like you re on the shoulder of some bloke you don t know like some kind of wanking parrot. I say we get rid of porn for a year. Let s see if we can recalibrate. l ve got an idea. This is my great idea. We get rid of porn… and we get kids. No! Wait. To be honest, what l m about to say is probably going to get a similar reaction. We get kids to watch their parents make love. That is my idea. Think about it. Think… It s gonna be tender. If l m watching my mum and dad go at it, it s gonna be sweet. Ready, Russ? Here we go. Just bouncing on your dad s dick. Having a lovely evening. You ll notice he hasn t spaffed in my face. He s not degrading me in any way. You ll notice my bush is positively Wookiee-like. Having a smashing evening, aren t we, David?  Yep. Having a tremendous night, love. To be honest with you, it s fairly weird what with Russell being in the corner like the fucking Blair Witch, but… Luckily he s got a lazy eye and he can t focus. That s my idea. I think it would be tender, you know? My mum and dad love each other. And my dad is always complimenting my mum and bragging her. I think if they made love it d be tender. I don t know if anyone s got a dad like that. It s lovely and weird at the same time. My dad s always like, Whoa! Bloody hell. Your mum, eh? Whoo-hoo! You can t join in. You re like, Yeah, fucking Mum. He s shagging Mum. Give her one for me, you lucky bastard. Go on. He gave her the most English compliment you can give a woman the other day. Do you know the best thing about your mother s ass? I can slap your mum s ass, go and make myself a cup of tea, and when I come back, it s still wobbling. My mum was like, Thank you very much, David. I think we need to do something, man. One in four. It s really odd, what happens, like, l m very, l m very aware. I think we all are. We re very aware of how troubled we are at the minute. We re all a bit frazzled. We re all a bit mad, aren t we? Know what I mean? In the last couple years we ve all realized, l m a bit crazy. Know what I mean? I have thoughts that I never used to have. l m about to go to bed and my brain s like, You re gonna die. Dead in a ditch. Sometimes my brain will suggest I do a thing that I would never do. What if you put your mum s head in a microwave?  The fuck?  What if an eagle stole your dog?  Fuck off. That s why l ve started vaping cannabis. That s my way of dealing with it. I know it s not the best way, you know? And it might send me madder, but… It s nice, isn t it? Cannabis. ‘Cause it lets you put your brain away. It s all too much for me. I just need to drift. I love it. It s the only drug, as well, that makes you giggle and paranoid, which is a brilliant combo. Who s laughing? I got stoned with my brother. It was amazing. We were watching Star Wars. He was like, This is shit. Why is it, when they get their lightsabers out, you never see any moths? I got stoned with my mum. I recommend you do that. She s like, Cows have got no emotional range. See them in a field, they re always the same, aren t they? l ve never once heard one go… ‘Moo. They must be happy. You d never know it. You d never know it. Be a nightmare if you worked in a toy shop, wouldn t it, Russ? Imagine trying to sell a toy zebra. You d never find the bar code. She doesn t need cannabis, my mum. Her brain is wonderful. We went to a restaurant the other day where you eat in the dark. It s in London, right? And my mum went, I don t know, Russ. What if I forget where my mouth is? She keeps a hula hoop underneath her sofa. I found it the other day. I was like, What s this? And my mum, Well, when I watch the news and it s awful, what I do, I pull out the hula hoop, I have a little dance, and I feel better. And then she said this. I think you ll find there s a lot of ladies my age that do a similar thing. Fucking no, there is not. How much better would the world be if there was? Your husband s dead.  You re joking. You can learn a lot, you know? And l ve got a fucking messed-up brain. I had an amazing conversation. I don t know if anyone here is genuinely worried about death. I am. All the time. Like, this has been the fun gig, but I ll go to bed tonight and my brain ll be like, You re gonna die. Nothing you do matters, you piece of shit. Dead in a ditch. And that is tricky. And this tour s been hard. It s been amazing. But my granddad has died, my nan has died, and my uncle Tim has died. Three people that I adored are no more, and there s bullies and bigots and idiocy everywhere. I was talking to my dad about it. I was really upset. I was like… And my dad, my dad s a bit of a philosopher. He s disgusting. But he says wise things. The other day Mum said, Dave, do you wanna watch Britain s Got Talent? And my dad went, Watch? Britain s Got Talent? l d rather shit in my hand and clap. So he recognizes… the reason mainstream TV exists. To keep us all thick so the government can pass the laws. There s the cakey program. There s the dancy program. We ll just get on with this, okay?  Cakey dance-dance. Cakey dance-dance. I was talking to my dad about death. He said something that s disgusting. And this ll be too much for some of you, I think. This side of the room, you ll be all right. This is gonna… This is genuinely hideous. I apologize. But it s the funniest, most profound thing anyone s ever said to me. I was talking to my dad about death. I said, Dad, what s the point? Granddad s dead. Nan s dead. Uncle Tim s gone. What s the point? My dad said this. He went, Should I tell you what life is, Son? Life is just moments. What you gotta do, go along, grab as many of them as possible, and hopefully they flash before your eyes before you die. If he d have stopped there, it would have been quite uplifting. But this is my dad. And this is what he said to me. You made it. You re here. That is incredible. Do you know how lucky you are to be alive? You could have died on my belly. l m being serious. Literally thousands of your dead brothers and sisters… Dead in socks. Dead in socks. I ll often open up the sock drawer and cry over the never-babies I could have had. But I got you. And I love you. There s grace in you, Russ. I love you. And when you talk that shit, it kills me. ‘Cause you re my boy. It s very easy. You re here, then you re gone. Do your best, and don t be a dick. It s an amazing way of looking at life, isn t it? That s… That s the truth. Look at us all here. All here. In this moment, right now, we are alive. Look at us. We re alive. Every one of us could have died on our dad s bellies. That is a fact. Don t fight it. Don t fight it. Some of your dads may be at home now killing siblings. And we shouldn t be appalled. We should be recalibrated. Reinvigorated. This is our earth. We have the capacity to make it better, and we re failing. We re in a terrible state the world over. Division and bullshit and bigots. Like, you travel around. You do gigs. This is an amazing place. That s why I came to Brighton to do this. I did it in the middle of Gay Pride cause it s the height of loveliness. Exactly. But l ve been to places… Like, I was doing some gigs in the deep south in America. I was chatting about gay marriage. Turns out not everyone s a fan. I had a lot of fun that night. ‘Cause I was telling them l d quite like to be gay. That is the truth. – Hey! – Exactly. But you all have these moments. Like, when you think, I wonder what it d be like to be gay. Like, I love my girlfriend. She s an amazing human being. My girlfriend is a doctor, and she goes out with a comedian. Do you know how hard a life that is? She s gotta deal with mental health, vulnerability, then she s gotta go to work. You have those moments where you think, If I was going out with a boy, right? A man. A man. A man! He s a man. He s a big lad. He s called Keith. If he came home and he was in a mood, I could fix that. I know how men work. l m in a mood. We d play computer football, l d wank him off, sorted. There is not a man alive… You re better now, aren t you, Mr. Grizzly?  I am. Thank you very much, Russell, for understanding the complexity that is me.  I did, didn t I? Who s Daddy s little soldier?  It s me. You can t, nor should you ever do that with women. But, if that was an option… Because we ve all had those rows. Like, my girlfriend is incredibly intelligent, like all women. But if she wants to win an argument she becomes eight. That s what you do. You all right? What s wrong?  If you don t know what s wrong, then l m not going to explain to you what s wrong. Yes, I could fix this by talking rationally like I always do, but l d rather this row went on for two years.  Just tell me what s wrong.  Yeah, you d like that, wouldn t you? My girlfriend, she s brilliant. She works all the hours God sends. She works for the NHS. It s an amazing institution. And… She has to live with me. It s a difficult life. Right? And she found… She was in our attic. Now, we ve only recently bought the house. She found a suitcase in the attic. She sent me a text. What the fuck have you been doing in the attic? I was like, I haven t been in the attic. She was like, All right. Then what s this? And it was a picture of a suitcase. So I sent her a text back, It s a suitcase. This is a very easy quiz. Yeah, I know. Even as I sent it, I could feel my thumb going, I don t know, Russ. Are you sure? She sent me pictures of the three things she found in this suitcase. It s not my suitcase. It belonged to the person we bought it off. I don t know what the fuck she thought I was doing. First thing. Four tins of Heinz tomato baked beans. Number two. An R.E.M. CD. And number three, and probably most troubling… a very large, black strap-on penis. We re all thinking the same thing. If you re English, you think thank Christ you ve never been on Cash in the Attic. Is it a family heirloom?  Fucking hope not, mate. That would explain why your eyes are crossed. But what did she think l d been doing up there? That s what puzzled me. Like, Bye. See you at the hospital looking after the people. And then running up to the attic like that. Putting the strap-on on and just knocking beans on the table. * Everybody hurts * It s so hard being famous. * Shining, happy people * * Knocking beans on the fucking table * * With my big old cock of doom l m swinging * It was the weirdest argument l ve ever had. She s like, Is that what you want to do? Do you want me to bum you in the attic? You re like, Absolutely not! You can barely parallel park. But now I own a strappy. I can t get rid of it. I can t bury it. l ve got a dog. Do you know what I did with it? I put it underneath my mum s sofa. I can t wait for bad news. Mum s like, Oh, my God. An earthquake. I need to dance away… Fuck! This draft excluder s got balls, Dave. I don t understand it, you know? I was chatting about gay marriage at this gig, and I was getting… Like, you ve all heard those stereotypical heckles. They still exist. Gay marriage is not natural. Neither is marriage. It s not natural. You don t see it in the animal kingdom. l ve never seen a duck dressed as a vicar. Never seen it on an Attenborough nature documentary. Here we see the hippo. She s out and about in her bachelorette party. She s getting muffled in a dance as old as time. It s absurd. I don t understand it. What I don t understand, more than anything, is people who go out of their way, searching to be annoyed. Looking for bigotry. It s absurd, you know? ‘Cause we can make each other so happy. And I think we should have that on the end of the news, you know? ‘Cause that s what the world is. The world is woe and wonder. We have awful things happen, and there s little moments of beauty that make us glad to be alive, you know? I met a woman at a zoo recently. She was about 60. We should see this on the news. She was blind. She was at the zoo. And her family were like, Are you having a good time, Mum? And she went, Not really. l m blind. You ve brought me to a zoo. I fell in love with her. This is the sentence that got it. She went, It s just noises and smells. I love moments like that. I was on a plane recently. I heard a voice in the sky go, Will you stop touching your willy? I thought it was God. I was like, You shouldn t have given me such a sweet one, then. I looked around. There was a mum telling her son off. This kid was four. Grabbing himself. She s like, Will you stop touching your willy? The kid looked at his mum and went, Oh, Mummy. I love it. There s nothing you can do with that level of wisdom. Mother, if you had one of these you wouldn t leave the damn thing alone.  You ll go blind!  Yes, Mummy. Then I ll have a dog and a willy. Here s a moment that should be on the end of the news. I was in Edinburgh the other day. I was walking along. This bloke leapt out. – Whoo! – It may have been you. – Are you from Edinburgh, madam? – Yes. Good. I was walking along and there was a bloke that leapt out from a hedge. And he went, Whoop.  You all right? And he went, Yep. He said, Can you do me a favor? I said, It depends, doesn t it? I mean, you were in a hedge a minute ago. This is what he said to me. He looked at me and went, Please do me a favor, Russ. Please. Please do this. My son is a huge fan of yours. He s in a car just down there. You can, please, go up to that car, open the door, and scare him. You re like, Fucking right, I will. In fact, I found this in my attic, mate. Which… Which car is it? l m gonna melt his braces. We were giggling. Me and this stranger. It was so lovely. This is what he said to me. He went, You can t go big enough. Really go for it. You can t go big enough. What he should have said: Don t go too big. My son is eight. I didn t know. Poor little kid. I thought he was just a little fella. I ran up. I opened the door. Fuck, man. I really went for it. I just went… The kid looked at me and went, Fuck. His dad went, Hey. Who taught you to swear? And the kid went, Him. That s what we should have on the news. ‘Cause we can be so kind to each other, you know? And we have those moments when the world is beautiful. Like, about a year before my nan and granddad died, we went to see Nan. She was in hospital. And everyone I loved went to see her. It was really beautiful. It was a surprise. And she was in the hospital bed like, All right, Russ. How you doing?  l m very well. How are you, Nan?  l m a bit poorly. And we re all gathered around her. Everyone was there. My Auntie Gary was there. She s my favorite auntie. She s called Auntie Gary because she self-injects botox and she looks like the British pedophile Gary Glitter. All right, Gary?  All right, guys. How you doing? She can t show emotion. It s an absolute, fuck, horror show. We re being silly. It s the Howard way. We re taking the piss out of each other. My brother had a girlfriend at the time and he was trying to be normal. He couldn t really do it. You should ve seen him at Christmas. Is everyone all right for drinks?  What the fuck is this? Last year you pissed in a glass and went, ‘Apple juice?  He s destined to be a weird uncle, my brother. I love a weird uncle. They make Christmas so great. Mine is called Cuddly Barry, right? He came around at Christmas. My mum went, Bloody Barry s coming, the dirty shit. He d shag anything that moves. I mean it. You watch the dogs. They freeze. They did. They re like, Shit, it s Barry. Don t move, seriously. Oh, no. Can you smell gas? That s what my brother s gonna be. We re all being very silly. It s the Howard way. Dicking around. My granddad wasn t joining in. That was the saddest thing. ‘Cause my granddad was the best. My granddad was 4 foot 8. But he was 10 foot tall full of stories. It s what granddads do. They just drift into your life, tell magical lies… and then drift away. I remember I was about six. I was eating toast. My granddad walked into the kitchen, just from nowhere, and went, Yep. I reckon I could walk on my hands from Edinburgh to London.  Amazing. Are you gonna do that, Granddad? And he looked at me and went, No! I wouldn t give them the satisfaction. And he drifted away. But he wasn t like that towards the end of his life. My granddad had dementia. And it s the worst. If you know anyone with it… It robs them of them. And he didn t really talk. And it was really sad. He was very, kind of, frozen inside himself. And then it happened. He became himself again. We re all gathered around my nan. My granddad grabbed my nan s hand and just went, Where you been? I haven t seen you for ages. I know. It was amazing. All of us melted. My granddad s like, Look at her. Ain t she the prettiest girl you ever did see? We re like, Oh, my God. l m gonna die. l m gonna die. It was like my granddad had pulled his heart out, pressed it against my nan s heart, and gone, Forever, isn t it? It s forever. I know l m a daft bugger. I know I talk nonsense. But you feel that heart. That beats like a train for you. ‘Cause I love you now the same way I always did. And we re there going, Yeah. In my head l m going, This is it. This is one of these moments your dad was on about. Grab it. Hopefully this will flash before your eyes before you die, cause it was love. It was pure, beautiful love. And, as ever with my family, there was a little cherry on top. Because my nan had clearly never received public love before. We re all looking at Granddad. And he s sending it. He s sending it. We look at nan. My nan s like that… She didn t know what to say, so she just looked to him and went, You need your hair cut. And we all laughed. It was beautiful. We were lost in laughter, you know? That s the best. That s why I don t understand it. Those are the moments that are worth living. And people go out of their way at the minute. Hunting out… I wanna be annoyed. What can I be upset by? It s the immigrants, isn t it? It s the immigrants. This is my bit. This is my bit. This is my bit. Fuck off. We don t have time for this nonsense, you know? It s like I said. I was doing this gig, and just hearing these heckles. Gay marriage upsets God. That s why there s thunderstorms.  Is it? Who the fuck was your geography teacher, mate? In ancient Greece all they did was read and bum each other. The weather was lovely. ‘Steady on, Socrates. l m gonna lose my page.  Gay marriage upsets God. Well, God upsets me. He s a fucking weirdo. He could have selected any noise for the fox to make when it makes love. And that s what he went with? Well, I think we ve absolutely nailed that.  I don t know, God. It sounds like someone raping a bagpipe. God s a creepy prick. He made penguins. He gave them wings, but they can t fly. What a wanker. Look at these. Oh, they do nothing. God s a cunt. I don t understand it. It s time to recalibrate, you know? There s enough bigotry in this world. Like, when we legalized gay marriage, it was ridiculous. Like, do you remember what Lord Tebbit, the Tory peer, said in the House of Lords? This is a man who has a say in our laws. He just went, Gay marriage could lead to a lesbian queen. That was his input to the debate. Like Liz was gonna go, It s legal, is it? Off you pop, Philip. Hello, Britain. There s gonna be some changes around here. This is Linda. She s my top bitch. That s it, Linda. Does it taste like stamps? It s… It is unlikely. It s unlikely that that s gonna happen. And the point l m making, if you can deal with your… Point l m making… The idea that some Tory peer is telling us, The idea of a lesbian on the throne is utterly ridiculous. I say, Fuck off, old man. There s lots of things… There s lots of things that are ridiculous in the world. The fact that nurses in this country are using food banks. The fact… Exactly. The fact that children in this country go to school malnourished. The spelling of the word Chihuahua. Chihuahua. The English national anthem. That s the most absurd song in the world. We re English. We love singing it. But we don t believe in God. We know she s safe. And yet, you ve seen us. * Oh, magic man in the clouds * * Look after the lady what s safe * * Why have we not evolved? * It s the time for this country to recalibrate. We need a new anthem that can bring everyone together. I wanna hear this at Wembley. * God save our NHS * * It really is the best * * Liz will be fine * * Help those in poverty * * Stop kids self-harming for me * * Give Donald Trump a lobotomy * * E-I-E-I-E-I * * O * We d sing that. Ladies and gentlemen of the Brighton Dome, thank you so much for coming. What a gig! What people! Thank you so much. Thank you very much. Well, that s very kind. Thank you very much indeed. Ladies and gentlemen of Brighton, to the future! * Absent friends * * Here s to them * * And happy days * * We thought that they would never end * * Here s to absent friends * * Little Jean * * Seberg seemed * * So full of life * * But in those eyes * * Such troubled dreams * * Poor little Jean *

WHITNEY CUMMINGS@I M YOUR GIRLFRIEND@2016@(techno music playing) ? ? ? Play it, say it, say it, say it… ? ? Play it, say it, say it, say it… ? Woman: Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Whitney Cummings! (cheering) I have to pee. I m good! What is up, bitches? Come on! (cheering) Thank you so much for being here. I m shooting my HBO special, no big deal. This has been a dream of mine for a very long time, so thank you for being here, for showing up. I really appreciate it. Thank you for wearing shorts, sir. You were getting ready, you re like, I m going to Whitney s dream come true, and I m gonna… I m gonna wear these seersucker… operative word: suck… shorts. I just want her to look at my scrotum the whole night to let her know what I think of her accomplishments. You know, just that thigh. You know, that weird part of your thigh that just looks like a swollen vagina? That s what I m looking at. Really appr… Thanks for shaving, sir. And where s the camera. Is there a camera in the… And for you guys at home, if you re watching this on YouTube, fuck you, Go to HBO Go, like an adult, so I can get ten cents, okay, out of this view. (cheers, applause) Thank you. I m wearing heels tonight, it s the least you could fucking do. I like you guys. You guys are hot, sexy. Sexy people. Are you guys young? Young? Yeah? Yeah? Anyone in their 20s? – 20s? – Audience: Whoo! That s what you do in your 20s, you whoo. Hold old are you? – 27. – 27. Well, you re 30. (laughter, applause) Younger than 27? – Woman: 24. – 24! (laughing) Yeah, life s about to fuck you up real bad. I love seeing girls in their 20s. It cracks me up, man. It reminds me of when I was in my 20s. ‘Cause when I was in my 20s, I was such an idiot. Like, when I was in my 20s, I was the worst combination of… I was arrogant, but I was also, like, delusional, you know? Like, when I was in my 20s, I thought that I was a catch. I thought I was funny and interesting and smart, but I wasn t. You re not. Okay? It s just that guys want to have sex with you, right? So they laugh at your stupid jokes. They listen to your boring-ass stories. And then you start getting an ego. You start thinking you re awesome. Then you turn 30, and guys stop wanting to have sex with you, and then you re just left with a terrible personality. That s what happened to me. I got enabled in my 20s, now I m in my 30s, and I m just a… dick. I m the worst. I m loud. I m obnoxious. I m bossy. You know? But I think I got confused about what guys like. ‘Cause you remember there was a rumor going around for a while that men like strong women? People would say that. They d be like, Men like strong women. Men like independent, strong women. Yeah, no they don t. Okay, I ve seen porn. Men like Asian schoolgirls with duct tape over their mouths. (laughter, applause) That s what men like. Literally, in porn they have categories you can pick from. There s a menu on the side. It s like, girl-on-girl, college girls, there s no CEO. (laughter) Guys aren t watching porn, like, Yeah, girl, get that promotion, yeah. It sucks. It sucks because I feel like I worked my ass off to accomplish my goals, to accomplish my dreams. Now I feel like I have the best life ever. I have the career I want, but guys are not into that. Guys aren t into self-sufficient girls, you know, who are independent. That s not a turn-on. I m not a sexy woman. My dirty talk is not sexy. I m like, Hey, wanna come back to my house… that I own? (laughter) Not a turn-on. Guys like girls to be, like, vulnerable and coy. Guy s like girls to be like Mmm… I m lost. Can you help me? Mmm… Your dick s too big, it hurts. Mmm… It doesn t. (laughter, applause) I m in my 30s. Nothing fucking hurts anymore. My lower back kind of hurts. – (laughter) – That s another… That s a different story. So, I don t know what to do, you know? I can t stop achieving my goals, right? I can t stop doing what I love. So I feel like what I need to start doing is when I meet a guy that I like, I just need to acknowledge what they find unattractive about me and just straight up negotiate with them. I m gonna be like, Look, I know I m not 24, but… I have a pool.  I know I m not adorable and coy, but I can pay all your bills. I can get you out of debt today! There s so much evidence in our culture that you guys like tiny, fragile women. You know, especially in our vernacular. Even the fact that you guys call us baby. No one else think that s weird? Especially in a sexual connotation. Baby is the only socially acceptable increment of age you can say to a woman in bed, you know? You can t be like, Yeah, bend over toddler, yeah.  Yeah, you like that, preteen? Uhn! I don t like it. I think it s creepy. That s when a guy calls me baby in bed, I ll be like, Waah! And then I just shit my pants just to make a point. Like, you want a baby, you got one, weirdo. Guys like girls to be babies, and guys like girls to be bad. Right? You guys like bad girls. So bizarre. It always happens, you start dating a guy, it s only a matter of time before you re having sex and he s like, Are you a bad girl? I m always like, No. I pay my taxes on time. And, also, I feel like before we play this game of Are You a Bad Girl, we should agree on a definition of bad that works for both of us, okay? I m a comedian, my taste is a little bit off. If I was really gonna double down on the bad girl game, I d be like, Yeah, I m a bad girl, I have herpes and I didn t tell you, yeah. – Man: No! – No ? It s not… That s not an aphrodisiac, okay, right. We ll circle back, I ll work on that. Guys like girls to be babies, guys like girls to be bad, and guys like girls to be exotic. Guys are into exotic girls now. I know this because a girlfriend of mine set me up on a blind date with this guy, then she called me and rescinded the date. She was like, Yeah, it s not gonna work out. I found out he s only into Cuban girls. I was like, All right, I can put on some self-tanner, and drink out of a fucking coconut. What do you want? And she was like, No, it s not about the skin color. He s not into Brazilian girls, he s not into Spanish, it s just Cuban. And I was trying to figure out like, what is the fetish of the island of Cuba? Just Cuba. The only thing I could deduce is that Cuban girls must be super fun to date cause they re super easy to impress cause they ve never had American products before. So, he s like, I got you a Coca-Cola. She s like, Oh my God, he s a millionaire! Yeah, you guys have to read the news to get that one. I think it s gonna be harder and harder for you guys to find these kind of weak, submissive women. ‘Cause women aren t like that anymore. Women are badasses now. All my girlfriends are strong, self-sufficient, have awesome jobs, you know? And I… Here s the thing. I think feminism is working, but I don t know if you guys like it. I think you guys are mad at us about it, and it s coming out in nefarious ways. Like, the way guys talk about women has gotten more aggressive. The way guys talk about having sex with women has gotten super violent. I was talking to a guy friend of mine a couple weeks ago, and he goes, I hooked up with this girl the other night. Destroyed that shit. It s like, Excuse me? He goes, Yeah, dude, I murdered that shit, bro. It s like, first of all, you did not murder her. She s fine. She s at home. She might be a little disappointed, but she s gonna… She s gonna get through it. She survived the wrath of your murderous dick. Pew, pew, pew, pew, pew! You did not kill her. You might have given her a urinary tract infection, but she s gonna… She s gonna bounce back. I don t think that s a healthy way to talk about women. And my theory is that women have gotten stronger, and as they get more self-sufficient, you guys are getting more aggressive towards us. ‘Cause 10-15 years ago, you guys didn t talk that way about women. You guys would say, you know, like, I m gonna tap that. Right? I m gonna hit that. Now it s like, I m gonna murder it. I feel like in 10 years, it s gonna be so disgusting. Guys, you ll be like, Hooked up with this girl the other night. Scalped the bitch, bro. She s a full amputee now. Motherfucking no legs. Eats from a tube. My dick. You know Helen Keller? My dick did that. It s too much. I don t think music is helping. Music has gotten so rude towards women. Have you guys heard the song Fight Night. No black people here? That s embarrassing. Santa Monica. Hashtag Santa Monica. (laughter, applause) Are you applauding? Like, some kind of white power rally? Don t applaud that! Oh, God. The song goes, I m gonna knock that pussy out like it s fight night. That s a song. There s another song that says I m gonna beat that pussy up. I m like, I m sorry, what did our vaginas ever do to you? Besides give you life and make you feel amazing all the time? How bout instead of beating it up and knocking it out, how bout maybe, I don t know, giving it an orgasm? I don t know. (cheering, applause) I would like to hear that song. I m gonna make you climax, girl. I m gonna make you trust me. I… (laughter) I would like to hear that song. I blame rappers. It s not just male rappers, female rappers are just as bad. You guys know Nicki Minaj? Yeah, big Nicki Minaj fans? I used to love Nicki Minaj. But then I heard her talk, and it wasn t good. So, she sounded like such a hypocrite, and I think she s a bad role model cause she was up there, and she was like, You know, men don t respect me in the rap game because I m a woman, and people don t respect me cause I m a woman. I was like, no, no, no. Uh, not at all. We don t respect you cause we can see your asshole. Has nothing to do with the fact that you re a woman, okay? We respected Mary J. Blige just fine. Here s my point. I think that women should be able to be sexy and glamorous, and feminine and professional. You could be a myriad of things. But as you re getting dressed for your album cover, you also have to acknowledge basic human nature and neurology, okay? You have to acknowledge the fact that men s brains are basically only designed to look for holes. It s pretty much all they re doing at any given moment, just scanning for crevices. They re like gophers, just looking for holes to get into. Counting, like, two, four… eight, that s a golf course. Constantly adding them up. So, sometimes we have to help you guys out. You get very distracted by that, right? When I look at Nicki Minaj s ass, I think awful, terrible, shameful things. I ll be like, Yeah, I bet if I hit that from behind that shit would pop. I m like, Oh, my God! So, I can t even imagine what you guys are thinking, you know? And here s the thing, I m a comedian. I want you guys to listen to what I m saying, I want you to think I m funny, I want you to focus. So, I m not gonna do stand-up like this… (laughter) (cheering) This is not the most effective way to do stand-up, right? I m not gonna be like, Hey, guys, did you see that election coverage last night? Yeah! No. You can t focus because if I m standing like this, you re either looking at my ass, which you re not, which is very insulting. Is that your girlfriend? Right there? Yes? She… He goes, Clearly. Why, because you re not allowed to look at an ass that s two feet in front of your face? I like her. She runs a tight ship. I respect that. He did not even look. So regardless, you re either looking at my ass, or worrying about my knees, one of the two. So, that s not the best position, and I think that that s just a hypocritical way to operate because guys can t have their dicks out, you know? Like, male rappers can t rap with their dicks out. If I saw a male rapper with his dick out, I wouldn t be respecting him either, or listening to what he was saying. If I saw a male rapper with his dick out, I would be calling the police, which is such a testament to the nature of man. That when a woman is naked, you re like, Look at that beautiful woman, and when a man is naked, you re like, There was a crime. Something horrible happened over there, guys. It s an interesting time. We re living in a fascinating time. We re living in a time where women have money, okay? Which is… Do you realize how new that is, right? That s like 30 years old, or something, and there s no blueprint for how to operate, and I think it s really messing up the power dynamic. Like, the fact that I can pay my own bills, that s such a big deal for me. I thought that making money was gonna solve all my problems, especially my relationship problems. ‘Cause when I was in my 20s, I had to date guys that had money cause I didn t have any. But now that I make my own money, I felt like it opened up this whole new pool of broke guys that I couldn t date before, so I ve been doing that. They re much nicer. And the last guy I dated, I paid for everything. I paid for trips, I paid for dinners, and now that I ve sort of been the man in the relationship, now that I ve been in your shoes, I now understand why you guys hate us. It s cause we owe you so much fucking money. And something happens psychologically when you start to pay for someone where you start to hate them. Start to hate everything about them. You resent them. You start keeping score of everything they do. One day he came home. He was drinking a coconut water. It s like, Coconut water? What are you, the queen of fucking England? How bout you drink out of the tap like a goddamn man, how bout that? And then they nag you. They always need something from you, you know? He d be like, Do you wanna go to dinner? I m like, You just ate yesterday. Do you have a tapeworm? What s the problem? I feel like I now understand why you guys are always so disappointed in us, too. ‘Cause something happens when you start paying for someone where you start to get these high expectations for their behavior. Like, as soon as I started paying for him, I started expecting him to like, do chores out of nowhere. Like, one night we went to dinner, I spent $200 on dinner, the next morning I woke up, I was like, This is weird, it s 8:00 a.m., and I don t smell eggs. Yeah, chop-chop, bitch. Mommy s hungry. It s tricky. I also started noticing all these, like, unspoken rules that happen with the expectations based on who pays. Like, the expectation if the man pays for the woman is that she s gonna have sex with you, right? But when I was paying for the man, the expectation was I am not gonna have sex with you, and we re gonna stay up all night talking about my dreams. We re gonna read some horoscopes tonight, bitch. And then I saw, like, all the insidious institutionalized sexism. Like, every time we would go to dinner, the waiter would automatically give him the check. And then he would fucking take it, and then when the waiter would leave, he would slide it over to me. I was like, Oh, hell no! If you take the check, you re paying. You better find yourself a Groupon real fast. I also get now why people stay in relationships too long. Because money makes things stickier. Like, I feel like I stayed in that relationship three months too long just cause I didn t want to get a bad return on my money. Because dating is such a terrible investment. Which made me think, like, I can t believe we just run around spending money on relationships that we don t know is gonna work out. It s a terrible investment. I feel like there should be some kind of insurance in place to protect us. Like, I feel like dating should be like checking into a hotel. Okay, you and I are gonna start dating. As soon as we start dating, you have to put your credit card down. Three months later, if you want to break up, I ll be like, All right, well, let s look at your bill. Yeah, you owe me $3,200 or you can t fucking leave. And now that I ve spent my hard-earned money on someone that I never see, I can t stand that it s just assumed that you guys pay for everything. I think that is so messed up. I m on your guys side about this. I think it s insane that it s just socially constructed that you pay for everything. I think that s nuts. I actually think if you guys take a girl to dinner three times and you pay, and then you never hear from her again, I think you should be able to call the police. That s some bullshit. I am very ashamed of how the relationship ended, though. I m embarrassed about it, but I think it s important to talk about. I think I just lost respect for him because he wasn t contributing in any way financially. Which is messed up because I feel like women don t contribute to relationships all the time, and that s okay. But I think the problem is human nature. I think for evolutionary purposes, we are hardwired to stop being sexually attracted to men when they show any kind of weakness. And I know this is true cause one time I was dating this guy, I was madly in love with him. Like, I thought that we were gonna get married. We re walking down the street, and he tripped and fell. And I instantly fell out of love with him. I just… Like, I couldn t… Like, I was embarrassed to even be near him. Like, I was disgusted by him. I think my primal brain was like, No, he is not a provider. He cannot protect you. He s a danger to you and the whole tribe. The whole species is in trouble. It s cold-blooded, man. Cold-blooded. I love that women have money now. It s so cool. But I feel like there s still this residual stereotype. Even though women have money, there s this stereotype that all women are gold-diggers. You know, like all my guy friends truly believe that women want to have sex with them, get pregnant with their baby, and just take everything for all they re worth. Take them for all their… shorts. I don t want your shorts. Okay? I m not interested. I know that this is true, cause last year I dated a guy who treated me like I was a gold-digger. Backstory: First of all, he did not have a job. That s important. The second is kind of graphic, which is that something happened to me when I turned 30 where I just could not use condoms anymore. – I d… – (cheering) Oh, okay. Well, that s really aggressive. Just… troubling. No, I think it s actually because I got health insurance. Something happens when you get health insurance. It s very liberating. I was like, This is Obamacare s problem now. It s not my problem. So, I said to him, I was like, Hey, I don t have anything, so if you don t have anything, let s just not use condoms. And he s like, Yeah, but I feel like we should still use condoms, you know, like, so you don t get pregnant. I was like, Oh, no. We re good. I m on the pill. He was like, Yeah, but the pill, it s only 98% effective. I was like, I m sorry. Do you think that I want your broke-ass fucking baby? You think I m scamming to get your shitty kid? So I can take you for all you re worth? What am I gonna take, your fucking roommates? The five grown-ass men you live with in a studio apartment? I m not a gold-digger. I m the one with the gold, dummy. Okay, trust me, if I got pregnant with your child, my lawyer would come over, and they would… terminate that shit himself, okay? We re good. We re fine. Ridiculous. I don t want a white baby. What am I gonna do with a white baby? That s embarrassing. I d like to think I m a little more successful than that. Brings me to a topic I m very passionate about, which is birth control options that are available to women. I can t believe that we don t have better options for birth control. They all drive me crazy. What are you on? – What are you taking? – It s an IUD. You have an IUD. Come up here, we re gonna take it out. I hate this product. Is yours plastic or metal? – Plastic. – Yours is plastic. Okay, well, she s got a McDonalds toy in her body right now. Most of them are metal, some are plastic. Most of them are a little piece of metal they put inside your uterus. I m like, I don t want metal inside my body. I don t wanna be going through airport security and having the guys behind the x-ray machine like, Oh, look at this slut coming through. This bitch had to put a tin can up in there to stop all that sperm. No, I don t want metal in my body. What if there s a storm? Guys, I can t make it tonight, it s raining. I hate this product. Mostly because, like, they would never develop that product for men. That would never be a product on the market for men. Right? You and I would never be dating, and you d be like, Babe, what should we do for birth control? I d be like, I have an idea. How about we take a metal rod and put it up your dick hole, and leave it there for about five years, or until it gets infected. Is that a good idea? I hate this product. And it has like, three pages of side effects. I can t believe that they release a product with three pages of side effects. I m like, Go back, it s not ready. I looked at the side effects for the IUD. It was like migraines, abdominal pain, and depression. I was like, I might as well have a fucking kid. What about you? What are you up to? Pill. The pill. Do you know which one? No? This fucking generation, man. They don t even… They ll just put anything in their mouths. They don t even care. Like, Oh, poison? Fine. You don t even… Do you know what color the box is, at least? – It s pink. – It s pink. Motherfuckers. I hate that. That drives me nuts. Like, that is so… Everything about the pill is insulting to me. The fact they make the box pink. The pill is pink, as if all women just like, love pink. And if the pill being pink affects your decision of whether you re gonna take it or not, that means you re 10 years old and you re too young to be on birth control anyway, okay? Second of all, if you want me to remember to take my pill every day, don t make it pink. Make it in the shape of tiny crying babies. I can t stand the pill. I actually just read this article about how the pill works. Basically, the way the pill works is it tricks your body into thinking you re pregnant. Your brain starts producing the same neurochemicals and hormones as if your body is pregnant, you know this. You watch Oprah. Good girl. And then you start being attracted to more alpha males. Their pheromones start smelling stronger, and you re attracted to alpha males, the kind of man that could protect your future offspring. The problem is that in modern times alpha males are signified by tattoos and motorcycles, which explains why I ve been dating such assholes since I m 15 years old. The way that it works is that I meet a nice, sensitive guy I want to share my future with. I start taking birth control to plan it, and then all of a sudden, I only can have an orgasm if I smell Axe body spray. That s not fair. And it s an example of how biology has not yet caught up with modern technology. It s the 21st century, I don t need an alpha male to protect me. We have street lights, okay? We have alarm systems. I don t need an alpha male. I need a guy with fast Wi-Fi, so I can google Can I take Xanax while pregnant? That s my baby s father. Okay? I don t need a big, strong man to fight off a tiger. I need a geek who can get my naked photos off the cloud. I hate the pill. Everything about the packaging of the pill is so insulting. Like, even the fact that it s the only medication that comes with a calendar. Like we re too stupid to remember to take our pill every day. The guys that developed it are like, They can t handle taking their pill every day, so let s make it look like a tiny advent calendar, and we ll trick them into taking it. They ll be like, ‘Ooh, chocolate? Gobble, gobble, gobble.  I feel like the calendar s actually for you guys. ‘Cause I know you guys like, go and look at our pill at 2:00 in the morning, and you re like, Oh, Wednesday s empty, thank God. They put so much effort into trying to make sure we don t forget to take our pill. Like, they make a patch. Have you heard of the birth control patch? It s like a sticker you put on your shoulder that administers the medication for you. It s like, can you imagine getting a girl naked and seeing a giant patch? Like, Ooh, she s slutty and she has a bad memory. That s wifey material. Put a ring on that shit. So, I told my doctor I didn t want to use birth control pills anymore, and she was like, Oh, well, you should use the morning after pill. You know, the plan B pill is now available over-the-counter. I m just like, How lazy can you be? The guy s like, Do you have a condom? I m like, Ugh. Let s just deal with it in the morning. Which, by the way, we re not gonna deal with it in the morning. I m the one that has to deal with it. I m the one who has to wake up at 6:00 a.m. and go stand in line. And you realize the morning after pill is $49? I have never had sex with a guy and the next morning been like, Yeah, that was worth 50 bucks. And it s not just 50 bucks cause you can t just buy a morning after pill alone or the cashier s gonna think you re a slut. So, you gotta buy a bunch of other products to put on top of it to hide it. You know? You gotta crowd it with like, Q-tips and floss, and a bunch of other shit you re never gonna use. What else is there? Am I missing anything? NuvaRing? That s not still happening, is it? NuvaRing? What are you doing? The pill. What kind? Do you know? You re on Ortho Tri-Cyclen? That s some 90s shit. I was taking that in the 90s! Bitch, you are loyal. I like that. Are you still on AOL? Jamming out with a Walkman, she s like, Unh! with her CD, Mmm. – NuvaRing. No NuvaRing? – Woman: Yes! Yes, okay. Let s… Do you have it in right now? – Yes? – Yes! Yeah, okay. Good to know. I just wanted to get a visual, thank you. I gotta have some fun up here, too, guys. I just… To me, the NuvaRing, that is just proof that doctors get stoned out of their minds and just start brainstorming ideas for women s birth control. They re like, Oh my God, oh my God, I have an idea. What if we took a piece of tupperware and made it in the shape of our dicks so when we re having sex we can, like, play basketball with our dicks? They ll be like, Yeah, two points! Two points! Two points! The only logical explanation for that. I know a lot about birth control right now because I recently had to do something kind of cool. I have an announcement to make. Do you guys want to hear it? Audience: Yeah! Last month I froze my eggs. (cheers) I always love this reaction from people. ‘Cause the women always clap and the guys just panic. Like, they just… They think they re in trouble or something. Which is so weird to me because I thought guys would love that I froze my eggs. I thought I would be, like, the sexy, awesome girl who doesn t want to get pregnant right now. But no, it s not hot. It s not an aphrodisiac. Guys aren t into it. You can t be hooking up with a guy and he s like, Hey, do you have a condom? I m like, Don t worry, boo, my shit s on ice down by the airport. Guy s aren t into it. Maybe it s cause you guys don t know what it is? That s what I think. Do you know what it is? No idea. Just based on the words egg freezing? Just freeze em? Just freeze em? Just… That s… What s that move? Just freeze em. You mean, like… They re not in my freezer. It s not like a freezer drawer. Just put em in the fridge. Just… You know what this guy is? Just based on your response to that, you seem like you re, like, literal guy, you know? Like, everyone s dated literal guy. The guy who in an argument just sticks to the facts. You re the guy who s like, No, I didn t say you were a bitch, I said you were being a bitch. And then you re like, Shit, I gotta regroup. Hold on. What about you? Do you know what it is, egg freezing? Yes, you do? What? Cryopreserve your eggs. Whoa, good! You cryopreserve your eggs. That was good. You ve been watching some weird porn, obviously. Yeah, so basically, I just realized that most guys don t know what it is. I found this out because the week that I froze them, I had to be on bed rest for a couple days, and I had to cancel a gig. So, I told my agent can you tell the manager I need to reschedule it. I go to the reschedule date, the manager runs up to me, he s like, Are you okay? I heard your ovaries were removed! I was like, Okay, let s just talk about this. So, essentially, you freeze your eggs if you want to get pregnant at some point, but just not right now. Like, I m not ready. I would like to have a kid at some point, but I m not responsible enough yet. I still leave coffee on the top of my car like twice a day. I should not be a mother right now. And biology is again completely backwards. Like, it s ridiculous to me that a 15-year-old girl can get pregnant easily, but a 45-year-old woman can t. Like, I have never met a 15-year-old girl and been like, You would make a great mom. Love your Instagram selfies. I think you re ready to be responsible for a human life. No. And all my girlfriends in their 40s are fucking awesome. They re all like superheroes, they can do anything. I have a girlfriend the other day had a splinter, she ripped it out with her teeth… like it was nothing. I have a girlfriend, she s 45, she can return things at a store without a receipt. That s like some Jason Bourne shit right there. I m really glad that I did it. I feel like it took off all this pressure that I had on me, you know? Like, I realized before I froze my eggs, there was just this constant inner monologue that was like, Is this the guy you re gonna be with? If not, you have to move on to someone else. And I felt like I had to accomplish all my professional goals by the time I was, like, 35. And it was just in the back of my mind all the time. Like, I d be in traffic, and I d be like, You guys, let s go! I m rotting from the inside! We gotta move, okay? Uterus is molding, let s move! I feel like you guys will never understand that pressure because you guys don t have that clock. Guys can have kids as late as they want. Clint Eastwood had a kid at like, 70 years old. Robert De Niro had one at like, 68, which is so weird to me. The idea of having a kid at 68 years old. That s like being like, I really want a kid, but only for, like, 10 years. And I want to be deaf for most of it. That s… I m so glad I did it. It took all this pressure off. Like, I used to be this stress case, now I m just chilling, man. So easy. Like, my agent calls me up, he s like, Where s that script? I m like, I don t know, I m high as fuck. Call Sarah Silverman or some shit, man. ‘Cause I m watching Game of Thrones again today. Hey, camera. I… Thank you. You freeze your eggs for a couple of reasons. If you want to postpone having kids, also if you want to get a surrogate at some point, which I m kind of obsessed with the idea of getting a surrogate. It s like you hire a woman to carry your kid for you, which I really want to do at some point. But I feel kind of guilty about that idea because when you get a surrogate, you re essentially, like, asking another woman to do your dirty work for you. It s like, worse than a guy getting a hooker. ‘Cause when you get a hooker, you guys just want to use a woman s body for an hour. I want to use it for nine months, and totally wreck it. I m literally gonna destroy that shit. Not nice. I just feel like I would like my kid so much more if I didn t carry my kid. Does that make sense? Like, I totally support those toddler and tiara moms. I think those kids should work. I think they should have to tap dance to pay for all the damage they did to those poor women. Although I feel like if you have a surrogate have your kid you can t control the kid as well. You know? Like, the way my mom used to guilt me into doing things was she d be like, I carried you for nine months. I d be like, Oh… That s a good point. But if, like, I had a surrogate, what am I gonna say? I m gonna be like, I had to drive 10 minutes to pick you up. Traffic was a nightmare. Yeah, it s not as good. When you freeze your eggs, the doctor asks you if you want to get a donor, like a sperm donor. Because if you want to freeze embryos, you know? Like, basically it s if you freeze an embryo, that means a sperm fertilizes the egg, and I was like, I don t have any sperm available in my house at the moment. So, he s like, Maybe you should get a donor. And I wasn t really ready for that, but I got super obsessed with the kind of person who would become a sperm donor. So, I went online and I was, like, on the donor site. You d think that sperm donors were complete losers. Not true. In order to be a sperm donor, you have to be at least 5 8. I was like, I m sorry, what shallow bitch was 45 years old, not married, no options, goes into the sperm bank, is like, Oh, 5 7 ? Never mind. I m gonna get on Farmers Only and take my chances. Fuck that weirdo midget. And in order to be a sperm donor, you have to have at least four years of college. I was like, I don t want my sperm donor to have four years of college. ‘Cause if you have four years of college and you re jerking off into a cup for $100, you re a drug addict. And if you don t have four years of college and you re jerking off into a cup for $100, you re an entrepreneur and I like your hustle. You can be my baby daddy any day. – Man: I will! – You will? I m good. Pass. Got me into some trouble. I got cheated on. Has anyone been cheated on? Okay, well, you ve all been cheated on, just so you know. Sorry you have to find out like this. I fond out in the stupidest way. We were at a movie theater and I dropped my phone in between the seats. So, I asked him if I could use his phone to call my phone. I m holding his phone for maybe eight minutes. He gets three different text messages from a girl he had programmed in his phone as Sandylicious. Think about this. Really think about how hot a girl has to be for a guy to take the time to program in that long of a fucking name. He was like, S-A-N-D- Y-L-I-C-I… And you know that shit autocorrected like six times, so he had to go back to the beginning. S-A-N-D, shit. S-A… Still worth it… D-I-L-I… So, I had to confront him about it. I was like, Hey, why is some girl named Sandylicious texting you at midnight on a Friday? And he goes, Oh, she s my friend. Why don t you just punch me in the tit? It would be less insulting to my intelligence. Like, I m just curious, has that ever worked in the history of time? Has any girl ever been jealously freaking out and the guy was like, Oh, she s my friend, and the girl was like, Oh my God, I am so sorry! I was totally overreacting. Go back to texting your bro, Sandylicious. No! I have a lot of guy friends in my phone, none of them are programmed in under Joey smooth dick. That s not my friend. We re not friends. I feel like you guys don t know this. It s also so obvious when you re getting lied to by a guy cause you guys all lie the same exact way. You guys need to have a meeting, or start a chatroom or something. Because you know you re getting lied to by a guy because he will repeat the question you ask him in the answer to buy time to make up the lie. So, I ll be like, Hey, where were you till 3:00 in the morning?  Where was I? Until 3:00? In the morning? It s like, can you just make up your lie in the car like an adult, please? Can I at least get that respect? And you know you re getting lied to when a guy goes, Ugh, well… Well, what do you want me to say right now? You want me to make up your lie? How lazy can you be? And then you know you re getting cheated on when a guy goes, Well, what s your definition of cheating? I m like, Uh, if you had fun without me, you cheated. It s very simple. Another announcement to make, which is… being cheated on now is extra hard for me because when I was in my 20s, no one ever admits this, but when I was in my 20s, I cheated. Now s your time, girl. Live it up. I was… I cheated in my 20s because I was an idiot. I was insecure and I was worried the guy I was with was gonna leave me for someone else. Who cares the reason. The point is getting cheated on now is even worse because I know what you re doing because I ve done it, and you re gross. I used to do the shadiest things when I used to cheat. I used to program guys names in my phone as other things so the guy I was dating didn t know what was going on, you know? And then he s be like, Hey, why is Bank of America calling you at 2:00 in the morning?  That is weird. You know, they ve really stepped up their customer service. They really wanna make sure my check clears. I am gonna thank them in the morning. He s like, All right, well, why did Rite Aid just text you a photo of a dick?  Bizarre! That s disgusting. We are switching to Walgreens tomorrow! I don t know if, in general, as a society we re getting grosser, or if the Internet s just bringing it to the surface, but I just think, in general, there s a movement towards perversion that feels new to me. The first thing that made me think this was a couple months ago, I went on a date with a guy, then we went on a second date. On the second date, he asked me if I could squirt. Let s talk about it. Look, first of all, I do not squirt. Just so you know, I am not a squirter. I am not squirting. I am not a squirting lady. I don t know if I m just dehydrated? If I need more Gatorade in my life? I m not squirting, okay? I mean, if you want, I will compromise, and I will pee on you. I d rather not, but if that s your thing, I m sure I could fashion some pee. I m gonna have to turn on the faucet. I m not into it. Here s the… This is new. This is a new thing. Five years ago, I never heard about squirting. Okay? Five years ago, I feel like the gross, taboo thing everyone wanted their girl to do was anal. It was all about anal, right? Now anal s just like… You just have to do that now. It s not even weird anymore. It s just, like, on the menu. It s not just for birthdays anymore. It s happening. Which, I do not think that s okay. I think we need to make it weird again. I think we need to make it taboo again. This is how I know anal sex has gone mainstream. I have a girlfriend, she has a daughter who is 16 years old. She goes to a Catholic school, and she said her girlfriends in the Catholic school at 16 years old are now having anal sex instead of regular sex so that they don t technically lose their virginity. Right? Have you heard of that? My thing is if you re having anal sex at 16 years old to stay right with God, I have news for you. There is no God. Get a new religion, cause your God fucking hates you. No. No. Stay away from my butt. I have a house. No. I have worked too hard. That s my point. You guys are getting ungrateful. You guys have lost sight of the fact that our bodies were perfectly designed to have sex with you, anatomically. Whatever you believe in. Say, it s evolution or God. Say you believe in God. God perfectly designed the female body to have sex with you. Right? Vagina here. Perfect placement. Boobs here if you want a little… Perfect. The head moves back and forth in case you don t want to look at her face. God thought of everything. And then God was putting the female body together and was like, Ugh, there s this other hole. It s a terrible hole. Horrible things come out of it. It s awful. We can t put it in the front or else men would never have sex with women. God s like, You know what I m gonna do? I m gonna hide it. I m gonna put it in the back in, like, a ravine. I m gonna put big pieces of fat on either side of it. He ll never even know it s there. She can walk away naked, he ll never see it. It s genius. Genius! The female body is complete. Cut to God looking down now. A guy s like, Eh, eh, ehh… God s like, Oh, my God! How did they even find it? I hid that thing pretty well. They re animals! No. Uh-uh. Nope. Nope. Nuh-uh. No. Not squirting. Nope. We re starting a movement here tonight. Hashtag no squirting. Get it going. No. You know why? It s… You guys are pushing it now. You re ungrateful, you re spoiled, and you re pushing it. Like, do our bodies not do enough amazing things? Enough miraculous things? We can make a life. We can get pregnant. We can breastfeed our babies. We can give you orgasms. Now you want us to put out fires? It s too much. That s too much. And I m a pretty slutty person. The fact that there s something I won t do, that s bad. That is off the grid, okay? I ll do anything. I will literally do anything cause I m fun. I am fun. I ll do anything. What do you want? Spank me? Great. Go for it. I will try not to laugh, but go for it. Choking, that s the new thing. Everyone s gotta get choked now? Choke me. Great. Choke me. I ll even throw in a little Ehh… I m fun! I m fun. But you re pushing it now, okay? I m not squirting. Who has time for that? Okay? I m not gonna clean up squirt. No. I have a job. I don t have time for that. You gotta go to Home Depot, you gotta get a tarp, you gotta put the tarp down. My bedroom looks like Dexter s garage. I m not living that way. Was sex not awkward enough before squirting? Do you remember the awkward talk before sex? Used to be like Hey, do you have a condom? Now it s like, Hey, do you have a ShamWow? Shit s about to get crazy. You don t want me to squirt. You do not want me to squirt because if I could squirt, I would use it for evil all the time. Any time I was in my boyfriend s car, I d be like, You sure you want to text that girl back? I didn t think so. I m worried. I m worried for the next generation of boys. ‘Cause now guys in their… Teenage kids, they watch porn now before they ever actually see a naked woman. Before they ever actually have sex, they re watching porn. And they think that s gonna happen. They think that women are just these human Bellagio fountains, just squirting constantly. They think they re gonna walk into that. Remember our generation of boys, they would show up to lose their virginity with like, a rose. Now kids show up to lose their virginity with just a snorkel, an umbrella, just flippers. It s not healthy. It s all just escalated way too far, way too fast. Do you remember, like, the good old days, like our generation, we used to have, like, first base and second base, remember? It used to be like first base was, like, kissing. Remember? Second base was, you know, hand up the shirt. Now it is so escalated. It is so extreme. Now, like, first base is just sex. Second base, squirting. Third base, gangbang. A home run, he just takes you out in the alley, murders you, jerks off on your dead body. It s a war zone out there, man. ‘Cause one day, you guys will become desensitized to squirting. One day, that will be boring to you, and then what are we gonna do? We just gonna have to pull out our intestines and throw em in your face? It s not good. I think we ought to draw a line. We gotta just take it down. It s getting too intense. It s like every week you guys come out with a new way to humiliate us. You guys wanna have sex with our boobs now. You guys wanna squeeze our boobs and fuck em? What are you doing? What guy was ever having sex with a woman and was like, Ugh, this vagina feels terrible, ugh. I wish I had another one that was completely dry. I know what to do. No, that s my heart, you idiot! Get your dick off my heart. You guys have gotten spoiled. You have too many options. That s the problem, you have too many options. You guys are like… It s not Whac-A-Mole. I m a human being. I have feelings and dreams. And parents. You guys are pushing it. It s getting more… Like, I just feel like you never come back from that, having a man s… torso in your… face. I feel like one day, one day I will be a mother, right? Thanks to the miracles of egg freezing. One day I will be a mother. I will be holding my beautiful baby, I ll be looking down at my beautiful baby s eyes, we ll be having this beautiful mother-daughter bond, and then I m just gonna have a flashback to just a dick just a dick, just a dick… It s not how I wanted motherhood to go down. Excuse me, I have to fix my hair after my dick hit it. You guys are getting desensitized, and it s like, I feel like you guys are getting more violent towards us, also. It s like, the new thing you guys want to do is the gagging thing? (gagging) Is that sexy to you? (resumes gagging) You into that, sir? You into that? Is that your thing? You like that, Internet? If you re into that, just go to jail now. You re gonna end up there eventually. What, you want to put your dicks in our throats until we… That s where I breathe out of. You wanna fuck my oxygen supply now? Is that what it s come to? Do you even like me? Should I leave? Like, what is the psychology? The psychology of it is like, Yeah, my big dick s gonna make her gag. You know what else makes me gag? A NyQuil gelcap. It s not that big of a deal. I asked a guy friend of mine about this. I was like, What s up with the gagging thing? What s happening with the gagging thing? He goes, Oh, gagging s awesome cause it makes the girl cry. What?! I thought guys hated it when we cried? Now I know when guys leave the room when I m crying. They re going to the bathroom to jerk off. Weirdos. I don t like it. I just think about all this and I m like, you know what? I just feel like women, we re always the ones having to do the gross, kinky, nasty, tricks in the bedroom. I feel like you guys need to come up with a couple fucking tricks. (cheering) Thank you. I will strike a deal with you, okay? I will learn to squirt if you teach your dicks how to blow bubbles. Thank you guys so much for coming out to the show, everybody! Thank you! (cheering) Thank you! Hi, cuties! Thank you! First and foremost… I just want to say thank you so much for coming out. It s always been such a big dream of mine to have an HBO special, so this is a very big deal for me. Thank you. Thank you. Um, and I would like to dedicate this special to my father who is right now going through something. Keep fighting, Dad, I love you very much. And, as promised, I will now take some pictures with you guys because I know that the only reason you guys came here was to get a fucking selfie, and you haven t been listening this entire show, and you re just trying to figure out how this is gonna benefit you and your Instagram feed. So… (laughing) So, what we ll do is you guys can put your phone in selfie mode. I think you probably know how to do that, you live in Los Angeles, all you do is take selfies. So, hold it up and I ll get in the background of it. So, uh, let s do it. Thank you, guys. I love you. ? ?

CHRISTINA PAZSITZKY@MOTHER INFERIOR@2017@ [male announcer] Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Christina P! [cheering, applause] Oh, stop it! Stop it. Sit down, sit down. All right. Stop it. You guys know I can t handle that much approval. [laughter] Oh, my gosh. Thank you so much for coming, Seattle. This is so exciting! [cheering, applause] Oh… a lot has happened since I was here last time. That s right. I made a person come out of me! Yeah. I don t know if you guys have, uh, children, but having a newborn, it s, uh, well, it s a real miracle, you know? I d say the real miracle is that I stayed sober for nine months. Am I right, ladies? Ha ha ha ha! Here s the thing though, having a baby, like, it broke me down emotionally, spiritually, physically. Physically, my body is dog shit. I got tits like Rick Ross. I don t know. This is a pretty white audience. Jonah Hill. Yeah, Jonah Hill. And it s so funny because the– the big thing is breast-feeding in public, right? That s a big scandal. I don t wanna see boobs while I m eating nachos at the restaurant.  Oh, well, don t worry about that, sir, because once you have babies, you don t have boobies no more. That s right. Cause now I got mom tits. That s right. Soggy, hanging, mushy, purple nipples! Brown, covered in skin tags, Morgan Freeman-looking mom tits! Boobies are for young, beautiful girls– like you. You are– How old are you, Sugar Cans? Twenty-five. Ha ha ha ha! Twenty-five. What s gonna happen tomorrow? I don t even know. [snorts] I might go to brunch or, like, Netflix and chill– Whatever. It s so great. Look at you. See, you ve got boobies. Everybody stop and look. These are boobs. Crane your neck, lady. Look, yeah. Those are perfect. See, boobies, you want to just snuggle and… and… You know, like a soft-serve ice cream. You wanna mash it in your face! Aaah! But mom tits… Mom tits you wanna throw in the trash. And it s messed up because, like, none of my, uh, girlfriends told me how hard it was having children. Like, women don t admit to feeling ambivalent sometimes about raising kids. Instead they use soft language, and they say things like, Well, hmm… having a child, it s, uh… [chuckling] Well, it s challenging. I m like, No. No! No. Sticking to a diet is challenging. Doing a yoga pose is challenging. Holding in a fart during a massage… Which I can t do anymore, by the way. No, I love my son. I do. He was, like, the best thing that ever happened to me. He is the love of my life. His name is Ellis, and he s 18 months old. And I– I love him so much. And I am– Thank you, yes. Thank you for love. Oh! I love him so much, and I am a fierce mama wolf. And I would slit all of your throats… [screams] …to save my kid s life. But… But sometimes I might lock myself in the bathroom and clean my ears, and I might just push that Q-tip all the way in. It s challenging. Nobody tells you that, like, pregnancy, that s the fun part. Being pregnant was so fun, you know. Cause I would get the ultrasounds every week, cause I was, like, an old mom, and I would mess with those nurses. They d have that wand in me, and I d be like, Oh, hey, can you see if my high school boyfriend s class ring is still in there? Can you tell if my son is gay? How bout black? I don t know. The best part was lying to my husband. Because they don t know anything about the female body. You can tell them anything, you know. I d be like, Oh, Boo-Boo, Boo-Boo, there s so much I can t do now that I m pregnant. Oh, I can t have wine. I can t eat sushi. Oh, yeah, I can t give blow jobs either. No. I read on the Internet they make the baby autistic. Of course, he s like, So? It s challenging. It s kinda crazy when you think about it though, like, philosophically, when you think about how much it takes to make every one of you, every human being. I mean, like, a woman carries you lovingly in her body for nine months. And then [raspberry] births you. And then carries you in her arms for two more years and feeds you and loves you and reads to you and sings to you. And I gotta tell you, most of you, not worth it. A lot of goddamn losers on the planet. Just genetically speaking, millions of Snookis… one Beyoncé. Most of you won t win a Pulitzer Prize or a Cracker Jack prize. What can you do? But my favorite part of having a baby is they tell you to have a birth plan, right? A fucking birth plan. As if you got anything to do with bringing a child into this world. It s between God and that baby. Got nothing to do with you. But all these nutbags in LA, they re like, Oh, Christina, you gotta have that baby naturally. You gotta do it natural. You gotta give birth naked in a creek. You can bite on branches for the pain. Argh! Well, women have been doing it that way for thousands of years. Well, yeah, before drugs were invented. They were like, Christina, what s your birth plan? I was like, Motherfucker, I plan on not feeling shit! Give me the 1950s birth. Put me out, wake me up three days later with a baby and a martini. Let s hand that kid off to some nice overweight black lady in a maid costume. Let Maisy raise it. Well, here s– The black guy s laughing. It s fine. Guys, relax, okay? I mean… I can feel your collective anuses tightening. Like, This is Seattle. We don t joke like that. So they told me– They were like, Christina, you re gonna have to have a C-section. So we schedule it. Cause they were like, the baby s head is so big, and you re so small. Like your… your meow is so petite. So, I was like, Awesome. I m gonna have my C-section, yeah. Okay. So what do you think happened on the day of my planned C-section? Moms? That s right. I went into labor! And I squeezed a human out of this tiny, little fragile meow. And I had to have an episiotomy. [women] No! Oh, yeah. For those of you who don t know, they had to cut my taint. [giggles, snorts] The area between my balls and my butt hole. Whoo-hoo-hoo! [laughs, snorts] Wow! Wow! You think childbirth is scary. Uh, not as terrifying as that first post-episiotomy dump. Holy shit, that is a nail-biter, huh? [nervous giggling] Oh, cause it s all Frankenstein loose-meat sandwich down there. Yeah. Do you guys have Arby s here? You know what I m talking about? You dip it in the juice and then the… Oh. Nobody tells you that stuff, man. Nobody tells you. And nobody tells you this, okay? It s not good, but– I don t mean to scare you guys, but when you have a baby… you kinda hate your husband. I mean not– Just for, like, a lot. You really hate him. Just in the beginning, you know. You re so full of hormones, and it s so traumatic, it s so weird. And, I mean, you could be married to Gandhi, and you would just still just hate him! Like, I remember breast-feeding our son in the middle of the night, just breast-feeding our kid at 4:00 in the morning, rocking, muttering to myself in the dark. You motherfucker. Well, your career keeps going. I m stuck here breast-feeding this baby. Well, have fun in New York. That must be nice.  Can I help you with anything?  Yes, you can grow a pair of tits. How bout that? But then it passes. It passes. And then you go back to normal, you know. And, actually, I really like my husband. I like him. I love him. I don t know why people marry people they hate. You can choose who you marry. This isn t India. Just… I love my husband. I laugh at his jokes. I think he s fantastic. And then all day, every day, I wanna punch him in his dumb face. And it s not the big things that make you wanna kill your spouse. It s little stuff. Little stuff. Like, why does he have to ask me where everything is… all the time… in his own goddamn house? Like I m Carson, the butler, and we live in Downton Abbey or something. All day on a loop– Where are the keys? Where s the dog? Where s the garage? When we got married, we were so poor we lived in a studio apartment. A studio apartment. And he had the nerve to ask me where stuff was. Where s the spatula? I m like, Motherfucker. Everything we own… is out. Like, what… How lazy are you? But I don t nag. Don t nag. It falls on deaf ears. Do what I do: Use positive reenforcement. Positive. Like Cesar Millan. [Spanish accent] I use calm assertive energies. I am the pack leader. So when I see the behavior I d like to see more of, I encourage it. I ll see him doing something, I ll get up behind him, I ll be like, Oh, oh, yeah. Mmm, you loading up that dishwasher? Oh, you know clean dishes make me wanna suck stuff. But don t say that unless you mean it cause… they ll come looking for payment quick. And then you gotta be like, No! Or whatever that stupid… Well, no, cause there s a small window where a woman will do that, you know. And I mean like in the beginning of the relationship, that s the best for a guy. That s blow job season. In the beginning, we re so thrilled to be there, we ll blow you for anything. You got me tickets to the comedy show? [grunting] Six-piece McNuggets. [grunting] You open the car door for me? [grunting] And then you get married, and it s like… Honeymoon blow job? No, we stopped serving that yesterday. Yeah, that ain t on the menu anymore, my man. You better get that while the getting s good. But you gotta do that stuff, you know, you gotta, Oh, I love it. Well, you have to, man. I don t wanna be single. Are you kidding me? No way, not in this era. Uh-uh. No way. Cause women, you know, we can t just get all old and fat like in the good ol days, you know? Like, now, now we gotta maintain our fuckability at every era of our lives. It s exhausting. You know, Kathy Bates is an amazing actress because she kinda has to be. You know, I mean, like, you turn 30, you pump out a kid, and now they call you MILF. Blah-blah-blah! Forty, and now I m a cougar. [snarls] Then you re a grandma, and you re like, Ah, sweet. I m out of the system. No, you ain t. Now, now, they call you a GILF.  A grandma I d like to fuck. No, not Nana. Not sweet, butterscotch candy-givin Nana! No! And here s the thing that s wack. There s nothin for dudes, right? They don t call you guys animal names or acronyms. They don t call you guys DILFS. Well, it s true, you know, cause there s no such thing as a dad you wanna fuck. Well, no, I know this because I ve been in the airports in the Midwest, and I have seen the dads. Oh, I ve seen you dads. Really, Dad? You think some woman is gonna be like, ‘Oh, yeah. Dad. Oh. I love those faded blue jeans you got on. Mm-mmm! Oh, is that a brown braided belt? How do you keep those white New Balance sneakers so white, Dad? Oh, oh, is that a phone holster? Ring-ring, official dad business. Dad, I love the clever way you kept those glasses on your head with that rope.  But what always gets me, dads, it s always in the jeans. Oh, it s always in those jeans. Cause they re always so high… and so tight. They re so high and tight. [cheering] Yeah! You can almost see the outline… of Dad s vagina. Right next to that expired Subway punch card in Dad s wallet. Oh, my God. Who am I? Who are we? Oh, my gosh. I can t believe I m a parent. I can t believe I have to raise a human in this world. The world is so messed up. And– And I feel bad for this generation. I really feel bad for millennials, for you guys, like… yeah. Well, cause everybody hates you so much. See? They hate you. [laughs] Yeah, kill her. Yeah. I know, it s so messed up, and I think the reason that people don t like you that are my age is because you guys like yourselves so much. You guys have self-esteem. And my generation, we did not. Like, we hated ourselves. Like, our song was Loser, by Beck. Right. But it s not your fault, man. What happened was the Gen Xers– I m a Gen Xer, I guess, on the tail end of it, whatever– we overcompensated for our crummy childhoods, and we oversteered the ship, man. And now there s helicopter parenting and attachment parenting and homeschooling and unschooling and paleo diet and vegan diet. Nobody can get their feelings hurt. Safety obsession. In my neighborhood, a child can t even walk to the park by themselves unless they wear a sign that says free-range kid. Yeah, we re all freaked out about stuff that we decided on long ago. Things like vaccines. There are people who are not vaccinating their children. Yeah. And you know why? It kind of happened, in part, because of Jenny McCarthy. -You know who Jenny McCarthy is, yeah. -[audience murmuring, booing] Former Playboy playmate, uh, author of nine books. Nine books. The Ernest Hemingway of cum Dumpsters, yeah. So… Uh, which is fine, but Jenny– What happened was Jenny– Jenny read a study, or somebody read it to her, and… the study linked autism to vaccines. It was later totally disproven, okay? But, in the meantime, this dum-dum went on all the women s talk shows… and told women not to vaccinate their children. And now you have women in LA saying things like, Well… I don t have to vaccinate my kid cause there s no such thing as whooping cough or polio. Well, yeah, because of the vaccine, you dumb cunt. [cheering, applause] Yeah. That s kind of how it works. Everyone gets the shot, and then we re all immune to the disease, but it only works if we all participate. Like a potluck or a circle jerk. And why are we taking advice from the lady who married the wrong Wahlberg? I was reading about the greatest generation. So these are Americans born during the Depression era, so they grow up all poor and shitty. And then… And then, lucky them, they got to go fight World War II. But here s the thing. They came back from the war, and they built this country into the powerhouse economy that it was at the time. Discipline, hardship, fortitude. Now, I m not saying that this generation… hasn t had its share of hardships. I mean, who can forget… the great gluten intolerance? Or the peanut allergies that ravage the nation s kindergartens? Or the horrors… of dial-up Internet? I can t say it. But you guys have renamed collard greens kale. That was pretty awesome. That was good, right? Whatever. You know what? The greatest generation, they played Call of Duty too. Except for real in foxholes… in France. There s no rebellion in you guys. There s no rebellion. You guys are supposed to hate your parents music, not remix it, right? You know that. It ain t your fault. We sucked it right out of you. We sucked the rebellion right out of you. And we did it by making you offended at everything. It s a full-time job being offended. I m offended. Do you know that people are offended by things Justin Bieber tweets? Who I love. I love Justin Bieber. He is so pretty. He is growing into a lovely Hilary Swank. I adore him. But he s not offensive. Come on, man, come on. I mean, I grew up in an era with a bad bitch named Madonna. Yes, now, Madonna, in the Like a Prayer video, was burning crosses… and French-kissing black Jesus. Whoa! Now, that s offensive. Especially because we all know Jesus is white, right? Up tall, my man. Yeah. Racist, racist. Wow. Did you see that? Wow. Make America Great Again. I heard you, sir. Offended. It s so stupid. I grew up in such an offensive household. My parents divorced, and then my mother remarried to an Indian guy. Like a fuckin … [imitates sitar] Like… Indian guy, man. Like diarrhea, not cowboy. Indian. Temple of Doom, not Dances with Wolves. 7-Eleven, not 911. There it is. There it is. I call that guy the Turbanator every day. There were no tears. Whatever. Remember… Remember a time… Remember a time when you just had a racist dad? Even if you weren t white, your dad just hated every other race. And he said crazy stuff all the time. Like, The Chinese are eating all the cookies. Women can t read. I didn t internalize that stuff. You know how much sexist crap I heard growing up? You think I let them define me? No way. Yeah, man, don t let the outside world tell you who you are. Instead I just went, Oh, yeah, my dad s an asshole. And I moved on with my life. Don t let them tell you. And stop it. Stop trying to make old white guys politically correct. It ain t gonna happen. It ain t gonna happen. And it s not their fault, you know. Cause they were raised like serial killers. It s true. Guys your dad s age, they were told as little boys not to cry. Could you imagine that? Telling a little boy, like, Ah, suck it up, sissy! Quit your crying, homo! You know what happens, by the way, when you tell little boys not to cry? They grow up to become men who grab women by their pussies. That s right. I don t know. I don t even know how I m gonna raise a boy in today s world. I mean I can t, um– I can t dress him up in blue. Well, because he hasn t chosen his gender identity yet. It s child abuse. I have to call him toddler self or baby self. Have you heard about this stuff called non-binary ? [giggles] Okay. This is mind-blowing to me. I don t know. Uh, so there s this thing– It s not the same as sexual orientation. It s not like being gay or straight or bisexual. It s your gender expression, right? So, in the morning, you could be like, Hey, I m a woman. And then by lunch, be like, I m kind of a dude. You can be astral-gendered. Yes, color-gendered. You can be animal-gendered. You can ask that people call you different pronouns, like zim, zer, or zey. Imagine explaining non-binary to your dad. My dad was like, Oh, yeah. [Hungarian accent] We used to call them faggots. Well, you can t explain that stuff to old people. Okay? My dad still doesn t get the difference between the TV and cable remotes. It s been 15 years! But that whole non-binary zim-zer … That stuff s always been around. That s not new, by the way. That ain t new. But… But the zim-zers have always been spectacular. They ve always been exceptional. You know what I mean? They ve always been, like, David Bowie. Not Keegan who runs the juice bar at Whole Foods. But whatever. I don t discriminate based on gender or sexual orientation or race or weight. None of that, man. I don t judge based on that. I judge based on grammar. [hooting, applause] Yeah. Oh, yeah. If I have to hear one more person say, Me and Tom are going to the beach, or Me and Stacy are going to dinner. It s never me and so-and-so, fucktard. -You sound… [man] Yes! You sound like Cookie Monster when you say that. Oh, me lost me cookie at the disco. Oh, boy, oh, boy, oh, boy! Yeah, me is gonna have an aneurysm if I have to hear that one more time. And you don t go and check out books from the liberry. You don t go to Starbucks and order an expresso. It s not irregardless. J.Lo s ass is not volumptuous. And you don t lack the stanima. [applauding] Yeah. But my personal favorite is when people are like, You know what, Christina? That s just a blessing in the skies. And I m like, Oh, yeah? Way up there, huh? [sighs] And then Caitlyn Jenner happened. Oh, are we sufficiently sick and tired of Caitlyn Jenner? [snorts] Yeah, I m over it. Over it. -[applauding] And I m not ragging on Caitlyn because she s transgendered or a member of the LGBT-QRSTUV, sometimes-Y community. How many letters are we gonna add to that? It s like solving the final puzzle on Wheel of Fortune . Call me Caitlyn. Call me Caitlyn, damn it. All right. Shit. We ve been calling you Bruce for 70 years. Give us a minute! We ll catch up to you. Caitlyn. Caitlyn s not, like, a hot girl name. You know, you d think that you d wait 70 years to be a woman, you d choose kind of a– kind of a sexy name. You d think one of her girlfriends would have been like, Look, bitch. Uh-uh. Caitlyn– Caitlyn ain t a hot name. Caitlyn does your taxes. But Krystal? She s a whore. Like, Caitlyn will go down on you. But Krystal? She ll eat your ass. Yeah. I mean, the honest-to-God truth is, why I m annoyed with Caitlyn Jenner, is cause that whole thing happened and it was like the sky opened and comedy manna just fell. And all the comedians were like, Yes! Ch-Ching! Here it is, guys! Bruce is Caitlyn. Let s go. But we weren t allowed to make fun of her. Nobody was allowed to make fun of Caitlyn Jenner because Caitlyn Jenner s a hero! Caitlyn Jenner s a hero! All right, all right, Caitlyn Jenner s a hero. But let s not forget the other hero, which is Photoshop. Am I right? Okay? A little– It s still a little ratchet, you know. Uh, Christina, that s trans-phobic. Well, she wants to be a woman, it s time to get criticized like one. [cheering, applause] Oh! Welcome to the sisterhood, bitch! And fuck you for joining after menopause. She can handle it. Caitlyn s a big girl. She can handle the jokes. She s a member of the most famous family in the world. And the TV show, Keeping Up With the Kardashians. Oh, my God, I m over it, man. I love the title. It s very misleading, first of all. Keeping Up With the Kardashians. Keeping up with them? Like, whoa, what are these women doing? Are we digging wells in Uganda? Are we feeding Romanian orphans? Nope. Just waxing our pussies. It s our fault. Women. We re watching this crap. And then there s spin-off shows. There s Kourtney and Kim Take New York and Kourtney and Kim Take Miami . How about Kourtney and Kim Take Algebra? I d watch every episode of that show. Oh, my God. Math is hard. Can t I just blow someone to do it for me? Well, you re in luck, Kim. The Miami Heat s in town. Oh, right. Like those guys can do math. Come on. Kourtney and Kim. What the fuck? If those two girls weren t rich, it would be Kourtney and Kim Take Your Order. I mean, I don t know. They re okay. I mean, they re pretty. That s awesome. I just feel like I don t– I don t, uh, like the narcissism. They re just too narcissistic. This whole thing– What is that where you take the same picture of yourself over and over? -What is that called? -[man] Selfie. Mental illness. Thank you. Yeah. [laughing] Love me, Daddy? How bout now?  Maybe if I get enough ‘likes it ll fill the void in my heart. [whines] I don t know. I grew up in a crazy– We grew up in a crazy, resilient time. You know that our generation is considered the least-parented generation? That s true. Look that shit up on Wikipedia. It s there. The least-parented. And we dealt with crazy stuff, man. Like, uh, crack cocaine. And AIDS. And Friends. I remember when AIDS first came out, you didn t know how you could get it. Nobody knew how you could get AIDS, and people would say crazy stuff like, You can catch AIDS from a toilet seat at a musical. -We had no idea. -[mild laughter] I like that joke so much more than you do. [laughter] I m never gonna stop telling it. Never. It s for me. Just for me. Yeah, we were the least-parented generation. We were latchkey kids. You know what that is, Millennial? Is that a band? No, it s not a band. Okay, so a latchkey kid– Here s what it was. You had a key to your own house and you would go to junior high school or whatever and school would let out, and then rather than arrange for proper child care… you would let yourself into your own home. And then… I don t know. You could be alive by the time your mom got home. And we ate terrible food, food you could only cook in a microwave cause you couldn t use the stove until your mom got home. Yeah, I grew up on a steady white trash diet of tater tots, frozen pizza with that fake cheese– it wasn t even cheese, it was rubber– and Chef Boyardee in the can. Oh, it was so good, with the fake meatballs. And then you d eat it and have, like, an electric orange ring… around your mouth. People are like, Are you wearing lipstick?  No, just the glow of a healthy diet. [laughs] But to this day, my death row meal is macaroni and cheese. [audience] Whoo! Dude, that is my jam! I love that shit! Now, my husband grew up with two parents who never threw plates of food at each other. [mock blabbering] Mm-hmm. So he didn t know how to make macaroni and cheese. Right. So I was like, You d better get your entire life… I m gonna show you how to do this. So I was showing him how to make macaroni and cheese and explaining to him how it s never cheesy enough. There s never enough goddamn orange powder. It s never cheesy enough! He goes, Why don t you open up a second box… take the flavor packet out of that one… and put that on the first. I was like, Motherfucker, we re not millionaires! Oh, okay, Rockefeller, yes. Oh, I bet you pay for Pandora too, huh? Uh-uh. We had things called PSA s– public service announcements. These taught you how to raise yourself. There were commercials on television that taught kids how to not get set on fire. And little Emmanuel Lewis would come out– little Webster– Hey, kids, we know you love to play with matches. Nobody s gonna tell you to stop. But if you get set on fire– I don t know, stop, drop and roll or some shit. That s your problem. And that s one to grow on. Except for me. I m a forever puppy. And then there was, um– there was a dog who wore a detective s costume. McGruff! Ironically, the detective s costume also looked like a pedophile s… outfit. And he had that terrifying East Coast accent. And he d be, like, Hey, kids! You see a guy who s got a van in an alley who says he s got somethin to show you, don t look! That guy s gonna fuck you! Now, take a bite out of my cock– I mean, crime! Crime! Crime. It s interesting, cause once you have kids you start to look at how you were raised, you know. And my therapist is always saying things like, Well, Christina, you know, your parents, they did the best they could. Not really. Nope. [laughs] I mean, I have empathy for them because they were immigrants. My parents had a hard-knocks life. They escaped from Hungary during Communism and– For those of you who might not remember, Communism… is when Rocky fought Ivan Drago. So my parents escaped from a country full of murder and poverty and corruption and they moved to Detroit. Yeah, kind of a lateral move. But, uh– My mom is gone now. But she was– she was really crazy. And, like, not– Mmm. Not the way every comedian comes up here and is like, Oh, my mom s so crazy. One time she mixed ranch dressing with Thousand Island dressing. No, my mom was legit cray-cray. Like tinfoil on the windows to block out alien frequencies. Wouldn t use the telephone or send e-mails because they re listening! Turns out they are, but that s… another story. Ah! Mom s always right. [chuckles] I still have my dad, and my dad is, like, a hard-core Eastern Bloc dude, you know. He was a forklift mechanic his whole life. He eats sausage three meals a day. Hates feelings, loves Speedos. That s my dad. And my father had a real love for our family dog. And as dogs do, this one died. And he was reminiscing with me the other day about our family dog. He goes, Ah, Christika, ah, fuck, I loved this dog. I mean, I come home from work, he s happy to see me. I go take a piss in the other room, he s following me. I have so much love for this dog. I have a– What s the word? Unconditional love. I don t feel this way for anybody else. Yeah. Our son was learning how to walk. It was, like, the most awesome moment in a parent s life. Right? Oh, my God, my baby s walking. And my dad s there and we re encouraging him. We re like, Come on, baby, you can do it! Come on, Ellis, you can do it! Good job, good job, good job! My dad goes, Ah, shit. Come on, come on, come on, come on. All this ‘good job, good job, good job. How about at, like, the end of the day, one ‘good job ?  Cause we re raising a Russian gymnast. You know, you gotta… My therapist says I m being too negative, so I wanna close this special on something positive. Let s talk about death. -Yay! Okay, good. Yeah! [applause] Oh, how fun! I hate it when old celebrities die. Not when it s the young ones. When it s the young ones I get excited. Oh, is Macaulay Culkin finally gone? Any day now it s gonna happen. Put him on your death pool. I just hate it because in LA when an old celebrity dies, they cover it on the news 24-7. I remember when Nancy Reagan died. It was like, Oh! Oh! Nancy Reagan dead at 94! The tragic and untimely death… of Nancy Reagan. And you re like, what? I mean, what did you think was gonna happen this year for Nance? Did you think she was gonna join CrossFit and learn Mandarin? Ninety-four! You shouldn t live that long. Did you know, in the medieval period you died at 35? Thirty-five, lights out. And you died of crazy stuff. Like, a dragon would come out of the sky! [hisses] Breathe fire on you! Orcs with their machetes would just– [snarls] Slice you right in half, man. Ninety-four? What are you gonna do with that much life? And I m not, like, suicidal or anything like that. Like, I love life. I am a goddess. I made life. But there s only so much shit you can do on the planet. You know what I mean? Like, you re born, hopefully, in a first-world country, right? If you re lucky, you get two parents. Maybe one of them is remotely normal. You go to junior high school. You learn to smoke some cigarettes. You turn goth. You get finger-blasted by some nice guy behind the racquetball courts. In the summer of 1991 you go to Lollapalooza and drop two hits of acid instead of one, freak out and lose your mind during Jane s Addiction s Ocean Size. You have to leave, and you forever regret that because they broke up shortly after and you never got to see them perform. You go to college. You study philosophy. You graduate, only to find that they aren t hiring at the philosophy company. You get a job, or 22 of them in the course of four years, that you either quit or get fired from until you find something you really enjoy doing, and you stick to it and you grind it out, week after week, in seafood restaurants, hibachi grills and dive bars and comedy clubs until finally, finally, after 14 fuckin years, they give you your own goddamn comedy special in Seattle! [audience cheering] Yeah! Yeah! Yeah. You get married, you pump out some kids, you get a mortgage. You come to the comedy show. You make the mistake of sitting in the front row. You go home. You screw. You take a shit. And then you die. And that s it. Unless you re Buddhist. Then rinse and repeat. And that s life! And that s life. And it s beautiful because it s finite. There s a beginning, a middle and an end. But some people don t want to leave this planet. Mm-mmm. Some people get greedy with life. Greedy motherfuckers. People like Dick Clark. Oh, you remember Dick Clark, right? Hosted American Bandstand and New Year s Rockin Eve . And he was really good. He was on TV from the time television was invented. Quite literally. Literally. And he was really good at his job. Until one day… Dickie had a stroke. And I mean like a… [groaning] A stroke. It was bad. So bad. Like… You ever see, like, a 15-year-old Chihuahua? Like, a really old one? Blind in one eye, patchy fur, that gnaws on itself. [snarling] But with an ironic name like Sunshine or Hope. That was Dick Clark. I know, and you d think that somebody who worked in television, where this is really important, might step down from the gig. Not old Dickie. This narcissistic douche bag… refused to stop hosting New Year s Rockin Eve … because he was convinced he was the only person in show biz who could count backwards from ten to one. Now, I wasn t there for the last time he hosted New Year s Rockin Eve , but, I mean, I d like to act it out for you, if I… [audience cheering, applauding] [laughing] Well, I guess I have to. Okay! Here we go. [clears throat] Dick Clark hosting New Year s Rockin Eve for the last time. Here it is. Hey, we re comin at you live from Times Square. We got Dick Clark down on the ground. Hey, Dick, tell us, how do all those hot guys and gals look tonight? I can see their pussies! [laughs] Ah, Dick, we never know what you re gonna say. Hey, why don t you go ahead and just do the countdown, Dick? Just go ahead and count us down. Ten… four… Salmon is delicious Aw, geez, these Puerto Ricans basically fuck in the street, don t they? Well, that s it for us. I d really watch that show if he did that. I think my therapist is right. I m being too negative. That s why I m gonna get positive on death. Here is my proposal to you, Seattle. You give me the last two weeks of your life and we go on… your last cruise. Hear me out. I get us a nice ship. A nice one. Not that Carnival Walmart-at-sea shit. Like a… Like one of those Italian ones, you know? You come on my boat, I give you a bag of black tar heroin… and a bunch of filthy needles. Cause who gives a shit, right? [laughs, snorts] And we do all the drugs you ve ever wanted to do. It s LSD, GHB, DMT. We call Cosby, get some quaaludes. Crystal meth. Cocaine. We get so high that we grind our teeth down to nubbins. [yapping] We have the cosmic realization that there s only one of us here. We re all spokes on the same wheel of human existence. There is no man, there is no woman, there is no black, there is no white, there is no non-binary– [whispers] There is no non-binary. We re all manifestations of one glorious, loving being. Love is the only thing that matters. Love is the only thing that is real. Control is an illusion. The only thing you can control are the thoughts in your head, and as Socrates said, the unexamined life is not worth living. And as Bill and Ted said, be excellent to each other. [cheering, applause] Yes, thank you. Thank you. [clears throat] And after that the buffet, because we haven t eaten in, like, four days. And it s everything you ve ever wanted. It s, uh, macaroni and cheese with plenty of orange. Chef Boyardee. As many cans as you like. There s a chocolate fountain that guys can stick their wieners in. Whoo! Look at me! So we ve done the drugs, we ve done the eating. And now comes the sex. Oh, the sex. And it is Sodom and Gomorrah. Everybody runs a train on the millennial. Oh, there s so much fucking and sucking and 69, or whatever that is. And there s so much cum. There s so much. And just when you think there can t be more cum… Katy Perry comes on board. And she blows all the guys. But none of the wives or girlfriends get mad because Ryan Gosling, he comes on board. And he listens to all of us. Glorious. Glorious. Okay, so, you know, that s it. It s the end of the two weeks and we ve done all the partying we can handle. That s it. It s the end of the road. And that s when I bring out the catapult. Oh, Seattle sees where this is going. Some cities don t. I bring out the catapult, I put you in it and– Psssshhh! I shoot you off into the ocean and you get eaten by a megalodon shark. Guys, those are real. The shark eats you, digests you. [imitates fart] You know, craps you out. And then your soul goes to heaven. Because in my world, we all go to heaven. That s right. And you get to meet God. And holy shit. It s Dick Clark! These Puerto Ricans are fuckin everywhere up here! Thank you guys so much! [cheering, applauding] What a wonderful night! Thank you so much for being here!

JACK WHITEHALL@AT LARGE@2017@Please welcome Jack Whitehall. Show business, baby. Show business. Wow! How amazing is this? Here we are at the record of my first ever Netflix special. Yeah. I don t know why I m talking into this. I m on a head set. I doubt that s even on. I doubt that is even… I mean, not even plugged in. Literally just a prop. This is an international show. I ve realized, right, trying to do the international show, that the cultural divide is much greater than we think. The biggest difference, I realize, between us and our American cousins, when I went to California, was the attitude to drinking. Completely different. I heard sentences in California that I ve never heard before. Like this: Oh, my God. Oh, my God. Did you see Larry? Larry had four glasses of wine with dinner. I think Larry… may be an alcoholic. Yes, I know. Four glasses of wine with dinner in America: you re an alcoholic. Four glasses of wine with dinner in Britain: you re the designated driver. Nothing, though, sums up the differing attitudes to drinking in the UK and the US than what we encourage our children, our little babies, to leave out Santa Claus on Christmas Eve. Do you know what the kids in America leave out Santa Claus on Christmas Eve? Milk and cookies. Hey, Santa, I m gonna leave this big old glass of milk. It s packed full of calcium so your bones can be strong and sturdy. Love you, Santa. Santa Claus, love you. I love you, Santa Claus. What do the children of Britain leave out Santa Claus every Christmas Eve? Sherry. Neat liquor, which we have our children believe Santa Claus is downing at every house, whilst operating a sleigh. Could we leave him a cookie, Daddy?  No, eating s cheating, you bastard.  Go grab some tinnies for the elves, you little…  Daddy?  What?  Why am I American, and you re from the north of England?  I don t know. Jack messed up your voice. Now he s messing up mine. I ve gone Jamaican. Every time. I probably should have asked, before I launched into all of that… And before I ask you this question as an audience as well, I need you to understand something very important. This… is a safe space. Seriously, OK? This is the trust tree. Everyone climbs and nobody falls. Yeah, even I find that one a bit camp, but… Trust tree. OK? Safe space. Do we have any non-drinkers in? Burn the witch! Sorry. Sorry. Yes. That was very loud. This guy nearly shat himself. I m sorry. I didn t meant that, madam. Sorry. I have a huge amount of respect to you. I come from a family of heavy drinkers. My dad, he drinks a lot. This is how big a drinker my dad is. I took my dad to a McDonald s the other day, for the first time ever. He asked to see a wine list. Very confusing, McDonald s. They ve got salads, carrot batons… I swear, we are a year away from McQuinoa. That s why I like KFC. KFC, they know what they are. There s no healthy options in a KFC. No airs and graces with a KFC. Here is some deep-fried shit for you to eat out of a bucket. We ll even chuck in a wet-wipe because we can t trust you to wash your hands. Go on, eat it piggy. I wonder what the Colonel s secret blend of herbs and spices is. Salt! It s not rocket science. I just want to make clear, I ve never complained in a restaurant. I m British. I would never complain in a restaurant. If I m with someone that complains in a restaurant, I die inside. Don t say anything. Don t make a scene. Just eat the nut, all right? We have an EpiPen at home. We will deal with it later. What? No. Everything s wonderful. She s loving it. Her neck is always that big. That s very normal. Ex-girlfriend, Ella. Or Nut-Ella, as we used to call her. No, no! Oh, God rest her soul. The other thing my dad can t get his head round is technology. I ve got a great prank that I play on my dad. You ve got to try this. If your parent is a bit of a technophobe, what I do, is I wait for my mum to buy a new bit of machinery for their house. Doesn t matter what it is: laptop, coffee machine, new printer. And then I tell my 76-year-old dad that said piece of machinery… is voice-activated. Oh, my God, you have not known true joy until you have seen a 76-year-old man tell an electric blanket to go fuck itself. I m not being ageist, OK? I think it s very important that we respect our elders. I was visiting my granny recently. My dear old Nan. You know. Got to check the will… Check they re well. Check that she is well. My granny is very much from a different generation. Oh, my God, we were clearing out her house the other day. We found some quite dubious things on her shelves. Oh, dear. I know. I know. I took her aside. I was, like, Granny, come on. It is 2017. Who is still using VHS? Yeah, the racist doll is not great either. Also, this is exactly as I found it in her house. If you re going to have your racist doll out on display, which you shouldn t, please do not have your racist doll out on display above your copy of Nelson Mandela s Long Walk to Freedom. She s unbelievable, my granny. She s in a nursing home now, and she sits there in her commode. You know, the chair with the potty underneath it. That s not the funny bit, mate! She sits there on her potty, knitting, watching Murder She Wrote. Right? And she doesn t have a lot of fun. And it got me thinking, because I saw this article recently about the writer, Aldous Huxley. This is such bullshit. I saw a tweet. Do you know what Aldous Huxley asked for on his deathbed? LSD. Now that is the attitude more old people need to be taking. More of the elderly need to start experimenting with recreational drugs. I m not saying do drugs when you re younger. That s a bad idea. You might get into them. But when you re 85, living in a nursing home, fuck it! If I lived in a nursing home I d get on it all the time. Also, they ve got the perfect set-up: disposable income, nurses on call, daytime television, a chair you can shit yourself in… It s bloody perfect. I m just bored of hearing people talking about their grandparents when they go, How did your granny die?  She died in her sleep. Like that s a good thing. Who wants to die in their sleep? I want my granny to go out all guns blazing. I want people to ask me, Jack, how did your granny die?  She dropped an E and had a stroke whilst doing the worm to Antiques Roadshow.  Don t do drugs, kids. That s not what I m saying. I m not into the drugas. I did have an experience recently. I went away on a lads weekend. Oi, oi! Lads! Lads! Lads! I was with Digby and Rupert and… Quite the threesome… That sounded less gay in my head. That s the most overrated thing in the world: the threesome. Sorry, this is a bit of an aside. I had a threesome once, at school, OK? It was with this beautiful Italian exchange student called Maria and this chap called Monkford, and… No, you just get in each other s way. Eventually I had to be, like, I think it s best if you leave us two together. Fortunately, she was very understanding. Monkford. Odd chap, but a bloody good teacher. So, lads weekend. Lads weekend, OK? We went to Amsterdam. So, we re in Amsterdam and me and my chums, Rupes and Diggers, we re down this kind of back street, and one them, Diggers: naughty guy. Diggers is smoking some of the weedy puff. I m not into it, as you probably guessed by the fact that I called it weedy puff. Weed. That s how normal people talk, Jack. So he was smoking some weed, and he turned to me and he went, Jack, do you want a suck on this? Not… not suck. Not suck. That is not the word that he used. That is not what he… This is going well. I was with my friend and he asked if I wanted to suck… That is not… I m having a brain burp. Not suck. What s the word? Puff! Thank you to the crack whore down the front. Do you want a puff on this weed? Anyway, I said no because, you know, we re in public. It s not a great look. What if someone sees? He went, Jack, two things. Firstly, it s legal. Secondly, we re in Holland. No one knows who the fuck you are. Smoke it. Now, I m not proud. I gave in to the peer pressure. This is why you cannot smoke a spliff on the street in the year 2017. I shit you not. As I put this spliff to my lips I looked up, and the bloody Google Maps car with the 360 camera was driving past. I read something about Google the other day. You know last year, in the UK, from advertising alone, Google made 66 million pounds. Which, after tax, is 66 million pounds. We re going to some highbrow territory this evening. We have silliness and gimmicks at the beginning, but this is a sophisticated show. I m nearly 30 now. OK? I had a dinner party the other night. We talked about mortgage rates. Sophisticated show for a sophisticated audience. So, dick pics… This is actually a very serious story, OK? Very serious story. Because last year I had a dick pic scare. Why is there laughing over there? I said that this was a serious story and if I m going to share it with you, there needs to be mutual respect. Don t blow down the trust tree. Serious story. So, last year I had a dick pic scare. A friend of mine calls me up. He s, like, Jack, there is a dick pic of you circulating online. Fucking watch it. There s a dick pic of you online. I was so distressed. Oh, my God, this can t be happening. Then I thought, wait a sec, this really can t be happening. I have never taken a photograph of my penis in my life. So, unless they ve got hold of Mr Monkford s laptop, this ain t me. I call my agent. I m very distressed. I m, like, Make this go away. Get a lawyer. Shut it down. Make it stop. Hung up the phone. So distressed. Heart pounding. My friend sends me a link to this dick pic. I click on it. Comes up on my computer screen. I mean, 100%, this was not a photograph of me. But, my God, it was… the most beautiful penis I ve ever seen. It was unbelievable. It was long and tanned and sinuous. It looked like Aslan s tail. Magical! My agent called me back: What do you want to do? I was, like, You know, I think we should just leave it. I was re-tweeting it. I was favoriting it. I made it my profile picture. You ve got to own these things. Got to own these things. This is the thing, OK. I have had these scandals in my career, and I m always on the verge of another. Because I put my foot in it. I can t help it. I nearly did it on a big scale last year. Last year I was asked to host the Royal Variety Show. The prestigious, annual charity gala, attended by a member of the Royal Family. The year that I hosted it, it was attended by Prince Harry. I was, like, I ll start by paying Prince Harry a compliment. Get him on side. So I walked out. Five thousand people. Black tie. Royal Albert Hall. I was, like, Your Royal Highness, I would like to start by complimenting you on the bravery and the courage that you showed in Afghanistan. A ginger in that heat? Fuck me! I m glad you laughed, because on the night that one went down like a dead corgi. From there on in, hard work. End of the show, the one thing you ve got to do, as host of the Royal Variety Show, is lead the cast in a bow to the royal box. So, I m stood on stage, end of the show, next to Sir Elton John, national treasure, and One Direction, regional trinkets, and they re there, and they re there. And do you know why I didn t do the bow to the royal box? Because Elton John, Sir Elton John, national treasure, a man who I have never met before in my life, thought it would be funny, live on TV, in front of 5,000 people at the Royal Albert Hall, as I was about to bow to the royal box, he leant in and whispered in my ear, I wouldn t bend over in front of me, love. And there s cameras everywhere. They caught the exact moment he said it. Pulled out of the bow. So that was quite bad: act of treason, live on stage. It gets even worse. Afterwards, they have this black tie charity reception. God, these stories are so relatable. So, I stupidly decided that I would invite, as my plus-one to the charity reception, my mate, Dave. Some of them are laughing: Jack, you do not have a friend called Dave. It s short for The Earl of Daventry. OK, it s a fake name. He s not called Dave. I ve given him a fake name for this story because he doesn t come out of it great. Now, what Dave is: Dave is your dickhead friend. So, I m hanging out with dickhead friend at the bar. You don t hang out with a dickhead friend. You man mark him. So I m man-marking dickhead friend at the bar. Prince Harry walks over. Prince Harry walks over with two armed security personnel. Just remember that for later on in the story. These guys have guns. So, he walks over. Me and Gabe stood here, at the bar. Dave, not Gabe. That went well. Give him a fake name and then just say his actual name out loud. What do I do? Do I start again? Fuck. No… I can t believe I ve done that. I normally do that story and I just say his name, and the Netflix lawyer was, like, You have to give him a fake name. So I made up the name and then I just said his actual name. Can they beep it? What have I done? OK. Well, his name isn t Dave. His name is Gabe. So, I guess we re going with Gabe. Gabe Turner is his full name. He s on Twitter. This goes out all over the world. He s gonna kill me. OK. Sorry. Stop crying and get on with the show. OK. Right. So, Prince Harry walks over to me and Gabe Emmanuel Turner… So, Gabe, Dave, whatever. I ve forgotten his name. Gabe, OK, is a big guy. He s got cauliflower ears, shaved head, like, big rugby player, all right. The kind of guy you wouldn t want to throw under the bus. Anyway, Gabe is a big guy. Prince Harry walks over. He decides he s gonna do a little joke. He walks over. He s, like, Mr Whitehall, is this your bodyguard? I was, like, That s so funny, because he s very tall. You re so amusing. Probably cut that bit out as well. So, no, the problem is, I was so busy laughing at Harry s little joke, I didn t realize what was unfolding next to me. It was like one of those moments in life where everything happens in slow motion. I turned to my left. I could see that my dickhead friend was gearing up to drop a clanger but there was nothing that I could do to stop it from happening. Do you know what his response was, to getting called a bodyguard? By the fifth in line to the throne? At a black tie charity reception? He went, Oi oi, fuck off, Ron Weasley. Shots fired. Shots fired. To be fair to Harry, he leaves it just long enough for me to think that my friend is about to be executed by the security services. And then, cool as you like, goes, Well, I d rather look like Ron Weasley than Shrek. Thanks to Gabe Turner, my career over here was in tatters. The knighthood was out the window. I was never gonna be allowed on TV ever again. But I was, like, it s fine. Because this is gonna be the year that I break America. No, don t whoo. America, very much still intact. I got an American manager. Chad, the American manager. Never heard more crap come out of a man s mouth in my life. Kid, what you gotta think about me is that I m not your manager. I m your team mate. OK? And there is no ‘I in team. No, but there is one in bullshit. Tricked me into signing with him, did Chad, as well. He was, like, You sign with me, there is a movie with a part in it. Oh, my God. This part, it was written for you kid. It was written for you. I represent the director. You sign with me, the part is yours. I was, like, Great, thanks Chad. Sign me up. Joined the agency. Auditioned for the part that was written for me. Didn t get it. Went to see the film six months later. Do you know who was playing the part that was written for me ? Idris Elba. Idris Elba. I m not having a pop. Obviously, Idris is a great actor. And in hindsight, he made a much better Nelson Mandela than I would have. I have been on a long walk to freedom. No, it wasn t right. Don t do the voice. It s not even the worst audition Chad got me. The worst audition came when I was in America last. Before I tell you what this was for, I need to give some of you a little bit of back-story about my acting career. When I was at school I was a big fan of drama. I know. Shock, horror. Not the only fan of drama, though. The other guy that was really into drama at my school was a chap called Robert Pattinson. There he is. Young R Patz, star of the Twilight films. And, every time there was a school play at my school, Robert Pattinson would get cast in the lead role, and villager 17… would go to this guy. Yeah. Laugh it up! For some reason, my drama teacher wanted the star of his play to be the young James Dean and not the young K D Lang. It s fair to say that, over the years, I ve built up resentment towards R Patz. He became my rival. Rival s a strong word. Nemesis. He is my nemesis. I ve made jokes about him before. I ve called him a wooden actor. I ve written an entire show about him. I have milked that titty dry for every droplet of its bitter, bitter milk. Eventually, one day I was, like, You need to put that anger away in a box. You need to hide it away and you need to get on with your life. And I vowed that I would never speak about Robert Pattinson on stage ever again. And it was going really well. Until Chad called me up out of the blue. He was, like, Kid, oh, my God, I got you an audition for a movie. This part is amazing, and get this: in this movie you would be starring opposite… Robert Pattinson. OMG. FML. WTF. And, you know what the word was that chimed? Opposite. Not below. Not beneath. Not behind Robert Pattinson. Opposite Robert Pattinson. After all these years of feeling inadequate, finally, me and my nemesis were on a level playing field and it felt amazing. I was, like, Chad, tell me about the part. What are we? A couple of swashbuckling heroes? You know, good cop, bad cop? Two dashing gents competing for the hand of a fair maiden? He went, No, not quite. In this movie, you would be playing Matt, and Matt… Get ready for it. Matt is Robert Pattinson s character s mentally handicapped brother. Yes. I thought it was a tasteless joke as well. Ten minutes later, that dropped into my inbox. It was a genuine audition to play the younger brother of Robert Pattinson with, to use the politically correct term, Chad, learning difficulties. I had to go away and have a little think about this offer. I told my friends. They all thought it was hilarious. I told my father. My father, slightly more pragmatic about the whole situation. He went, Well, you ve got to go for it, son. Those kind of parts are Oscar bait.  Look at history: What s Eating Gilbert Grape, Rain Man, Forrest Gump… You know what they say, son: play a mong, get a gong. No, they do not say that. You have just said that. But, here s where the ego of the actor kicks in. Within about five minutes I m thinking, Well, he has got a point. This is my chance to prove to the world that I m a serious actor. I m taking the audition. It was the weirdest audition I have ever done. The first thing that was unusual about this audition is that there was no script. I was told that I would just have to walk into the room, with the casting director, and improvise in character. Well, I had to ask some questions. I went in. The casting director was there. I was, like, Um, hello, I just needed to know, um, how… mentally, you know… do you want me to be? He said, What you re doing now is fantastic. I haven t started! The note that came back was amazing. They referred me to the original email. What we want from your character, everything about him should be dulled and emotionless. From facial expressions to the tone of his voice. I said, Is it not gonna look weird if I m doing the exact same thing as Robert Pattinson? Burn! Yeah. Yeah, I didn t get the part. It s fine. It s fine. I didn t want it. My career as an actor has all been about the near misses. Harry Potter. I auditioned for Harry Potter when I was 11. Got so close and was just pipped to the post by that bitch, Emma Watson. Frozen. Oh, my gosh. That was another Chad classic, OK? Chad calls me up out of the blue. Kid, I know you love Disney movies. How would you like to be in Frozen?  I was, like, My God, which princess am I playing? He went, You re gonna be a troll. Fine. I ll be a troll. I played Gothi the Troll in Frozen. Yeah. We all remember Gothi the Troll from Frozen. One of the main parts. Yeah. One line in Frozen. This was my one line in Frozen. Ready? I trollfully bid you farewell. Don t all applaud at once. Jesus. I m well aware of how pathetic it was. But I was so excited about my one little part in Frozen. I went in. I nailed it. I left that sound studio. I told everyone that I was gonna be in Frozen. Gonna be the star of a Disney film. Grab a selfie while you can. Film comes out. I am watching Frozen on the screen. It gets to the bit in the enchanted forest. I see my character there in front of me. Gothi the Troll, the fat little fucker, right there. He clears his throat. He goes to speak, and the camera cuts away to Princess Elsa. And she starts singing some lame Disney song about being a princess. I m sorry. I was shouting at the screen. I was, like, Oi, excuse me, Elsa, zip it, bitch. Gothi had something to say. Well, I m asked to leave the cinema. I call Chad. I m, like, Chad, what happened? I was just watching Frozen and my line does not appear to be in it. He was, like, Oh, kid, I m so sorry. I forgot to tell you. Disney called and, unfortunately, your part in the movie has been reduced to a non-speaking role.  A non-speaking role? Chad, it is an animation. That means I m not in it.  Hey kid, calm down. You ve got to just… let it go.  Let it go? Don t give me ‘let it go !  Like, it s fine. It s gonna look great on your IMDb.  Oh, it s gonna look great on my IMDb, is it, Chad? It s gonna look good that I m the 81st listed cast member of 82? I m below the guy that made the grunting noises for the fucking reindeer.  Uncredited. That is the only evidence that my performance in Frozen exists. Which is probably for the best, given the circumstances. Thank God there is not a picture of me doing a press interview in front of a poster for a film that I m not in. Oh, wait, no. There is. A picture of me doing an interview for a film that I m not in. And look at that smug face, as well. You re not in the film, mate. And that would be fine, if it had never seen the light of day again. But, as we ve already established, some of my friends are dickheads. And one dickhead friend in particular, Mr Gabe Turner, found out about the existence of this picture and thought it would be funny to share it all over social media. Not only that: Gabe figured that if I was promoting this film that I m not in, maybe there are other films that I m also not in, that I could have been promoting. So, the following day, I log onto Facebook and this is on his wall. The next day, I log onto Facebook, and that is on his wall. And this is the best one. Time and effort has gone into making it. On the third day I log onto Facebook and that is on his bloody wall. The troll got trolled. It s been a challenging year, because I love Disney more than anyone else. I love Disney so much, but it s been challenged this year. The other thing: I went to America. I was staying in a hotel for two months and they messed up my booking. I check in. They re, like, Sir, there has been an error with your booking. It doesn t matter, though. We re gonna pop you in our sister hotel. Well, it turned out their sister hotel… was the Disney hotel, in Disneyland, Anaheim, where they were expecting me to live for two months of my life. I went, No, unfortunately that cannot happen. I cannot live in Disneyland because I am a grown man. I came to America because I wanted to be put onto a TV show, not the sex offenders register. And, don t get me wrong, I love hotels. I love staying in hotels. I love staying in hotels for the same reason that we all love staying in hotels: I love stealing from hotels. And I m so good at it as well. I ve got it down to a fine art. They ve got their little tricks to try and stop us from nicking their shit. You go into the bathroom and they ve got the shower gel mounted on a wall bracket, which is why I always take a drill. Or the little passive-aggressive notes. Have you been into one of those? I was staying in one. I open the cupboard. They ve got this: If you would like this robe, it will cost you 30 pounds. So I nicked it and left that. Another one they ve got in the Disney hotel: Disney characters, embroidered onto all of the towels. Yes. I know. That sounds sweet, until you re drying your bollocks on the face of the old man from Up. Just there in the bathroom, tea-bagging a grieving pensioner. Oh, God… I m sorry about your wife. There s too much Disney in the Disney hotel. This is the problem. They ve got Disney characters on all of the walls. Disney wallpaper, Disney bedlinen, Disney music in the elevators. Disney characters, that work at the hotel as members of staff. All the main ones. You know: Cinderella, Aladdin. Gothi the Troll… All the famous ones that we love. And they re not allowed to break character at any point during your stay. Have you got any idea how fucking annoying that is? I nearly turned into Jack Nicholson from The Shining. You check in and Goofy s on reception. In the restaurant, Donald Duck s manning the carvery. I can pinpoint, though, the exact moment… that my childhood died. I d been there for two weeks. I m in my room. I m tired. I m alone. I call down to the front desk. Mickey Mouse answers the phone. Hey, hey, hey buddy. What can I do for you today?  Mickey… I need to activate the porn channels on my TV. Inner child: dead. You don t want this. These are your heroes. Having an argument with Simba at the front desk about your itemized bill. I want to speak with someone more senior. Fetch me… Mufasa. Not good at complaining. There s certain situations in life, right, where every time I fall apart. Complaining is one of them. Passport control. That s another. Can t do it. And I don t have anything to hide. It doesn t help that I have the creepiest passport photo that has ever been taken. People, thinking you ve got a bad passport photo, you have not seen anything yet. Brace yourselves… for this shit. What is that? I look like I ve just taken Liam Neeson s daughter. Yes. Very funny. Benedict. We can all read. So, every time I approach passport control, that is in my head. I m about to hand that over. It does not excuse how much I fall apart under the most basic of questioning. I walk up. I m, like, Hello.  Where are you traveling from?  France… no, Spain. Shit, sorry, Italy. Didn t sleep on the plane. Drugs didn t work. Not drugs, drugs. I mean, drugs like sleeping pill drugs. I don t have any drugs on me. I m not a mule. Don t look at my bottom. I have explosive diarrhea… Not like a bomb. Shit! Just said ‘bomb . Well, it s just a word. The more you say it, the less offensive it becomes. Bomb! Bomb, bomb, bomb! You re all looking at me like I m a terrorist. I promise you, I m not a terrorist. I m just plain old Jack. ‘Hi, Jack. Not hijack. Shit! No, don t shoot! Here s another one I ve never understood at airports. Why do people think it s acceptable to cut in line at airports? Never acceptable to barge the line. All right? Some people think there are exceptions. Like, if you re late. Not an excuse. I was waiting to check in, in the airport. This woman comes barging to the front and proffers this bullshit: Sorry. Excuse me. Sorry. Excuse me. I ve got to get a flight. Well, no shit, Sherlock. We re in a fucking airport. Why do you think I m here? To buy a big Toblerone? Please, let me get out of your way with these bags which I take everywhere. Back of the line! Is what I wanted to say. Unfortunately, as I m British, that came out as: Please, after you… dickhead. The celebrity queue-barge. Not acceptable. I ve seen that happen first-hand. I was in Disneyland, the park. Thunder Mountain. Got to make the most of these situations. In the line, 30 minutes. All of a sudden, this little jumped-up Disney star, this little, kind of, precocious Justin Bieber type, with his entourage, swept to the front of the queue. All the Americans were fine with it. I m sorry. I m British. I had to say something. I had a full-blown argument with his manager, then and there. She kept name-dropping this show that he was on, like I gave a shit. She kept going, He is from Make a Wish. I was, like, Never heard of it. Arrogant little bastard wearing a cap so no one would recognize him. She kept going, He s not got long. I m, like, We ve all got places to be, love. Well, that one divided the room. Don t worry. That is a joke. I didn t actually say that. But I thought of it. So I m going to hell. I hate travelling. The other reason I hate travelling is, I can t sleep in public. And I can t sleep in public because I sleep with my eyes open. Medical condition, not just a habit from boarding school: Watch it. Four percent of the population sleep with their eyes open. Anyone else? No one. There might be. We don t know they ve nodded off. If I fall asleep with my contact lenses in it s pretty peculiar. A friend of mine took a photograph of me passed out in public. This is the look. Oh, yeah. Hello, ladies! Such an embarrassing photo for me to show you. Please don t tell anyone that I was on a bus. It s so bad, this situation, so bad, that someone complained about me once on a plane. I know. I was, like, It is a medical condition, OK? But, looking back on it now, I can see it from my fellow passenger s perspective. Because he did not know that I slept with my eyes open. Also, not the only trick that my body plays on me when I fall asleep. Yeah. A couple of you are ahead of me here. I imagine, for my fellow passenger, it was quite unnerving that, for the duration of a three-hour flight, every time he turned to his left, the passenger in the seat next to him appeared to be slumped there, gazing into his eyes, drool tumbling from my bottom lip, nursing a semi. I hate travelling on the plane so much. I m a nervous flyer as well. And I don t think they do enough to help us nervous flyers. Safety demonstration. Can we drop that already? Why do we have to start every flight with them performing a little pantomime entitled, The Horrific Ways You Could Die on This Plane. Also, if you re gonna keep it, update it. I think I speak for us all when I say, we have got the seat belt fastening down. We have a routine on planes. And everyone s used to the routine, so no one questions it. Well, I m the guy who questions the routine. Finally, this is some relatable material. Air travel: we all do that. Jack Whitehall, everyman comedian. Relatable. So, I m in my flat bed on the top deck… …doing something that we ve all done loads of times on the plane. Drinking a glass of champagne. No, no. Lifting up the blind for take-off and landing. And, for the first time ever, I decided I would ask the stewardess why I had to lift up the blind for take-off and landing. It is a question… that I regret asking. Because I have fact-checked her response, and this is the genuine reason on the Civil Aviation website. I said, Madam, out of interest, why do… I have to lift up the blind, for take-off and landing? She looked at me. Do you know what she said? She went, Well, sir, if something were to go wrong with the engine, then you are the pilot s eyes. I beg your fucking pardon? I m not ready for that level of responsibility. And no one told me that when I purchased the ticket. I was very much under the impression that I was travelling as a passenger, not bloody co-pilot. Also, I think you may have picked the wrong guy. I m the guy you want, keeping an eye out for engine failure? This guy is your look out? Really? Also, how does that scenario play out in your head while we re nosediving towards the ground? I look out of the window and see smoke billowing from the engine. I m meant to just amble up to the cockpit, put my head through the door: Awfully sorry, gents. Your eyes in the back, here. I don t know whether you re aware of this but one of the wings has fallen off. You might want to buckle up. I will send someone through to show you how it s done. Thank you.  The pilot s eyes ! I ll be the pilot s flapping asshole, all right? I don t want any responsibility on a plane. Like the emergency exit row seat. That one with the leg room. Does anyone take that when they fly? Oh, you re braver than me. No amount of leg room in the world is worth that level of responsibility. Because I ve sat in that seat. I know what happens. She comes up to you, the stewardess, at the beginning of the flight. She goes, Sir, if we needed you to, could you open that door? And you go… Yep. And that s it. There is no training or psychological assessment. If that s an important job, which I suspect it is, I want the people to be screened. I want there to be an auditioning process. I want to meet every fucker on the plane and take a vote. It cannot just come down to the person that was willing to pay 15 quid more. Do you ever see the person in that seat and think, Fucking really? I was walking onto the plane the other day. The guy in the exit row seat had spilt a milkshake all down his front. I stopped dead in my tracks. Is this a wind-up? This is the guy, when the shit hits the fan at 30,000 feet, our lives are in the hands of fucking Milkshake Mike over here? He s gonna open that door? The guy can t even open a bloody Nesquik. I take myself out of the equation. Right? Because I can t trust myself. Because we don t know what we d be like in an emergency until it happens. Yes, we all like to think we d be a hero. We all like to think we d be the person that would be tearing off that door, picking up little old ladies, sending them down the inflatable slide. I m not sure that s how you do it. But there is a strong possibility that, in fact, in an emergency situation, I would be the kind of person that would be hurling women and children out of the life raft to make room for my luggage. I ve never paddled a boat before. That s what we ve learnt! It s like a gondola. What the fuck? I could be a bastard. I don t know. In fact, I think I do know. I would be. That s the only bit I do like about safety demonstration: Please make sure you attach your oxygen mask before helping others. Yep, not gonna be a problem. We meant children. Yeah. The only way I am attaching an oxygen mask to a child before me is if it s a fat kid that I can use as an airbag. Wow. That s the one that got you. Make a Wish? Fine. Fat kids? No. I m in a… relationship. A long-term relationship, We re getting to that stage where she s dropping hints. We re not married yet. Posh girls are the worst for hints. Five years in, girlfriend turns to me. She s, like: I can t keep introducing you as my boyfriend. That sounds so childish. I could call you my partner, but that s quite formal. Lover? Soulmate? I was, like, Landlord is fine.  Landlord? And I m your tenant? I was, like, No, tenants pay rent. You re a squatter. It s fine. That actual girlfriend was evicted, and the current… My current girlfriend is great. She doesn t pressure me. We have big conversations. The kid conversation keeps coming up. I m not sure whether I m necessarily ready to have a child at the moment. Someone sniggering at the idea of me reproducing. Thank you very much for laughing at that. But you re right, it s ridiculous. I can t even look after a phone. And you drop a phone, you can get a new one. Doesn t work like that with kids. Same goes with upgrades. You get a slow one, you re stuck with it. That… that was amazing. As I told that joke, I looked over there and saw a Dad point at his son. That s made my night. Thank you very much. Oh, no. What just happened there: I remembered what the next joke is. And if you didn t like that one, you re gonna hate this one. Just can t do it. Go on! I m gonna do it, obviously. Obviously. If they don t like it, it s your fault. Peer pressure, OK? OK. Now I ve got it. I ve got it. OK, we re talking about having kids and I m in bed with my girlfriend. These are just jokes. It s all fun. I m sweating. Right. I m lying in bed with my girlfriend and she turns to me. Sorry. She didn t do that. What? What s happening? Lying in bed, she turns to me, and she throws this curve-ball at me: Jack, would you ever consider adoption? I went, Well, only if you got pregnant. All my friends now, they re all getting kids. Loads of them are getting married. Loads of my mates are getting married now. I lost four friends last year. That sounds like I m never gonna see them again. Statistically, two of them will come crawling back. Realistically, four. I don t object to people s happiness. What I object to is their delusion of my level of interest in it, sometimes. Wedding lists. Oh, the wedding register. That is the worst. The first time I got a wedding list through, I thought it was a wind-up. These are grown adults. Here is a list of the gifts that we want. I had to run to the mirror to see whether I d grown a beard and a fucking sleigh. I always get to it late as well, when there s only two things left, and all you can get them is a butter knife or a yacht. The problem: these people are taking the piss. It s bad enough when it s something mundane, like plates. They wanted plates the other day. You didn t have those before? Yes, we just thought it was time to stop eating our food directly off the table. Or when they go high-end, that s even worse. My friend from university, my best mate from uni, on his wedding list is asking for a Royal Albert tea set. I m, like, Mate, I ve seen you eat Cheerios out of a slipper. Forty quid as well, for the Royal Albert tea set. No way. In the end, I gave him a kettle and some mugs that I got for free. Thank you, Travelodge. The only thing that I like about weddings, and you must have seen this. It s so good. The best thing about going to a wedding is bumping into a bloke that you met on the stag weekend, that is now… with his missus. Complete transformation. Gone is the swaggering and posture. Now his whole body is crumpled like a paper cup. The Borat mankini has been folded away for a rainy day. Now, a neatly steamed suit. Best still, is when the voice has changed. All of a sudden, because they re with their missus, they ve started talking like they re in Pride and Prejudice. You walk over: Oi, oi, Stevie-boy, the lager monster!  Greetings and salutations, Jack. May I introduce you to my radiant fiancée, Claire?  Oh, the fun vacuum.  What? Oh. No, no.  You made that joke: she s the only vacuum that doesn t suck.  The vicar s sermon was wonderful. It nearly moved me to tears.  Funny, that, because the last time I saw you crying you were led down some stairs in Estonia by a prostitute with an Adam s apple. I can t handle them. I can t handle stags. Every stag I ve ever been on, there s always one member of the group that reveals a true darkness in their soul. It s always the one you least suspect, isn t it? It s always the quiet one. The groom s friend from home.  This is my mate Colin.  Hello! Oh, the journey I had down here. The Hanger Lane gyratory was chock-a-block. Thankfully, I had my good friend Classic FM to keep me company. Yeah, got Colin down: wearing a fleece, just ordered a Sprite. Bit of a square, but probably a decent enough guy. Cut to five hours later. Colin is being escorted out of a TGI Friday s for shitting in a woman s handbag. The stag-do kitty. That s never worked in the history of mankind. The stag-do kitty. Yeah, chaps, we re all gonna pay into the kitty, and then this kitty will last all of us for the entire weekend. Gone within 20 minutes. What? There was a grand in there.  Oh, yeah, sorry, Colin bought a gun. He s fucking weird. Then the journey back from the stag: the most depressing flight in existence. You re all there, on the plane. Shivering wrecks. Like broken men returning from war. The deafening silence throughout the fuselage of a thousand stories that can never be told. You re sober for the first time in 72 hours and now, only too aware that you re sat in public wearing a T-shirt that says Lord Bumalot. You think it s bad for you? You turn to the back of the plane and there he is. Colin, strapped into his seat like Hannibal Lecter. He s got a black eye, a criminal conviction and hepatitis B. The fear slowly creeping across his face that, come Monday morning, it s back to work, teaching in his primary school. There s women laughing. I can see their faces as I m doing this routine. They re laughing, but looking down their noses at us. They are tutting away, going, Oh, you boys, why do you do it? You know why you don t have a leg to stand on, ladies? Because whereas, on a stag weekend, one of us turns out to be Colin, on a hen weekend, you re all Colin. So, I go to a lot of weddings. I went to my first Muslim wedding the other day. That was an experience. I learnt the exact extent of my religious tolerance that day. It s got quite tense in here. Don t worry. Me at a Muslim wedding: what could go wrong? So we arrived at this wedding. It was one of my girlfriend s friends. We walked in, so I went, So, where s the bride?  I haven t met her. It s an arranged marriage. I went, That s weird… Not weird. Didn t mean to say weird. This is a day where we must celebrate our cultural differences. Plus, it s ammunition for the best man s speech.  There is no best man s speech at a Muslim wedding.  Again, that does seem quite unusual but this is a day of love and tolerance. Where s the bar?  There is no bar. It s a dry wedding.  Get in the fucking car. It was a wedding without alcohol. Let me just repeat that. It was a wedding without alcohol. You cannot have a wedding without alcohol. That is like having a funeral without a corpse. You cannot have it. That s what you do at a wedding. That s what you do. You drink. You drink afterwards. You drink during if that is an option. I m not religious. If I ever do get married, 100% I m having holy communion. Cheeky pick-me-up half way through the service? Hell, yeah! I m gonna get the priest to drop a little shot of Jägermeister into the chalice. Jesus-bombs all round. I want to make one thing very clear as well. I don t wish to be disparaging about the Muslim wedding ceremony. The fact that the Muslim ceremony is about more than getting drunk in a field with a load of strangers: they definitely got that right. And the fact that I could not cope at one sober, is purely a reflection of how sad and pathetic a little man I am. But I couldn t. I couldn t cope being around so many strangers without a drink. I was grabbing my girlfriend every five minutes. Hey, maybe we could get some drugs.  We re not getting drugs. This is a wedding. I m on my phone, slyly googling: Which drugs are halal? None of them. None of them. Then I checked myself. I m, like, Why am I doing this? This is what I do: if I m in an uncomfortable social situation, I regress. I become the man-child again. I don t want to do that. I want to be that guy that can present a better version of himself in public with his missus. So, I was, like, For once in my life, I m just gonna behave. My girlfriend, she s with her friends, talking about some book they ve all read. And I m over here, just very politely drifting off into a coma. No one knows. I sleep with my eyes open. All of a sudden, this little 13-year-old kid, OK, comes up to me, like a serpent in the garden of Eden. This kid walks up to me, right. Prods me in the ribs and he goes, Jack… would you rather… Oh, my God, didn t I nearly just cry! Who remembers playing Would You Rather in the school playground? The greatest form of mental combat known to man. I looked at this kid with joy and life in my eyes. I was, like, Little man, I hope you ve brought your A-game, because you have just stepped into the dojo with the master. A look over my left shoulder would have informed me that the book club were very much aware that I d drifted off from their conversation to play a game of Would You Rather with a 13-year-old child. But did I care? Did I fuck. I rolled the dice. I was, like, Hit me, little man. Hit me. He looks up at me. He s, like, Jack, would you rather… suck chocolate off a tramp s dick… Oh! Nice start, my friend. Nice start. My head, now, a swirling vortex of counter questions. I m thinking, is this milk chocolate or dark? Is this penis flaccid or hard? I m thinking, I really like chocolate, but I sure as hell am not a fan of dirty old tramp dick. I look to my girlfriend, for moral support if anything else. Oh, dear. Woop-woop. The fun police have surrounded the building. And they want me to come out with my hands held high. But I can t do that for two reasons. I do not know when the next opportunity to play Would You Rather may be. And, two, more importantly, I cannot carry around the burden of not knowing what the alternative is to sucking chocolate off a tramp s dick. So, for the second time that evening, I rolled the dice. I was like, You made an excellent start, but you and I both know, this game lives or dies by the quality of the next option that you lay before me. Yeah. By this point, the kid was quite scared of me. Tread very carefully, my friend. Tread very carefully. At this point, though, it was like the pupil became the master. This kid looked up at me unwaveringly and do you know what he said? He went, Jack, would you rather suck chocolate off a tramp s dick… or… have a tramp suck chocolate… off your dick? Boom! Mind grenade. My face contorted in joy and wonder. Like the first time I d seen boobies displayed on a calculator. I was, like, What the fuck? At this point though, our game is brought to an abrupt end as I m physically manhandled to the corner of the marquee by my girlfriend and told, in no uncertain terms, that as a responsible adult, I should have shut him down, rather than ask the boy if the tramp had teeth. You would! You would. I ve made undignified exits in my time, but nothing compares to getting dragged, screaming, from a Muslim wedding as you shout back to a 13-year-old kid: I d suck the dick. Once upon a time, there lived the trolls. And of their clan, there was one whom all revered. Yes, admittedly he didn t speak much, but when he did, he was the wisest of them all. Oh, don t you worry. I am just as disappointed in this costume as you are. I wanted to look like one of the trolls from Frozen. I ve ended up looking like the love child of Shrek and Ron Weasley. What s happened with the nose? One day they ll take you seriously. Why do you keep looking down there? Oh, my God. Have I got camel toe? Stop it! Stop looking at my troll toe. Stop objectifying me. It s the end of the show, which means that there s only one thing left me to say. Are you fucking joking? Can you not move it to me? Do you know how hard it is to walk in this? Big moment. What s going on? ? There s a voice in every person ? ? Who the fuck s this? ? ? A simple wish so strong ? ? To catch the wind To take a breath ? ? To spin it into song ? ? I had a line, love. ? ? There s a tune in every human ? ? Beating in their chest ? ? But I think we all agree ? ? A princess sings it best ? ? I m Gothi the Troll. I have a line. ? ? Get over it Get over it ? ? It s me they want to see ? ? Get over it Don t throw a fit ? ? No troll can upstage me ? ? I ll drown them out ? I ll get this. ? But that s OK ? ? ‘Cause no one cares one bit About trolls anyway ? ? He wants to go to Hollywood ? ? And show them he can act ? ? Because there aren t enough Posh English boys already doing that ? ? But he didn t make the cinema ? ? So, well, tough luck, that stinks ? ? But if Robert Pattinson had done it ? ? He d be on the screen ? ? He s so sexy! ? ? Get over it Get over it ? ? It s me they want to see ? ? Get over it, you moaning tit ? ? It s me they want to be ? ? You had your little whinge ? ? Now go away ? ? ‘Cause no one cares one bit About trolls ? ? No one cares one bit About trolls ? ? No one gives a shit about trolls ? ? Anyway ? I trollfully bid you farewell!

CRISTELA ALONZO@LOWER CLASSY@2017@What s up, San Antonio? Oh-ho-ho-ho! Oh, I m so excited to be here! Thank you, guys, for coming out. I love San Antonio. I got here last night. And I asked this chick, What do you guys do here for fun? – And she s like… – I ll tell you what to do.  You re gonna drink, you re gonna get plastered, you re gonna end the night with Five Guys. I had no idea Five Guys was a burger place. I m like, Wow, you must be popular!  I ll start with one. My idea of a threesome is me with a pint of Ben & Jerry s. I don t know what we re doing. It s so good to be here. I ve been traveling non-stop for over a year. And I ve seen all of the country, and wow! I was recently in North Carolina and I went into this bar, and I asked the bartender for an Old Fashioned. So he took away my voting rights. I was like, Whoa, that s…  Whoa! Whoa! I m kidding. I m Latina. I don t vote. We don t vote! We don t vote! Not unless it s American Idol or The Voice, right? We don t do it! We don t do it. I m kidding. I love to vote. I do it, like, five, six times in an election. I love it that much. Am I the only one that just got tired of the election? The election we ve had… 24 hours a day, seven days a week. I m done. And you know what pissed me off? When I started hearing people say, We need to go back to the good old days. We need to go back to the good old days. You ever notice it s only white people saying that shit? Brown people, when was our good old days, right? Hmm. If it was really the good old days, why don t you ever see black people doing Civil War re-enactments, right? You never see that! Never see that conversation. Hey, Lamar, what are you doing this weekend?  I m gonna go to my neighbor s house, I m gonna cook and clean for free.  You know, like the good old days. I m Latina. When was our good old days? When JLo became Selena? That s what we get? That s what we get? Okay! That s what we get. Selena. For those of you that don t know Selena… Selena is the closest thing Latinos have to a superhero. She is a Mexican-American singer. She died over 20 years ago and we still talk about what she could ve done. Oh, if Selena was still here… Oh-ho-ho! Oh-ho-ho-ho!  Ooh! Trump would build a wall, she would knock it down with her voice! ? Um-biddy-biddy-bum-bum ? Down! Down! Down! Down! Down! Oof. We shouldn t laugh, guys. Trump s gonna build a wall. He is! Shut up! He is! He s gonna build a wall. All the way to California. You know what s after California? The ocean. Fuck it. We ll swim. I don t care. Build a wall! Does he know if he builds a wall, all he s doing is making us amazing athletes? We gotta run, we gotta climb, we gotta swim. He s making, like, an immigrant triathlon. First place is freedom! He s gonna build a wall. Doesn t he know we use tunnels now? Build that wall as high as you want, stupid. We re underground! We should help them. We should do a BYOB party – bring your own brick, and we just build it, like… Stupid! Did you guys see that dude? Did you guys see the tunnel Chapo had when he got arrested? That shit looked like a Disneyland ride! There was lights, a guy selling tickets, a two-hour wait. There was a Starbucks. I ll have the Chapo-ccino, I guess. Isn t it weird to think we have a candidate… that has to tan that s trying to deport everybody that doesn t have to tan? That s fucked up! When you think about it, tanning is such a double standard because white people can go and be dark for a week. I can t go anywhere and lighten. That s bullshit. I like hearing white girls talk to their friends. - Hey, girl, you wanna go tan? – Let s go be ethnic for a week.  Don t worry, we re still white.  Hi, I m Becky. I have cornrows. Fuck it. I love it! It s a double standard. White people have tanning booths. There s no bleaching booth for me to go to! I would love that! Go in, like, Hey, I need to be two shades whiter this week. I ve got a job interview. Oh, shit. Oh, shit. Oh! Ooh! Ooh. I m sorry. I dropped something. The truth, right? So weird… What a weird time we live in politically, you know? I live in LA. In California, weed is legal. – Yeah! – Isn t it weird? No, don t. Think about it. How fucked up is that? We started legalizing weed before immigrants. How fucked up is that? We started legalizing weed before immigrants. When I was a kid, I was told weed was a drug. Don t do it. It ll ruin your life.  Don t do it. It ll ruin your life. Now they re like, Ah, we were messing with you. Go ahead. Get high. Go!  Ah! Go!  Lupita, watch the kids. I m gonna go smoke. Bye! Lupita s like, Can I get a green card?  Hell, no! You can get a pot card, though, right? Huh?  Can I get papers?  Rolling papers? Hell, yeah, you can, Lupita! Ooh-ah! Ooh-ah! San Antonio, I m home. I m from Texas. I m from South Texas. Ooh! Oh! I love it! I come from a small town. We had a really big, bad gang problem. The problem was, we only had one gang. How do you only have one gang? Who are you fighting with? No-one. The gang started tagging walls in our town, TCB number one, bitches! No-one would argue with them. So the next day it would be like, Uh-huh, that s right. After a month, they just had a wall of positive affirmations on the wall. People would say, Is that your church?  No, that s our gang.  They re confident. We re proud of them. They re gonna be big. If you guys don t know what it s like to grow up with a gang, let me put it in perspective for you. It s kind of like when there s a Walmart and a Target near each other. And you gotta pick which one you re with. It s all about territories and colors, you know. Walmart s blue. Target s red. If you re Walmart, I don t wanna see a red pullover in my neighborhood, bitch, or I will slash you, like I slash prices up in this bitch! I don t even care! Walmart for life. I m kidding. I m Target. I m gonna tattoo a bullseye. I grew up poor. It s weird, when you re a kid, you don t know that you re poor, because you always think that everyone lives like you. When I was in fourth grade, I realized I was poor because I was a really big fan of New Kids On The Block. I loved them, right? I couldn t afford to see them in concert, right? So I had this fantasy when I was a kid, you know, that I was gonna meet them and they were gonna fall in love with me, right? No joke, you guys. This was the fantasy. Fourth grade. I was gonna be the maid on their tour bus. And I was gonna clean things so good… that they were gonna fall in love with me! In my head, I thought they were gonna get on the tour bus and be like, Oh, my God. Who made that bed right there? You know what I mean? Oh, my God.  This tour bus is so clean. Who made that bed right there? Who made that bed right there? Who made that bed right there? You know? Like, yes. Yes. And then I would say, I made that bed. And they would be like, We love you now. And I m like… That was it. I was in fourth grade. Then 20 years later, I thought about that story, I looked back and I was thinking, Why the fuck was I a maid in my own fantasy? Like, even in my fantasy, I can t give Latinos better jobs? And then I started thinking about it, and you know why? It s because a lot of the women I knew, that s what they did for a living. They cooked at restaurants. They cleaned houses. They came here and had those jobs to get a better life so that their kids didn t have to do those jobs. And when I understood that, I realized that as a woman, I wanted to break that glass ceiling, you know? Yeah. But as a Mexican, I wanna clean that shit, too. You know what I mean? Where s the Fabuloso? The purple one! Bitch, like there s any other kind! I finally got to see the New Kids when I was 33. They reunited, right? My boyfriend at the time went to the concert with me because he wanted to see me lose it. He s like, Hey, are you gonna be okay? I m like, Dude, I m 33. I got this, bro.  I love you! I love you! Oh, my… And then within minutes, I started realizing, Oh, my God… This is a stadium full of 30 to 40-year-old women watching these grown-ass men… talking about dating chicks in high school. I was like, Oh, my God. They didn t update the songs at all! Because now I m an adult, right? I remember, when I was a kid, I used to love the song You Got The Right Stuff . And I d love it because the lyric was like, First kiss was a sweet kiss, second kiss had a twist. And I m like, Oh, my God. They re Frenching. Right? But I m 33 at that point, so I m like, Third and the fourth kiss, we re doing it.  Those tickets were expensive, my friend got a babysitter, you gotta give me more.  You gotta hang tough and give me more. They really should update those songs, though. I mean… You Got The Right Stuff . I m in my 30s. The song should speak to me, you know? ? You got good credit ? ? Baby ? ? Your FICO score turns me on ? Yeah! You know, it s weird, in your 30s, you re not old, but you realize in your 30s, every year you start realizing there s one thing every year you can t really do any more, you know? I live in Los Angeles. I m at that age where the only way I can get into a nightclub is by telling the door guy that I m looking for my underage daughter. But then I have to pretend to look for the bitch the entire night. Where s Stephanie? I don t know where Stephanie s at. Is she down here?  She s not down here. Oh. I am Catholic. I m what I call a barely Catholic. Like, I m barely… My parents, my family… I m Catholic because my family is, but I don t know a lot. I know the basics. When people find out I m Catholic, they love asking me questions. I m like, Oh, God. Let it be an easy one.  Who s the guy on the cross?  Jesus! Yes! Yes!  Yes! Yes! Yes! Sometimes they get harder. Why do you use holy water at church?  Oh, God. It s because we hate vampires. You ever notice Latinos are the only ones that name their kids Jesus ? This is my son Jesus Rodriguez. He works at Papa John s.  Oh!  Jesus has come a long way! You never meet a white guy named Jesus. Hi, I m Jesus Rosenberg. I work at Goldman Sachs. It s insane. You guys ever notice that you always find out what you think of your friends when you can t remember their names? Because then you have to describe them to people. And you never say nice shit about that person. It s always, What s that guy s name? The fat one. Loser. Lives with his mom. Hector! Hector! Yes!  Yes! Hector! Hector! Yes!  Tell him hi.  I don t think you like Hector, dude. It s insane. I m a first generation American, you know? It s hard to be first generation because you have to learn how to be American and teach your parents how to be American, too. Like, for me in Texas, I m a big sports fan. I love sports. I m from Texas. I love football. Now… Here s the thing. People don t understand, when you re a sports fan, when you have a team, that s your team. Those are your boys. Whether they suck or they re good, those are your boys, you know? People are passionate about sports. I m from Texas. I like football. I love the Cowboys, right? Not everyone clapped. See, five minutes ago, you all loved me, but now… I get it! You know how hard it is to be a fan of a team that sucks? It s like you re dating that guy that can t get his shit together. Every season, they make promises they can t keep. No, baby, come back. This year, I promise you a ring.  Oh, great! It never works! My friends tell me all the time, they say the same thing, Switch teams, you gotta switch teams. That s my team! I can t do that. That s my team. It s like having a kid that s flunking math. You re like, I ll cheer for the neighbor s kid. He s smart. You can t do that! You can t. You show up wearing a jersey, Neighbor s kid, 82. What pisses me off about watching sports is the press conferences after the game. Do we have to interview them when they lose? Everybody wants to find out, Why did you lose? Why did you lose?  Well, shit, the other team scored more. That s how it works. What a terrible time to get interviewed about stuff! Can you imagine if that happened to you? For shitty parts of your life, you have to give a press conference? You get fired from a job, Why did you get fired? Why did you get fired?  Well, shit, I steal office supplies, so I…  We ll get them next time. I m first generation. It s hard, man. Because, again, you have to teach your parents how to be American. It s tough because you re learning it, too, you know? You guys, my mom… had never seen Girl Scouts before in her life. Never. The first time she saw Girl Scouts… she thought they were Border Patrol agents… ..in training. She thought Border Patrol had a kid unit. And every time she saw the cookies, she would hide from them. I d say, Mom, they re not trying to deport you. They re selling cookies.  Ah, that s what you think! Oh-ho-ho!  That s how they get you! God, you re stupid!  That s how they get you. You get hungry, you buy Thin Mints. And then I m back in Mexico. No cookies in this house! No cookies! What people don t understand, though, is that when you grow up with immigrant parents, you have to rely on them to do their version of American holidays. So they gotta go with what they know, you know? Like, my mom was from Mexico. People don t understand, Mexico is south of us. But life is totally different there. They don t get that. My mom, she didn t grow up with Santa Claus. There was no Santa Claus in her village. There was the three wise men. Now, we celebrate December 25th, like everybody else. But we celebrate January 6th, too. That s our big day. And I have a theory that we do January 6th because all that shit s on clearance by that time. That s what we do. So one year, my single mom tried to do her version of Santa Claus, right? I wake up, there s a gift-wrapped box with a card that says, Santa Claus. I look at my mom. She s like, I am Santa Claus.  What?  I am Santa Claus. Merry Christmas.  No, no, no, I did not bust my butt so this white guy takes credit for my shit. I am Santa Claus. Me. Ho, ho, ho!  Ho, ho, ho!  And I say it in Spanish with a J. Ho, ho, ho! I am Santa Claus. She was a cute woman. My mom, not kidding, she would buy photo frames, picture frames, and she would keep the pictures that came with the frames. And she would hang them up on the wall. And she would call them her white family. And every time we would get in trouble, she would use them as an example. Cristela, you re flunking math. Why can t you be like your cousin Peggy?  She s graduating college. Why can t you? People don t understand, when you grow up between two cultures of any kind, it s hard because you start realizing that certain things you do that are considered, you know, like, American are ridiculous to the other side of your family. I had to ask my mom for permission to go on spring break to go swim with the dolphins, right? Mom, can I go swim with the dolphins?  What s that?  How much is that?  $200.  Do you get to eat the fucking thing after?  Oh-ho-ho!  No, go, and then when your brothers are hungry, we ll show them a picture of you riding the dolphin.  Oh, my God. She s exercising with her food. Okay!  I m gonna go bike-riding with tamales. I ll be right back. I tried asking her for an allowance once. She said, No, you get one. I allow you to live here for free, stupid.  I allowance the lights, I allowance the food, all the allow! My mom was like a die-hard Catholic woman. Like, she was super Catholic. She loved God but she hated people. In my neighborhood, we were always visited every weekend by the Jehovah s Witnesses, right? Every weekend. My mom couldn t stand it because she s like, I m team Catholic. Why are they trying to convert me? And every day, they would come in. One day, they knocked. Da-da-da.  Excuse me, ma am. Have you found God? She s like, No, but if you find him, tell him we re fucking starving in here. Bye. We ended up getting a dog and that dog used to bark at everyone. Everyone, right? My mom loved it because the Jehovah s Witnesses stopped coming. And one day, the dog died, and they caught on, and they came back and started knocking, and my mom wasn t ready for it. She s like, No! Woof!  Perro woof! Perro woof? How the hell does the dog have an accent? Perro woof? That s so crazy. Isn t it crazy to think how fast the year goes by? Every year, you get older, I feel like I can t believe we re already at this point. Like, you know? Every year goes by quicker and quicker. It s insane, you know? And I feel bad because at this point, I told myself that I was gonna get my shit together this year. This was gonna be the year, you guys! I ve been trying to get in shape. Ooh! You guys, I went to the gym today. Oh-ho-ho! Man, I m going inside tomorrow, but… I had to find it first, dude! It s right next to my McDonald s. I had no idea. It s hard. You ever realize how hard it is to get in shape? Because everything costs money. It s expensive to get in shape. Everything costs money. Workout clothes are expensive. You guys, I went to a store called Lululemon. Now I know why they lose weight. They can t afford to buy food after they buy that shit! It s insane! If you don t know what Lululemon is, it s a store that sells workout clothes for people who don t need to work out. They re thin. I went into the store, right? Guess what I found out. I m too fat to fit into their workout clothes. I m too fat to work out? I have to lose 20 pounds before I can start working out. I didn t wanna leave empty-handed, so I looked for anything that fit. I m like, Where the hell are your headbands? You don t have headbands? Wristbands?  You don t sell key chains? They don t sell key chains here! Finally, I found a sports bra that kind of fit, right? Kind of fit. Like, if I light a candle and pray… I can put it on. You know when you try clothes on that fit, but you don t know how you re gonna get them off? I need scissors. Like that, right? I looked at the price. 80 bucks. 80 bucks! I was like, 80 bucks? For 10 bucks, I can go to Home Depot and hire a day laborer to hold them up when I go jog.  Ándale, Pepe. It s expensive! I keep trying to work out, but I don t think I wanna work out. I always say the same thing. I am gonna start on Monday. And then Monday comes, I eat a doughnut, and I m like, Damn it!  Now I gotta wait till next Monday! I can t start on Tuesday! It s insane. I recently bought the Zumba DVDs. Now, there s a Zumba DVD set that comes with maracas. It s like the little weights, right? So you can keep the beat along with them. The other day, you guys, I popped it in. Oh, I wish you had been there, man. Oh! I was killing it, you guys. I was, like, sweating. I was like, Oh, my God. That must have been 20 minutes. Four minutes. Four minutes. Four. Four. Four. Four. Cuatro. I got tired, right? I go into the kitchen to get a glass of water. There s a bag of popcorn right next to it. I m like, Oh, my God. That looks so good. So I pop the bag of popcorn and go back into the living room with my popcorn and my water, and the DVD s playing. I m like, Oh, my God, I m working out! So what do I do? I sit down and I watch the DVD like it s a movie! Like… I love Zumba. And you can t just work out, either. You gotta eat healthy food. You know? Healthy food is expensive. And that s bullshit because poor people can t afford it. I hate that. I can t stand that. People don t realize, when you grow up poor, you don t learn how to eat right, because it s not about eating right, it s about eating. People don t get that. When I was a kid, I was raised on McDonald s because that shit was cheap. I mean… single mom, McDonald s. Dude, the McRib came back more times than my dad, you know what I mean? I say that in every city in case he s out there. Back when I was growing up, you could feed a family of four for, like, 20 bucks. Family of four, 20 bucks. But if you wanna make a salad at home, boom, $1,000. I went to Whole Foods. My God, that store should have layaway. What the fuck are we doing at Whole Foods? I walked in. They re like, Can I help you? I m like, No, I m just here to visit my tomatoes, thank you.  I think I m gonna get them out next week. I m really excited.  I m buying eggplant. They re checking my credit. I started walking around the store. They were having a sale. Ooh! Ooh! A sale at Whole Foods. Six bucks for a pint of strawberries. Because they re organic. Six bucks. I was like, Ho-ho-ho-ho! That s a lot of money. I m sorry. For that much, you d better show me a photo of white people picking the fruit. What the fuck is that? Forget Jose and Maria, man. I want Becky and Brian out in the field picking that. Healthy food is so expensive. And how do they justify it? How do they justify it? Now they tell you the life story of every animal you re about to eat at the store. You walk down the aisle, it s like Ancestry.com for cows. Every animal has its story. Oh, this milk is hormone-free. This beef is grass-fed. This chicken is cage-free.  Fuck, these animals had a better childhood than I did!  I grew up in the hood, I had bars on my window, but this chicken was cage-free. Okay! Oh! There I am in the bedroom. How is it outside, chicken?  I wish I could be a cage-free kid, but…  gangs. This chicken is expensive because I m paying for the hobbies it had when it was alive? This chicken s $20 a pound because it played the cello and it liked to surf. That s an awesome chicken! Why are we eating it? If I had to eat something that had an awesome life and didn t do shit, screw the chicken, I d eat a Kardashian. Oh, my God! Have you seen their butts? They could feed villages for months. That s what people don t realize and it bugs me, that when you grow up poor, life is different. People don t get it. When you grow up without money, life is different. You have to learn how to live without certain luxuries in life, you know? Luxuries. Like air-conditioning. Or food allergies. I didn t even know those were a thing until, like, five years ago, man. It s insane. Isn t it weird that the more money you make, the less food you re allowed to eat? When you re poor, you eat whatever you can because you never know when that next meal is coming. We don t have the luxury to be allergic to shit! That s a conversation you ll never hear in the hood, you know? Yo, man, they killed Mario.  What, drive-by?  No, peanuts. Drive-by honey-roasted. And don t misunderstand me. I grew up poor, but I grew up happy. You know? Like, you don t need money to be happy. It fucking helps, but… you don t need it. It s like I said before, when you re a kid, you don t know you re poor. Because everybody you live around is pretty much on the same level. You don t get it. I grew up in the 80s. In my neighborhood, everyone was poor. Back then, the only way you could tell someone had cash, you d walk into their living room and they would have a set of encyclopedias. I knew Juan was doing good.  I didn t know he was doing encyclopedia good!  Nita, he s got the Q! I feel like half of you don t know what the fuck an encyclopedia is. Right? It s the internet but in books. It s where the word Wikipedia came from. Isn t it weird to think that people don t know what encyclopedias are? They don t know the pain of having to do homework with that shit. Getting a book report… Having to go to the library, hoping the volume hasn t been stolen yet. You show up, it s gone. You re like, Oh, I m gonna make up some shit about Japan! I don t know! Isn t it weird that that s where we are with technology? We used to have books everywhere. Books, books, books. Most of us didn t read them but they were there. Now everything we ve got is in our little phone, right there. Everything. Technology can be so amazing and it can be so terrible at times, you know? You know what pisses me off? It s great for kids. It sucks for me. It pisses me off that kids will never know the pain of having to save up money to buy a whole record album or CD for one song. Do you remember when you had to do chores? You d hear a song on a thing called the radio… or MTV, and you re like, I want that! You d have to save up, like, 20 bucks, hoping the whole thing was a hit. Because if you bought a CD that was a one-hit wonder, you re like, Fuck! You never get over it! I spent 20 bucks on Whoomp There It Is. 20 bucks! I thought Tag Team was back again. They fucking never showed up! Rico Suave. I thought I was fucking guessing good on that one. But technology isn t all great. I mean, some parts of technology suck. I m gonna assume that everyone in this room, we have all been screwed over by autocorrect. At one point or another, right? We re not stupid. Why does our phone wanna fuck up our friendships, dude? And it sucks when you text in another language. I text with my sister in Spanish, right? Okay, so the other day, I was texting my sister. I m trying to call her a pendeja. For those of you that don t know, pendeja is a term of endearment. Right? You know? Like, it means bitch, but it depends on how you say it, you know? You could be like, Bitch! or you could be like, Bitch! You know what I mean? I m more like, Hey, bitch! You know? And I text her, I m like, Hey, pendeja. She writes back, Why did you call me a pencil?  Fuck me!  You re, like, all stupid. You re a number dos pencil. You don t even… Even worse… a couple of months ago, a friend of mine sent me a video of a puppy. I love puppy videos. Love them, right? I wrote back, Tee hee hee, I love puppies. Autocorrect changed Tee hee hee to Hey Jew Jew. She s Jewish. And not only that, autocorrect capitalized every letter. Like I m fucking yelling it at her. Hey! Jew! Jew! I love za puppies! It went from being cute to a hate crime in one second. I started thinking, Oh, my God. What if that happens when I need help? I send out a text like, Help, I m stuck in a ditch! and she s like, Help, you stuck up bitch! I have to take care of her. She s one of my only girlfriends, you know? I don t have a lot of girlfriends. I m a tomboy. I grew up with guys. I grew up with brothers, you know? I m not very girly. And I come from an old-school Mexican family. They expect you to always wear makeup and be dressed up, you know? My mom would be like, Why aren t you wearing makeup?  Because I m going to bed, dude! It s, like, late!  And how are you gonna find a man in your dreams? As a tomboy, what I wear… Now, what I m wearing, this is like my typical outfit. T-shirt, jeans, sneakers, I love it, right? Very comfortable. Dress like that every day of my life. And I ve noticed I m usually cool with it, but I ve noticed that every now and then, people judge me on how I dress. And it sucks because they always guess wrong, normally. You know? And it s annoying. And I ll tell you, the places that it happens a lot at are the expensive stores… where people think that I can t afford to shop there. You know what I mean? Look… I don t wanna brag… but I ve got money. Okay? Okay? I ve got the kind of money, like, when I m sick, I go to the doctor. In the United States. That s rich. When I get sick, I m like, Grandma, keep your Vicks. We re going to the doctor. That s how much money I ve got. Rappers make it rain champagne, I make it rain penicillin. I m like, Right there. Everybody… So I was at Bloomingdale s, in the clearance section. I can afford clearance, not the regular-priced stuff, okay? I m at Bloomingdale s and I see a bag that I like and it doesn t have a price. And I stand by it and people start walking and no-one stops, right? They just walk, walk, walk. Finally, a woman walks by. I m like, Da-da-da-da! Hey… how much is this bag? She s like, Oh.  It s $800. Hmm.  Okay.  I m gonna buy that bag. She s like, Oh, are you? Hmm.  I m just gonna take the bag and hold it up front until you re ready to check out. Bitch! So we re at the cash register, right? And she s typing, typing, whatever. It s taking forever, like she doesn t think I m gonna buy the bag, like halfway through I m gonna be like, JK, I m poor! Bye! Typing, typing. Here s a thing you gotta know about me. My mom taught me to never complain. We don t complain. If I get the wrong food at a restaurant, I eat the wrong food. I don t complain, right? But this woman s being so terrible, like, obviously terrible, right? Nah-nah-nah-nah-nah-nah. I m like, Look, I m sorry. I ve gotta stop you. You are being awful. You re being rude and I m gonna teach you a lesson. Now, I don t even want this bag.  I m buying this bag because I ve got the money to buy this bag. And not only that. This bag is for me, and I want you to gift-wrap it.  That bag is for me, but I wanna surprise myself: ‘What did I get me? I want you to surprise… Gift-wrap it. Gift-wrap it. And I stood there. I m like, More ribbon. I pay, she gives me the card, blah, blah, blah. I m like, I m doing this to teach you a lesson. I don t know what it is about me, but for some reason, you think that I can t afford to shop here. I don t know what you expect me to wear to this store, like, what, a fucking wedding gown?  Need I remind you that I m shopping at Bloomingdale s, and you re fucking working at Bloomingdale s, okay?  Now give me my fucking bag. Thank you. I left. I was walking off. You guys, that is the closest… That was like the movie Selena. Like, We don t want that dress. You know what I mean? Like Pretty Woman: Big mistake. Like, that s where I was. I left. I was like… I was waiting to get outside and just lose it, you know, like… I walked out of that store with pride. I walked out of that store with dignity. And I got into my car and I was like, Yes! And I drove to the closest Bloomingdale s to return that fucking bag. Because I couldn t afford it, but I taught that bitch a lesson, and that s all that matters! That s a lot of money! I don t have that kind of money! Oh, my… But I ve got 12 bucks for the gift-wrap, oh, yeah! Oh! 800 bucks! You know when you ask… When you ask for the price of something and it s too expensive, but you gotta pretend it doesn t mess with you? Oh, 800 bucks!  Only?  I ll take five of them. But on the inside, you re like… That s two tomatoes at Whole Foods! Man, I buckled it in like it was a baby. Nobody touch it! I m returning it! I am a tomboy. There are things I like that are kind of girly, like my music. I love love songs. And one of my favorite love songs has been ruined by a commercial. It s the abused puppy commercial from Sarah McLachlan. Do those commercials have to be 30 hours long? And they re always in the middle of the funniest thing you re watching. You guys, those commercials have ruined that Sarah McLachlan song for me. A couple of months ago, I was taking a shower, I had my iPod on shuffle, loving life. Killing it. Listening to, like, Ace Of Base, TheSign like, nailing it, right? ? I saw the sign ? Hell, yeah! End of song, boom, shuffle. ? In the arms ? ? Of the angel ? Why? It became the most depressing shower I ve ever had! I was washing myself with my own tears! ? Fly away ? ? From here ? Why? The fucking puppy! San Antonio, I just wanna say thank you so much for coming tonight. It means a lot. It s a very special night for me. I m glad you guys came out. Most of you might remember, I had a show on TV called Cristela. Thank you. I… – I loved that show and… – Bring it back! I wish I could. I can t bring it back. But thank you. That s my dad. Mija, what did you say about the McRib? I loved that show. That show… That show was really about a part of my life where I d moved in with my sister, I helped take care of her kids and my mom, and it was very important for me to do that show. You might notice, in my stand-up, I talk a lot about my mom. And for me… if you saw the show, she was this very crotchety old woman. She hated everyone, you know? But, like, if she made fun of you, that meant she loved you. You know what I mean? And for me, my mom was always the star of my show. I talk a lot about my mom because I feel like when we talk about immigrants… we never really give them a heart or a soul. And I wanted people to know the story of my mom and know that she was a real person and she was like that, and that she went through a lot so that I could be here tonight. That s why I do it. And, you know, for some people, my experience isn t their Latino experience. And I get that, you know? I just wanted to show mine. I wanted to show my life, you know? The show wasn t called Every Latino In The World. It was called Cristela. And for me, I wanted to show a mom like that because you ever notice that the moms on TV, they re never like that? They re always kind of the same. They re always very happy. They never get mad. My mom used to get mad, you know? They never get mad. Think about it. Paper towel commercials. You guys… the kid will drop, like, a gallon of orange juice. Orange juice! That shit s expensive! I don t care if that s Sunny Delight or Tampico. That shit is expensive. For those of you that don t know Tampico… Tampico is an orange liquid. You can buy, like, 30 gallons of it for a dollar. And it glows in the dark. Like, why the fuck does it glow in the dark? I keep a gallon of it in the fridge in case there s a power outage. I just take it out. I m like, Everybody follow the Tampico.  Everybody. It s like a highlighter you can drink. Tampico. The mom and the kid clean it up, then they have a dance party. My mom wasn t like that, you know? And, you know… You guys have been a great audience and I m actually going to tell you a story that I don t normally tell people, and after tonight, I will never tell this story again. But it s a story of the kind of woman my mom was, in case you didn t believe that she was really like that. This story is a very true story and it… It takes a lot out of me, but I wanna say it, because, again, I m trying to let people know what kind of mom my mom was, what kind of person she was. When I was 21… I moved to Los Angeles by myself. I didn t know anybody. And I lived in my car for a very long time. And my family didn t know that because I was the baby, and I didn t want them to worry. And at 21, my oldest brother calls me and tells me… that our mom is sick and I have to go home. Now, I m 21 and… it s a hard thing to hear. So I go home to visit my mom, and when I get there, my brother tells me, You know, we didn t wanna scare you. She s pretty bad. We brought you here so that you could say bye to her. Now, at 21, we all think we know everything. We all think we re adults, we have our shit together. But trust me, when you get news like that, you realize that you re nothing but a kid. Your 30s, 40s, any time you get that, you realize that you re still a kid. When I heard that, I didn t know what to do. Because I had that chance. Now, you gotta know, I come from an old-school Mexican family. We don t tell each other how we feel. You know, like… we hide it. We make fun of each other. We don t hug, we don t kiss, we insult each other. Hey, fatso, you re fucking fat! My family wasn t like that. Like, that s what we did. We didn t hug and stuff. And I thought to myself… If you re like this first generation and you re one of the few that s doing the first of everything in your family, do something, do the first of something. Tell this woman what you think of them, what you think of this person. Tell her how you feel. I thought, Can I tell my mom how I really feel? And I thought, If not now, when? I went inside to her room… and she looked different. Sometimes they don t tell you that they ll look different. And the moment I saw her… I cried. And I was like… I love you. You re the most important person in my life. Everything I do, I do to honor your journey. And if I could bargain with God… I would shorten my life so that you could have a longer one, and I would take care of you until you died and make sure that you had the happiest life ever. And she started crying. Which surprised me. I didn t know she could. And it was sad. At the same time, I thought, How great is it that I got the chance to say that? How great is it that I had that last moment, that I got to tell her how I felt, how much I loved her… right before she died? And then she didn t die. She didn t fucking die! Do you know how awkward the next day was? Oh!  You re still here?  Uh-huh! That woman… lived for another year. And every day, she would make fun of me. And called me a pussy. For being so weak. Every day, Cristela, I want a hamburger.  You can t have one. You re sick.  But you love me! Thank you, guys, for coming, San Antonio! Thank you so much! You guys have been amazing! Thank you so much! Thank you, thank you! Thank you. Thank you.

JUDAH FRIEDLANDER@AMERICA IS THE GREATEST COUNTRY IN THE UNITED STATES@2017@I think being an American is a preexisting condition. My hair used to be black. Now every year white hairs show up. Next year more white hairs moving in. It makes me mad, makes me sad cause it means my head is getting gentrified. And… there is nothing I can do to stop it. Pretty soon I won t be able to afford it. But I keep moving forward because I m an American. I just wrote a movie about a piñata that comes back to life and murders all the children that beat her with a stick. That s right, I said her. It s piñata, not piñato. Okay? Piñatas are females who have been getting abused by children at the encouragement of parents for centuries. I like trilogies. That s why I m so excited about World War III. The original was a landmark. Everyone loved that one. A lot of critics and fans think the second one was better than the first, and… We ve all been waiting over 70 years for the final chapter in the trilogy. I wish they would just give it to us already. I… I think the next one could be the highest-grossing. I just hope they don t ruin it with too much merchandising. I do a lot of charity work. Anyone else? You seem like great people. I just donated to this organization, Doctors Without Passports. It s a group of doctors who wanna help sick people in foreign countries but they re not motivated enough to get a passport. Try to chip in and make a difference. I wrote a self-help book for trees. It s called How Not to Become a Book. I m hoping to sell 10 million copies. I just made a documentary about the horrors of human trafficking during rush hour. I m always trying to help people. Anyone from far away? Or, uh…? – Where are you from? – Guatemala. Yeah. – Guatemala. – Guatemala s not that far. I was actually there this morning. I, uh… I was gonna fly in for the show, but it was nice out so I parkoured my way over here, and so… I care about the planet, I don t use up carbon footprints, just real footprints. What else? Who else? – Mexico. It s pronounced Mexico, okay. Mexico. – Where in Mexico? – Monterrey. Mm-hm. It s Monterrey. Monterrey. I used to live in downtown Monterrey, Mexico. What part? I lived on First Street. Sorry, it was Uno Street. It was Uno Street. The number one street in Monterrey, Mexico. That s why it s called Uno Street. Welcome, great to have you here. – Where you from? – England. England, at one point, you used to own the whole world. What happened? I don t think you are an evil, imperialistic nation. I think you were simply a country that was in search of better-tasting cuisine. I, uh… I think one day your troops wandered over to India, took a lunch break, and were like, Wow. This curry is just dandy. Let s take this recipe back to the queen. Your general said, No, this is too good. We should surround this nation with our troops and protect this chicken tikka masala recipe. Make sure it stays authentic. And, England, you used to own us. Yeah, you did. You used to own us. And then we defeated you. Took your language and perfected it. You got nothing left. Your last piece of dignity, David Beckham, lives here. He named his son Brooklyn, it s over. That s the second American Revolutionary War, Beckham naming his son Brooklyn. The tie is up at seven. – What do you do, England? – I organize events. You organize events. It sounds like you re a terrorist. I m gonna kick your ass after the show. Any other countries? – Germany. Where in Germany? West Germany. Have you learned the name of the town yet or…? Or you know it s in the western part of your country? As a German I expect more precision with your answer. – Lithuania. – Lithuania. Got a zero from the crowd, sir, but I… I think it s one of the top, uh, ten ex-Soviet countries. I, uh… Welcome. What do you do for a living? – Student. – Student? You get paid to go to school? Okay. What do you study? – Physical education. – Physical education. You study physical education. So, when kids are in gym class, you re looking through the window and taking notes? That s a crime in this country. Well, all of you, uh, Mexico, Venezuela, Argentina, Germany, Ireland, Australia, Netherlands, Switzerland, all of you, welcome to the number one country. Welcome. Thank you for coming all the way from your little amateur, junior varsity country to an actual real, professional and number one country. Netherlands, beautiful country. Most indecisive country in the world. You re the Netherlands, you re also Holland. And when you meet someone you tell them to call you Dutch. You ve been a country a long time now, pick a fucking name. Healthiest country in the world. Everyone bicycles every day in the Netherlands. Yet they ve never won the Tour de France. Sad, dude. Twice. Switzer… No. That s a Dutch myth. Yeah, that actually never happened. Netherlands, what s your rank worldwide? What do you guys rank? We re number one, but what do you guys rank? Last time I checked the charts, I didn t see you guys on it. I know you re one of the top 30 countries in Europe, but, you know, like worldwide, what s the rank? You don t know? Let s go to the stats. All right, Netherlands, uh, how many, uh…? How many gun murders a year do you have? Like three? Four? We have 30,000. And you know why? ‘Cause we re number one. And think about it, why does America have so many more gun murders than the Netherlands? It s because our country has superior aim. We re… We re better marksmen. You all have no hand-eye coordination. That s… That s why you re playing soccer. That s why you never won the World Series. Netherlands, another question. Um… When a woman in Netherlands gives birth to a baby, how much time is she given off of work and maybe even paid for that time off of work? One year. Women in Netherlands are given a year of paid leave after giving birth. Know how much time women in America are given off of work after they give birth to a baby? Zero. And you know why? It s because our women care about the economy. That s why the euro is going down. Number one. Netherlands, another question. Um… How many people imprisoned in the Netherlands? I don t mean emotionally, but literally, how many people imprisoned in the Netherlands? – We close down prisons. – You close down your prisons? No. No one has the courage to steal? Just sad, dude. Just sad, dude. You probably have about 350 people in prison. We have 2.6 million people in prison in this country. That means we have a government that cares so much about its citizens it awards 2.6 million of them free meals and housing. And some of them are given a lifetime supply. And they cannot say no. It s a mandatory gesture of unconditional love. I m sorry your government hates you. We have 2.6 million people in prison in this country. Kim Kardashian has 50.7 million followers on Twitter. We are incarcerating the wrong people. That s the way I see it. I was just in Italy. Have you been there? – Did you like it? – Yes. Really? I was not impressed. I traveled all over Italy, not one Olive Garden in the entire country. All these tiny Italian restaurants that nobody s ever even heard of before, not one good enough to warrant opening a second one and starting a chain. Just failing across the entire country. Sad, but… We even have the greatest Irish restaurant in the world, McDonald s. That s why the Irish have been moving here for decades. Now, where do you guys stand on professional sports teams using racist mascots? I m against it. But what about McDonald s and their mascot? Now, like I said, McDonald s, greatest Irish restaurant, and the Irish are known for often having fair skin and reddish hair. And you look at the McDonald s mascot, it s literally a fucking clown. A painted white face, blood-red hair and nose. How is that not offensive to our friends in the Irish community? Why are they not marching and protest…? I think they must be too drunk to notice. I can t think of one reason they re not sticking up for themselves. Question for the Europeans in the crowd. How come when you go to Europe nobody ever really tips the, uh, waiters and the waitresses at a restaurant? – They have better minimum wage. – No, sir. It s because they have inferior waiters and waitresses. America has the most elite waitstaff on the planet. Plus we re just a more generous country. We re givers. That s why we have military bases in over 80 different countries. We care. America has military bases in Europe, Europe has zero military bases in America. Why? Because they re fucking selfish. And we have the best drones in the world. Drones are designed to do a surgical strike, to take out one person at a time. Ours often kill up to 20 or 25 people at a time. That s an overachieving victory drone. Now, I m against the military using drone strikes because it takes away American jobs. And… Now, outside the military, drones are starting to deliver packages. That takes jobs away from birds. This country used to have carrier pigeons, and now they are all out of work. That s the real reason we have Angry Birds. We re the fattest country in the world. Another reason we re number one, and we keep getting fatter. Why? Because the galaxy is expanding. We re the only country adapting to it. European countries, you re too healthy. Pretty soon you re gonna lose your gravity and float in outer space, and then we will wobble over and take your land. That s why California gets those earthquakes. Too many skinny people, not heavy enough to hold that earth down. The Midwest, no earthquakes because people are fucking solid. I teach science part-time online at Dunkin Donuts Academy. You guys should definitely take one of my courses. We re number one in type 2 diabetes. – Any other countries? – Canada. – Where? – Canada. Why did you say that? We were having a good time without… We re all here having fun and you had to say Canada. Canada, do you realize we could ve invaded you at any point in history? We were just never interested. We actually marched all the way through your country, skipped it, then took Alaska. Like, You want this?  No.  What about this here?  Not feeling it.  Oh, look, Alaska. We ll take that. Canada, in the War of 1812, you burned down the White House and we still did not invade you. Because we came to the realization that living in Canada was punishment enough. So polite, Canada, so polite. I was just on Canadian Tinder. It was, uh… There was no swipe left, only swipe rights. Just… Too polite to say no to anybody. Said, Well, not my type, but who knows, it could work out. It could work out. – A lot of Canadians hate America. – No. No, you do, but you don t admit it because you re too polite and nice. – That s true! – And you hate us because you think we hate you. But we don t hate you, we just don t notice you. Canada is like, America, show us some love. We re Canada, we have free healthcare, no violence. We re like, We re busy. You see, America, we re the cheerleaders and the quarterbacks. And Canada is like the nerdy kid who just moved here even though he s been here the whole fucking time. Understand what I m saying? Canada gets American news. America does not get Canadian news unless it s a story about a crackhead mayor acting like a stupid American. See, Canada, when you re better than us, we ignore you. When you dumb it down, we wanna hang out. This will sum up the entire Canadian-American dynamic. As an American, you go to Canada, you don t have to switch American money over to Canadian money. That s how friendly and polite they are. They save you that hassle of going to the exchange place just so that you, a foreigner in their land, can have more free time. Very nice. If a Canadian comes to America and tries to put one little shiny, sparkly Canadian quarter into some dirty slot in an American parking meter, we re like, Get that fucking shit out of here. That s the relationship. And as a result, Canada has low self-esteem. And there is proof in your money. Who is printed on American money? American presidents for the most part. And who is printed on a lot of Canadian money? The Queen of England. How do you think that makes the Queen of Canada feel? Dear Canada, before you want America to love you, learn to love yourself. We re just a better country, Canada. You have red and white in your flag. We have red, white, and blue on our flag. That s why we re number one. We ve got red, white, and blue in our flag just like Cuba and North Korea. We re a flawless nation. America is the greatest country in the United States. You cannot argue that. How does it feel being in Canada, living so close to greatness? Yet so far away at the same time. It feels awesome. Way too much energy for Canada. Way too much energy. Israel. – Where? – Israel. Cool. Where in Palestine are you from? – Any other countries? – Israel. – Where? – Here, Israel. – Where in Israel? – Right here. Yeah, yeah. Yeah… I ju… This is not Israel here, so… I m from right here in Israel. Wow, no wonder why there s so much conflict with Palestine. Like everywhere we go is Israel. Doesn t matter. If, uh… we built settlements down here, yeah, that s Israel. We take a plane to New York, that s Israel, too. Okay? Wherever we go, it s fucking Israel, okay? So, you re from Israel? Cool. You re Asian. Yes, you are. You re Asian. Israel is in Asia. It s not in Africa. It s not in Europe. The Mideast is not a continent. You re Asian. Jesus was Asian. Santa Claus is Asian. That s why all the toys say made in China. I was just in China, met a 5-year-old boy. His toy said, I made this. I like China. China has my favorite air quality. I don t trust the air in America. I don t trust what I can t see. In China, you can see it. I trust that. It s honest air. Without transparency, they achieve transparency. You re from Israel, what should happen? Should Israel have a two-state solution? A one-state solution? Or just a free-for-all? What should happen? – I m gunning for the two states. – The two-state? Okay. So, you re thinking maybe you should do what we did in our country with Carolina? For centuries it was just Carolina, and… they were always at war with each other. North… The north part of Carolina was building settlements in the southern parts and making life very, very difficult for them. They would sometimes throw rocks back at them, and… And then we split them up into two completely separate states. North and South Carolina. And now they are the two most shining examples of perfect states in our country. North Carolina and South Carolina have had zero problems and are the best states in the nation since we did that, so… I don t know, maybe you re right, or maybe not. Uh… How about you? What do you do? You look like you teach chess to cops. Smart but solid. Sounds good to me. – Yeah? Where is home? Australia? – Yeah. – What part? – Melbourne. It s pronounced Melbourne. Yeah, it s Melbourne. You almost got it. You almost got it. Melbourne. M-E-L-B-O-U-R-N-E. Melbourne. Australians are always mispronouncing their own names. They don t say Melbourne, they say Melbourne. They don t say Perth, they say Perth. And it has nothing to do with your accent. I mean, as a country, you re acist against the letter R. I think the actual name of your country is Raustralia. But you efused to say R more than one time in a word. Australia, you re a lot like America. But you re a lot behind us. You re a lot younger than us. You re a big country like us, but you ve only got cities along the coast. You ve got nothing in the middle. Here in America, we ve got cities along the coast and throughout the middle. Except nobody wants to visit the cities in the middle. So, even though you re behind, you re actually ahead. Well done, Raustralia. Now, ahem… Australia, why are you so far away from the rest of the world? What s up with that? I think it s because you re scared. Of every country. Except Okay, where you from? – Denmark. Denmark, very nice, too. That s Scandinavia. Beautiful part of the world. Interesting part of the world, Scandinavia. Almost all white people… yet still segregated. The popular people are in Sweden, the rich people in Norway, artsy people in Denmark, and the depressed nerds with zero self-esteem waiting to kill themselves are in Finland. And… the people you do not even acknowledge are in Iceland. So, it s interesting how you work out these things. Is anyone from another, uh, state? Anyone from another state? – Where are you from? – Chicago. Chicago. Correct answer would ve been Illinois. See? That s Americans right there. We re dumb, but we re confident. One of the many reasons we re number one. – Where did you grow up? – Spain. – Where? – From Spain. It s pronounced España. España. Why do you change the name of your country when you go to other countries? – You call it España? – Sure. Sure? You re just agreeing with me now? Or like is that the answer? – Seriously. – Okay. Then you should call it that in… Wherever you go. – Yeah. – Okay. When someone from the United States goes to Spain they don t say they re from Estados Unidos. They get it wrong in a different way. They say they re from the States. But no one ever here, if someone asked if they re from here, say they re from the States. If you re already here and you say you re from the States, they will think you re not fucking from here. I met some people a few weeks ago and I asked them where they were from and they said South Korea. I m like, No, just say Korea. ‘Cause when you say South Korea it sounds like you re North Korean pretending to be South Korean. If you re here and you re from one of the Koreas, we know it s South Korea. What s the lamest state in the country? What s the lamest state? – Utah. – No, no, no. – Delaware. – No. – Delaware. – No. – New Jersey. – All inferior states, yes, but not the lamest. The lamest? Washington state. It s the only state that has to specify that they re a state. Because if you just say Washington, you think Washington, D.C. Which is not even a state. You don t say, Where you from?  Virginia state. Yeah… No. But Washington state you say. How about this table, where are you from? – New York. – New York, that s here, sir. Sir, let me explain something. You ask someone where they re from and they say the name of the city you re currently at, it implies you don t know where the fuck you are, okay? – Where in New York do you live? – Tribeca. Tribeca. It s a very dangerous neighborhood. Look at someone the wrong way on the streets of Tribeca, they might unfollow you on Instagram. Tribeca is one of the most diverse neighborhoods in New York City. Where else can you find hedge fund CEOs living right next door to venture capitalists? Both upstairs from a CVS that s inside of a Walgreens. Which are both inside a Citibank. Where else can you find that but the melting pot that is New York City? Our slogan is Welcome to New York. We are the only city whose slogan is sarcastic. Like, What is this shit? The ATM just took an additional $60 out of my account. Holy fuck, where s my phone? Welcome to New York. Our slogan is go fuck yourself. A lot of the new kids moving here do not know that. They listen to Taylor Swift sing a song called Welcome to New York. And when she sings it, she means it. That s not right. I m trying to tell you if you re walking around the city, and you happen to see Taylor Swift, rob her. So that she can learn what her own song means. ‘Cause she doesn t fucking know. The new regime wants to bring back the policing tactic of stop-and-frisk. What do you guys think about that? I m against it. Stop-and-frisk was proven to be unconstitutional and ineffective. Studies show that 90 percent of the people who were stopped and frisked by police were black and Latino men. And 95 percent of the time they were stopped and frisked, they were innocent. There was no reason for them to be stopped and frisked, yet they were stopped and frisked. So, what does that mean? Cops are gay. Cops are gay. And they prefer black and Latino men 90 percent over all other men. And I think that is discriminatory towards other men who want to be molested and squeezed by sweaty cops. That s my stance. A friend of mine just went to a pro-police brutality rally, and the cops beat the shit out of him, they… Be very careful what protests you go to. Protesting, one of the most important things you can do, just double-check which one of these you re going to. If you re transgender you should be able to go to whatever bathroom you think you should go to. I don t know what the deal about that is. I think we all grew up in households with unsegregated bathrooms. It s not until we ventured out in the public they started segregating bathrooms. And I think even more importantly, as a nation, we need to start shitting outside again and marking our territory and taking this country back from the other animals. – Yeah. – Other animals try to infiltrate us. Look at dogs, they re wearing clothes now trying to be like us. We ve gotta stamp this out before it s too big of a problem. I think God is fake news. No, not your God. I m talking about that other God. People are freaking out about fake news like it s something new. What about the horoscope section in the newspaper? That s been fake news for at least a couple of months at this point, right? Kale is delicious. Fake news. That s fake news. It s fake news. I think O.J. Simpson… is innocent. I saw the trial, he was in court. They put a glove recovered from the murder scene, tried to put it on his hand, his hand was too big. The glove did not fit. Donald Trump has very small hands. Donald Trump framed O.J. Simpson for the murder of Nicole Brown Simpson and Ron Goldman. Trump is a career racist. At the time, O.J., one of the most popular black men in America. It s a closed case. And if you disagree with me, you re fucking racist. Well, they say love wins. I think hate has a pretty strong track record. – Do you think love wins? – No. – No. – No. No, it doesn t. Because love is not a competition. If you view love as something about winning or losing, you don t know what love is about. Sometimes I get deep. You gotta be fucking ready for it. I think Trump was an excellent candidate for hate. I think Bernie was a good candidate for love. I think Hillary was neither. So, love never even got to the finals. Well, who is ready to join the rebellion and fight for democracy? That ll do it. Yeah. That was just the energy level necessary to overthrow a dictatorship. I… I think some of that energy and a couple of new apps, and, uh, we ll be just fine. Apps make the world go around. Always remember it was the, uh, Voting Rights app of 1965 that got black Americans the voter protection they needed. And it was not until the great ice bucket challenge of 1920 that women got the right to vote. Once that went viral, things worked out perfectly for women forever without a glitch. Think we should have had a recount? – Yeah. – Yes. I don t think we should have had a recount. Because I think as a nation one of our strong points is not math. Well, it s official, Donald Trump is the 45th greatest president of the United States. I… I just can t believe that Donald Trump is now living in government housing. You know, he has fallen off so hard. He used to be at the top, now he is in the projects. He is in the White House. Fifty bucks says in six months he tries to flip it, sell it for a profit. If Trump had any balls he d do his next press conference in fluent Russian just to fuck with people. I did not vote for Donald Trump. I wrote in Eric Trump. I just think he s so cool. Eric Trump always looks like he just realized he lost his keys. He always looks like he just found out someone else is sleeping with his wife, and it s his dad. He can t do anything about it cause it s also his boss. We live in an oligarchy, but with, uh, humidity it feels like a dictatorship. I don t think the mother of all bombs did a good job raising her kids. I think Mike Pence thinks being gay is a choice because he made a choice to be straight. Mike Pence was just in Korea, near the DMZ. He made a speech and he said the era of strategic patience is over. So, I guess he s coming out of the closet any second now. I m against North Korea using nuclear weapons. Because that is cultural appropriation of the United States, and that is not okay. I think I m gonna have to be the next president. Yup, 2017, that s my year. Not waiting until 2020. 2017. I m challenging Trump tomorrow, three o clock, White House parking lot. I ll be like, Let s go, Trump. One-on-one for the presidency. Oh. You wanna wait three years? Are you scared? Let s fucking go now. I ll take him down in the first debate. I ll be like, Yeah, Trump, I ve got a question. How can you look at your two sons, Donald and Eric, and still be pro-life? How can you do that? You have two minutes to answer the question. One minute for each son. Done. He does have a big following, but I will defeat him. He s got some of the Republican vote, some of the Democrat vote, some of the antiestablishment vote, he s got the racism vote, he s got the sexism vote, and now with the support of Chris Christie and Ben Carson, he has the sleep apnea vote as well. But I will defeat him. Any questions about my presidential platform for 2017? Any issues close to your heart you would like me to address? Nothing? You lead privileged lives. There s not one issue you re concerned about? Global warming. Everybody s gotta start taking off their clothes. It s getting hot, it s time everybody starts appreciating each other s bodies. Solid question. – Yes. Over here. – Healthcare. Healthcare? We don t need it. We re Americans, we re strong. Europeans need it because they re inferior and they have no confidence. When I m president I say everyone gets healthcare. Except the insurance companies. Fuck them. We kill them off first then we can really change lives. A lot of European countries look down on America cause they have healthcare, and we don t. But at least we have air conditioning. Air conditioning is illegal in Europe. At least in America, we can get a fatal disease and have the dignity of rotting in a cooled-down apartment. Instead of being stuck all healthy and sweaty in Belgium, or as I call it, the Delaware of Europe. No one has been to Delaware. See? No one has been to Delaware. Maybe you drove through it accidentally and you were like, What the fuck is this? Then you said, Oh, it s the first state? I guess we ve made a lot of improvements since then. Let s try to forget this shit ever happened. When I m president I m gonna make Puerto Rico the 50th state. I m demoting Delaware. It s our first state, we ve yet to be impressed. Puerto Rico is getting a shot. International policies. Foreign policy step one, invade North Dakota. Send North Korea a message. Strategy, strategy. Foreign policy step two, invade Switzerland. That s what they get for being neutral all these years. When you are silent, you side with the oppressors. How will we defeat them? By using their own Swiss army knives against them. We ll poke them with that, cut them up with those little scissors. We will defeat them physically and psychologically. And it will not cost us a dime because we will use their Swiss army knives. Foreign policy step three, unblur Japanese porn. Hear me out. It s more complicated than you think. It goes back all the way to World War II where there were a lot of atrocities. One of them, we dropped two nuclear bombs on Japan killing thousands and thousands, devastating their country for decades. Thirty-five years later, Japan blurred the genitals in their porn. Victory: Japan. It s time for a truce. Let me ask you a question. Do you like Hawaii? – Never been. – Okay. Well, as president I m gonna move it to Lake Michigan. Hawaii is beautiful, it is too far away. Move it to Lake Michigan, it s a five-minute canoe ride from downtown Chicago. Easier for the entire country to visit. Do you all like California? Yeah! Do you like New York? Both cool, again too far away. I have a solution. California here, New York here. We take the bulk of the Midwest and we move it above Canada. New York and California come closer together. You can now take the E train from the Empire State Building to In-N-Out Burger in 23 minutes. By moving all of that land around, that s gonna create jobs. Yeah! Economy thing. I ll solve the homeless crisis in this country. A lot of homeless in this country. And what else do we have a lot of in this country? Cars. Right? Young man, what do cars run on? Gas. No, roads actually, sir. Roads. Cars run on roads. And what do some roads have? Tollbooths. Little houses. We make the homeless full-time, live-in tollbooth operators. They re already good at asking for change. It s a perfect fit. It s a perfect fit. I just solved the homeless crisis in America. I think the term homeless can be derogatory. At the beginning of time, everyone was homeless. So, I prefer the term old-fashioned. – Any other issues? – Abortion. Mandatory. Mandatory. I m a feminist, I m for women s rights 100 percent. You want your rights, you got them. As a nation we are overpopulated. Ladies, this is your chance to shine. I m for women s rights 100 percent. When I m president, I m not gonna have a first lady. Because I think ranking women is sexist. A lot of women in this country get paid less than men to do the same job. It s a disgrace to the nation. So, I m gonna make pay equality a reality by lowering men s wages. We will now have the equality we ve always dreamed of. Parenthood is usually better when it s planned, so, uh, we ll keep Planned Parenthood. I, uh… I actually became a father when I was 15. And at the time I realized I wasn t mature enough to raise a child of my own, so I adopted. I think I did the right thing. – Any other issues? – Same-sex marriage. You re talking about gay marriage? Okay, also mandatory. Also mandatory. If you re a guy and you wanna marry a girl, you ve gotta fuck a dude first. If you make that work, your relationship with a woman will be pretty simple someday. Plus, some gay guys like hooking up with a straight guy, and all women love putting men through tests. So, it s a win-win-win situation. Gay marriage was legalized about a year ago. There were a lot of celebrations in New York City. It s a very exciting time. It was a conflicting time for me because I love gay people, but I hate rainbows. I, uh… I think rainbows are offensive to the blind. I used to be blind. But then I went gluten-free and cleared that shit right up. – Oh, my God. – Now I have better than perfect vision. These glasses make my eyes weaker. If I took these glasses off, your vision would get blurry. You re welcome. Any other issues? – Immigration. – What? Immigration. You can stay, you can stay. Sometimes you ve gotta do the right thing. But I m deporting your friend at 8:30 tomorrow. I don t like his attitude. When it comes to immigration, let everyone in, have a big party. Unless we have proof someone s a violent criminal, we need border security. And I have a plan. To seal the borders I m going to hire the company that makes DVD wrappers. If it takes an hour and a half to open up a DVD package, imagine what they can do with the borders. And if a criminal does sneak through, he gets a free DVD. He gets a free DVD, takes him an hour to open it, and you fucking nail him there. Immigration is a very tricky subject. Just last year, 10,000 children came up through Central American countries, through Mexico, across the U.S. border, and then got busted in Texas. Our government was trying to decide: What do we do with these 10,000 desperate children? I think we should have let them stick to their plan, which was get to Canada. I think it s presumptuous of us to think we were their final destination. We have no healthcare, we re overcrowded. Canada has free healthcare and could use a few fucking people. Woo! I m also gonna build a wall through the middle of Mexico. That way they ll get confused and sneak into Mexico. Strategy. Strategy. Any other issues? We re getting a lot done. Any other issues? – Legalized pot. – No. What are you, afraid to break the law? You re sitting at home all day going, I wanna smoke pot, but I don t wanna get caught and get in trouble ? Toughen the fuck up, break the law. Be a rebel, break the law. Now, I m a drug war reenactor, and, uh… If you get busted for doing drugs, tell the cops you re a drug war reenactor, they get confused, it sounds pro-military, sometimes they let you off. I don t do drugs. I m a role model to children. But I believe doing drugs is a personal choice, not the government s business. So, yeah, when I m president I m gonna legalize drugs. But I m not gonna start with marijuana. I m gonna start with heroin. If we legalize heroin first, it will be very easy to legalize marijuana after that. Strategy, strategy. You ve gotta know how to work Congress. Fuck it, I ll start by legalizing crystal meth. I ll sidestep Congress. I ll take it to the people. I ll mail everyone in the country an envelope. You mail back teeth, that s a yes. Power to the people. Climate change. I am for climate change. I don t want the same weather every day. That s fascism. Who thinks climate change is real? Who thinks it s man-made? – Yeah. – Yeah. That s where you re wrong. Think about it. Temperatures are going up, glaciers are melting, sea levels are rising. Why? Fish are trying to take over the planet. Earth has always been 71 percent water. Now fish want the whole fucking thing. Eat as much sushi as you can. Japan has been leading the way on this for years, it s time for the rest of the world to step it the fuck up. I teach science part-time online at ChristianMingle.com. You guys should definitely take one of my courses. So, you think climate change is real? You think it s bad? You d like to curb it? – And where is home for you? – Uh, Baltimore. – Baltimore? Okay. – Yeah! And do you live in a…? Do you live in a house or an apartment? I live in… Well, I live in New Jersey now, but I m from Baltimore. Okay, first of all, you re a liar. You re a liar. In New Jersey, do you live in a house or an apartment? – Apartment. – In an apartment. – And is it a new or old building? – From the 80s, so it depends on… – Uh, what floor are you on? – Third. – You have an air conditioner? – Yeah, thank God. Then you are for climate change. Air conditioning literally is climate change. Unless you have your air conditioner on, build a fire in your living room, and let them battle it out, then you are fighting climate change. Otherwise, you re part of the fucking problem. We ve gotta save water, people. We ve gotta save water. That s why I don t shower. I just smear hand sanitizer all over my body. I m sticky, but I m clean. And I m saving the planet. Any other questions about my presidency? – Any other issues? – Russia. Russia. We show them Rocky IV. Russia has never seen the entire film Rocky IV. Rocky IV was released in Russia, but it was a heavily edited version. They cut it down to 17 minutes. It ended when Apollo Creed died in the ring and they freeze-framed on Rocky s crying face. So, they showed it 80 times a day in the theaters. The highest grossing film ever in Russia. They never saw the ending, so we have to show them the real movie and that will clear it up. The point is I think we should build a wall. Around Donald Trump. – Yeah! – I, uh… Put, uh… Put mirrors on the inside, that way he s happy, and… I think when Mexico hears about this they ll be like, You know what? We d like to pay for this. We think this is a bueno investment. – Coal. – The economy. We don t need to bring back coal, but I ll bring back the VCR repairman jobs. This country was built on VHS tapes. VHS repair jobs used to be the biggest industry in the nation. It was the heart of our economy, and now it s gone to shit. VHS is the premier way to watch a movie at home. Sure, those critics out there will tell you that Blu-ray has a sharper image, but VHS is sharper emotionally. And… When I m president I m gonna make college free. You gotta pay for high school. You gotta pay for high school. You re gonna pay for it one way or the other. Might as well be cash. And I m going to raise the minimum wage to 15 bucks an hour. And I m going to lower the maximum wage to 14.50. Put those CEOs in their place. Who here recycles? I m gonna ban recycling. Because I think segregating garbage is racist. Brown v. Board of Education, 1954, separate is not equal. All the trash gets put in this disgusting dirty bag while the recyclables get a cute little shower and then put in this privileged sky blue clear bag. It s not right. And I m gonna ban brunch. Because I am against corporate mergers. Breakfast and lunch coming together. It s too much power. I m gonna break it up. And I m gonna ban the Winter Olympics. It s wrong that whatever country wins the most medals at the Winter Olympics gets to invade Ukraine. I don t know why that is part of the official Olympic platform, but I m against it. And I m gonna add three moons. This is America, we shouldn t have to share our moon with any other country. If we add three, we ve got a total of four, now werewolves can go out and party once a week. They re restricted to once a month. That s why they get violent. They ve been in solitary for 30 days straight. Mermaids have been protecting our ocean borders for over 200 years and still do not have the right to vote. It s wrong. The key to surviving the zombie apocalypse is… dentistry. Before they turn into zombies, the dentists extract their teeth, and then they gnaw on you with their gums and just give you a nice massage. Just relax the whole planet. Zombies plus dentistry equals world peace. – Has anyone here ever seen a UFO? – Yeah. Really? I have never seen a UFO. Because I ve always been able to correctly identify the alien spacecraft that I have come across. You see, that s the difference between you and me. Do you think dinosaurs went extinct? I do not. I think dinosaurs are bone creatures who live underground. And archaeologists dig them up, ripping them out of their homes and murdering them. And then they sell their body parts to museums where they are put on display to scare children. It s a big problem. Other questions about my presidential platform? Gun control. I think if Jesus had been American, and had a gun, he d still be alive today. They try to nail him to the cross, he d be like, Not so fast, you pieces of shit. Jesus, America, victory. In a perfect world people would be good enough at karate so they wouldn t need a gun, but I realize not everyone can be a karate hero like myself. Now, it s not my style, but if you have a gun and you go hunting and eat what you hunted, that should be okay. But if you have a gun and kill a person, right to jail. Unless you eat the person, then I think it should be okay. Let s get a friendly poll here, nobody s opinions are wrong, nobody boo, let s get a friendly poll. Who here, by round of applause, wants less guns? Okay. Who wants more guns? Okay, you re both wrong. Karate is the answer to gun control. Fists don t run out of knuckles, feet don t have to reload, elbows don t get jammed. I live in New York City. A guy tried to mug me last year and he had a gun, but I had a bucket of diarrhea. I dumped it over his head, he shot himself. That s karate strategy. New York City has a program to get illegal guns off the street. Guns for cash. Where if you have an illegal gun, you can turn it in, the government won t ask any questions, they give you $200, that illegal gun is off the street. When I m president, I m doing the exact same thing nationwide, except with Ashton Kutcher movies. If you own a movie starring Ashton Kutcher, you can turn it in, no questions asked… and we will give you $500,000… and a gun. Just trying to make America better. How do you feel about parents who don t vaccinate their kids? I don t think anti-vaxers are anti-science. I think they are just pro-diseases rights. And it s about time somebody stands up for bacteria. Fracking, where do you stand? For or against it? I m for it. I think they re just trying to kill the devil. If they drill deep enough one day they ll hit the devil right in the skull. I guess you guys are pro-devil. – Are you all religious? Yes? No? – No. It s okay. How religious are you? If you see a big building, do you call it a skyscraper or heaven tickler, what do you say? I m just trying to gauge. The Bible says love thy neighbor as thyself. What if you hate yourself? That s caused some problems over the years. I used to think I was Jewish. I used to think I was Jewish. And then some Jewish people told me I wasn t Jewish. According to a lot of Jewish people, unless your mom s Jewish, you re not Jewish. No fucking exceptions. My name s very Jewish. My dad s Jewish, but my mom s Catholic. A lot of Jewish people, when they meet me think I m Jewish by their definition, and when they find out my mom s Catholic they think I tried to trick them into thinking I was Jewish and I m some kind of evil fake Jew. According to Hitler, if one grandparent was Jewish, he considered you Jewish and had you sent for extermination. So, in a way, Hitler was actually more inclusive of the Jews than many Jews today. Racism, where do you stand? For it or against it? A lot of undecided. Racism, big problem, but we re still number one at it. Racism is everywhere you look, it s part of the country s founding structure, it s still there and it s never gonna get better unless people at least start talking about it. It s everywhere you look. Hollywood s racist. Anyone know what the first Hollywood blockbuster ever made was? – Birth of a Nation. – Birth of a Nation, 1915, based on a book called The Clansman. And in the movie, the KKK are the good guys. Hollywood should be like, Yeah, we fucked up on that one, sorry. Start a dialogue. Then there s a chance things can get better. A lot of black people in the movie are white people in blackface. Hollywood should be like, Yeah, we fucked up there. Sorry. Hollywood will take a white show and make it whiter. Anyone remember the show Everybody Loves Raymond? The lead actor, Italian-American, dark brown hair. His wife on the show, dark brown hair. Their three little kids on the show? All blond. That s Hollywood taking a white show and making it whiter. If they re whitewashing a white show, imagine what they re doing to any other show if that show gets a chance. But that s what Hollywood s about. It s about thin, blond and white. So, how do we solve this problem? We invade Sweden. We invade Sweden, the blondest, whitest country in the world, and everyone will be like, Why did America bomb Sweden? And we re like, Because Hollywood s racist. That s the American way. When we have a problem, we invade the wrong country and everything is perfect. Hollywood has made some progress, though. Uh… The TV show How to Get Away with Murder changed its name to Become a Cop. I was like, That s a pretty bold move coming from a corporate network like that. What s your favorite Asian film Hollywood made? Mine s The Last Samurai, starring Tom Cruise. Good job, Hollywood. Good job there, too. Racism is everywhere you look. I think astronauts are racists. Yeah, I said it, buddy. I think astronauts are racists. – What year did we land on the moon? – 69. 1969, right at the tail end of the civil rights era. Right when black Americans had been marching and protesting and getting some legislation passed so they could get a bit of human rights. And a bunch of white guys got on a rocket and left the planet. To start an all-white race on the moon. I m not even gonna guess what the N in NASA stands for. I m not gonna do it. I m not gonna do it. And they didn t bring any women because they were sexist. They were afraid of being defeated by a woman in a no-gravity zone. So, they made their new home the moon, or as they called it, White Junior. I think the New York City Marathon is racist. Ten thousand white people chasing five Africans. The most racist sporting display I have ever seen. I m like, Stop chasing them, they ve done nothing wrong. And you re not gonna catch them… you fucking slow racists. And if you didn t laugh at that, you might be a fucking slow racist. I wanna talk terminology for a second. A question for black people in the audience, just to make everyone uncomfortable, the term black, is it preferred? Or African-American? – Hello? Hello? – Oh, my God. – Anyone wanna answer the question or…? – Black is fine. You like black? Okay. What about this? You hear this on the news. Sometimes the news will refer to a black person as a person of color. You don t like that? Okay. If the news refers to a black person as a person of color, they should start referring to white people as a person without color. Sad. Just fearing the sun every day, praying for the night. White people are so oppressed, living on a planet that circles the very thing they fear every day. Since the beginning of time. All right, let s lighten up the mood a little bit. Uh… Reparations. Reparations. Should black Americans receive reparations? One person says yes, the rest of you, fucking racist. Fucking racist, remember their faces. I think black Americans should receive reparations. How do you think it should be given out? No ideas? Nothing? – Economic allowances. – Trump Tower! Economic allowances. Okay. I was thinking white slavery. White slavery. If you re black American, you can own Donald Trump. Please! Or his creepy kid Eric, he could be a house slave. Donald, way out in the field. Far, far, far from the home. – Whoa, what did you drop? – A candle. A candle? Okay. Sorry, can t relate. I ve, uh… I ve never dropped anything before. I have perfect grip, so just… I d like to relate to what you re going through, but I can t. I hope you can power through. – ISIS. – Are you afraid of ISIS? – You tell me. – Yeah, I think you are. I think that s the reason you asked the question. Have you ever had a close call with ISIS? You ever get home late at night… honey s like, How was your day? You re like, Pretty good, almost got fucked up by ISIS. Fortunately it worked out. Nothing to worry about. That s the news trying to scare you. The news is talking about something from another country, and it s coming here, so you better be scared. They do the same thing with diseases. Like the Zika virus. It s a disease from another country and it s coming, so be scared. Nothing to worry about. Look at me. I ve had Ebola for six weeks. I m fucking perfect. A few years ago it was the swine flu. When that happened, I gave a pig the human flu. Fight back. Fight back. This country needs to toughen the fuck up. – Any other issues? – Citizens United. I think we should… Citizens should unite against Citizens United. I think… You just earned yourself a cabinet position, well done. I think eventually everyone gets the death penalty. It should really be called the murder penalty. If you were on death row, what would you request for your last meal? Taco Bell. Okay. I d request the finger of the guy flipping the electric switch. Buy myself a few extra minutes. For a beverage I d request the blood from the warden s body. And then my dessert would be freedom. You see? Strategy, strategy. You gotta look at the big picture, not just the short satisfaction. Europeans and Canadians live longer than Americans. Americans die sooner than Europeans and Canadians. – And why is that? – Healthcare. No, it s because we re efficient. We get shit done faster. You Europeans and Canadians are slow, you re lazy, you don t know what the fuck you re doing, and you re greedy. You re taking all this time to get shit done, you never accomplish anything. We get shit done and let it go, we let the next generation take over. We re progressive that way, we share, you know. Uh, you guys are clock hoggers. You know, just… Sexual education? I don t think it should be part of school. I, uh… It should be something you learn on your own. It might not work out well, but you ll remember it better. Comprehension, very important, everybody. Very important. It s not what you learn, it s how well you learn it. How do you approach income inequality? How much you need? How much you need? National drinking age. How old are you? – How old are you? – Old enough. – How old are you? – Twenty-eight. I m raising it to 29. What about North Korea? Okay, this guy s a spy. This guy s a spy. Nobody talk to this guy after the show. Don t give him a hug, he ll plant something on you. He ll plant a tracker or something. Second row, what s your name? What do you do? – Yeah. – I work in social media. Social media. What is that? I help… I help brands be good at social media. You help brands be good at social media. So, what s an example of a brand being good at social media? I don t understand. – It s complicated. – It s complicated? So, what are some of these brands? Bud Light is one. – Bud Light? – Yeah. Does anyone follow Bud Light on Twitter? Because, you know, there s lots of stuff happening in the world these days… and when I see some breaking news, I wanna be like, What does Bud Light think about this? What would your presidential slogan be? Worst question of the night, sir. No slogan. It s a movement, buddy. It s beyond that. I expected better from you, dude. – Your running mate. – What? – Your running mate? – I won t have a running mate. First, I m not running for president. I m standing for president. Running means you re scared. And I will not have a VP because I view having an assistant as a sign of weakness. Heroes stand alone and get shit done. If I had a vice president, the first thing I d do in office, I d karate kick him in the face. Let him know who runs this fucking country. – Any other issues? – Term limits. I think we should have term limits for citizens. Everyone gets four years, and if you do a good job and your neighbors don t think you re an asshole you can stay for another four. Maybe people would be a little nicer to each other that way. We have a lot of weird holidays in America. Christopher Columbus Day, that s a weird one. It s about the guy, Christopher Columbus, who discovered America. Germany, do you have a holiday about the person who discovered Germany? No? Then I guess it s not a country worth celebrating. It s a weird holiday, Christopher Columbus Day. He s the guy, Christopher Columbus, who discovered America. Even though there was millions of people living here for thousands of years. He called them Indians. He thought he landed in India, but he landed in America. But he just kept calling them Indians. They pretty much slaughtered all Indians, and we have a holiday celebrating that guy. That s kind of weird. How should we celebrate Christopher Columbus Day? Here s a thought. You know when you re in a big building on a high floor and go down to the lobby, but the elevator s crowded and someone else has pressed floor three, but you weren t paying attention, so when the elevator stops on floor three you get off because you think it s the lobby, and instead of realizing that and turning back around into the crowded elevator and admitting you re a moron, you re like, Hey, sorry, I m a fucking idiot. I wasn t paying attention. I thought it was the lobby. No, you don t admit it, you just stay on floor three and you pretend it s the lobby. And then you murder everyone on floor three. That s how we should celebrate Christopher Columbus Day. Just a thought, just a thought. Thanksgiving, that s an American holiday. Canada, you celebrate Thanksgiving. On the wrong day, but you celebrate it. And, Canada, what are you thankful for? That you border America. That s it, that s all you got. Germany, you don t celebrate Thanksgiving. It s because you got nothing to be thankful for. Always try to remember that. We celebrate it because we re such a narcissistic country we need a holiday to force us to say thank you once a year. Because normally we do not say thank you. We say you re welcome a lot. Often after a country did not say thank you. They usually said, Ouch. Cut it out, stop. And we re like, You re welcome. Why do we have turkey on Thanksgiving? Does anyone know? Why do we have turkey on Thanksgiving? Are you completely uneducated? Nobody knows? It s okay if you don t. The government doesn t want you to know the truth. The real reason we have turkey on Thanksgiving is because just 80 years ago this entire country was enslaved by turkeys. And it was not till we invented the baster we were able to rise up and conquer the evil turkey. That s why today on Thanksgiving not only do we kill and eat a turkey, we stuff shit up its ass to humiliate the turkey and send the message that it never happens again. I teach American history part-time online at Axe Body Spray University. You guys should definitely take one of my courses. What s Christmas about? – Presents. – Presents? No. Jesus. Wrong again. – America. – Nope, it s about killing trees. Because just 90 years ago, this entire country was ruled by trees. And it was not until we invented the ax that we conquered the tree. That s why on Christmas, not only do we kill a tree, we put it up in our living room by the window so other trees can see it, and let them know we re not fucking around. Sometimes we put up a fake tree to let them know they can be replaced at any time. And then we give each other presents to show our human superiority, and presents are wrapped in paper, which is made out of trees. Know your fucking history, people. Can you believe that we re the only country that celebrates the Fourth of July? America s birthday, most important holiday on the planet, and we re the only ones celebrating it. It s fucked up. A lot of countries hate America. Why do some countries hate America? Let s hear it, foreigners. We re all friends. Why do some countries hate America? They re trying to police the world. We try to police the world. Because we bomb countries that never attack us. That s what the government refers to as a nonissue. Way off, buddy. The real reason other countries hate America is because America has the greatest cheese in the world. American cheese is the greatest cheese on Earth. That s why each slice comes in its own protective wrapping. To preserve and protect the subtle nuances and amazing super glory of justice that is American cheese. Other countries don t have the technology to replicate it, so they re jealous and they hate us. In France, you get a wedge of Brie, it s unwrapped, broken cracker bits, bloody fingernails. It s fucking disgusting. I teach international politics part-time online at Kambridge, with a K. You guys should definitely take one of my courses. Do you like the zoo? – No. – Yeah. – Why not? – Because they re slaves. It s true, they re segregated. In theory the zoo is nice, but you go, it s segregated. You have gazelles fenced in here… lemurs caged in over here. That s why one day I ll open up my own zoo. One room, every animal out for themselves. With a naked guy in the middle trying to get out alive. That s a zoo. I ll have some gorillas playing tug-of-war with an anaconda, 100 chickens attacking a giraffe. That s a zoo. That s right, I m having chickens in my zoo. They re the underclass of the animal world. I m also gonna have pigeons, or as you might call them, homeless birds. What animal don t you see at the zoo? The cow. But what do you see at the zoo? A snack bar, where you get a cheeseburger. So, cows are at the zoo, just in a different presentation. We have a lot of problems in this country, but we gotta appreciate the progress that we have made in certain areas. Twins, for example, today have full rights. Forty years ago, twins had no rights in this country. Forty years ago, you could kill a twin, it wouldn t matter. On trial for murder, judge would be like, You killed a man. You go, Yeah, Your Honor, but there s a fucking other one right there. And he d be like, Oh, my bad. Then they d just let you off. But today, twins are safe. It s still legal to kill a triplet in this country, but twins are safe. – What are you doing later tonight, buddy? – Tonight? Catch up with some mates, smoke some weed. Pretty nice. I ll tell you what I m gonna do. I got a copy of Planet of the Apes, and tonight I m gonna break into the zoo and screen it for the apes. Start a revolution. Humans made a film about the apes but never showed it to the apes. That s not right. Tonight, that s gonna change. Do you wanna go? Sorry, apes only. This is their time. I m actually going on vacation tomorrow. I m excited, going away for three weeks. – It s gonna be great. – Where you going? Coney Island. Coney Island. For three weeks, gonna away from it all. Just relax, get some culture. Who knows? Maybe hook up with some island girls. See how it goes. You gotta see the world, people. Well, I expect all of your votes tomorrow. Yep. You guys have done a great job tonight. Sir, you started out as the worst audience member… and you worked your way up to the bottom 20 percent. I always knew you had that kind of potential. Sir, I did not talk to you… because I don t like you. I think you have a serious attitude problem. As a matter of fact, nobody make eye contact with him after the show. Well… I recommend that you guys, uh, stick around after the show and watch the credits. I heard they re really cool. Other questions before I go? Any other questions? Any other issues? – Trade. – Trade? I m gonna trade you for another audience member. Any other issues before I go? – Marijuana. – Immigration. Marijuana, immigration, good combination question. Only immigrants get to smoke pot. Yeah! Any other issues? The environment. You for it or against it? I don t understand the question. As president I will keep the environment. I will not deport the environment or put a roof up over the country or a sky wall as some people are asking for. I think climate change won the Cold War. When I m president I m gonna move the border every day. Keep this country on its toes. I might have it go through Cincinnati one morning. They ll be like, What is going on? I ll be like, Should ve checked the border app on your phone. Any other questions? Other questions? – Prison system. – What about the prison system? We have one of the most diverse prison systems in the world. Outsourcing in automation. Are you a robot or a human? Describe your perfect day. Anything where that doesn t happen.

PATTON OSWALT@ANNIHILATION@2017@Ladies and gentlemen, Patton Oswalt. Thank you. Okay, guys, please. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, guys. Oh, thank you! Thank you. Thank you all. Please! Oh, dear God in heaven! Thank you for that. Wow! Um… Thank you guys for coming out and being so enthusiastic and… happy about, like… um… I m genuinely… I m genuinely surprised that you re in such a good mood, especially with what… I m sure you guys saw what just went down on Twitter five minutes ago. Did you… You didn t see? The… No? I m kidding. Nothing happened. But that s the world we re living in right now basically is every… Oh, fuck, what did he do? What? Wait. What do you mean? I almost feel like I could get out of a mugging using that for the next couple of years. Like if someone put a gun in my face, Give me your wallet.  You know what, take my keys, man. It s over. Go check Twitter.  What? I just bolt. Like I could… make it… to survive. Because that was… My routine in the morning is, uh, the alarm goes off on my phone, I get up. Have I had any calls, any texts? Okay. I check e-mail, then I check Twitter. And now my feet are on the ground and I can start my day. And now the routine s the same, except the alarm goes off. Okay, any calls, any texts? All right. Check e-mail. But I check Twitter like this now, Oh, shit! Oh, what did he do? What did he do? And no matter what is trending, I immediately link it to Trump and it s bad, like, in my head. Like if puppies are trending, I m like, He killed all the puppies. There s no puppies. They re all dead. He killed every puppy. Somehow he managed to kill every…  How hard did your rectum cinch up when… Remember a couple months ago when Korean peninsula started trending? And you re like, The fuck is that? By the way, when I saw that, I didn t even go directly to nuclear war in my head. In my head, I m like, Oh, God, he went on TV and went…  And I was like, Oh, God. Oh! Like, he was… trying to describe an episode of MASH he had just watched. And then like… now missiles are flying, or something. I don t know, but… Fuck. Look at this shit. Look at this! Look at th… I started off this year… I was focused. I was gonna get fit. I was gonna work out every day. I was gonna cut down on sugars. And for the first 19 days of this year… I was on it. I was committed. And then January 20 rolled around, that inauguration came, Fuck it. No, I don t give a shit.  Ice cream for breakfast, that s…  I wonder how many Alcoholics Anonymous chips went sailing across ponds when that… when… When, like… When Trump hand hit the Bible, there was just, all over the country, See you in four years. Whoosh! Eight! Nice. All right. I think that s one of the reasons people don t like Trump so much, is that he really has shoved our faces, very hard, into how not evolved and progressive we are as a country, as we like to tell ourselves. I think there was maybe a little bit too much back-patting after we elected Obama twice. There was a little bit too much, You re welcome, Earth. Yeah, that s right, we, uh, we re pretty amazing. It s America 2008. We re, uh, on the vanguard. That s right. Yeah, you re welcome. Pretty good. Pretty amazing. And then after eight years of Obama, it was time to elect either a very qualified woman or a racist scrotum dipped in Cheeto dust. And… the country said, Ah, see what the scrotum has to say. I don t know. Maybe he s… something kind of new. We couldn t go from black guy to woman. It was just too much of a jump. Going from Obama to Hillary for us, I think what it is is imagine going skydiving for the first time and your feet hit the ground, your heart is thumping, all that adrenaline. And someone just runs up and says, Hey, let s go bungee jumping right now. You re like, I need to just sit on the couch for, like, a week and eat Triscuits and watch X-Files reruns. I can t just go right to fucking bungee jumping. That s what… Trump is our sitting on the couch, watching X-Files after. Because clearly a big part of the country while Obama was president was internally going, Black guy! So, they needed this racist palate cleanser, if you will. This cup of white supremacist sorbet. And by the way, we will have a woman president, probably sooner than later. But keep… Guys. Guys. Guys! Easy. No! We will have a woman president. But just keep in mind that after she serves her term, the choices will very probably be a very qualified gay guy and then a KKK dude with the ass cut out of his jeans and… The country s gonna go, Let s see what the KKK guy… I don t know. Maybe he has… some ideas. I d love to hear them. I mean, his ass is hanging out. That s fresh. I never… saw that before, right? I empathize with Trump. I don t sympathize with him, but I get it. I understand his origin story. I know why he s got this job. You know it too. He went to the Correspondents Dinner. Obama made fun of him, and he sat there and said, No. I m taking your job. Fuck that. You don t make fun of me. And then he spent $40 million and broke his ass for a year. Now he s got the job and the job sucks. He… He did it out of spite. I ve done so many dumbass things out of spite just to piss someone else off. I m like, I don t fucking wanna do this shit. So I get it. And especially because his life before the presidency was amazing. It was amazing. It was jets and golf and hookers. It was just nonstop fun. And now he s got to sit and talk to the trade minister of Luxembourg. I get it. Trump becoming president because Obama made fun of him, that would be like, imagine if… the head of linguistics at Rutgers made fun of David Lee Roth. And then… David Lee Roth is like, I m gonna take your job. Zibbity, bobbity, boop. And then he, like, spends a year and all this money… gets the job, goes cartwheeling into the linguistics department. Yeah, head of linguistics, everybody. Diamond Dave! Bring out the coke and the hookers. Then the guy s like, Oh, no, we re gonna be talking about the lack of recursion in 16th-century Germanic poetry. Dave s like, I…  No? Nothing? That s not how… Okay, that s fine. That s great. And that s it for the Trump material. That s all… because look, I could… And by the way, people that tell me, You comedians must be so happy. Trump is president. It s just all this free material. You know what, yes, there s a lot of material, but there s too fucking much. It s exhausting. Being a comedian while Trump is president is like, imagine there s an insane man on the sidewalk just shitting on the sidewalk and yelling about Hitler and… So you re looking at him and immediately think of the funniest joke about shitting on the sidewalk and yelling. You turn to tell it to a bunch of people and then behind you, he s taken the shit and made a sombrero out of it. So, you turn and you tell your amazing shitting-on-the-sidewalk joke, and everyone goes, Oh, no, that was… Dude, turn around. He made a sombrero out of it. Do a sombrero joke. Oh, fuck! I can make fun of shit he did the last couple of days. By the time this thing airs, you guys are gonna be going, Wait. What? What was that again? ‘Cause he took his dick out when they lit the Christmas tree. I don t know why you re talking about… Oh, yeah, the Paris thing. Well, I totally forgot about that. Yeah. Fucking Donald Trump is sour cream in the sauna. There s no, like… Shit! Oh, fuck, I gotta…  Thankfully, Trump put some light on a huge issue that s facing this country though. Huge issue that we ve got to… we ve got to do something about. You know what I m talking about, of course… white genocide. That s right. Oh, yeah. It s real, folks. Look. White people, we used to be in charge of, like, 99.9 percent of shit. And in the recent years, that number has plummeted to 96.4 percent. We are on the way out. And thank God, Trump gave voice to these embattled white people. How ballsy do you have to be as a white person to use the term white genocide ? That… Especially if you re talking to, like, someone who s Jewish or Native American or African American. And you re like, Oh, hey, I totally get it now, dude. I get it. Yeah. No, like I used to watch Schindler s List, and that s a great movie, but I could never completely relate to it. Like, I m only… But then The Force Awakens came out. And there was a black storm trooper, I m like, ‘Holy shit. I totally understand Auschwitz now. I get it. I totally get it. Yeah, man, when that guy… When he took his helmet off and it was a black guy, I m like, That was our Trail of Tears, right there. When that helmet came off. My God, dude, I m fucking with you, man.  Gotta keep the races pure! Oh, I hope they don t use that out of context in the promo. That would be really weird. Putting that one… Patton Oswalt s got a new Netflix special. Gotta keep the races pure. Tune in this… September. You re gonna wanna binge this one. It s a terrible segue. People are still obsessed with pure races. Which, by the way, there were pure races for ten minutes when the earth cooled, that s when we had pure races. And then everyone just started fucking each other, and now we are what we are now. And by the way, have you ever met someone who s really Caucasian? Or mega Asian? Or super African? It s creepy. Pure races are like, Oh, God, one of you guys fuck a Mexican, because this is way too much. The black, white and yellow, I just think penguin. Get some earth tones in there. Something! Aah! There s even a thing you can do. I ve done this. It s called, um, 23andMe. 23andMe is this company, and what you do is you spit in a cup, and then you mail the cup to some nerds, and then they look at it under… they spin it and look at it under the microscope. And then they send you back a map of the world with all of your DNA markers on it, show you where all your DNA came from. So, I did it. Send in my cup, get back my map. I unfold it. I m looking at it, and I got all the pasty countries covered. I had every one… There s Ireland and Sweden and England. I got it. Then I had a huge spike in Mongolia. How many years was my dad in Vietnam? Hmm? They have an 800 number. Call them and they ll go over your map with you. I called them up and said, I got my map. And yeah, there s all the pasty countries. And, uh, hey, what s with Mongolia? What s the deal with my Mongolian DNA? And the guy on the phone didn t even pause, he immediately said, Yeah, that s Genghis Khan. Sorry. What? He goes, You re related to Genghis Khan. Most people are related to Genghis Khan. I go, You serious? He goes, Dude, Genghis Khan fucked everything.  There are trees that are related to Genghis Khan. That s all he did was fuck. And that must have been some amazing cum in Genghis Khan s balls, because not only was he in tight, leather-skin pants that do not breathe, like sperm-killing heat, then put him on a saddle for ten hours a day. The saddle just crushing his nuts. Bam, boom, bam, bam! Then he would take over a village and get off the horse, Hey, everyone, look, really quick. I m Genghis Khan. Before we go further, it ll take 10 minutes, I m gonna fuck everybody. That s what I do. I fuck everybody. I m really good. His cum s like, Why are we still talking? Let s make babies. Let s do it. If I send a text near my nutsack, my bloodline is done. I have the weakest… I don t know why you added that Emoji, Patton. We can t. There s no way. You cannot pass along your information, my friend. I m a terrible candidate for defending the white race, so please don t recruit me, Nazis. I m a terrible fighter. I ve been… I realize I ve been in fights, but only as a featured extra. Like I ve never actually participated. It was less of a conversation and more of a lecture, if you know what I mean. Just no reach, no punch. Even when I watch, like, when a fight is going on, I get tensed up. I m the guy… I m never the guy going in going, Hey, stop this. What are you guys, nuts? I m the guy at the edge of the crowd… No fighting skill. I ve seen one genuinely great fight in my life that actually inspired me and encouraged me and gave me hope for us as a species. Um, this was way back in 2000. I was… It was Christmastime, and I was drinking at a bar above the Roxy on Sunset Boulevard. There s a bar above it, it s called On the Rox. Get it? ‘Cause it s on top… So, um… There s all these office parties up there. Everyone s getting plastered. And then below us in the Roxy, there s a rock show going on. And everyone s doing drugs and drinking. And then next door is the Rainbow Bar and Grill, a big heavy metal, headbanger bar, and they re all getting wasted. And then 2:00 a.m. rolls around, Everyone out in the parking lot. Get your cars. Bar s closed. So all three venues let out at the same time. Drunk office workers, drunk metal heads, drunk concert goers, all in a big drunken blob at 2:00 a.m. on Sunset Strip. So there s a group of people, all in suits, clearly an office party. They re waiting at valet to get their car, and one of the members of their group was this black guy who was 5 3", and I can t stress this enough, really wide. Just this round, roly-poly butterball, with a big, chubby, round face and his little fat chubby hands. He s got a big cigar in his hand. He s talking with his friends about stuff. And there they are chatting. Then out of the Rainbow Bar and Grill come these two big dudes. Good-looking dudes. Muscular dudes. Wearing suits, got the collar open, showing off the chest. One of the guy s got a cowboy hat on and cowboy boots. The other guy s Middle Eastern, got a gold chain. They look good. They had clearly gone out to get some pussy that night and no pussy had been got. And you could see the vibe coming off of them, which was, We are gonna start a fight. I wanted… My skin s gonna hit skin at one velocity or another tonight. I tried to go slow and easy. So they re coming out and they walk by this group of office workers. And the cowboy guy kind of deliberately bumps the black dude. He keeps walking, but he turns around and goes, Hey, watch it, to the guy. Black guys says… Well, you watch it. I m not moving. You re moving. I don t have to watch it. The… The cowboy guy says, What? Now, had I been the black guy, my response would have been, Oh, my God, I m so completely in the wrong right now. Please let me apologize to you. I will watch it. You win. Don t kill me. But the black guy s response was, I said… I don t have to watch it cause I m not walking. You re walking. You watch it. The… The cowboy guy says, That s it motherfucker. Fucking boots are coming off. And he kicks his boots off. I know. Now this doesn t happen enough in real life, but you ever… I love it when a whole group of strangers are hanging out, even people that wouldn t normally be friends, and then a way bigger douche bag shows up. And just for a second, everyone s friends, just reacting to the douche bag. Because suddenly total strangers are like, Did he say he s taking his boots off? You heard that? Okay. Whatever. If there had been a Nation of Islam guy and a skinhead, they both would have gone, Did he just say he s taking off his boots? He said that, right? Okay. I thought I was going crazy. So… Now… the fucking cowboy guy is now barefoot on the pavement… snaking in on this dude, the short 5 3", wide, chubby black guy. He looked good doing it. I think this guy fucking knows kung fu. And he s fucking moving in. He s gonna fuck… The black guy is not reacting. He s just standing there with his cigar, watching the guy move in. The cowboy guy gets right up on him, gets his hands on the black guy s lapel. And then the black guy… He didn t put his cigar down to do this, which haunts me till this day. Cowboy s got his hands around his lapel, and the black guy just… picked him up. And when I say picked him up, I don t mean he went like… I mean, vroom, off his feet. It took that much effort. The guy… He was holding the guy over his head, and then he immediately dropped him. Now, the… The cowboy guy s evening in his mind did not include being lifted up over someone s head, so he only fell five feet, but he absolutely did not break his fall in any way. Everything hit, like, nose, chin, knees… just blam on the asphalt. And then blood. And he was clearly so much pain that his brain was like, We re not gonna process this. Why don t you just stand up. And so he immediately gets up, he s like… He s still trying to motherfuck the guy, Fuck you. Come on, man! But he s just barely standing, he s in so much… And to his credit, his friend, the Middle Eastern guy, was, Ah, we re good. Thank you. And grabbed the guys boots. Let s get you in a cab, buddy. His friend was immediately sober. We ll get you a cab and go right home. Pushes his friend in a cab and they ride off. And now I cannot take my eyes off this black guy. By the way, when they left, the black guy just turned to his friends, So, are we bringing in muffins on Monday for the Christmas party or what are we…  Like never even again mentioned what had just happened. So, I can t take… I m like, What the fuck did I see? What is this? It took me a while looking at the guy, and I realize, Oh, he s a powerlifter. ‘Cause real powerlifters, the serious ones, their bodies, they look like these little chubby guys. It s like their torso turns into a bicep. It s just one lifting… It s like a bicep with a dick and legs. And that s his… that s his one move, just lift and drop. Like if… Like, What was your favorite fight you ve ever seen, Patton?  It was like a Street Fighter video game. It was, like, lift and fatality. Like that was the whole…  Oh, okay. Speaking of thinking I m going crazy… and I ve said this a few times… and audience members are going, Yeah, that s happened too. So it s not just happening to me, but… Okay, before I say this, you all have gotten robocalls, where you pick up the phone, How would you like an exciting time-share? Oh, fuck it, and you just hang up. It was a goddamn robocall. But I ve gotten a couple of calls recently where I pick up the phone and it s a woman s voice, and she ll go, Hey, how you doing? I m like, I m good. Then she goes, So I wonder… Hang on, something s wrong with my headset. And she ll adjust her headset. Okay, so it s not just me. And then I ll go, Oh, that s okay. And then she ll start talking and it s just a recorded pitch for a… The whole thing is a recording, including the, Something s wrong with my headset. And three different times I ve gone, That s okay. And then they go into their stupid pitch. And then when I hang up, I m like, You motherfucker. Like I m so angry, I m gonna burn your building down if I figure out…  ‘Cause they just tricked me and I m so angry. Also it makes me… First I m angry cause they tricked me. Second, I m angry because what that means is some robocall company had a meeting and said, We can t just have them pick up the phone and the guys goes, ‘Would you like a - We gotta add a little zest and pizzazz to hook em, then they ll listen to the whole thing, and the idea… it means they…  And they found some failed screenwriter, out-of-work playwright, and the idea that the man or woman came up with and got paid for, the level of drama they came up with was, Oh, let me just adjust my headset. That s as far as they went. If you, okay, if you ve already committed to just completely bullshitting me on a robocall, entertain me, just go for it. When I pick up that phone, like, Hello, I should hear like, He s stabbing me. Oh, God, I m… I m bleeding out. I saw… He s killing everyone in the office. I m hiding. Please listen. I promised my son when I left today I would sell one time-share in Boca Raton. If you could just please… Oh, God, please just hit ‘two on your phone. Pick up the phone, They ve launched the missiles! They emptied all the silos! The only safe place is Sandy Cove in Monterey, California. Press ‘two to hear about an exciting new offer! You need to repopulate the earth! Let s meet my front row. Hi. – Do you live in Chicago? – I do. – What do you do in Chicago? – Um, I do public relations. What was the last thing you had to public relate? Uh… I work for a credit union. Ooh, a credit union. What a… the fucking exciting, glitzy world of PR. Could you try to tell people that our 3.9 spread rate has now gone down to 3.6 percent? And… if you could add a little zhoosh and sparkle to it, that would be fantastic. You re sitting there with… All right. So, you… What did you need to relate to the public about this credit union? Uh, we have a new credit card. A new credit card! And how did you make that exciting? I don t know that I did. Oh, my God! Wow! I… She literally just went, I think I failed. I don t think I made… I don t think I did it. You said that like you literally realized it that moment. It wasn t till I brought it up to you, you re like, I failed it. Oh, my God! They depended on me! That was their exciting new card and I told people it was made out of shit. What was I thinking? You didn t make it exciting. What was the… What was your biggest success so far as a PR person? What s the thing that you related the fuck out of to the public? What do you consider… What do you consider your Sgt. Peppers in the PR world, so far? Oh, gosh. Oh. Is it too many to name, or has it been a string of disasters? Am I talking to the worst PR person in the Windy City? Probably. Really? You re laughing a little too confidently at that, I think he might be.  He might just be. That s right. I… This is funny. I destroy lives. That s what I…  What would be a thing you would say, like, Fuck, I really nailed that one. I… Oh, my God, this is depressing. There s, like, nothing here. My prior job, I worked for a labor union. You worked for a labor union, and you said, No, man, I gotta rock and roll this shit up and start working PR. You re depressing the fuck… This is awful. I ve like… I ve made someone realize they ve made a horrible mistake in their life. This is a terrible way to start off crowd work. Now the whole front s going, Please don t talk to me. I-I actually like my life. Please don t ask me what I do. Don t make me question my existence. Let me go destroy someone else. I ll be right back. – Hi! Do you live in Chicago, sir? – I do. – In the city? – Yes. – What do you do in the city? – I work in construction. In construction. Do you actually build with your hands? Are you the guy going, We need a load of steel for the…  You re like… You re the guy in the trailer, right, making calls? – Yeah, you guys are good. – So you re the guy like… You guys go up there with your little hard hats and…  Smart. Very good. But hang on, did you have to work your… Did you have to earn the trailer, or did you start off in the trailer? Will you ever work walking the high steel? – Not once. No. – Never. You fuckin college puke! What the hell do you know about a guy with his lunch pail up 80 stories, watching his best friend fall into a bucket of hot rivets? Just got all blue-collar. I ve literally never done any physical labor in my life. Do you get guys on the site just going, You never…  Like, is that a plus or a minus that you ve never actually been up on the site or they don t give a shit? – They might have a chip on their shoulder. – A little chip on their shoulder. That s right. It s fuckin Bruce… They re Bruce Springsteen and you re Radiohead, man. They don t… You know what I mean? They re out there born to run, and you re, Oh, androids and depression. Ooh! Did you study construction in college, or how did you get into construction? – Civil engineering. – Civil engineering. You college puke. Look at you! What do you know from a book? I m sorry. I m sorry. What was the latest project you helped construct? – The Obama Center. – Oh, the Obama Center! Nice! Good! Thank God. What is it? Is it gonna be a giant brick building in the shape of the words miss me, or, like, how is that gonna…? When you say Obama Center, is it like his library or like more of a thing… or is it like a… What happens at the Obama Center? – It s a museum. – Mm-hmm. It s an interactive space and like a library as well. Wow. And you have the last cubic inch of hope under glass in there, right? You have the last cubic inch of optimism that you have under a little light. You re only allowed to look at it for just a second. They just, No, that s it. No, move, move, move. Don t touch! Wow. I don t know if I can follow Obama Center, but I m gonna talk to one more person. Let s see what happens. First, I made a PR person question their life. Then I talked to the guy that s building the Obama Center. Now let s talk to a child pornographer. Let s see… Let s take this right into the fucking toilet. How about you with the cool glasses? Hi, sir. Do you live in Chicago? You live in… Cool. You live in the actual city. – Yeah. – What do you do in the city? – I m a comedy writer. – You re a comedy writer. Oh, this is gonna be death. All right, um… Sorry. When you say… you re a comedy writer, who do you work for? – The Onion. – Oh, The Onion. Well, I m not talking… You put on this event. I can t… This is like talking to the boss at the Christmas party. Hey, let s bring him up here, guys. This is good. This guy s nutty. Come on, let s see what he has to say. How does it… You write for the A.V. Club or the actual Onion website? Uh, The Onion, the satirical part. The satirical part? How does… Sorry. How does the Whiplash feel watching reality just pissing all over satire every day? Like, how do you even… How many… How much… How many cubic feet of coke are snorted in the offices every day at this point? I mean, it s got to be nuts. How are you guys coping? I think pretty good. – Pretty good? – Yeah. You know it s just gonna get more and more insane. Like, you don t know… Oh, fuck, dude, I actually feel weirdly bad for you. You know what you could use? Some good PR. Let me introduce you to this… There you go. You call her. There you go. That s right. Call her. Let her fail you. That s all I ask. Then for relief, go to the Obama Center. Both you guys, meet at the Obam… You two meet at the Obama Center. And you re like, We re having an iron… You have an ‘irony deficiency. Stupid. Oh! Yes. I m just killing time. This next section is very hard for me to get into. But it was really nice… That was a fascinating front row. Wow. Thank you, guys. Thank you so much. That was… So… The, uh… Just over a year ago, um, I became a widower. And, uh, I have… I m moving along as best I can. It is, you know… I can get up and I can do my job. I can be a dad. But, uh, it s not, you know… it s still… The wound is there. It is healing. It s not shut yet. And, uh… Ooh, by the way, if one more person wishes me strength on my healing journey, I m gonna throw a balloon full of piss into every candle store on the planet, because… it s… It is not a healing journey. Uh, and calling it a healing journey makes it harder, by the way. When I m… When it s 4:00 a.m. and I m in the backyard crying, and looking at the sky in my underwear, uh, you know, it doesn t feel… I m like, I think I m fucking up my healing journey right now. If they would call it a numb slog, then I could at least go, I m nailing it. All right. I m… right where I need to be on my numb slog. And also, it… There s no sense to it. It doesn t have… And that was my, you know… my… My wife was a true-crime writer and researcher, and the phrase she hated the most was, You know, everything happens for a reason. She s like, No, it fuckin doesn t. It s chaos. It s all random. And it s horrifying. And if you want to try to reduce the horror and reduce the chaos, be kind, that s all you can do. It s chaos. Be kind. She would just say that all the… It s chaos. Be kind. Now… I would always… We d have these huge philosophical arguments where I was like, I don t believe in an intelligent creator, per se. I think that there might be a lattice work of logic and meaning to the universe that maybe we re too small to see. And she was like, Sweetie, it s all random. It s all chaos. It s chaos. Be kind. It s chaos. Be kind. And we would go back and forth. And then she won the argument in the shittiest way possible! And if there is some intelligence up there with a plan, then his or her or its plan sucks. If part of the plan was looking at me and Michelle as a couple, and go, Well, I gotta take one of them. Now, let me see. She investigates cold cases and tries to bring a sense of relief and sense to bereaved families. And, uh, he talks about his dick in front of drunks. Now, who… should I take off the planet right now? That s like looking down and seeing, like, Louis Pasteur and the guy who fluffs the donkey at the Tijuana fuck show. And you re like, Well… those donkey dicks aren t gonna get hard on their own. I gotta… Someone s gonna invent pasteurization eventually. And then everything failed me. Everything. Pop culture. All this shit, all my little escape routes that I used to go to for comfort… comic books, science fiction, film, literature… all that stuff immediately failed me. Especially superheroes in comic books. Out the window. Every superhero, all these action heroes I worship, it s always… it s always a widower, someone who has lost a wife or a child or their whole family. And they do the thing that everyone does the minute you lose a loved one. You know what I m talking about, CrossFit and martial arts. That s the first thing you do. You get really cut. I mean, look, that s what I did, guys. I got right super into Taekwondo. Look, the… And by the way, all these guys… They have the Batman and the John Wicks of the world. Uh, they re always shown, like, standing over their wife s grave, at night, in the rain, in a trench coat, looking grim and focused. And that s… Cemeteries close at 6:00. I know this. That s bullshit. If they re doing that, that means they climbed over the fence like an asshole. There was some guy in the security hut looking at the monitor, There s that douche bag climbing over the gate again. We re open nine hours a day. I don t know why he comes here at night. Stand there with that Offspring song playing. Batman especially. Batman can go fuck himself. That guy… His… He s nine years old, his parents are gunned down in front of him, and he travels the world becoming this superpowered ninja, fighting… What the… At best, at best, Bruce Wayne would have grown up to be Gotham City s most annoying slam poet. That is the best he would have become. That s the best… He would have been one of those trust fund… He would have been a fat vegan, I know that. He would have been a fat vegan. You ever see a fat vegan? – I thought you said you were a vegan? – You know, Oreos don t have any anim…  All right, fuck you right… He d be on stage with his poems, Bang, bang, in the alley. Everyone, Boo! Second worst day of my life… was the day that my wife passed away. That is the second worst day of my life. The worst day of my life was the day after when I had to tell our daughter. Uh, my wife passed away while she was at school, so in between screaming and vomiting and freaking out, I talked to the school and told them what happened and what do I do. And the principal talked to me. She was amazing and said, She can t come home from school and then you tell her and then she has to go to bed. You can t, like… Oh, you know… You can t send her off into sleep and that trauma s just hit her. Tomorrow s Friday. Keep her out of school. Have a fun daddy-daughter morning. Then at noon, tell her and then be there with her while she works through it. It s gonna be horrible, but just be there. Give her the day. Do it…  She said, Tell her in the sunshine. That s how she put it. So we did it. In the morning, we went and had fun. And then, uh… I sat down… with my daughter, and I looked… I looked at my daughter and destroyed her world. I had to look at this little girl that was everything to me and take everything from her. And I ve… That… That I… That s gonna be longer for me to recover from than my wife passing away. It was horrifying. And hours and hours later, after crying and holding her, you know, and I said, Whatever you need to do, I will do it. If you don t wanna go to school for a month, you don t have to go. If you wanna… We ll travel anywhere. I ll stay here with you. You know, I canceled everything. I just wanna be…  And then after she calmed down, she said, I wanna go to school on Monday. I wanna go to school on Monday. I realized what she was saying is, I want some normalcy. If my mom were here, I d be going to school on Monday, so I m gonna go to school on Monday. Even if it s an illusion, I m gonna grab a little bit of that. And I go, I will take you to school on Monday. We re going. We re gonna go, okay? And Monday morning rolls around and I m bringing her to school. And now, I haven t slept in four days and I m bringing my daughter to school. So, as we re walking up, it looked like a junkie had found a kid. And was just, She said the grown-ups get free apple slices. Is that true? So… He, um… And I m on the edge of hallucination at this point, from grief and sleeplessness. All of her little friends who have been told over the weekend what happened and the parents sat down with them, these adorable six- and seven-year-olds are coming up and firing questions at me. Not meaning to be mean, they have no filter. They re little kids. So, I m surrounded by these adorable faces saying, When Alice s mom died, were you sad? Like, just kind of melting, Yes, I was sad.  It s great to talk to children. A couple of her friends, without meaning to, let slip a little too much about their home lives, though, in their questions, which was kind of interesting. Is Alice gonna have a stepmom?  I m not really thinking about that right now. I don t know.  Because when my mom and dad stopped living together, I had a stepmom right away.  I bet you did. Is she teaching you Russian right now, because… I bet she s not teaching your mom pilates anymore. All right. We got through the summer, which was it s own nightmare. And then first day of first grade, which I had to do alone. Normally my wife would go online and fill out the forms. I was like, I can t. How am I gonna…  And I somehow did it. And I m walking her up to first grade, and I m like, I can t believe I actually… There s lunch in her lunch box. She has a backpack. I got her new clothes. Okay. Maybe I can do this? Um, but it also hit me as I m walking her up there. I had not visited my wife s grave since the funeral. I couldn t. I just couldn t bear to go there. And I m like, You know what. Goddamn it. I m gonna visit Michelle s grave and I m gonna sit and talk with her and I m gonna say, ‘This world need not concern you anymore. I ve got it. You go do whatever you have to do. You re not gone because I see so much of you in Alice, and I will keep that healthy and happy and growing. That s my job now.  And I was gonna tell her all of that, so I go to the cemetery. 10:00 in the morning. Clear blue… It was beautiful out. There s a little bench near the headstone and I m sitting there and I m about to start talking, telling her this, This world may not concern you. Thirty feet this way… there s an Armenian family having a screaming argument with each other. And their daughter is, like, this teen Goth girl, who s walk… I don t know what this meant, by the way. She kept pointing to random parts of the ground, and the father would just go, No! Then… seventy feet straight in front of me, there s an adorable Chinese family all sitting in beach chairs, eating pizza at a headstone. And they have a boom box and they are blaring Céline Dion s My Heart Will Go On. Blaring. Except there s no real bass, it s all treble, so it sounds like it s being performed on a dentist drill, like it s so… And I m sitting there trying to go, like, Uh, this world may not exist…  No!  You go… I see so much of you in…  No! Finally I was, You re a ghost. Just fly behind me in the fucking car. I ll talk to you there. I can t… This is insane. Now I know why superheroes come here at night. I get it. Okay. I-I m sorry, Batman. You were right. You were right. The most fucked-up part of grieving, and this doesn t happen as much as it did in the first few months, but it still happens… And they don t talk about this in my grief group or in the grief books… are the days where you very seriously have hours where you think, Hey, maybe I m the one that s dead. What if I died and the horror of my body dying was too much for my brain to accept, so my brain has invented this fantasy world of the next worse thing. Which would be my… And by the way, beyond my wife passing away, which is horrible, there s also really horrific evidence around me that I might be dead and imagining this hell… based on what the fuck is going on around me right now… in the world, like this is… If my mind were to invent a hellscape, it would kind of look like this. I mean, is this… I mean… The flying Razor Bats with the three-headed genitals haven t showed up yet, but… if they do, someone confirm that they re there is all I m asking. Oh, the other awful thing… about when my wife passed away was that two weeks after she died, it was the week leading up to Mother s Day, which… And I m like, Oh, my gosh. I called the school and they said, Oh, you can t bring her to school. She s gotta go out of school this week. You gotta take her out of town. It s too soon. Go do something fun. And my wife is from Chicago, so her whole family still lives here. I have this amazing network of… It s a gigantic Irish brood and they re fantastic. My daughter has all these amazing cousins and aunts, so I said, We re going to Chicago all week, and you re gonna have adventures and running around. And we did. It was fun. Museums and parks and sleepovers and all kinds of nuttiness. And she had such a good time, and I kept her mind off of Mother s Day. I fuckin did it. I got to that Sunday, Mother s Day itself, where I m, like, I m gonna spend Mother s Day, we ll be at the airport and we ll travel. And I ll make that day really fun and I ll fill that with adventure. I ll keep her mind off it all day. We ll be home, and we ll deal with this all again next year step-by-step. Now we re at the airport, we re walking up to the security gate, I m like, I think I pulled this off. Here, sweetie, here s your ticket. Give her your…  She loved to hand up her ticket. Here it is. Said, Here s your ticket. She gives the gate lady her ticket. I give the gate lady my ticket. She s a very old, sweet Polish woman, and we re walking onto the plane. Just as we re about to go down the tunnel, her hand falls on my shoulder and she says, I hear what happened to your wife. She looks at Alice, To your mother, to be without your mother on Mother s Day. I-I… My mother died when I was your age. I never get over it. I never… I m still so sad. My father never get over it. It broke him. He died alone. But when you are sad, what I tell myself is that also there are so many other sad people. Okay, have nice flight. We get on the plane and Alice is crying, I m crying. It was just this nightmare. And, you know, ever since then, every major holiday, I live in fear that this Polish woman of doom is just gonna… fuckin rear up and just ruin… Like Halloween this year, we went trick-or-treating. Every door I knocked on, I thought it would open up, Little girl! Oh! Halloween without my mother! It is the saddest thing. Everyone that s dressed as a ghost, I want to look under the sheet. Are you my mother under the sheet? They never are. My mother is never under the sheet. Here is some candy from my country. It is made from birch bark and ink. It is called ‘don t ! Oh, little girl! Take her… This is funny. Take her to the mall at Christmas. Put her on Santa s lap, beard comes off, It is me! Oh! Christmas without my mother is the saddest thing in the world. Don t you agree? Every stocking is hung by the chimney with tragedy! There will never be a walnut or a tangerine in the toe. Oh, little girl! The loneliness pushed my father into a spectrum of sexuality called beyond gay. Little girl! Fuckin … Arbor Day. I m in the tree. All right, okay, fine. Now goddamn it. Yes, Arbor Day without my mother. Jesus Christ. Halloween especially. That s my daughter s favorite holiday. Mine too. We love Halloween. And this… one of the things… My daughter is friends with this really sweet girl who goes to a painfully progressive elementary school in Los Feliz. They re very nice, but it s a little much. It s a little… Hey, we don t have any walls here, man. And, uh… Like, we don t give out A s or F s. Like, instead of an A, we give out a drawing of a pomegranate. And instead of an F, it s a picture of a smiling, frowning, possum. And then we try to ask, ‘How could you make the possum not frown? And we have…  Oh, shut the fuck… But… they do do a really cool Halloween carnival every year. And the kids put it on, so it s very, very handmade and charming. And my favorite part is, they do this haunted house. And the kids put on the haunted house, so it s very, very basic. It s just… They make a maze with garbage bags. You go down the maze and a ghost goes, Boo! Then there s… And my daughter loves it, even though she s terrified. Like, she wants to go in, and then I carry her and she hides her face. And she s hiding her face, but then I hear her laughing. And I ve been taking her since she was three. Um, this past year… some of the adults decided to help out on the haunted house, so me and Alice and a bunch of other kids, we go into the haunted house, and the first thing that happens is a woman dressed as a witch pops out and says, I ve killed Harry Potter! And all of the kids go, Whaa! Immediately start crying. And then the witch realized, like, No, but he s not really dead. He used an amulet to trick me. You ll see at the end. There s a story if you go through the maze. You ll see…  So they decided to add a fucking story element, which you can t do in a haunted house. It s just shit popping out. There s a werewolf and a ghost and… Instead, we went into a room and then adults came out and just pitched us shitty movie sequels. That was the haunted house. The house of shitty movie sequels. What if the Titanic didn t sink? Now follow me on this. If the…  And I was bummed out because that haunted house, the first time I took Alice when she was three, I saw one of the scariest things I have ever seen. And I go to some of those professional, you know, It s the massacre corn maze, or some kind of… This was put on by kindergartners and it scared… Okay, so again, we re going through the maze, and a ghost pops out and a witch… And so the last corner that you turn, there s a long hallway, at the end of the hallway is the exit. So when I turn the corner, at the end of this long hallway, there s a single red lightbulb. And underneath the lightbulb, a kindergartner had gotten lost. And the kindergartner was wearing an adult monster mask that s on him at this crazy tilt. So, I m just holding Alice, and at this point, I m being the dad, like, Whoa, there goes the witch. Oh, look at the ghosts. Here we go. I turn the corner and I see this thing at the end of the hall, just this little like… I almost shit my pants off. Like, Boom! I ve never… Holy fuck, it was so unnerving just this shape. Even the werewolf popped out, I m like, Get out of here. There s a real demon right there. I have friends who run professional haunted houses. Save your money. Get a bunch of kids, fill them with Skittles. Put adult monster masks on. Let them wander around. The feces fumes coming off… of your thing will replenish the ozone layer. I m pitching movies. Still pitching movies every now and then. I still do it. I wanna write a movie and get it made. That s one of my dreams. But I wanna be… But I wanna be like… I wanna write something original and new, and there s nothing more demoralizing than pitching a movie, because you will always reference other movies when you pitch a movie. And you feel so uncreative when you do it. Like, So, at the beginning, uh, the office, I want the same kind of energy as The Newsroom and All the President s Men. With all the background dialogue. You re like, I m a fucking idiot. So just once, I would love to go in and pitch a children s movie, like a G-rated movie, but only reference hard-core porn when I m describing the scene, as if everyone in the room has seen it. So, I m like, Oh, yeah, this is gonna be a really fun movie. Um, I love the first We Love Ice Cream movies. Uh, so this is We Love Ice Cream 4. And what I wanna have happen is… So, remember the little kid in We Love Ice Cream, the first one? Now he s grown up and he s going to college. He doesn t wanna run the old ice-cream shop. He s got all these dreams. He wants to get out there in the world and do it. Um, but then his dad has that stroke, and he s like, ‘Oh, my gosh, do I just let the ice-cream store close or do I go out and follow the dream I wanna do. We re gonna have that moment in the first act where he decides, ‘Yes, I m gonna run this ice-cream store. And I want that kind of… Remember in Marines Don t Kiss, where s she s getting… she s blowing the dude and the other dude is underneath her and he s fucking her. Then the third guy wants to ass-fuck her and fill all of her holes, right? And you could see it in their face, ‘Yeah, fuck me in the ass. Like that same confidence of that I m gonna… as in that scene, yeah. That will propel us into the second act when all these bills are piling up, and he just, ‘My God. How am I gonna keep the store open? And my career is going away. There s no way I can pay for all this. And it s just gonna be this burden, just this huge… ‘ Remember in Yank My Doodle, It s a Dandy, when… the, um, all the guys are just jerking off on her back. She s on all fours in the hotel room and then… But you can tell like, cause she just has that lake of cum on her back, so just… I want him to have that, just feel that same burden as the lake of cum that s on her back. ‘How will I run this ice-cream store? You know like that. ‘Oh, my gosh. Um, but then, and then ironically in the third act, we find out that the stained glass window on the second floor of the family home is actually this priceless heirloom worth like half a million dollars. That s gonna pay off the mortgage and help him hire people so he can… So ironically, the whole solution was there right in the opening scene. It was there right from the beginning. Like, remember Hungry White Asses Filled with Angry Black Dicks, Part 4? No, no, part… I m sorry. I m so stupid, Part 3, when she gets hired to find the guy with the question-mark-shaped mole at the base of his cock, and she sucks off everybody. She sucks off the delivery guy, the pool boy, the pizza guy. Just dick, dick, dick. Suck, suck, suck. Just fucking every direction. Just dicks going into her mouth. And then, oh, it was the fucking guy that hired her in the beginning. So, they come full circle. It s that, you know, like… And you feel that same relief of, ‘Oh, that was the dick right there. You want me to write up a treatment? I think it sounds really fun. No? We could…  That s a weird bit to end this set on, isn t it? That was a bit I was always working on and I could never make it work. And it always cracked Michelle up because she loved shit that was so filthy and rude and goofy like that. And right now, I m still wounded and I m healing, but there s people out there, especially the people in power. I m sorry to get… I ll leave you with this. There s people that wanna create wounds that will not heal. That s the turn-on for them, so just… I m just gonna end this by quoting Michelle Eileen McNamara, It s chaos. Be kind. Thank you. Good night.

GABRIEL IGLESIAS@I M SORRY FOR WHAT I SAID WHEN I WAS HUNGRY@2016@[audience chanting] Fluffy! Fluffy! Fluffy! Fluffy! [chanting continues] Give it up and make some noise for Mr. Gabriel Iglesias! -[song playing] -[audience cheering] [song continues] [song fades] Chicago! About time we do a special here. [audience cheering] Before I say anything else, you guys, a big hand for my friend, the man, the myth, the legend. Give it up for Martin! The two guys you see standing next to him are two of my oldest friends. Not only are they friends, they work for me. That s Ivan and Tony. Give Ivan and Tony a lot of love. [applause] In addition to that– This is so special right here. Ladies and gentlemen, handing me the microphone tonight is the NFL s Coach of the Year… and a former member of the baddest football team that ever… [audience cheering] stepped on a field, the 1985 Chicago Bears. Coach Ron Rivera! Thank you. Thank you. I gotta do it one time. Da Bears. Whoo! [laughs] I am super excited, you guys. Let me tell you. This is our 19th year coming to Chicago, okay? Nineteen years. The first time I came here, I got a chance to meet some people, and they says, Gabriel, have you ever been to Chicago?  No, it s my first time.  We d like to take you out to eat if you re down. And I m like, Well, hello. I am very down. They took me to a restaurant called Portillo s. [audience cheering] You heard of it? So we get there, and it was very good. The hot dogs were delicious. I had a chicken chopped salad. It was amazing. Had a beef dip. Really good. But it wasn t until the meal was almost over that these new friends of mine said, We d like you to try something you might not have ever had before. I m like, That s not likely. I said, What is it you want me to try?  They sell a thing at Portillo s called a chocolate cake shake. [audience cheering] I said, You had me at ‘chocolate.  They said, You gotta go up to the window and order it from the lady. So I get up and walk over to the lady. She s like, Can I help you? I say, My friends are telling me that I need to try this thing called a chocolate cake shake.  Okay. What size would you like?  How good is it?  You want a large.  All right. Can I please have a large chocolate cake shake?  No problem. [imitating beeping] I pay, and she turns around. She turns around and walks over to this refrigerator on the counter. She opens it up, and she pulls out a piece of chocolate cake. I m thinking to myself, She must ve misunderstood what I said. I didn t ask for a piece of chocolate cake. I asked for a chocolate cake shake. She must ve heard what I was thinking, cause she s walking by, like, It s gonna happen. She walks over to the blender, she takes the freaking lid off, and she just looks at me and does this. And I was like, No! And she s like, Oh, yeah. [imitating blender whirring] She pours it and she hands me this 44-ounce chocolate shake… which is way more than anybody should be drinking. The straw was so thick, you could almost fit your thumb in it. So I grab the shake, and I begin to attempt to drink it. So I m– Mmm. Mmm. Mmm. And I can see the shake coming up. Mmm. Mmm. And it hit, and then all of a sudden– Whoo! Hell, you guys even have taco trucks. Now for anyone wondering about taco trucks, let me just let you know right now. That is real good Mexican food. I don t want you being concerned, like, No, there s wheels under that restaurant. Well, sometimes we don t have a permit, okay? But it doesn t mean the food is not good. For me to know I m gonna have a good experience at a taco truck, I always research. I look to see who s running the truck. For me to know I m gonna have a good time, I wanna make sure that it s an all-female crew. Not to sound sexist. It s just that when it s all women running the truck, they make me feel good about myself. They make me feel special. When I walk up at one o clock in the morning, and I have a buzz, they make me feel good. [imitates knocking] Hello? They come to the window. Hola, mi gordito. ¿Cómo estás? ¿Cómo está ese gordito chulito? Ese gordito. Qué bonito. A ver. A ver. Ojitos. Ojitos. I feel like a kid. I m like, Can I have a taco?  Whatever you want, mi hijito. A taquito for you. Now, when it s an all Mexican male crew running the truck– It s late. They re tired. They re bitter. Customer service isn t our strongest point at one o clock in the morning. Then you gotta deal with a drunk knucklehead like me. [imitates knocking] Hello? They come to the window. ¿Qué chingados quieres, pinche gordo? What you want? What you want?  Hey, what s up, bro? Can I have a taco?  Okay. What else?  That s it. [clicks tongue] Aah! That s not even a word! But you know exactly what he just told you. For some reason, Mexican people, and only Mexican people, have this sound that comes out of us that can just discredit anything you put in front of it. It doesn t matter what it is. We can kill it with that sound. I just graduated from college, top of my class. [clicks tongue] Aah!  Fine, I ll work at Burger King.  Papi, this is my fiancé. He loves me. [clicks tongue] Aah!  Fine, I ll be a whore. And speaking of whores, let me tell you where they put us up at. That s a bad segue. No. There s no whores at this hotel. Listen. I would like to personally thank the promoters for not only making this special happen, but for taking really good care of us. They put us at a hotel right across the street. And you know, you know when you re in a good hotel when you get inside of the elevator, and it talks. It s one of those. [imitates beep] [female voice] First floor. [imitates beep] Second floor. [imitates beep] Third floor. I m like, Man, she sounds hot. [imitates beep] [female voice] Fourth floor. Mmmm. [imitates beep] Fifth floor. Oh, yeah. Martin asked me, How far you going up? I said, All the way. I gotta see how this ends. You know what I m saying? [laughs] Oh, man. And by the way, since the last time we were here, I ve had a few things change in my life. Some things happened that were so crazy that I couldn t even believe it was a possibility. First thing that happened was, I had my first ever celebrity death hoax. Meaning that someone faked my death on the Internet, and it went viral. Someone wrote an amazing article that was read by over 30 million people that was so good, even I was like, Oh, my God. I was so nice. TMZ reported it for 30 minutes, until they called my publicist and confirmed that I was still alive. The article said that I had died October 31 from complications of Type II diabetes. And I m thinking to myself, That s a hell of a day to kill a diabetic. You know what I mean? That s like killing Santa on Christmas Eve. Thirty million people read this article. No one thought to call me. Except Martin. -[audience cheering] -That s right. Martin was the only one that called me. And I think that was just to verify that he still had employment. I got that phone call. [imitates phone ringing, line connecting] Hello? Martin was like, Hey. You dead?  No, man. I m good.  I figured. You would ve texted me. [imitates line disconnecting] And I would have, cause that s the kind of friend I am. I even asked my son, Frankie. I said, Frankie, did you hear I died?  That s what they meant.  What do you mean, ‘That s what they meant ?  My friends were asking if you were okay.  What d you tell them?  I hadn t seen you.  So apparently I died.  Welcome back. And that s another thing that s changed. My son, Frankie, is now 18 years old. [audience cheering] And one week away from graduation. [cheering continues] Yeah. You guys are clapping, but he s not leaving. I asked him. Frankie, what do you want to do with your life?  Mm-mmm.  Have you thought about college?  Just now. I m like, Frankie, you do realize that all you need to do is get accepted. I tell a lot of jokes. I will pay for your entire college education, no matter where you want to go. [audience cheering] As long as you get accepted. What do you think about that?  Mm-mmm. I say, You want to go to school in California, we ll make it happen. You want to go out of state, we ll make it happen. Hell, I ll even do one of those international programs. The ones where you give them one of your children and they give you one of their children. -What is it called when you kid-swap? -[audience] Exchange. Thank you. Sorry. That s right. Exchange. Some of you were like, That s called human trafficking. Different program. I would love to do an exchange program with my son. But don t give me a regular kid. If I m gonna do an exchange program, give me a kid from a hard-core third world country, so he appreciates all the basic things most American children take for granted. That s why I say give me little Tombutu. Give me Tombutu. I would love Tombutu, and Tombutu would love me. Mister Fluffy?  Yes, Tombutu?  I was wondering, what time do we go to sleep?  You go to sleep whenever you like. This is your room. We sleep next door.  All of this is for Tombutu?  Yes, all of this is for Tombutu.  In my village, two families sleep in an area this big.  Well, here in America, one big-ass Mexican kid sleeps right here. Enjoy. Then I would take him to IHOP or Denny s and let him order whatever he wants and just watch him lose it. This is the Thanksgiving I heard of! Thank you, Mr. Fluffy! Thank you! If there is anything Tombutu can do for you, please tell me. Anything.  Can you help me take out the trash?  For you, I will eat the trash. Meanwhile, my son s on the other side of the world, on top of an elephant, trying to get Wi-Fi. I love my son very much, you guys. It s just that sometimes he doesn t get the position he s in. He doesn t realize it. Which is why I love it whenever he brings his friends over. He brings his friends over the house, and they re constantly saying what I m saying. And as a parent, anytime you tell your kids something, that s one thing. When you can get their friends to say what you say, you can t pay for that. And they re always doing it. Frankie, you re lucky, man. Your dad s trying to help you go to college. My dad wants me to get a job. Frankie, you re lucky, man. Your dad s trying to give you a car. My dad doesn t even trust me to walk. You re lucky, man. And I hear this, and I m like, I love these kids. Because my son is very numb to this situation. He s very numb to all of you, and he s very numb to Fluffy. Okay, he doesn t see Fluffy. He sees Dad! Dad! I m Dad. I m the guy that tells him clean your room, take a shower and put on deodorant, which he does very well now! But you guys saw what I had to do to make that happen. His friends, on the other hand, they still get excited when they see me. They still geek out. I walk into the living room. They re all sitting there. Frankie sees me. Hey, Dad. His friends see me, they see this. [imitating chorus singing] With, like, doves. [imitates wings flapping] Can you imagine if every time you walked into a room, that happened? He s here. [imitating chorus singing] [imitates wings flapping] Ladies, imagine if your partner could do that for you. Huh? It s your anniversary, a celebration, some magical moment, or you re just laying there and you re drunk. And you re just like, What are you gonna do to me? What are you gonna do? [imitating chorus singing] [imitates wings flapping] One extra dove. [imitates wings flapping] And by the way, guys, if you re ever able to pull off the doves, just leave it at that. Don t try to top the doves. It s very hard to top the doves. Don t start running your mouth and talking smack. She s laying there. Don t start: You don t know what s gonna happen to you. You re gonna get it. Don t do that. Cause ladies, all you have to do is look at him and go, [clicks tongue] Aah! Anyways, back to my son s friends. So my son has two friends that come to the house all the time. One friend, his name is Ken. Works a lot with computers. The other friend, his name is Fabian. He wants to be a police officer. Both of these kids are really good. Now I keep calling everyone kids, even though they re all 18. But to me, they re kids. I m almost 40. I m like, Uh, you know? Some of the conversations we have are very adult-like. And the other conversations, I m like, What am I doing with my life? For example, at home– At home, when I m hanging out, I usually just wear very similar to now, except the Hawaiian shirt. I usually wear a T-shirt that has Star Wars or Marvel Comics or Transformers on it. Cartoons. I like wearing stuff like that around the house. One day, I m wearing a T-shirt that has The Avengers on the front. [audience cheering] Yeah. And I walk into the living room, and my son s friend Fabian sees me wearing the shirt. So he starts pointing. I m like, What s up, dude? He goes– [inhales] Weak.  Scuse me?  Weak. And then he says, DC s better.  What did you say?  DC s better. I m like, DC s okay. Obama lives there. They pass laws. They got hotels, historic museums. It s not a real state. I don t know why you re getting cray-cray. He goes, No, fool! DC Comics! I m like, Hey, man. I m almost 40. I don t care. It s just a really cool shirt. I like it. It fits… No big deal.  That s cause they are.  You need to relax.  They re the best.  You need to chill. And in my head, I m like, why am I having this conversation? I have better things to do, like trying to get my son on an elephant, but no. The kid in me is, Why are they best? He points at the shirt again. Iron Man sucks. Batman s number one. I go, Why?  Cause he is. I go, That s not an argument. First of all, Batman s not the best superhero. I hate to break it to you. He s not. [person cheering] I can hear people getting ready to boo. Oh, no, Fluffy. Don t go there. Don t go there, Fluffy. Don t do it. Yes, I m gonna do this. Watch this. Batman s not the best superhero. Batman is the creepiest superhero. Batman is the creepiest superhero that has ever lived. He even sounds creepy. [imitates whooshing] [deep voice] I m Batman. [imitates whooshing] I m Batman. You don t recognize that voice? [deep voice] Want some candy? [imitates whooshing] Help me find my puppy. Hello? He only comes out at night. His face is always covered up. He s always waiting in alleys. And who does he talk to? A guy named Joker, a guy named Riddler. His name is Batman. Joker, Riddler, Batman. Joker, Riddler, Batman. Those are Mexican gang member names. Can you imagine if that was Batman s real identity? At night. [imitates whooshing] I m Batman. During the day. [imitates whooshing] No, chingue su madre, soy Batman, loco– Todo el pinche día aquí trabajando y luego le parta la madre Joker–  I m Batman. I said, All right, Fabian, Mr. ‘Batman s The Best. Based on my T-shirt– My T-shirt says Marvel Comics. I see Thor, I see Captain America, I see Iron Man. Who are some of the superheroes that DC Comics has that makes them better than Marvel? Go.  Batman.  You said that.  Superman.  That s a good one.  Wonder Woman.  Okay.  Green Lantern.  Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. I said, I know the other superheroes, but Green Lantern? What s his power?  He wears a ring, and the ring gives him power. I said, That s a fantasy. I don t know any man who wears a ring who has power. And if you re not clapping right now, my point exactly. You can t clap, can you? You can t. You know why you can t clap? Cause you re sitting next to Kryptonite. He s not even clapping. He s like, No, no, no, no. No. Me pega Wonder Woman. No, no. [laughing] Listen, I m not gonna lie. Sometimes– Sometimes I feel just a pinch, a pinch like a superhero, in the sense that I m able to walk out in front of large groups of people, change people s moods, make people smile, make people laugh, make people feel a little bit better. -[audience cheering] -Right? By that same token, like any superhero, I have my weaknesses too. I come out here and I make you happy. And then I go home. And I piss off one person. Cause she don t want to hear about this. She doesn t want to hear about you guys. I can t go home and brag. Baby, it was crazy in Chicago.  That s nice. Take out the trash.  But they were clapping and chanting my name.  Oh, is that gonna help? Okay. [chanting] Take out the trash! Take out the trash! Take out the trash! Take out the trash!  But they told me they loved me! [clicks tongue] Aah! [audience cheering] [audience chanting] Fluffy! Fluffy! Fluffy! Oh, my God. Do you guys have any idea how hard it s gonna be to go home and take out the trash now? Thank you. [laughs] Oh, my God. This is awesome! I hear some of you too. You guys okay over there? [imitating coughing] That s a big compliment, by the way. Anytime I hear people in the arena, and they re freaking– [clearing throat] That lets me know I m making you laugh so much, your own body is rejecting the activity that you re participating in. Your own lungs are telling you, This is not good for you. You need to leave. But you re stubborn. You re like, No! The ticket was expensive! That s usually from guys. From women, it s a little bit different. Anytime I hear women laughing so much that they begin to snort. You re already laughing. That tells me I m making you laugh so much, I m causing you to inhale and exhale at the same time, forcing you to make that– [snorts] And if I hear a woman snort more than two times, that tells me I made you pee just a little. I love that. You were pointing out the whole time. She s like, You asshole. Thanks for having my back. Another thing that I now consider a compliment is that from time to time, I have people who are experiencing their first ever comedy event, and they re not accustomed to laughing for long periods of time. And they get so excited and so involved with the show, that they forget. They forget to do a very basic thing. Called breathing! You d be amazed how many times I ve seen this in the front row. And they pass the hell out. The messed-up part is only I can see what s happening. And– And they re usually, like, Fluffy, do something. I m, like– Do something! [imitating chorus singing] [imitating wings flapping] He woke up! Thank you! I had a lady one time… up in the balcony… who laughed herself unconscious. She went forward and wound up hitting her head on the rail that was in the aisle. Now I couldn t see this because I m onstage and I had spotlights in my face. It wasn t until after the show was over, when Martin came back out onstage and he took the microphone. Then he tells me in my ear, Bro, some lady just got hurt in the balcony. The paramedics are here. They have her in the lobby. Let s check on her. I m like, Let s go. So we go behind the curtain. Security is waiting for us with the car. So we jump in the car– [imitates door closing, engine revving] They raced us around to the front of the building. Now as soon as we get to the front, we see an ambulance. We start walking in. And now– Not to take anything away from this serious moment, because this really did happen. It s a little bit funny in the sense that… my show just finished, and people are now starting to leave the building. They just saw me onstage a minute ago. Now they see me walking in the front door. You gotta see it through my eyes. He s big, but he s fast. I don t know how he did that one. That s pretty good. I come in, and immediately I cut right, to where the lady and the paramedics are sitting on the steps to the balcony. The lobby is starting to fill up with people. I m trying to get from point A to point B without getting stopped. So I started doing this, and I know it s gonna look a little weird, but it worked. Are you okay? Are you all right? People see me doing this, and immediately they re puzzled. The way you looked at me now, like that. And they did this. What the hell s he doing? It made everybody take two steps back and do like this. It created a hole for me to get to them. Then they see the paramedics, and they realize what I was trying to do. Everything was fine till I got really close. And then one of the paramedics calls me out. What are you doing to the lady? I go, Listen, sir. The woman obviously sustained a head injury. I m giving her a chance to process the fact that it s really me. And I m slowly… getting closer to her. I realize now that I m in this incredible position where I can no longer walk up from behind someone at one of my shows and go, ‘Hey!  Why not?  Cause then– ‘Clear!  Fluffy killed another one. [imitates kick] So finally the lady looks up. She must have been 55, 60, little Asian woman. She sees me, and she s, like– [breathing heavily] You too funny. You almost a-kill me!  I am so sorry. Are you okay? Is there anything I could do to make you feel better?  Yes. Yes, feel better. I would like two T-shirt.  I m gonna get you two T-shirts.  And two DVD. I m like, You re not that hurt. Get your ass over here. So I stand her up, and immediately one of the paramedics– Hey. She hit her head. She shouldn t be standing. I said, I m the artist performing here tonight. I accept full responsibility over this woman. I got her. It s cool. Plus, she s tiny. We re only walking ten feet to the merchandise table. No big deal. I say, Come on. I got you. Let s go. As soon as we start walking, she starts venting. [breathing heavily] Mr. Fluffy. You have no idea kind of week I have. My son, he marry this girl. She no cook, no clean. Move into my house. Now I have to cook and clean for two. Oh, some bullshit. And I m like, Oh, my God. That s gonna happen to me.  Mr. Fluffy, I must apologize to you because I do not know who you are until today. I have a friend who give me ticket. She say, ‘Susie, you stress so much. You need to get out. Husband win ticket in raffle. Only have one ticket. You take it. So I look at the ticket. Ticket say, ‘The Fluffy. I don t know what comedy show is because I never go comedy show. I see ‘Fluffy, I think is musical like Cats. I say, ‘Okay. I go see Fluffy Cats. So I come here early so I can get the popcorn and the soda. So I sit and I wait for Fluffy Cats. Next thing I know, your friend Martin, he walk out onstage with the big hair, big goatee. I say, ‘Oh, ho, ho. This not Cats. This not Cats. This Lion King. That s a Mexican Mufasa. And he start crack jokes. I start laugh, laugh. I laugh. Then you come out onstage. I cannot take. I can t breathe. I black out. And when I wake up, I have ice pack on the head, blood in the eye, and the two young white paramedics, they both touch me right here. They say, ‘Are you okay? Are you okay? Are you okay?  What did you tell them?  Ho-ho. ‘Never better. Susie never have two young white men touch me right here, same time. Oh, your show very special, Mr. Fluffy. Very special. You show like Make-A-Wish. If I have a scar–  You re gonna sue me.  No. No, no, no, no, no. No! Not going to sue. If I have a scar, and the friends ask me, ‘Hey. How you get scar? … now I have great story to tell. I m going to say– [chuckles] ‘Two white men, same time. While Mexican watch. [mouths words] I get her back to the paramedics. The paramedics are like, She s a handful, huh? I m like, Oh, yeah. She s horny. She likes you. Here you go. As soon as I turn around, all I see is a lobby full of people and a bunch of cell phones. There s footage of what I just told you out there. Everybody was recording what happened. What I thought was cool is everybody waited for me to finish with the lady and the paramedics. All of a sudden, when I turned around– [imitates whooshing] People started coming up. Some people wanted to shake my hand, some people wanted to high-five. One guy just wanted to hug me, and he didn t say anything. He just hugged me, just– Are you okay? [shaky breathing] You sure? [shaky breathing] All right. Couple of kids are looking at me, like– And for me, I thought that was so cute, because I recognized that twinkle. I ve looked at someone like that before. I ve been starstruck many, many times. As a matter of fact, this past year, I got to meet one of my childhood heroes. I got to meet Arnold Schwarzenegger. [scattered clapping, cheering] Now some of you are clapping, some of you are like, Wait, wait, wait. Here s the thing. I didn t love him as a politician, and I was too young to know him as a bodybuilder. All I knew was The Terminator was my favorite movie, and he was the Terminator. So, here s the story. I m in LA, at this red carpet event for some movie I still haven t seen. I m standing there with my publicist, okay? I m standing there with my publicist, and she s explaining to me how the red carpet works. Listen, Gabriel. This is what s gonna happen. You re gonna go down the red carpet, and then the paparazzi s gonna start taking photos of you, and then someone s gonna ask you some questions. It s a lot of fun. Then we ll go inside, and we ll go to the after-party. It s gonna be great. As she s telling me this, I m looking around, and I look over and I notice– I see him. I see Arnold Schwarzenegger. And I freak out. [stammering, babbling] It s Arnold Schwarzenegger! It s Arnold Schwarzenegger!  Relax. Relax. You ve never met Arnie? I said, No, I ve never met Arnie.  I work with him all the time. He s really nice. Would you like me to introduce you? I m like, Yes! She takes me by the hand, and she walks me directly to Arnold. I m freaking out so bad. I look like a big-ass toddler. We get over to Arnold Schwarzenegger s area. He s Arnold Schwarzenegger. He s already got a big group of people around him, waiting to take a photo. So I m just patiently waiting. As I m watching him, you guys– I gotta tell you right now. No one on this planet is better at meeting people than Arnold Schwarzenegger. He is the greatest people-meeter I ve ever witnessed. The reason I say this is because when you meet him, he s very engaging. He grabs your hand. He pulls you in. He looks at you in the eyes and he turns it on. When you meet Arnold, you get exactly what you think you re gonna get. It s awesome to watch. [imitating Arnold Schwarzenegger] How are you? So nice to meet you. You so strong. You pump iron? Ay! Look at you! This is incredible, got these lights and this red carpet. Scuse me. How are you? Ay! You so strong! You pump iron? This is incredible. Look at you. People are walking away from him, looking at their hand. They re looking at their hand, you guys. Ten minutes I m watching Arnold Schwarzenegger light people up. Then I notice something else. I notice that Arnold has a handler, a guy who stands right behind him. And it s this guy s job to basically reset Arnold for the next person he s about to meet. Arnold Schwarzenegger will never cut off a conversation with a fan. The guy behind him listens in on the conversation, and he determines when enough is enough, and then he signals Arnold to cut it off and move on. Here s the signal. He grabs the back of Arnold s arm, right there, two times. One, two. That lets Arnold know: cut it off, time to move on. Always to the left. Awesome to watch. This is incredible with these lights and these special effects going on here. Scuse me. How are you? Nice to meet you. You so strong. Ay! I m, like– [gasps] So I yell out to the handler, Hey! And the handler turns around. Hit him! I wanna meet him! Hit him! And he starts laughing because now he sees that I see how the Terminator is really working. So he gives me one of these. Next thing you know, he is lighting Arnold up. He is hitting Arnold so fast, Arnold can barely keep up.  Scuse me. Pardon me. How are you? Scuse me. Pardon me. High five. High five. Scuse me. Hello. How are you? Pound, pound, pound pound. He s coming down the line, coming down the line, and I m just waiting. [heavy exhale] I stick my hand out, and he grabbed it. How are you? So– I recognize you. I know who you are. You re that comedian who does the joke about the Indian man trying to rob a bank, but he cannot rob the bank because they are making fun of him. And in my head, I m, like– [squealing] He knows me! Outside, I m like, Yeah, that s me.  You are hysterical. Give me your contact information. You are the funniest person– Scuse me. How are you? Nice to meet you. You so strong.  Hey! Meeting Arnold is like a really good roller coaster. You want to go to the end and meet him one more time. It was so cool because I m watching him– And people started recording him. For me, it s one of those things where I m finding myself in a very interesting situation right now, because I like hanging out, I like going out. I ve been drunk in Chicago many, many times. I like to have fun. Here s the problem. [chuckles] I recently signed a contract with ABC Television in hopes of producing my very own sitcom for TV. [audience cheering] It s not a guarantee, but I am guaranteed a pilot. Here s the problem. ABC is owned… by Disney. Disney is such a huge brand that anytime someone threatens the way you look at that brand, they are dealt with in a very un-Disney-like way. This sitcom that I m producing is about me. I play myself. I play Gabriel Iglesias. It s about me, my family, my friends. My friend Martin… is not allowed on the show. Not per me. Take it up with the Mouse. They look at your social media. They look at your stuff online. If there s anything about you that doesn t fit that model, they will freaking– mmmm. And I m paranoid, because Disney s so big. They re so huge. They own television stations. They own radio stations. They own Marvel Comics. They own Star Wars. I don t need that phone call, you know? [imitates phone ringing, line connecting] Hello? [imitating Yoda] Mmm. Fucked up, you did. I m so freaking paranoid, you guys. Because nowadays, people are always recording. If you do something that might look stupid, it can end up turning out even worse. For example, say I fall off the stage tonight and someone s recording that. If TMZ gets ahold of that, it can go viral. And God forbid, something happens to me, it can make the news. [imitating reporter] We re standing here in front of the Allstate Arena in Rosemont, Illinois, where authorities believe Fluffy lost control. The 39-year-old comedian was found dead for the second time in two years. No one knows exactly what happened here tonight. Authorities had this to say. [clicks tongue] Aah! [audience cheering] That s why I m saying I gotta be careful, because I still enjoy my habits. I still like drinking. Of course, some people pull me aside and say, Gabriel, why do you drink? Why do you drink? You have so many responsibilities and people you take care of. Why do you drink?  Because I have a lot of responsibilities and people to take care of. Some of you already know because you ve been to my shows in the past. My poison of choice is tequila. Certain alcohol I no longer mess with anymore. Like, I no longer mess with Jäger. [people shouting] See, first of all, any alcohol that will make you say its name… is not safe. That s the only alcohol that will make you do that. That s the only one you hear people– Jäger! You don t hear anyone else. You don t hear Mexicans– ¡Tequila! ¡Güey! You don t hear black people– Hennessy, playa. You don t hear Japanese– Whoo! Sake! Sake! Jäger is scary for a few reasons. One, I m Type II diabetic. I shouldn t even be drinking. But Jäger has twice as much sugar in it. Second thing is the consistency. It s very sticky. It s like cough syrup. So if you drink too much of it, it holds on longer than anything else. And it s nasty. When you drink it, you re, like– [groans, coughs] Pa la tos. Pa la tos. It s horrible. If you drink too much of it, it holds on longer than anything else. You know? If you have one too many beers, you know what happens. You get the– [gurgles] Then you return it to the rightful owner. Jäger makes you feel like you gotta bring it back, but you can t. All it does it make you dramatic for 45 minutes until it lets go. You ve seen someone like that. Hey, you okay?  I m fine, bro– [retches] They can t throw up. All they re doing is six-minute abs. [grunting] People look at you the next day. Are you into fitness?  No, I m a drunk. Man, Jäger is scary. Another alcohol I refuse to mess with anymore… is wine. Look at the people– [clearing throat] We re from Schaumburg. Those of you that don t know, Schaumburg is the Beverly Hills of the area, so– I m sure you figured that out. Um– My issue with wine is very simple. I don t like the fact that wine is socially accepted. What I mean by that is that if you see someone with a bottle of wine, if you see a guy crossing the street with a bottle of wine, immediately he s judged, but in a positive way, because wine is always associated with something high-class, something positive, something progressive, an anniversary, a celebration, a promotion. So you try to figure it out. What do you think is going on over there? Graduation? Promotion? It s gotta be good. Hey, good for you, buddy. Women see a man with a bottle of wine, holding a couple of glasses, and immediately– [imitates woman s voice] Aw! Lucky bitch. It s still alcohol. It will still mess you up. The main reason why I don t like wine is because you cannot accurately measure wine. You can measure real liquor. It s called a shot. And you know after drinking enough times what you can handle and what you can t handle. Because people who drink a lot love to brag about their drinking abilities. -They have their drinking number. Right? -[audience member shouts] They have their drinking number. You ll hear em, you know. Eleven shots of Don Julio. Whoo! Yeah! They have their drinking number, even women. [imitates woman s voice] After four shots of Cuervo, I am so good. Four shots is my sweet spot. [low voice] What happens if you do five?  I ll wake up in an alley.  What happens if you do six?  That s how I met Tyrone. [mouthing words] See, with wine you cannot accurately measure how much you re drinking unless you re basing it on the bottle. And if you re basing it on the bottle, then that s a whole different issue. With wine, the glasses are always different sizes. Sometimes they re big glasses. Sometimes they re small glasses. And a lot of times you need to rely on someone to pour it for you. Sometimes they know what they re doing. Sometimes they don t. Sometimes they fill it up too high, which is not the proper amount. Sometimes they get it just right, which is a little bit less than half of the glass. Sometimes you get that greedy bastard from Olive Garden. You get that little sample. You have to hold it up in direct sunlight and do this. Then you drink it. That s pretty good. I got a coupon. Here you go. And you never see wine drinkers drinking with real drinkers in dive bars. You might see em at a social gathering like this one or some corporate function, but never at a little hole in the wall. You ll never see– Jäger!  ¡Tequila! ¡Güey! And in the middle– [English accent] Merlot, I say. Oh, this is a fantastic establishment. I truly enjoy the decor here. This is amazing. This is brilliant, I tell you. Who cuts your grass? It s fantastic. I m sorry. That voice always makes me laugh. I like it. It makes me smile, you know, when we re here… in America. Whenever I travel and I perform in England, -that voice takes on a different meaning. -Whoo! I heard a whoo. Do we have people from the UK? [cheering] All right. Let me tell the rest of the people about you. I love it whenever people from the UK come here to the United States, because when we hear you speak, you sound incredible, you sound amazing, you sound educated, you sound inspirational. That accent is so proper. It is so proper. It doesn t matter what you re talking about, we re drawn to whatever it is. You could be talking about trash, it sounds amazing. Who could leave all this rubbish here? This is such a travesty. This is– All this destruction here all over the sidewalk. Someone must tend to this at once. This is ridiculous. People are listening in. I don t know what happened over there, but the shit hit the fan. That guy from England is pissed. I don t know. What the hell is ‘rubbish ? See, it s very different. Now, when one of us goes over there, man, it s very, very different, because, see, we don t sound the same as them. As a matter of fact, as Americans, we have a certain way with the English language. Do you understand how we sound to them? I mean, seriously, do you know how they look at us when they hear us speak? We sound like this to them: [Southern accent] I ll tell you, the other day I was hanging out with Phil. That sumbitch come over to the house. We had ourselves a good old time. Just me and Phil. By the way, if you sound like that here tonight, I m kidding. They re just jokes. Don t feel like just, you know, I m-a wait for his ass outside. I ll see how funny he is when he gets to the parking lot. Fluffy, my ass. I just think it s funny… that, no matter what they talk about over there, they sound the same. It sounds the same, you know. Whereas with us, Americans, we speak according to our environment. We change it up. We morph. We adapt. We all have our– For example, we all have our trying to get a good job voice. When you walk in for that interview, you don t sound the way you sound on a Saturday night when you re having a couple drinks. You clean it up. You practice in the car. And when you walk in, you turn it on. If you ll check my references, you ll see I m more than qualified for this position. Please feel free to call Frank Torres. Frank will tell you the amazing job I did for him two and a half weeks ago. Listen, I m ready to work seven days a week, 365 days a year. No job is too big. No task is too small. You can count on me. I m the right person for the job. Please keep me in mind. Thank you for your time. -And then you get to the parking lot– -[audience cheering] Then you get to the parking lot, and you re like, Whew! Hijo de la chingada. Ojalá me dé trabajo porque está cabrón, güey. [Spanish accent] I need a job, man. I need a job. Whew! You guys know we all have our daytime voice that we have around our family and our friends and our children, you know. And then we have our late night voice, you know, our party voice. Jäger! And then, if you re lucky enough, you have your late, late, late night voice. That s right. You don t know what s about to happen. You better get on– Te voy a agarrar… [mumbles] Te gusta así, ¿verdad? Some of you are looking at me like, Oh, my God, Fluffy s a freak. I m just giving an example. All the kids are like, Oh, this is different. Sorry. I see those kids, and they re just like– [gasps] Dad s like, Pinche Fluffy. No, no, no, no, no. Stupid. Bad Fluffy. Bad Fluffy. Bad Fluffy. But, see, now over there, they sound the same no matter what they re doing. When they apply for a job. If you ll check my references, you will see I m qualified for this position. When they party. If you ll pour the wine, I will drink it. It is brilliant, I tell you. When they re making love. I m going to part your legs like the Red Sea. I m going to defile you in such an amazing fashion, you will rue the day you came across me at that local pub. I m going to lower my drawbridge and introduce you to the queen! Yes, I shall. When you arrive at that magical moment, I want you to scream ‘victory.  Victory!  My job is done here. [audience cheering] The only messed-up part about that joke is that that s the only joke the kids remember. Two weeks from now, you re trying to get in the room. You re like, Why is this door locked? And then you hear, Victory! I see a couple of young adults there. How old are you guys? -Thirteen. -[Gabriel] Thirteen. Wow. And next to you? -[Gabriel] How old are you? -Ten. You re ten. [gasps] Okay. I am so sorry for what Martin said. Ten years old. I can t feel too bad because you know what? Ten-year-olds are young adults. You are a young adult. I don t see you as a kid. A kid to me, first of all, is someone who doesn t have access to the Internet. You have, I m sure, a tablet, a cell phone or access to online services, right? Services. What the hell is he talking about? Bad choice of words. You know what I mean, right? You ve probably seen and heard a few things already. And the parents are like, No, not my child. I lock their phone. Yeah, but you don t lock their friend s phone. I feel bad whenever I say something that s kind of, like, risqué whenever parents bring a four-year-old, five-year-old, six-year-old. And, yes, it happens. Then I feel bad. I ll meet em after the show and I m like, I am so sorry for what you heard me say. And it s always funny to see the parents say, Oh, they hear worse at home. Nothing like watching a four-year-old confirm that. You know, just– [groans, chuckles] Like, for example, my son. He s 18 years old, but he still doesn t cuss at home. Okay? Whatever he does in public, I have no control over. But at home he knows he cannot cuss. One time. One time in, like, 13 years I caught my son cussing at home, and I couldn t even get mad. He had fallen down the stairs. [laughs] I don t mean to laugh, but think about it. What am I gonna do to him that s worse than what he just did to himself? I heard it too. [screams] [imitates clattering sound] Son of a bitch! [imitates thud] I ran over. I didn t even check his safety. I was like, What did you say? Hey, you earned that one. I said, If you want to say the F-word, next time let me push you. That s when I knew he fell hard. Really?  No. Get up here. Come on. [laughs] Cool. Welcome, you guys. Hope you have a good– I know you re getting nervous, Dad. You re like, What s he telling my son? No, nothing. Being cool. But thank you for trusting me to bring your kids to the show. Yeah. -[applause] -Or your young adults. Sorry. Thank you for trusting me to bring your young adults to the show. By the way, I know I keep pointing at people in the front right here. [chuckles] If you re here tonight… with someone you have no business being here with… and you see a camera coming by, just be like, Hey. [hisses, grunts] Victory! They re very respectful. They ll go to the next person. Don t even worry about that. [laughs] Before I forget, you guys, I would like to thank the Allstate Arena for providing some amazing accommodations backstage. [audience cheering] Let me tell you right now, I love my dressing room for the simple fact that it has basic things that I really like, like light switches. A lot of these arenas are now starting to go green. So they re taking away the light switches and they re replacing em with sensors. Sensors are cool when they work. Know what I mean? You re ten feet away, it senses you, and the whole room just– [imitates electrical hum] What I don t like is when they re messed up, you have to walk into a dark-ass room and establish your presence. [imitates electrical hum] But then you stand still for four seconds. [imitates hum stopping] Shit! [imitates electrical hum] In addition, backstage my sink has knobs on it. I have control of the temperature and pressure of the water, which in the Chicago area, I believe, is very important, especially in the winter. Oh, man, you guys are no joke in the winter. You need warm water when you wash your hands. You can t rely on a sensor that gives you nothing but cold water, cause you wash your hands with cold water, your hands get all cryptic. You go outside, people are making fun of you. Lookit. ‘Thriller.  My dressing room, you guys, has a sink that has hot and cold– You can control the water. You can control the temperature. You can control the pressure. I hate it when they take that away from us and replace it with that little sensor. So now, in addition to being a comedian, now I gotta be a magician. I m not a magician, but if you watch me wash my hands, that s what I look like. Nothing. Then you walk away. [imitates water running] I feel like there s someone behind the mirror messing with me. Watch this. [imitates water running intermittently] Some places stop there. Some places keep going. I like a lot of soap when I wash my hands. I like a good soap dispenser. I like the, you know, the pump, the– [imitates soap dispenser squirting] I hate it when they take that away from us and then they replace it with that little spout that goes next to the faucet. You stick your hand under it, and it gives you that little booger of soap. You know what I mean? That little moco. You put it under. You– [imitates dispenser spitting] You need more. So you pull it out and then go back in. But the sensor s like, No. It s still you. Now you gotta trick it, right? Once you get enough soap on your hands, you gotta try to wash it off. But you can t wash it off then because the timer for the water has timed out. So now you have to back up and now you have to put on a second performance. Now it s a race to get that soap off your hands. Once you get the soap off your hands, now you gotta try to dry your hands. Some places still give you a towel. Some places give you paper towels. Some take the paper towels and put em in a box on the wall with another sensor. And there you are. [imitates dispenser humming, paper tearing] Three inches of paper. Three inches, Chicago. You can t do anything with three inches. Ask any woman. They ll tell you. Or a guy. I m equal opportunity. I need control of the paper. I need the crank, the– [imitates dispenser cranking] [imitates paper tearing] [squeaking sound] Some places stop there. Some places keep going. Have you ever walked into the bathroom stall… close the door, locked it, turned around, looked at the toilet and seen a blinking red light on the wall? And you re like, Really? Here too? All you re trying to do is get the tissue paper off the wall for the toilet seat. You take one step– [imitates toilet flushing] I haven t even done anything. You grab the paper. [imitates paper crinkling] [imitates paper whooshing] [imitates toilet flushing] Hey! [imitates paper crinkling, whooshing] You turn around and you put it on like a cape. [imitates paper whooshing] And you let it slide down your back while you slowly try to time it just right. Just as you re about to sit down, somebody walks into the bathroom and distracts you. [imitates door clicking] Huh? [imitates toilet flushing] But it s too late. Your knees are bent. And unless you do CrossFit, you re not coming back from that one. Then your bare ass touches the seat… and you re like, Aah! And just when you think it can t get any worse– [imitates toilet flushing] And all this water s splashing up, hitting you right in the ass. And then the water goes down the drain and it creates that air vortex that goes right between your legs. So now you have a tsunami in the back, you have a tornado in the front. And who s the victim? [high-pitched voice] Pikachu. And he s holding on for dear life. You haven t even made magic yet, and you ve already been violated by plumbing. Now you do what you need to do. You finish. Now it s time for clean-up, time for maintenance. So you reach over for the toilet paper. And the problem with using the restroom nowadays is that most venues, including this one, instead of putting a human-size toilet paper roll inside of the human-size toilet paper roll dispenser… they take their ass to Costco or Sam s Club or one of these places where you buy in bulk, and they buy that giant gorilla roll of toilet paper. Then they come back here and they force it into that little tiny compartment… and then they close the door on it. [imitates door latching] So now this giant wheel is locked in place. You can t even spin it. You re just– [grunting] You can t even find where it starts because they glue it. Out of desperation you gotta pull out your car keys and cut into the side of it like a bag of cocaine on Narcos. Then you get the paper. [imitates paper whooshing, snapping] You try to wipe. [imitates scraping sound] [screams] Chicago, a year from now, a year from now I am predicting that they are going to take 100% control of the restroom. You re gonna be sitting there, and you re gonna think of me cause you re gonna see it. You re gonna look over to get the toilet paper, and there s gonna be a blinking red light on it. And you re gonna be like, Oh, my God, Fluffy called it. And what are you gonna have to do? [chuckles] [imitates dispenser humming, paper tearing] One sheet. [imitates dispenser humming, paper tearing repeatedly] You re gonna get frustrated and just sit on it, just– [imitates dispenser humming constantly] [imitates paper tearing] Sorry, bro. I know that was a lot of culo I threw at you right there. [laughs] She s like, It s like Magic Mike. [laughs] I am so sorry, bro. That was a lot. Damn! Yeah. You guys, I understand. I understand why they do this to our restrooms, why they put sensors in places, because they re trying to save energy, they re trying to save water. I live in California. We need water. Okay? We do. But some places need sensors, some places don t. Some places are good at teaching us how to conserve energy and conserve water. Some places are horrible at it, like the hotel that we re staying at. They have a very basic thing that they do. They have a little cardboard sign that hangs on the towel rack in the bathroom. All it says is, Please help save water by reusing your towel. On the back, a diagram shows you the millions of gallons of water that are saved every year when people reuse their towel. I reuse em at home. I got no problem doing that at the hotel. It s my towel. Some people don t want to reuse their towels. They re like, That towel s dirty. Well, if that towel s dirty, then you suck at showers. Because theoretically that white towel should be white every single time you use it. But, no, people like to roll it up and then go expert mode with it. And now you waste more water trying to get that out. Like I said, some places are good at teaching us how to save energy, save water. Some places are horrible at it. I was at a university not too long ago very close to here. And this university has a lot of money, so much so that they have their own private police department on campus. It s only for the campus. Now, that s not a big deal. There s a lot of colleges that have their own on-campus police. The difference is this college, somehow or another, wound up giving the police department Priuses to use for their patrol cars. -[scattered cheers] -Some of you already know the university. Now, look, this is not even a joke. My thing is that, if you re an officer of the law… it s your job to fight crime. The first thing that people see when you arrive on a scene is your mode of transportation. Your vehicle needs to establish dominance of the situation before you set one foot outside. In California, over 65% of California Highway Patrol officers now drive SUVs. So when you get stopped over there, you feel it. You re intimidated by it. [imitates loud engine slowing] [imitates siren blaring, horn honking] And people jump out on the freeway. Don t kill me! Now, imagine getting stopped by– [imitates high-pitched motor slowing] Don t let me get stopped by a cop in a Prius… with attitude. You know why I stopped you? [laughs] Cause I let you? Imagine the first time they did a DUI stop. The cop probably didn t even get out of the car. He just stayed on the radio. Sir, step out of your vehicle right now.  Okay. Okay. [imitates door slamming] All right. Is that a Prius? I must be drunk.  Sir, walk the line.  Okay, all right, all right, all right. Officer? [coughs] If I gotta go to jail, can you call a real cop car to pick me up?  Stop being a smart-ass. Walk the line.  Okay. Hey, real quick, real quick, real quick, real quick. Hey, hey, hey, charge my phone.  That s it. You re going to jail. [clicks tongue] Aah! [imitates high-pitched motor] [chuckles] I don t know, man. -[man shouting] -A lot of time– Yes, sir? ¿Qué pasó? [audience members shouting] I love you too, bro. Give me cake, sugar-free. [laughing] Thank you. I gotta be careful. I almost slipped right there. He s like, I ll catch you. Yeah, you ll catch me, you ll catch me and you ll catch me. It s like SeaWorld without the water. I gotta start being careful, you guys, because I m noticing now, after six specials, that a lot of my material, a lot of my stories are starting to come back to haunt me. Some of them in good ways, some of them not so good. For example, in 1997… on TV one time, one time, I said, I love chocolate cake. One time. Nineteen years later, people are still bringing me chocolate cakes. That is crazy. I mean, think about that. Nineteen years ago, and I m still getting cake. I ve only said it one time. Next thing you know, I talked about how much I love diet sodas. Next thing you know, people started bringing me diet sodas. In the following special, Aloha Fluffy, I started talking about how my son s growing a little bit older and the hormones are kicking in and he needed to use deodorant. Next thing you know, his friends started bringing deodorant and people started bringing deodorant to my shows for me to give to my son. In that same special, Aloha Fluffy… I told a story, a story that went viral, called The Racist Gift Basket Story. [audience cheering, applauding] The story itself is about 15 minutes long, okay? I m gonna give you the three-minute version of that story so you understand what s going on. Basically, Martin and I are doing a show in Sacramento, California. We re driving from LA to Sacramento. We re passing through a small town called Fresno. As we re passing through Fresno, we reach out to the local promoter who does the shows there. We re good friends with him. And he tells us, you know, cause we re trying to have lunch– And he goes, He s busy. But by the way, G Reilly s in town. And we re like, Oh, shoot, our friend G Reilly s in town.  He s at the hotel.  All right, he s at the hotel. We knew exactly where he was at. So I say, Martin, how about we go and visit G? Martin goes, Let s stop by. I figured first let s pick up some sodas, some drinks so we can surprise him. We get to the market. We walk in the door, we see a whole pile of gift baskets. Martin goes, We should get him a gift basket. I said, Martin, G Reilly doesn t like gift baskets, okay? He doesn t like the fancy wine and the fancy cheese and the sausage. He definitely hates crackers. -[audience laughing] -You don t even know why that s so funny. -But anyways– -[audience laughing] I said, How about this, Martin? He doesn t know we re coming. Let s have fun with him. How about we make him a racist gift basket? And Martin goes, What s that? I go, You know, Martin, a racist gift basket, a gift basket designed to have fun with whatever race you re trying to mess with. Now, in G s case, he s black. It was easy. Now, I say easy not to be an ass. I say easy because there are so many stereotypes attached to African Americans. So we had this empty gift basket. What did we put in it? Fried chicken, watermelon, Kool-Aid, grape soda, barbecued potato chips, sunflower seeds, an Ebony magazine, a Chris Rock DVD called Bigger and Blacker, Magnum condoms, Newport cigarettes, a rack of ribs, the recipe for corn bread. We put everything but a white girl with a big ass in the basket. We wrapped it up really nice, we put a big bow on it and took it to the hotel. We had the girl at the front desk deliver it to his room. Martin and I are waiting in the hallway where he can t see us. So she knocks on the door. [imitates knocking] G Reilly opens the door. She gives him the gift basket. He says, Thank you, closes the door. [imitates door closing] Martin and I run to the door, and we start listening to him opening up the gift basket. As he s opening it, he s getting excited. And he is enjoying every single thing he is pulling out of that basket. He is loving this basket until he realizes it s a practical joke, and then he freaks out because he read the greeting card. The greeting card freaked him out because now he thinks that the KKK sent the gift basket. Some of you are like, Why does he think that?  Cause that s what we wrote. If you re gonna do a practical joke, you go big or you go home. So he freaks out and he tries to run out of the hotel room. As soon as he gets in the hallway, he sees Martin and I laughing and he puts two and two together. So then he cusses us out. He forgives us, gives us a hug, high five, we go back in his room. And then I eat his chicken. What winds up happening is that story goes crazy on Comedy Central. People are giving em a hard time. They pull it. Next thing you know, I upload it through YouTube. Ten million views it gets on YouTube. Then they flag it because the word racist is in the title. So it gets pulled off. So then I reupload it. It gets another ten million. Then I had people share it. All in all, the video s probably gotten about a little over a hundred million views. So here s what happened. Just like… the chocolate cakes– [audience laughing] the diet soda… and the deodorant… before you know it, people started bringing me… Mexican racist gift baskets. Now, when it first started happening– Listen, guys, I m not gonna lie. It was actually kind of cute because it was only other Mexicans bringing me these Mexican racist gift baskets. It started in LA after a show. This one guy walks up to me with a basket, and he s like, Hey, what s up, homey? Got you a racist gift basket. I said, We re the same race.  Hey, whatever.  All right, whatever. I take it backstage, and all the items in the basket made it to my house. There was a Mexican blanket with a tiger on it, a bunch of bottles of Fanta, bottles of sangria, Vicente Fernández CDs, Mexican candy, pan dulce, sweet bread, mazapanes. Everything made it to my house. Now… the more East Coast we started traveling and the more Down South we started performing… the more… creative… the gift baskets started getting. Fast-forward to Mobile, Alabama. [audience laughing, oohing] Oh, it gets good. Earlier tonight, before we kicked off this special, my friend Martin was out here making a couple of announcements. One of the announcements that he made was, If you brought a gift, please hold on to it until after the show. Don t bring it to the stage. It could interrupt the flow of the performance. The only reason why he makes this announcement every single night is because of one show in Mobile. So here s what happens. I tell the entire Racist Gift Basket Story, the full 16 minutes, right? As soon as I finish, a guy from the back of the theater rushes the front of the stage. Now keep in mind this area is full. In Mobile the aisle was right up the middle. So the guy had a clean shot to me. He hauled ass like it was The Price Is Right all the way down. [imitating motor revving] Much like tonight, there was security there that night. Security sees the guy with the basket, but no one thought to stop him. All they did was, [Southern accent] That s pretty.  Oh, that s nice. That s pretty, yeah. So the guy makes it all the way to the front, takes the gift basket, and he puts it on the stage. Now he s heckling me from where you re sitting. I m standing here and he s like, Fluffy!  What s up, dude? [Southern accent] I got this for you. Thank you. Open it. I go, Sir, we re in the middle of a show right now. I says, I appreciate the gift. That s very nice of you. But how about this? I ll open it after the show.  Oh, come on, Fluffy. I wanna see your face.  Sir, how about this? How about you take the gift basket and bring it to the side where security s at? And I ll have security escort you behind the curtain. And then I ll open it up backstage with you in front of me. How s that? And he s not taking no for an answer. Now the problem is the crowd just saw me tell The Racist Gift Basket Story, and all of a sudden there s a guy with a gift basket. They have no idea I m not affiliated with freakin Duck Dynasty in the front row. So now I m trying to defuse the situation before it gets crazy, but he s not taking no for an answer. Next thing you know, he does something no other audience member has ever done in my 19-plus years as a comedian. He takes the whole crowd away from me, flips em, and then uses em on me… in five seconds. It was the most amazing, horrific thing I have ever witnessed. This is all he did: [Southern accent] Come on, Fluffy! We wanna see your face! We wanna see your face! We wanna see your– He gets 2,000 people behind him to start chanting. [whispering loudly] We wanna see your face. We wanna see your face. It was very evident this was not the first rally he s ever led. The crowd is so loud, I can no longer hear myself over the monitor. So I m like– I lost. So I get on my hands and knees. I put the microphone down, I grab the gift basket, and I start tearing it open. I reach in. Forget about pulling out Mexican soda, Mexican candy or a Mexican blanket. This dude was a pro. I started pulling out gardening tools. I m pulling out a rake, a toy shovel, a toy leaf blower. [Southern accent] Dig deeper, Fluffy! Dig deeper! I pull out a soccer ball. I go, Dude, it says Puerto Rico.  They ran out of Mexico. I pull out a brick. I go, What s the brick for?  The wall. I pull out an actual application for US citizenship. [audience gasping] I said, There s no way this can get any worse.  Dig deeper! I was wrong. I pull out an old-school box of Crayola Crayons. You know, the 64-pack that has a sharpener in the back? -[cheering] -Okay. There s a window on the front of the crayons so you can see all of the colors that are in the box. All of the crayons in the box are brown except for one white crayon right in the middle. And I said, What the hell is that supposed to mean? And he looks at me and he says, Welcome to my world. The crowd is laughing so hard, I know for a fact I don t have a joke that s gonna follow that. So I made like that was the end of my performance. I picked up the gift basket. I said, Thank you, Mobile! [imitates audience cheering] And I gave the guy a dirty look. Motherfucker! I go behind the curtain. Martin is waiting behind the curtain. And Martin s like, Bro. You killed it out there. I go, Martin, they weren t laughing at my jokes.  What were they laughing at? And I showed him the application. And he s like– [screams] You re not my friend. Not my friend. So I walk into the dressing room, you guys, and I m pissed, man. I walk in. I close the door. [imitates door slamming] Put the basket down. I m scratching my head. I m trying to think, What could I have done to have prevented that from getting to where it went? Should I have grabbed the gift basket, moved it out of the way? Should I have had security grab the guy? Grab the gift basket and the guy? Every idea that I m coming up with is ending worse. Finally, I accept it. I jump in the shower. I get out. I get dressed. Security shows up. [imitates knocking] Mr. Iglesias?  Yeah.  Ready?  Yeah, yeah. Give me a second. I grab my backpack. I put on my backpack. I walk over to the door, open up the door. Let s go. He sees the gift basket on the chair, and he s trying to be nice. I ll get that for you, sir.  Uh– Yeah, bring it. Bring… Never know when you might need an application. So now he s escorting me out the back door of the theater into an empty parking lot on our way to the tour bus that s at the very end of the parking lot. We re walking for a good four minutes. All of a sudden, I hear this: Fluffy! Whoo-ooh! Fluffy! Flu-Flu-Flu-Flu-Flu-Flu-Flu-Fluffy! Hoo-hoo, Fluffy! I m like, Is he hog-calling me?  I believe so, sir. It s the guy that gave me the gift basket, and now he s standing next to the tour bus. So there s no way I m gonna get past him. So I m like, Man! So we stop walking. Security s like, Would you like me to call for backup?  You don t need to. He s not gonna hurt me. It s just gonna get really weird. I pull out my cell phone, and I m trying to text Martin. Come on, Martin. Get over– He s not replying. The guy gets tired of waiting next to the bus. So now he s walking towards me, but he s doing it in a really weird way. He s walking towards me like I m a dangerous animal. Okay? He s doing this: Fluffy. Fluffy.  I m not gonna do anything! And he walks over, and he s just ranting. All right, look here, Fluffster. First and foremost, let me just tell you something right now. I ve been watching your comedy for about seven years now, and my favorite joke that you tell is when you give that gift basket to your colored friend G. Man, first time I heard you tell that joke, I wanted to laugh really hard, but I couldn t, right? Cause I was at a bar sitting next to two black people. You can t laugh at a black joke in front of black people cause they get all uppity, start chanting civil rights and Rosa Parks and shit like that. And, hey, I voted for Obama, but it s too soon to laugh. You know what I m sayin ? Anyway, I took my happy ass home, and I got on the Internet, and I Googled ‘Racist Gift Basket, and your joke came up, and I had me a good old laugh, and I says, ‘You know, I love Fluffy s sense of humor. He likes to push the envelope with his friends, and he doesn t allow political correctness to interfere with a good friendship. At the end of the day, you re still friends, you still love each other, you still respect one another. I said, ‘Hey, if the Fluffster ever shows his ass here in Mobile, be first in line to get me one of them tickets. And you came! So I tell my friends, ‘Let s go! Let s go see the Fluffster. I said, ‘But first, I d bet you anything he d appreciate it if somebody were to get him one of them gift baskets like he got G. Except we got you the UPS basket.  UPS basket?  Yeah, ‘What can brown do for you? So– [audience laughing] The problem is you didn t laugh. You got offended, and I didn t want you to get offended, Fluffster. I wanted you to laugh. But the problem is, is that, you know, I didn t need you thinking that Mobile was a horrible place and we were horrible people. We were just trying to have fun with you the same way you had fun with G. We work very hard here, 40-plus hours a week myself. And the amount of money and time that we put into that gift basket is only because we love you. Hey, you have any idea how long I was on the goddamn Internet trying to find an application for US citizenship? In English? Are you shitting me? Everything s in español. Hey, I voted for Obama. I ain t got time for that. The bottom line is that I m sorry for interfering with your performance. It ll never happen again. I just wanted to say I m sorry, and hopefully you ll allow me to take a picture with you. I m sorry. And I was like, Oh, my God, I m a dick. I said, Listen, sir, you don t have to apologize. I should apologize. I didn t handle the situation the right way. But you gotta look at it through my eyes. I ve never had anyone take an entire crowd away from me.  That was pretty good, huh?  Will you listen? Yes, that was pretty good. Look, I m very sorry that I got upset. First time that happens. I won t let that happen again. You don t have to apologize. I will be happy to take a picture with you.  Now, see– Now, see? That s what I m saying right there. That s what I m saying right there! All my friends are like, ‘To hell with that beaner. I said, ‘Nope. Nope. That beaner is good people.  [audience applauding, cheering] And then he pulled out his camera, right? [imitates camera ratcheting] And he tries to hand this disposable FunSaver camera to this 19-year-old security guard who s never handled that level of technology. He puts the gift basket down. We hand him the camera. He s looking for an app. He s looking for a screen. Meanwhile, the guy wants to pose with his arm over my shoulders. He s a little shorter than me, so I gotta do this one right here, okay? He s got me in this headlock, and he just starts talking. Look here, Fluffster. Let me just tell you something right now. I really appreciate what you do. I m gonna continue to pray for you, your family, your friends and your success because what you do is a godsend. It really is. In these times, you make people smile, you make people laugh. We need more of that in our lives. Look, I m not trying to blow smoke up your butt, but look. I don t have children, but if I ever had one of my own, I d hope he d have your spirit. God bless you.  Listen. Thank you. Thank you very much. [audience cheering] Hey, buddy, listen. If there s anything I can do–  Hey, b-b-b-b-bah. D-Don t do that. Don t do that. Don t do that. Don t say what you don t mean. Let s just take a picture. Don t say what you don t mean if you don t mean it.  If there s anything I can do, please let me know.  Hold up the application. Chicago, I love you. Thank you. Have a great night. Thank you so much. Thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you, thank you! [song intro] [audience cheering] ? Hey, it s Fluffy ? ? Hey, it s Fluffy ? ? It s time to say hello ? ? This is The Fluffy Show ? ? Hey, it s Fluffy ? ? It s time to let you know ? ? This is The Fluffy Show ? ? Hey, it s Fluffy ? ? Mmm, you re Fluffy, automatic ? ? Break it down, systematic ? ? Healthy, husky, Fluffy ? [Fluffy] Damn! ? Drive-thru fanatic ? ? Ladies, check out the figure ? ? Curvaceous and climactic ? ? Man, he s hotter than a tan on a Jersey Shore fanatic ? -[Fluffy] Uh-uh, look here, Nacho Libre -?Fluffy ? ? Mr. Fabulous in Road Trip ? -? Fluffy ? -? The palm tree to your toothpick ? -[Fluffy] Oh, hell, no! -? French braider, laugh instater ? ? Crackin smiles to South Decatur ? ? Fits and giggles instigator ? ? Fluffalicious makes it greater ? ? It s time to say hello ? ? This is The Fluffy Show ? ? Hey, it s Fluffy ? ? It s time to let you know ? ? This is The Fluffy Show ? ? Hey, it s Fluffy ? ? Yeah, yo, Fluffy, what s the status? ? ? Sho nuff, yo, who s the baddest? ? ? Yo, hit them funny bones with them comedic acrobatics ? [Fluffy] Martin! ? Feel the force, boy Quit all the chatter ? ? I ll just get more Fluffy ? ? Hopefully the chocolate cake gets fatter ? [Fluffy] Mmm, chocolate cake -? Fluffy ? -? Worldwide to Cali-fresh, yes ? ? You got your Hawaiian shirt pressed? ? [Fluffy] Oh, my God, yes ? He s full of soul and built tough like King Kong ? ? Everybody stand up, fluff it up ? -? And sing this song ? -? Come on ? ? It s time to say hello ? ? This is The Fluffy Show ? ? Hey, it s Fluffy ? ? It s time to let you know ? ? This is The Fluffy Show ? ? Hey, it s Fluffy ? [people chattering] ? It s time to let you know ? ? How to do the Fluffy Flow ? ? It s time to say hello ? ? This is The Fluffy Show ? ? Hey, it s Fluffy ? ? It s time to let you know ? ? This is The Fluffy Show ? ? Hey, it s Fluffy ? ? It s time to say hello ? ? This is The Fluffy Show ? ? Hey, it s Fluffy ? ? It s time to let you know ? ? This is The Fluffy Show ? ? Fluffy ? ? It s time to say hello ? ? This is The Fluffy Show ? ? Hey, it s Fluffy ? [Fluffy] Oh, my God, yes

ERIK GRIFFIN@THE UGLY TRUTH@2017@Ladies and gentlemen, live from Laugh Factory Long Beach, Erik Griffin! Hey! What s up, Strong Beach? Um… I m feeling special for this special, right? Uh… I m gonna be honest with you, the ugly truth is, I wanted to be in shape for this. I had big plans, too. I was like, I m gonna get in shape. Um… hurt my ankle, um… Hurt the ankle. Wish I had a good story, like, I was out on the basketball court and these young kids was like, you can t guard us, old man. I was like, please, crossover, crossover! That s not what happened, um… I was actually on my way to a basketball game, opened up the car door and stepped wrong, you know? That s some old fat shit right there. And then when you sprain your ankle, you do this weird thing where you go like this. Ahh! Ohh! Oh, my God, oh, my God. And then when I was doing that, I sprained the other ankle. So, I needed to go to the doctor, okay? Um, went to the foot doctor, right? And this bitch, right? She looks… She looks at me and goes, you need to lose some weight. And I was like, looking up at her, like, um… cool. But can we discuss my ankle? This one is swollen and… You probably should start exercising. I want to do that. But my ankle… Bitch, man. I m telling you, you would only say that to a man, you know what I mean? You could only… Can you imagine a woman? You imagine… Ladies, you imagine a doctor looking at you and going, you re fat and you eat too much. You would kill yourself. It s much harder to be a fat guy than it is to be a fat girl, I ll tell you that right now. But of course, women are always like, you don t know the pressures of being a woman. Hey, there s no fat guy empowerment song on the fucking radio. There s no All About that Bass for dudes. But every single year, there s some new song. Big bitches unite! Woo! Big bitches unite! You know what I mean? Every single year, you know? ? Big bitches unite ? ? I m a big bitch and you know it ? It s like… And we coddle… We like to coddle fat people, you know. You should feel good about you! No. What the fuck are you talking about? I tell the doctor, I… She says to me, she s like, I say, I was gonna work out, you know. She was like, well, listen. The real problem is fork-to-mouth. You know what I hate when you tell your friends? I told all my friends, I m gonna lose some weight, watch. They… Everybody becomes the food police. You know, when you re… Everybody becomes the food sheriff? Every time you reach for food. I thought you was, uh… I thought you was trying to lose some weight. Everybody s a nutritionist all of a sudden, too. Ooh, that s not good for you, that s not good for you. I thought you was… I thought you was trying to lose some weight. I m in church trying to get communion. Ooh, that s a lot of Jesus. How much Jesus you gonna have? Why you take peanut butter up there? What you trying… Mind your fucking business. What I m doing with me and my Lord is none of your business. And then, what… You know what really pisses me off? When they re hungry, you know? When your friend… When they re hungry, they… Hey, let s go to Fat Burger! What? I m an addict. I can t go to… Fat Burger s like going to the club, I m in there like, oh, shit! I m like, they re playing my jam. Is that bacon sizzling? So of course, I fall off the wagon, I get the double king burger with the Oreo cookie shake and the chili cheese fries. My friend turns to me. I thought you was, uh… I thought you were trying to lose some weight. Hey, bitch. We re in Fat Burger. It s in the name. Fat Burger… They re not trying to hide. This isn t a wellness center up in here right now. That s when they want to look at the menu and tell you what you should ve ordered. Well, they have a veggie burger on a gluten-free bun. Shit. That s like going to a whorehouse and cuddling. Um, I m here to fuck, so… Bring out these Asian girls with the fat burgers, please. So my doctor, though, I m sitting there and she tells me, since you can t work out, I m gonna put you on a calorie diet, she said. 2,000 calories a day. That sounds like a lot to me. But apparently, calories are on some kind of peso exchange rate. You have no idea how much calories are until you start counting the shit. Let me tell you something, 2,000 is like, a muffin, two basil leaves, and some Vitamin Water, about that much right there. So I have no idea, so I go to the restaurant, you know, and I m like, okay gotta count calories. But I still don t know, I m like, let me get an appetizer. Uh, let me get the onion ring loaf. Just bring me the onion ring loaf appeti… Okay, that s 2,000, all right. Um, this is probably 250, 275 calories. This shit was 3,000… 3,000 calories for the… That fucks off my whole day and half of tomorrow. And I m still waiting on baby back ribs. Had the key lime pie for dessert, had a potato, had a Coke. Had ranch with the… With the onion rings, ranch. Do you know how bad for you ranch dressing is? Let me tell you something. This much ranch right here, that s like 500-700 calories. That s the devil s love juice right there. The devil s in every kitchen going… Aah. Okay, good, I m saving lives in here right now. The next time you order ranch, you gonna see this. Ahh! See, the main problem too is how funny fat is. See how we re laughing? Fat is funny as shit. I m an actor, okay? When you… When you re in a… You see the script and it says, you re a thief. Guess what? You re not a thief. It says you re crazy. I m not crazy. When it says you re fat. You re probably fat. When another actor says to your character, you fat fuck! I have a moment of, like… Is that me? Fat is just funny. Fat is the only disease that we just, like, we don t care, we just laugh at it, we make jokes about it. It s the only disease. Obesity kills people every single day, right? But nobody else would be like, oh, there go Cancer Charlie! Ahh! What up, Cancer Charlie! Oh, there go Cancer Tina. No-Titty Tina! What up, girl? Oh, look, you re mortified. See what I m saying? That s my whole fucking point. But if it s somebody fat, you re just like… Ha ha ha ha ha! Hey, hey, hey! Like, it doesn t matter how tragic a story is. If you find out the person s fat, you re not as sympathetic to their plight. They re about to do a movie about those, like… Remember those miners in Chile that got trapped? Like, what if they were fat? You can t… Fat guys in a hole, that shit is funny. All I m saying is it makes a bad situation worse. Like, what if, like, Helen Keller was fat? I know. I know, she s already deaf and blind! Which begs the question, why wasn t she fat? Like, what was her workout, you know what I mean? She wasn t in an aerobic class, cause the teacher would be like, Helen! Helen! Helen! Can this bitch hear me? Helen! She s just standing in the back. She was probably fat. This is a bad example. This is a bad example. Okay, uh… Bad situation worse, okay, like, all right. What if, like, Anne Frank was fat? Aww! I know, the guards would have heard her breathing. She can t even walk in the attic. Like, imagine how mad the family would be. Anne! Would you shut the fuck… up? What? Are you trying to get caught? Who brought this big bitch up here? Was it you? The diary d be full of recipes, you know what I mean? Day four. Apple strudel. She just eating chips. Anne! How does this bitch get chips? How the fuck… We up here starving. It just… It makes a bad situation worse. Maybe you couldn t accomplish the things you accomplish. You know, maybe if it s brain things, you know, Einstein probably still would have been smart, but would we know who Kobe Bryant is? We wouldn t know who Kobe is. It makes your achievements harder to achieve. That s all I m saying. Like, you couldn t have a… A fat Jesus. I mean, imagine the logistics. Trying to get fat Jesus on the cross. I mean, you d have to have a rope and pulley system. They re trying to nail him, he s sliding down, you know. All the miracles would be different. He s walking on water waist deep. I m your Lord. The last supper d be a buffet, you know. Judas would be at the buffet. Really, Jesus? How much ranch you gonna put on that lamb? You couldn t have a fat Moses either, you know? I mean, Moses went on a long walk in the desert. He had all the Jews behind him. Fat Moses would have been like, come on, Jews. Come on, Jews. Ooh… Oh, shit, this is… Goddamn, it s hot as a motherfucker out here. Hold on, Jews! Oh, shit! Woo! Moses need to stop for a second, Jews. Jews, Jews, oh… Anybody else feet fucked up in these sandals? Okay, new plan, Jews, new plan. The promised land is gonna be right here. Look at all this land. Get comfortable, motherfucker, get comfortable. Oh, God. Such a fat fuck. The problem is it s so easy to put on weight and so hard to take it off, right? That s why when I die, I m going right to human resources. I m gonna fill out one of those comment cards. I m gonna change some shit. Food that tastes good should be good for you. If I eat one pound of food, how much weight should I gain? One pound. One pound of Oreos… What the fuck happens to the Oreos? Are we cloning shit inside? We need to figure out this technology, we could feed the fucking world. And what is all this in the toilet? I m still gaining weight. The human body is a wondrous machine, but there s some stuff about it I would change. Like, I don t get balding. Balding doesn t make any fucking sense to me. Right, sir, I see you over there. Like, if hair is gonna arbitrarily leave your body, it should be the ass first, right? You d be showing off. Baby, you better come in here and look at this shit here. I m like a ten-year-old boy back there, look at that as. And look at the balls, look at the balls! The human body is weird. How about this, let s have male and female sexual peaks at the same time, you know? 18 to, like, 27, men are just fuck machines. We wake up in the morning, I gotta make some ranch. This is… Isn t it crazy that that s our sexual peak? Women, your sexual peak is, like, 89. Women are, like, you better come tear this pussy up. Don t make me chase you. It makes me feel like, are men and women even compatible? You know, it doesn t even make sense to me, like, especially sexually, like, men and women, we don t even like sex the same. I think women enjoy sex far more than we do. Half the enjoyment for men is getting to yes. We love that. Hey, you wanna fuck me? No? Okay. You wanna fuck with me? Hey, you wanna have sex? No? You wanna have sex? Fuck you, bitch. You wanna have sex? You wanna have sex? Yes? Ahh! See, we wanna… we wanna be with a thousand women. Every woman wants to be with their man a thousand times. And you just enjoy it better, you love it. Like, the female orgasm is probably the most demonic… You ever see one of those scary movies when somebody gets a demon in them and they re like… Eat my pussy! You know what I mean? It takes over their whole body, like, the female orgasm starts in the leg and they just… Oh, my God! And like, their face looks like somebody hit em with a brick. Then they get super emotional. I fucking love you. I fucking love you! I fucking love you! You make a woman do that, she s like, well, we re getting married, just FYI. Our… our orgasm isn t like that, right, fellas? We re just trying to get rid of it. Get the fuck out of here, you get out of here! Don t you come back in here, you hear me? Not women, man. You know, some women fake it. You know when they re not faking it? I ll tell you right now. They flip you over and get on top. That s what women love that the best, right? They get on top, they re crazy. I fucking love you! I fucking love you! That doesn t feel good. We be down there, like, oh, shit, okay. You just broke my tailbone, we on a mattress. Ooh! That s when they get the ponytail in, too. Ahh! I love you! And then you make it last forever, too. That s what I would change. If you re gonna give women multiple orgasms, let ours last longer than a moment, right, fellas? Right now, we re just… Okay, wait. If you re 18… Not women, man. Women are in there. Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! You can go to the bathroom, come back. Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! You in the kitchen making her a sandwich. Oh, yeah! Oh, yeah! Hey, do you want tomato? Yes! Can you put tomato in the sandwich? Bitch, I m in the kitchen! I m in the kitchen! You need to finish in there. Give us some of that, right, fellas? Give us that… You know why we don t have that? Imagine the mess. It d be… Oh, shit. Oh, shit. Oh, shit. Oh, my God. Oh, shit. Oh, shit. Oh, God. Oh, shit. Oh, shit. Just get a towel, get a towel and I ll… Shit. Put down a bucket, put the bucket down, I told you. Close your mouth, I m a shooter, you know I m a shooter, just… And women will be like… Ugh, stop it! Turn it off! It s on my back, it s on my fucking back, it s on my back! Do you know I got my fucking hair done today? I can t even open my eye. So lose weight, you know what I mean? That s… That s the whole point of this. Lose some weight. So that s why I m a little chubby. Um… just a little bit. Let s get to the shit, like, why I m really here, though. I m here to bitch about shit, you know? I don t know how to let stuff go. I m the don t let stuff go guy. Like, if I… If I pass a store I ve had a problem with, every time I pass that store, I m like this. There goes that motherfucking store. And I bet that bitch is in there, too. See, I… I get… I get pissed off about shit. People piss me off, you know? And if I didn t have comedy, you know what I would need? The Purge, that s what I would need. The Purge. Oh, God, I wish that was real. The Purge is, like, the best concept for a movie ever. So society can blow off steam, murder is legal for one night a year. Man, you walk out of that theater like… Who would I kill? Like, I don t care who you are, you had a purge list in that movie. You were in there, like, okay, that bitch is dead. Even the person you were with, you had a moment of, like… Do you understand that we would interact with each other differently if The Purge were real? Like, if you went to work and your boss was yelling at you, you would be like, um… you know the purge is coming, right? I mean, I m not threatening you. You just acting real purgey right now, that s all I m trying to say. I mean, I m gonna do the reports, but let s tone it down a little bit, let s tone it down. Every relationship, that… It would always get to, oh, you gonna purge me, bitch? Like, we would interact with each other… You know, like, there would be jobs that would disappear, professions, gone. Like meter maid. Gone. Who the fuck would do that job? Airport security. Gone. Black women in customer service. Sorry, boo-boo. Sorry, boo-boo. Nobody s putting up with that bullshit anymore. I m just trying to return something and she back there, well, you need to have a receipt. Oh, you don t got a receipt? This motherfucker don t got a receipt? I can t see your tag. Oh, Tanisha? Um… You know the purge is coming, right, Tanisha? You should probably take this sweater back without the receipt, I m just throwing that out at you. And it s just one night. It was just one night, 12 hours, not even a full day. And they even had an alarm. Like, in The Purge, there was an alarm, like… Purge over, stop killing. I always thought, what if you re in mid-kill? What if you re just in mid… You motherfucker… Shit! Fuck! Ahh! Ha ha! You know I m just playing! Come here! You know I would never… Sit down, boo-boo, sit down. Let me go get that receipt out the car. I had a list of thing I call my purgeable offenses. Things I would purge… I have a list, it s in my phone. I add to it all the time. Like, pedestrians that are walking across the street with that we have the right of way attitude. You supposed to walk across the street with an apologetic skip. You re supposed to hit the intersection like, oh, car, my bad, I ll get out your way. Oh, shit, you in a rush, my bad. Here s how people walk across the street. Purge. They gotta die. They gotta die. They gotta die! Right in the middle of the street. How about these companies and organizations that are asking you to fax them documents? It s 2016. Who the fuck has a fax machine? I don t even have a home phone to hook a fax machine up to. You gotta go to Kinko s and send em a piece of paper that says purge on it. How about this? I love going to restaurants. I eat out a lot. I love to eat out and I love waiters and waitresses, I know it s a tough job. I know there s waiters and waitresses in here and I love you, but I have a request at a restaurant. Write down my motherfucking order. This little up-close magic trick you like to do with your little memory game, I don t give a fuck. Keep that skill to yourself. Go juggle in the circus or some shit, I don t care. Write down… You re giving me anxiety, that s why I need you to write the shit down. Okay? My order is finicky. I ll go as far to say as my order is a purgeable offense, I get that. But I need you to write it down, okay? Like, you know… This is my order. They come over. Okay, everybody is done? Okay, cool. Um… turkey burger. Wheat bun, lightly toasted. Let s get the mayo on the bottom bun, pickles on the side, no tomatoes, let s grill the onions. I haven t even got to the French fries and the salad, and don t get me started on the Arnold Palmer iced tea-lemonade ratio. Here s why I need you to write down my order, cause when you leave the table, this is me. She stopped at another table. How the fuck is she gonna remember all of that? Is this bitch on break? Where s she going now? Now for 20 minutes, I m ruining the whole table, cause this is me at the table. There is no fucking way… There s no way she s gonna remember this order. Here come the burger with tomatoes. Purge. That bitch has to die. She gotta die. How about this? Clubs, bars, restaurants, hotels. Any place that uses cheap toilet paper. Hey, guess what? You re not saving money. I have to use nine times the amount just to put a dent into this mess. You get some Charmin in here. I have a simple rule. If there s anything on my finger… Purge. Yeah, that s… That s dookie, we gotta burn this down. Um… Who s in charge of purchasing? They have to die. I travel a lot, too. I travel a lot. I m a comic, I m always on a plane, I m always at an airport. I fucking hate the airport, okay? First of all, people are the problem, all right? There should be two lines at the airport. One for experienced, considerate travelers and then one for assholes. The asshole don t even know he s the asshole. It s the dude that s overdressed. Too many layers. You know the guy? Three-piece suit, poncho, beanie, wrestling belt buckle, janitor keys, pager, change in his pocket. Hey, are you doing laundry on the plane? Is there some kind of vending machine on this motherfucker I don t know about? And then he s got too many trays, cause he s too cheap to check in his big electronics. You know the big electronics guy? Six laptops, a VCR. Where the fuck are you going with the VCR? Check this in, dude. And then you can t go to the bathroom at the airport, because everybody s in a rush. Pull-out-his-dick-too-soon guy always comes in. The guys know who I m talking about. You know this dude? Just dick out, early, for no reason. There s no business for his dick to be out this early. Like, this is the urinal over here and the door is over here. And he wants to walk in… Excuse me, why is your dick out already? Okay, this is the dick out zone right here, dick out zone. Okay, all this was dick in, this was all dick in. Yeah, over here was dick in, this is all dick in. And then I thought he grazed me with it on the way by. You know, I m peeing and just like… Ooh, is that dick? And it took him too long to put it away, I had to step in. Hey, man. Can you put your dick away? What s it to you? Uh, this is baggage claim, okay, so… Your dick has been out since gate 75. Put the shit away. I tell you the people that get on my nerves the most at the airport is when you re at the gate trying to board. Now, look, I got to… I ve done well for myself, okay? I got a lot of airline miles, I travel a lot. I m in the good group. I got the credit card. I m zone one. They call me first. Zone one. Zone one can board the plane. And you know I got that zone one walk. I m slapping five with zone two. What s up, zone two? Keep working hard, zone two, keep working hard. I can t stand when I m trying to board the plane and these zone seven people are standing in the fucking way. You know, and they re looking at their ticket like they don t know. Is it our turn? Who is it? Oh, it s not… Oh, okay. Hey, riffraff. Can you please get your middle-seat ass out the fucking way? People that made good life choices are trying to get on this plane. Listen to all these zone seven motherfuckers right now. There should be a purge line into an alligator pit, you know what I mean? But I tell you the people you need to set on fire is people with babies. Babies. Oh, fuck you. Babies on an airplane? I m always like… When I see the baby, I m like, hey, where the fuck are you going with this baby? Whoever you re taking this baby to see, tell them to come see you. Hey. Tell Nana get her old ass on an airplane. If she can t fly, get that bitch on a Greyhound, all right? But you know people with babies, they always say, well, we deserve to have a real life, too. No. No, no, you wanted to have a baby. That s your life now, don t put that shit on us. I didn t get to enjoy making this baby, I don t want to deal with this little motherfucker. People with babies shouldn t be allowed to do shit in public for five years. Or until their baby learns the words shut the fuck up. You ever at a restaurant, trying to impress a chick, here comes the toddler cockblocking you in the booth. Hi. Hi! She s pretty. Who the fuck s kid is… I can t stand to see babies out… At a grown folks activity. It s selfish. You know what it is, you know what it is? Parents are desensitized, that s all it is. They don t know all the nonsense that s going on is supposed to be at home. Remember your friend before they had the kid, you would go to their house, you had to use a coaster. You had to take your shoe off to go inside, the walls were clean, there was adult shit on the stereo. Two years later, it s Jumanji in that bitch. Monkeys on the chandelier, you re stepping on toys, Elmo is blasting on the goddamn TV. And they re oblivious. Hey! Come on in. Just step over all these fires, it s fine, we re gonna put them out later. And then they bring all that to a restaurant like the shit is okay. You know what I resent at a restaurant? Is that you have to pretend like you re okay with little kids. You know, you have to be like, oh, he s adorable! Oh, how old is he? Oh, look how fast. He s fast, he s so fast, look how fast he is. Ooh, his little legs are so fast in the restaurant, he s so fast. Let me tell you something. Bringing your little toddler to a restaurant is equivalent to bringing an exotic bird to a restaurant. Imagine you re in the back of a… You just enjoying yourself and all of a sudden you hear… What the fuck is going on in here? Oh, it… It got my bread! It took my bread! Let me tell you the difference between a bird and a toddler. Nothing. The only real difference is how we can respond. At least with a bird, you can be like this. Hey! Get your fucking bird! Who the fuck brings a bird to a restaurant, man? I ll eat this motherfucker, I swear to God. Can t do that with a four-year-old. Haven t you been close, you just want to snatch a kid. Come here! Stop moving! Whose is this? Is this you? Is this you?! You take him, you just throw him on the table. Seat belt that motherfucker. So annoying. But I gotta say, babies are still the worst. People take babies places, I don t know why. You know, two places I can t stand the most. The first one is Vegas. You ever go to Vegas? And there s the young parents with their new kid, you know, the mom s over by the slot machine, pregnant with another one. Hey, you ve already made a bad decision. You gambled on the pull-out and lost. So let s take the little money you wasting on this trip and put it in a college fund so your kid can escape your bullshit. Vegas, listen, young parents, Vegas is over for you, or get a babysitter, okay? I should be able to walk down the strip, I need some pussy tonight! Here you are with your kid. Oh, hey, my kid! You know what? Fuck your kid! This is Vegas! But you guys know the absolute worst place to take a baby is a movie theater. Yeah, you re a selfish bitch. Oh, I know, Batman Superman s out. But guess what? You don t get to see it. Netflix for you, Amazon, Hulu. They re always in the theater like they re helping, too, right? Shh… Shh… Get the bag. Shh… Shh… Is somebody making a latte in this motherfucker? I m in the movie and this woman s breastfeeding. Titty out, no regard. I know it was out, I didn t need to see it, you know what I mean? You know how I know? This is all I heard. You are tearing that titty up. I mean, is there titty for everybody? I mean, is there chocolate on that nipple? Then there s cell phones going off, and let s be honest. Isn t vibrate a ringtone? Your phone is on. Man, you don t hear your phone? It s in the cupholder. Purge. That bitch has to die. The baby dies. I personally… I can t stand people that don t know how to use their cell phone. So annoying, you know. People are so inconsiderate with their phones, you know? Girls will text you an important question and then throw their phone across the room. Hey, what time s the movie? – Every guy gets right back to em, right? – 00. Now we re walking around for 20 minutes. Hello? Hello? Hey, are we going to this motherfucking movie? Hello? That s when they come back, calm down. I m busy, I m not waiting by my phone for you. Oh, for sure, if this was 1987. I m sure you wouldn t be waiting by your one phone that s connected to the den wall. Since we re in 2016, you re literally always waiting by your phone. Too busy taking a selfie. This is me not returning your text. So annoying. My mom is the worst with the cell phone. The absolute worst. She had to have an iPhone, right? My mom s not dumb, she just stopped learning shit in 83. You know what I mean? Like, 83 is when she was like, you know, I don t need any more knowledge. Like, my mom has a fax machine. This bitch has a fax machine hooked up 24 hours a day. Who is faxing you, Mom? She s stubborn. My mom is so stubborn. Like, this is an example. I m in the car with my mom, I m driving. She looks out the passenger window and says, Eric, look! It s Antonio Banderas. Listen, I don t even need a long glance to know that s not Antonio Banderas, okay? I just needed one of these. Ma, that s not Antonio Banderas. She s like, I know Antonio Banderas when I see Antonio Banderas. That is Antonio Banderas. Okay, I m gonna go over why it probably wasn t. Let s open with the 1997 Ford F150 that the dude was driving. But you know what? I m not gonna assume shit. I m gonna give her the benefit of the doubt. Maybe that s the first car Antonio bought and he s feeling nostalgic. He went into the garage, like, you know what? Get me the F150! I m gonna give her that. But I thought the gardening equipment in the back of the truck… and the phone number to his service on the side… I know my mom saw that, but she s so stubborn, she had to come up with a story. Well, Antonio is a nice man, his gardener obviously hurt himself and he is taking his truck back to his place, obviously. My mom had to have an iPhone. I said, okay. She can barely work the remote control to the TV, so I said, okay, I ll get you an iPhone. For the first week, every first text message was completely blank. With a follow-up phone call, Did you get my text? She figured out the texting, right? And then the second week, she ask me these dumb questions. Hey, how do you get out of this window? The iPhone has one button. You would think out of curiosity, she would just press that one button. But apparently, that s the… You know, the… the conveniently placed self-destruct button. My mom is on Facebook, so this is a can of worms in itself. My mom can t figure out that status messages aren t private messages. So she s having a full-on conversation with her sister about going to the gynecologist on one of my pictures. I got friends and fans and people chiming in. Man, your mom s pussy… Now I gotta block her. I had to block her on Facebook and then lie to her. I can t seem to find you. You don t know what you doing, Mom! You know… My mom, she ll… She ll ask a question and the nature of the question, you know, she don t know what the hell she s talking about. Here s a Facebook question from my mom. Erik, when I get a Facebook message on the cell phone, I get that same message on the computer. How do I make that stop? I was like, okay, let s roleplay, Mom. I m gonna be you. I m gonna ask you a similar question. Maybe that ll help you understand. Erik… Scandal came on on the upstairs TV. And on the downstairs TV, Scandal came on. How do I make that stop? Well, she got mad as shit, just so you know. That s not the same thing. She was like, I m not stupid, I know how to do stuff. That s her favorite thing to say. I m not stupid, I know how to do stuff. So I m gonna tell you guys the moment that I was, like, do not call me for customer service for this phone ever again. Here s what happened, my mom uses Gmail. I put the Gmail app on her phone, got her password, boom, boom, boom, save. Now she can go to Gmail on the phone. My mom can t remember her password to save her own life. Now, she s on the computer and she can t log in. You know what she does? She clicks the link forgot my password. That makes you change your password. So boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, change, save. She s working, working, working. Let s go back to the cell phone. The saved password on the cell phone no longer works. You know what she does? Forgot my password. Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, save. Let s go to the computer. Forgot my password. My mom s caught in an iPhone Groundhog Day. And then she calls me on my stepfather s phone mad. You know you got me a faulty iPhone. So now, I gotta rush over there and try to help her out, right? So I… What I did was I sat and watched her for, like, an hour, like this. Now Google is making her verify her identity. She done done this shit so many times, like, bitch, who the fuck is this? So she had to use an alternate e-mail. Okay, my mom put my stepfather s e-mail in, I just wanted to make sure it was okay. I said, Ma, you know you put Michael s e-mail. This is my mom. No, I didn t. Why would I do that? I m not stupid. Ma, I m not calling you stupid, I m just saying, you put Michael s e-mail, do you know you did that? I didn t do that, why would I do that? I m not dumb. So I say, okay. Tell me your theory as to how this e-mail got here. This is what my mother said to me with a straight face. Well, maybe Google knows we re married. Purge. That bitch is dead. She s got to go! You know they say you end up with someone like your mom? That scares the shit out of me. That s why I online date. I like to go… Online dating is great. You gotta go into online dating, but it s just… There s too many sites for people that already have something in common. Like, JDate seems like a stupid site. Jews already know where Jews are. You don t need a site for that. Black People Meet, another dumb site. You know what s the worst? Christian Mingle. Christians already have a place that they should meet other Christians. Are you telling me that Christians are at church going like this? Uh… I don t trust any of these motherfuckers. We should go to the internet, let s go to the internet. Farmers are the only people that should be online. And the reason is is they gotta walk 65 acres to get to the next… By the time you get to the next farm, you like, what s up, girl? It s hot as a motherfucker out here, huh? Anyway, would you like to go out? No? Fuck! You gotta put a sign up. Look, we re all online. That s why I need to know about you, you need to know about me, so let s have all your crazy on your profile. I m just saying, be you. Be who you are currently… online. I don t want to see a picture that s 30 pounds lighter. 15 years younger. Whatever defines you, have that on your profile. When I shake your hand is not when I m supposed to find out about your hook. First date is not hook time, okay? I m not supposed to be like, oh, okay, this bitch has a hook, okay, um… Hey! No, all your pictures should be like… You should be hanging on shit. Fuck you, you can t come with the hook on the first date. And I want to plan a proper date, too. What if I want to do something off the beaten path, I want to take you to make pottery. I m trying to redo Ghost and you fucking it up. Would you use your other hand, bitch? What are you doing over here? No, if I find out you have a hook, I m taking you fishing. You on the side of the boat… You fucking pull out a marlin and shit. Be you online. And don t have this picture, either. From here to here, that s catfishing. That s not enough. I don t know what you are from here to here. You could be anything, you could be a centaur for all I fucking know. You imagine you get on a blind date and some chick is… This bitch is a centaur. Hey! What? Centaur! You know, when you said bring a saddle, I had a whole different… you know. You gotta ride her on the date. Oh, is that your titty? I m sorry. You… This is not enough. She could… She could be a mermaid. Just in water, waiting for you at the restaurant. This bitch is a mermaid. We re at a sushi restaurant. Do you see how that s not a good date? Okay, that s all make-believe. Let me give you a real example. Let s say you seen just this picture. You hitting it off, two, three weeks. Get on a date and she s in a wheelchair. Oh, really? Oh, really? So let me get this straight. I don t know the chick s in a wheelchair and somehow I m the asshole right now? Just cause she texted I m rolling through around 7:00. And you know what? Fuck all of you hypocrites. If this was coming at you at a restaurant… Hey! You d all be like, this motherfucker s in a wheelchair. Hey! Excuse me. Is the centaur still here? Can you… Look outside and see if the centaur is here. What if you, like, you all the way across the room, restaurant, and here she coming in, I ll be right over! Is that your purse? Oh, God, did I spill your drinks? I m so sorry. You re gonna be like, this motherfucker is in a wheelchair. All I m saying is the chair should be in the picture. Is that fair? The chair should be in the picture, you know what I mean? She should be just like… She should be popping a wheelie in the picture. That s like every online profile picture should be this. And you should be able to turn it like a car website. Put different clothes on it. Let me see these titties in a sundress, you know what I mean? Even wheelchair girl should have to do it. Put some spinners on that. Okay. That part was too far, fuck you. But my whole point is I want to plan a proper date. Right? I don t know what… Where the hell I m gonna take… What if I want to go dinner and dancing? What the fuck do you do? You know, if you re… You know, every guy would do the same thing. You just roll her ass out on to the dance floor and just fucking go for this shit. While she s doing the electric slide. Two hops. Please, fuck… The whole crowd would be like, Oh! We doing it! All I m saying is you gotta tell me you re in a wheelchair so I can plan a proper date. You tell me you re in a wheelchair, we re going to Six Flags. We got the good parking out front. And we get to jump the line, too. Excuse me. My boo boo is on wine. So we gotta go online. But have all your crazy, by the way. Not just physical. If you got Tourette s, that s a first date… That should be on your profile, TourettesGirl87. I don t… Dick, pussy, butt, fuck, shit. This bitch has Tourette s. Like, whatever your crazy is, you gotta tell it. Like, let me tell you what happened to me. I went on this date. And we about to order food when she hits me with this little gem. Hey, you know I m a vegan, right? No, bitch. Would we be in this barbecue restaurant? You know why I was mad? She didn t give me the benefit of the doubt. You tell me you re vegan, I m taking you to the broccoli shack. We re going to the celery hut. Wherever the hell you need to go, I m gonna take you there. What really pissed me off is she smoked. She was a smoking… vegan. I told her, I said, that s like wearing a condom with a hole in it. And I don t hate vegans, I m not trying to hate on vegans. I m just saying, you know, don t disguise your nasty food with shit that I like. Don t misrepresent what this is. Like, have you ever had vegan pizza? Ugh. Vegan pizza is like a transvestite. From a distance, you re like this. Well, what do we have here? And then you take a bite. Is that dick? I think that s dick. There s dick on this. Can you get me the real cheese? Listen, you guys have been a very fantastic crowd. Thank you very much for coming out. I love you Long Beach! Thank you. ??

JEN KIRKMAN@JUST KEEP LIVIN ?@2017@Hello. I should use a microphone, really. Hi. Oh, my God. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. That was the perfect amount of applause. I didn t have to stand here too awkwardly long. Thank you for coming. I am Jen. If you didn t know, maybe you wandered in, now you re having a fun time with me. Um… It has been brought to my attention by doctors, some codependent yoga teachers, and everyone who s ever met me that I am high strung. And… it s been suggested… that therapy isn t enough, that I need to meditate. And so, now, I am one of these people who meditates. And by I meditate, I mean, I do not ever meditate. But… I have a meditation playlist, some gongs going, gong, gong. I ve got apps, I think about meditation. I have a meditation chair in my living room. You have one, too. It s just a fucking chair. But… I put a candle next to it and I call it my meditation chair, yeah. And when you come over, I point out to you, Oh, don t mind that, that just, um… That s my meditation chair, yeah. No, every morning I get up and I think about doing it and I don t. I get up and I… sit in it and take a few deep breaths. Don t be intimidated, you can sit in it if you want. Yeah, it s not… Not everyone s on the same spiritual plane, but we don t have any rules in this… happy home with the chair and the… Don t worry about why the candle has never been lit, just… But this one day, I did meditate because I had an important thing to do. I wanted to get a job. I wanted to write and I wanted someone to pay me for it. I wanted to have an interview and I wanted to get it. So, that being said, there were a little nerves in the morning. I thought maybe I ll try this meditation thing that everyone is talking about. And I did about five minutes of meditation. And if you re not impressed with that, then you ve never meditated. Because after five seconds, you re like, Why did the Lord stop time? Five minutes is a long time to clear your mind of things and I did it. And I woke up and came out of it and I was like: Oh, I get what everyone s talking about. I feel… so… Like, I could handle anything. If I didn t have to leave the house today, I could really handle anything. But I did have to leave the house. And so, I got in my car and I m driving in the Los Angeles 9 a.m. traffic. When I saw the green light, I was like, Green s pretty. And I was trying to figure out what green meant, like, on a deeper level. And I m like, Green, what can that tell me? And I didn t realize in that moment, all I needed to know about green is it means fucking go. And so, I m, Green, and I start to slow down. And the people behind me are starting to lose it because they are late for work. And so they re just, beep! and they re honking and their horns, and I m like, Oh, now it s yellow. Oh, red. Oh, that was fun. And I realized… I m stopped at the red light, which is normal, but I really stopped at the green light. And then I realized, Oh, my God, I… I screwed these people. That could ve made the difference between them being early and being late. Guy behind is pissed like: I see him in my rear-view mirror. And I just… I feel so calm, though, because I meditated. Yeah, so… I just turned and give him a wave that just says like, I m so sorry. I m sorry you think you re late for work, but… you don t know what I know. There is no time, so, yeah. I m even embarrassed to say that I heard his horn. That s not very meditation of me. What is a sound, right? That s… That s just the meaning I placed on it, right? I could ve heard anything. I could ve heard butterflies eating candy. So… I m driving, feeling really good about myself, and just, like… Just so much better than everyone else that s so mad. And that s what meditation s for, is to feel superior to others. So… I turned the corner and we go to the next stoplight… and I pull up to it and so does the guy behind me that was all pissed. And I ve got the sunroof open, the windows down. I m just happy as can be. Again, did I mention I had meditated that morning? And the guy next to me, typical what you think of Los Angeles if you ve never been. Producer-looking guy, kind of chomping on his cigar, bald, kind of chubby, in his red BMW, probably 50, two divorces. And he s sitting there and he is pissed at me. And he s in his car… and he just looks over and goes, Hey, dumbass, what were you doing at that light? And I m just sitting in my car like: I meditated today. Can t get angry. What would it be like to kill him? Don t think about that. So, he yells again, Hey, dumbass, what were you doing at that light? Texting your boyfriend? That one got me. Because I didn t have a boyfriend and I was not happy about it. Then I got pissed. I m like, He thinks I m texting my boyfriend? That s what he thinks when a woman makes a mistake in traffic? It s always about a man. Anytime you see a five-car pile up, it s like, ‘Are you coming home for dinner or not?  You know? So, I was like, This guy is not gonna bully me. Fuck this. I don t care about meditation. Everybody gets angry. I m not a goddamn saint. Not that they meditate, but whatever they do. And so, I put the car in park and I stood up in my seat and I put my head out of the sunroof and then I went into the passenger seat. And I leaned over and I went, What the fuck did you just say to me? For those at home watching, this isn t being taped in New York City. He said, I said, what were you doing at that light, dumbass? Now, I didn t wanna tell him, I meditated today and I got loopy at the green light. I didn t want to tell him that because he was mean to me and I wanted to win. I wanted to say something that would make him feel so bad about what he did that he d be like, Oh, my God, I have to think before I speak and put myself in other people s shoes. You never know what someone s going through. Right? So, I said to him something that s true, meaning, I actually said it. The content is not true. I said, What was I doing? I was thinking. I just found out that my mother died this morning. I didn t say I was a good person, I just said I meditated. He goes, You re still a dumbass. And I was like: What kind of person says that to someone whose mother just died? She didn t, he doesn t know. He is a bad person. I am the winner in this story still. And then I just lost it. And I went, Oh, go fuck your car. I don t know what that means either, but I just… I had to keep going, like I knew what I was talking about. Like, Yeah, stick your dick in the tailpipe, buddy. I know who you are. What are you, a producer? Divorced? You had two wives and left both of them for your assistant. And what, you…? You tell young girls you re gonna put them in movies? You don t have any movies to put them in. You re a loser. And the light turned green and he… The light turned green and he drove off. That s what you do at green lights, you drive away. So, as he drives off, he screams, You re crazy. And I was like: And I screamed out of the… Out of the passenger seat sunroof: I m not crazy. I meditated today, motherfucker. Thank you. Which is an ancient chant from the Buddha. So… But then I thought… My adrenaline s going, I m shaking. And I went, Holy shit, all this happened and I meditated today. What if I hadn t, you know? And just a little lesson for you guys, do not call a woman crazy unless you wanna see a woman go fucking crazy, okay? Just don t. Save yourselves. If you wanna see… If you wanna tell a woman she s crazy, just call her calm. It ll just throw us off and the whole thing s dissipated. Just go, Hey, you re being really calm right now.  Oh, thank you. A psychic told me I was calm once. Thanks. What were we fighting about? I didn t even know. So… I m driving and I m like: Okay, just calm down. Adrenaline s coming down. I get to the next stoplight. This stoplight never changes. The guy is there again and I m like, Okay, don t start anything, Jen. Stay in your lane and, literally, do not be or seem crazy. So, I put on some music and I m bopping around happy as can be. Look at me, I m not crazy at all. I wasn t just screaming, ‘I meditated, motherfucker. I am fun and happy. And he s kind of looking at me and he yells into my car, Hey… sorry about your mom. And I m like, Oh, fuck, I forgot my mom died. And so, you know… I suddenly get real upset, I go: Oh, I know, it s been a tough morning. So much paperwork. What? I don t know… What is…? Why would there be paperwork so soon, an hour? If it s real, she lives in Boston, I live in L.A., she died an hour ago, there s paperwork, do I have a fax machine that s like, Someone died, come on, you know? And so, he looks at me and goes, Well, love, we got kind of heated, but I hope you have a good day whatever you re doing. And I m like, You, too, man. And he drives off and I start sobbing. I m like, Oh, my God. So full of emotion, you know. I don t know if it s just my mom or just… I… It just kind of… You know, I ve talked to two people this morning already and I would never do that, but that s the meditation, it brings us together. It s so powerful. So, then I parked the car. I m no longer crying, or passionate, or crazy, or condescending because I m meditating. And I walk in into this meeting, introduce myself, we have a chitchat, they re gonna pay me, I m gonna do the job, I nailed it. I m like, I shouldn t be allowed to do that. I should not be allowed to act normal cause I was acting like a maniac. How come they don t have to know what I was doing. You re allowed into a building and be whatever you want even though you were screaming. I can t believe we do that, but we do. I m like, But registered sex offenders don t get to do that. I feel like, I should… When I get crazy like that, I should be treated like a registered sex offender. Like, they have to go door-to-door. I m your neighbor. I have things in my past. Like, I should have to go to a meeting, like, Hello, I m a nice person, but I just screamed, ‘I meditated today, ‘ in the middle of the road and… But I got away with it. It s like… If you ve ever been going to a party and you re in the car with your partner and just… You hate them and you re like: That outfit doesn t match. What s so funny is you talk about how much you love your mom and she used to put you in these outfits. She fucking sucked at teaching you how to dress. Oh, yeah, I am gonna start in on your mom. Oh, yeah, I am. Oh, yes, I am. Oh, no. No, don t even… No, no, no. Know what? I wanna go to this party for five minutes and I don t wanna look at you. They re my friends, not yours. Then you walk in, Hey, I brought muffins, and you re like… You wanna stay all night. Aren t we having fun? He s in the corner and your friends are like: Isn t she great? And he s like, She s fucking great. And you get back in the car and you forget about the fight from before and you re like, Weren t those muffins great? I m great. And he s just looking at you like, Shut up. I know who you really are. I know you can probably sense I m a bit of a badass. Um… Not… I don t mean because of that story, but you can tell I have a tattoo. I know you can. Um… I have… Not everyone gets one, you know. There s badasses and the rest of you and, um… But I have a tattoo and I m only gonna have one. I think the whole tattoo thing is a lot like kids. Like, first of all, some people want one, some people want none, some people want a bunch, like… And it s all over their arms and it looks like a lot of work. But… But you go to a place, you lay down, there s a lot of pain and you re like: God, I hope I love it. It is permanent. So… So, I m having a tattoo instead of a child. And… So, for me, I m one of the one-and-doner types. So, you know that my tattoo has to be very meaningful, right? If… If you ve ever thought about getting a tattoo, you think about it for a while. I don t wanna get something dumb. I have to have something that means something. And I ve been waiting my whole life to find something succinct that means something that I can put on my body permanently. I thought of something a couple of years ago and I was like: Don t do it, give it another year and if you re still thinking about it, do it. That s what I did. And I was inspired by my friend who got a tattoo of her grandfather s name on her wrist and his birthday because he has an amazing story, so… My… My friend s grandfather survived the Holocaust because he was a Nazi. But… No, that s… Okay. Sorry. That… That s just a fun joke. That is not… I didn t set you guys up, there really is a story about my friend. I just had to throw in because he was… My friend s grandfather survived the Holocaust. And my friend, just like her father and her father s father, and like many of us in this country, suffers from depression and anxiety. And the story he would tell was the survival story of his mind. When he was in the camps, he would say a prayer of gratitude to God and say, I don t… If this has to end this way, fine, but thank you for making me me and not one of the evil people. Thank you for putting love in my heart. And that is mind-blowing. Of course you put that guy s name on your wrist. The most beautiful story I ve heard. And I don t have anyone in my family like that. I… I come from a family of Catholic people from Boston and we don t talk to God like that. We don t like God. We are mad at God and we assume he s mad at us. Jennifer, why would you have gratitude for a bad thing that happened? That means God s mad… Mad at you. He s punishing you. Jennifer, why would you have gratitude for God being so mean to you? Maybe he ll think you like it there and he ll keep you in there. We re not bothering God with all this gratitude unless something good happens. Nothing bad s ever happened in our family, but it could and we re gonna complain in advance and we re gonna stay vigilant. So, no tattoos of anything our family said, please. So, I had to go elsewhere. So, I ll show you my… My tattoo… and then I ll explain. Thank you. It s on my ankle. It s on my ankle. It says, JKL, which stands for JK living, which stands for just keep living, which is Matthew McConaughey s catchphrase. Thank you. This tattoo could not be less ironic at all. I mean it with all my heart. Just keep living… inspires me. And I m not suicidal. But I am a soul trapped in a body. I didn t ask to be born and I m afraid to die. And that s the shit I live in every day. And so… Yeah. I love what you get excited about. Yeah, that s right. We re trapped! Before you judge, or if you think I m just some shallow Hollywood person. No, no, no. There s a story behind just keep living. Just like my friend had a story behind her tattoo of her grandfather. So, I m at the nail salon and I m having a bad day… but I don t know why I m having a bad day. I just don t feel good. Physically, I feel fine. Mentally, not into it. So, I m scrolling through People magazine and I see an article about Matthew McConaughey. Well, he had a tough day once, too. I m not sure why you re laughing. This is very serious. He was filming Dazed and Confused and he knew he was going to be a big star, but his father is dying, so, he was like: Something good and something bad is happening at the same time. Well, I guess I better just keep living. And then that became his catchphrase. And I see you re not as moved to silence by it as you were the Holocaust story. And that s fine. Different things for different people. The thing about this tattoo is it s in an inconvenient place. If my friend is having a bad day, she can remind herself, Not as bad as my grandfather had it, by going like this. I have to be like: I will board this plane in a minute, I m having a bad day, and I need a reminder… Go… Go ahead. Go. Go ahead. People say things about tattoos like, You re gonna regret it. It looks dumb. I m like, It looks dumb now, I m all set. Thank you. I got the, uh… I actually got the tattoo on my birthday last year. Didn t do anything fun for my birthday this year. Got a gift from mom. It wasn t my only gift, but she handed me this piece of paper. Um… She does that now that she s getting older. I don t know if she s made a will, but she seems to send me things and hand me things whenever I see her and it s always a dramatic speech. Jennifer, I had to give this to you because if I die how would you know I had it? I go, I m gonna ransack the house. Yeah, I ll get everything, don t worry. But she give me this thing and it is as old as I am. It is 42 years old. It is the piece of paper they gave her when she left the hospital with me when I was a little baby. I know, so cute. I was 7 and a half pounds when I was born. So thin. Now I am 42 years old and I ve been over this before, you know, when we talk about complimenting women and men, too, of telling people they look young. It s a scary thing. Do not do this to people, okay? Stop complimenting people by saying, You don t look your age. Don t do that. I don t like when women in their 20s are like: Oh, my God, I thought you were my age. Not a compliment. I ve been in my 20s. I don t wanna look like I have four roommates and shitty towels. I don t wanna look like that. So… Thank you. I m the only one I know that loves being called ma am. I love it. I… Whenever someone goes, Your change, ma am, I m like, You noticed. Thank you. Yeah. I have had a really rich and storied life. Yeah. I, um… No, I ve got time to tell you. I had a pager, sure, yeah. I… I was a cashier before scan technology, made change in my head. And I was around when Bruce Willis thought he should record an R&B album. So, yeah. Survivor, seen a lot. Thanks. Anyways, my mom gives me this. This is all they gave you in the 70s when you had a child, a living thing that you had to take care of. Not even 8-by-10. Here you go. Bye. This I found very strange. It says, Friends and relatives, these people are interested in your baby. Oh, thank you. And they want to hold and hug him. Oh, they didn t have girls in the 70s. We must caution you to keep visitors away from your baby. The newborn baby is best kept as much to himself as possible. Which is different than now. I go to my friends houses, they re like: Look at the baby, swaddle the baby, you can breastfeed the baby. It s fine. But in the 70s, it s just like, Joyce, didn t you have a baby?  Yeah, three months ago.  Where is he?  He s in the other room. We haven t taken him out yet. You know, they say, the doctor says too much looking, and touching, and fussing, it… It can lead to a sense of well-being, so we don t want that, we re just gonna… Don t look at him. But… This is my favorite part, we might have to go over it twice if there s any confusion. It explains crying. Why does a baby cry? Well, he s too hot, he s too hungry, he s too thirsty. We got it. Here s one. If it is less than three hours from the feeding, check to make sure there are no pins sticking in him. And change him. So, I ll explain for anyone very young. Velcro, although invented in the 40s, was something they didn t put on diapers. I don t know if they didn t put it on diapers. We didn t have Velcro diapers in the 70s in my house. Whenever we didn t have something, we were told it wasn t invented yet. I d be like, Can we get a microwave? My parents were like, Not invented yet. I m like, Oh, my God, I must be so genius. How did I know there was…? But we… We did not have Velcro diapers. Back then, you d wear a cloth diaper and then they d put safety pins to keep it on. So, that s fine. Make sure no pins are sticking in him. But why must you wait three hours? Can t you…? Can t you feed the baby, put him down in the other room where no friends or family can see him… If five minutes goes by, can you check and see if there s no pins in him? If there aren t, then go, I guess he s gonna cry for a while. But, no, this says three hours. You could see a movie in three hours. But you don t have a VCR back then. So, you have to go to a movie and you can come all the way back, and have 15 minutes left before you check on your kid. Should we check on him?  It says three hours. We don t wanna be smothering.  You re right, we got 15. Make me a drink, then we ll go in, I m gonna… So… I basically know that I was just thrown in another room with pins sticking in me growing up. Which is why I m so comfortable being alone and I do acupuncture. But, um… I travel alone, I went to Italy by myself this year. And it invoked a lot of reactions from people. You would have thought I said, I started a race riot this year. People were like, What? You did what? People are very freaked out with being alone. Like, I love being alone. I think it s great. People are like, How do you do it? How do I decide that I don t like other people and make sure I m not around them? Pretty easy. People are like: I don t even wanna go to the movies alone. Why would you wanna go with another person? What can you do at the movies with another person besides jerk them off or something? There s nothing to do at the movies. And I m a grown woman. I don t care if people think I m a loser for being alone. I was excited for this trip before people started putting a damper on it. My dad was saying, Aren t you afraid of ISIS? ISIS is everywhere. Be afraid of ISIS. I was like, Who… I m a woman. I don t have time to be afraid of ISIS. I m just busy being afraid of plain old men. Are you kidding me? You ever walked by a bar at 1 a.m. when dudes in baseball hats are getting out? Fuck ISIS. ISIS are adorable. ISIS have costumes and beards, look like bartenders. ISIS, they re not… I m not afraid of them at all. So… I m packing for my trip and I m thinking like, Where should I go? Like, you know, I m making list of, like, where I m gonna see and what I m gonna do. Then I Googled just at the last minute, cause I booked a trip to Venice. I just Googled, What are the safest places in Italy where woman don t get raped? – Oh! – Oh! Oh! She said rape. Let me fucking tell you something. Rape exists, I m gonna talk about it. That s not a joke, that s a fact. I looked that up because I didn t wanna get raped. I ll stop talking about rape when men stop raping. So, don t give me your little outrage, Ooh, oh, oh! So… But it s true, there are websites for this stuff. Well, it s just Yelp. There should be… There should be Relp for like, Where will I get raped? Help. And so you go on that website. So… I felt very safe in Venice, and if anyone cares I came out of it unscathed, it was a very safe time. But people were saying to me: Wouldn t you rather wait and go with a man? Not for safety, just it s not fun to go, I guess, without a man. And I m in a relationship and that s what shocked people more. Why isn t he going? ‘Cause I m a comedian, I happen to be in Europe for some work anyway. I thought I d just jaunt over to Italy for a couple days, and he has a job and so he can t just do that. And they re like, He s abusive. I m like, No, no, he just… He just has a different job, and I have free time, and… It d be a waste to not go to Italy, it s just two hours away. And they re like, He should be by your side for this. I m like, It s not chemo. I m just going on a trip. I m just going on a trip. It s all good, they have food there, they have wine, they have people that talk, it s just like here, it s just like here. But I don t understand. Obviously, you wanna sometimes spend time with your partner. But traveling… Why risk the relationship? Why travel with a partner, right? I went to Paris once with my husband. Guess what, now he s my ex-husband. It… You don t have to travel with your partner. It s the time that you see them 24 hours a day and everything they do, you re like: Why are you walking on the plane using your legs? God! When you travel alone, you can eat with your hands. I don t mean pizza. I was eating a salad. I would rub it on. It was great. The only thing that sucked about my trip, and I hate to complain about such a privileged thing as to go to Italy by myself, is that I booked a walking tour cause I love that stuff. And I booked the ghost tours of Venice, which I thought was gonna be so fun. I was reading the website, people were leaving comments. It was so fun, then a theater troupe jumped out at us and they tried to scare us and we saw sites where people got slaughtered back in the 1700s, we heard these crazy ghost stories and we saw secret canals and secret this and secret that. And I was like, I want that. I want all the secrets. So, I signed up for it. And it was my last night in Venice. And so at the last minute, I checked my e-mail confirmation from the company. And I had accidentally booked a private tour. And I was like, No. No. Thank you for understanding. I don t wanna walk alone with someone for 90 minutes. That s my worst nightmare. And they make me meet him on the bridge, like some romance story. And he sees me and he goes, Is it just you? And I go, Yeah. And he goes, Oh, this breaks my heart. And he was doing this big thing. I don t wanna give you the ghost story tour. Oh, it s too sad. You re alone in Venice. Oh, no, no, no. We do the love story tour. I go, I wanna see where people got murdered. Tell me about dead babies. I wanna hear all kinds of crazy shit. And he asked, Where is the man? I don t know if he meant my boyfriend or the man that s coming down on us. I m like, If I knew where ‘the man was, we d all be free, right? And so… I didn t know what he was talking about. He was very concerned, I had to explain, I m in a… You know, like all walking tours start this way, you explain. You re in a relationship, very happy. You re just taking sometime alone. Don t worry. And then I got down on my knees and screamed: Why, God, I miss him! I haven t seen a penis in a week! Oh, God! But then we started the tour. But when… The other problem… Not just being a woman with a man. When you re anybody with anybody, when you re alone on a walking tour, they can start taking advantage of you. So, he was like, Miss, if you don t mind, I don t feel so much like walking tonight. I m like, You picked the wrong job. He s like, I m a little tired. It s been a hard day. I am sad and it s hot. Could we stand here? And so I said yes. I stood under a bridge with a man while he told me stories that were not ghost stories for 90 minutes, okay? And I knew the inevitable was gonna happen. I knew it was gonna happen. He asked me… why I was in Italy. And I said, For vacation. He said, But why alone? I said, All right, I was in London doing some work and I came here.  What work do you do? And I… I don t wanna tell him I m a comedian. You guys, you re nice to comedians when we re on stage, but in real life, people say awful things to us. They find we re comedians they re like, You don t seem funny.  I m getting my fucking colon removed, that s why. So… I always have a lie whenever I check-in to a hotel, get into an Uber. What brings you to town? Shuts them up. My friend s having an abortion. I had to come right in. And it s a guy so it s a weird procedure, so just please leave me alone. I don t wanna… So, I just tell him I m a comedian and then he goes: Madam, this is not a provocation… but your life does not seem interesting enough that you have to go around the world and tell it. And he s right, isn t he? And that was how the tour ended is he said not a provocation and then gave me a big old provocation. And then he did one nice thing. I was trying to look at the positive, I m a meditator. Is he took me to an Italian restaurant. Obviously, I was in Italy. He took me to a restaurant, I don t have to say Italian restaurant. Is this here an Italian restaurant or what? So, he took me… He took me to a restaurant. He didn t sit with me, he just brought me there. And I was actually very grateful because it was on the Grand Canal and if you ve ever been to anywhere, you sometimes don t know what s the authentic restaurant and what is the cheesy tourist place. And so, I said, I never would ve picked this place. I had no idea by looking at the restaurants on the Grand Canal what was authentic and what wasn t, so, thank you for bringing me here. Now he s standing over my table, waiter is bringing the wine, things are starting to happen and he says, May I tell you one more story, then? I go, Okay. He hadn t told me a ghost story yet, so I was like, Maybe this is it. He goes, You remind me, there s a story about perception. You bring up you don t know what restaurant is good based on looks. Isn t that life? You don t know a man or a person, just based on looking at them, what s in their soul. Maybe there s a man and he s fun and he walks and he tells the stories. But then maybe he goes home and he kills himself.  Is that it? He goes, Yes. I go, Okay, well, have a good night. Thanks for the tour. What…? Just keep living. I was annoyed because he never told the horror story. He only told me the love story. I was like, Oh, that s so… I don t… Not everyone s meant for this world. Whatever he wants, I don t care. But I thought, maybe I should complain. Like, I don t wanna get him fired, but I wanna complain and get my money back and then just have the manager just tell everyone, Hey, you know, we can t mess around with the tours. Give people what they want. So, maybe, what if I call the manager right now? What if she was like, Sergio? He did not meet you on the bridge at 7. I d be like, He did. She d be like, Oh, no, ma am, at 6:30 he killed himself. I d be like, Oh, my God, that was the greatest ghost tour ever! Yes. Now you like a suicide joke when it has a little punch to it, right? So, you know, I m a hypochondriac, but not… I don t invent things. It s just that when something happens, I think it s worse than it is, right? I had an incident with my doctor six months ago… where she told me I couldn t come back for a year even if I really was dying. Because I had such a hypochondriacal episode… and made an ass of myself. Now, I wanna tell you the story, but it s gonna be filmed… and now a cliché is gonna be stuck on me. Because the story also involves my period. And people have a problem when women talk about their periods. People. Men. So… the common wisdom that people say is women aren t funny. Okay, great. I can t do anything about that. If you don t think I m funny, check out other women, right? Women is not a type of comedy. Women is a type of person. I think women are people, I m not sure. Anyway, but… Let s take apart why it s so difficult to talk about a period. I think sometimes people just don t know what a period is. And so, a man doesn t wanna hear about it because he s like: I feel stupid. I don t know what it is. And no problem. They didn t explain it to us either. I turned 11, mother said, You re gonna get your period.  What s that?  A thing you re gonna get.  When?  Anytime between now and the next seven years.  Oh, God. And then you re just walking to school like, Gonna get my period. What s my period? Comes out of here. Do I have it? Can anyone see? And so, it s… It s… Here s what a period is. Let s start with education and get to the fun story about hypochondria and my period, right? Here we go. In case anyone doesn t know what a period is, every month a woman sheds the interior of her uterine lining because she s not pregnant, because she s a dirty, dirty whore… who didn t do the one thing God put her on earth to do, which is make a baby. And that s her three- to-five-day punishment. So… that s what a period is. Now… I think men can handle that fact, right? And I m not making fun of men. I mean, I… The thing… Men aren t ever mean to us about our periods when we talk about them. They re never mean to us. They just don t wanna hear it. And I understand that because the world caters to you and you don t have to hear about anything that you don t know about. And that must be really scary when you have to, so, we must… We must be kind to men. I don t like the old hacky thing of, If men had their periods, they d be like, ‘Yeah, blood everywhere. Gonna name a bar after it. Yeah… ‘ You know. Maybe that d be true, maybe it wouldn t. But I don t know if it d be true because if men were the ones getting their periods, then women would be the ones not getting their periods. And so, it would be unequal. And I know what I m like when I don t understand things in a man s body. Know what I mean? Like, Why do you have balls?  ‘Cause I have them.  Get rid of it. Like, I m not necessarily nice. And so, I wonder what I would be like if I had a boyfriend who got his period because men get the periods and I ve never had one. If I m at dinner… and my boyfriend comes out of the bathroom and he s like: Uh, Jen… we gotta go.  Jonathan, we didn t order an appetizer yet.  Jen, I just got my period a day early and I m wearing white pants. We gotta go. We gotta go.  Uh, what do you mean you got your period a day early? Doesn t it come on the same day every month?  No, it s a hormonal thing, it s irregular. I can t control it.  Oh, I can t control my body. Oh, it s hormones made me do it. Come on, you can control it.  Jen, I can t.  They have tampons in the bathroom?  No, they re out and I… So, we gotta go.  You have a tampon in your purse, Jonathan?  No, I forgot.  Jonathan, how many times have I told you be a fucking man and keep a tampon in your purse in case… you get your period early. And why wear white pants anywhere near the week of your expected period? God, what…? How long have you been getting this, 20 years now? Why can t you do this, Jonathan? You can leave. I m eating here. We ve had this reservation for two weeks. Leave, I m staying. Go. Tie your jacket around your waist, Jonathan. Everyone can see your period. Then I call my friend, I m at a restaurant alone. Yeah. But Jonathan got his period. No, of course he didn t. He didn t know it was coming, no. He never knows. Oh, like Jonathan had a tampon. Are you crazy? We re talking about Jonathan. He s the… I don t know if I can be with him cause if he can t plan for himself, then, like, how can he plan for me, you know? So, that might be what women are like if men got their periods. Here s what happened to me. Now, my period comes on the same day every month. Never been early, never been late. I don t get cramps. Thank you. So… One morning… when I was 41 and a half years old and really feeling it… just thinking about it, God… almost 50. I mean, not really, but… closer than I was when I was 13. Right? I woke up in the morning and I went to the ladies room. There s not a ladies room in my house. It s not like ladies, men, wheelchair, you know, it s… I went… I was going pee. And I looked at my underwear and there were some fresh drops of blood. Now, again… it was two weeks from when I was supposed to get my period. And this was not uterine lining-looking blood. This was prick-your-finger fresh blood. It actually looked like the blood… that my roommate s cat had years and years ago. When I was just a young thing with a roommate in Brooklyn and she had a dying cat. And the cat dragged its body across the floor as little drops of blood came out because the cat s kidneys were failing. That s right. And my roommate had to put the cat in a cage and the cat got put down that day, the same day that the blood drops appeared in the morning. And I looked at myself and I went, Today is the day I will be put down. I don t have a human-sized cage and I live alone. I knew if I didn t start a family this would happen, but I ll have to put myself down. I will call the vet and I will make an appointment. Because I knew that s internal bleeding. My kidneys are failing. I have internal bleeding. But before I freaked out, I checked my vagina for glass. And so I just wanted to make sure… Because I take sleeping pills sometimes, you can sleepwalk on those. I wanted to make sure that in the middle of the night I didn t start sleepwalking, then get into a bar fight, break a bottle, and then put it in me and you go, Come at me! So… I called friends, I m like, Did I get in a bar fight with my vagina? They re like, I don t think so. I was like, Thanks. The bad news is then I must be put down today. It s internal bleeding. I m gonna call my doctor. So, I called. I said, I have to come in. I have internal bleeding. I get there, she puts me in the stirrups, which is stupid. I m like, This isn t a period thing. Do an x-ray. I have internal bleeding. My kidneys are failing. Rapidly. Come on. She looks up and goes, Jen, this is your period. I go, No, it isn t. And she goes, Yes, it is.  It s not supposed to be here for two weeks. She goes, Two weeks early. I go, Well, I want a second opinion. She goes, What do you want a second opinion about? I said, I still think this is internal bleeding. And she said, It s not. And I said, How do you know? And she said, Because you re seeing the blood externally.  Oh, that s such a fucking amazing point. I never thought about that. That s why people die from internal bleeding, because they don t see the blood. Okay, I got it. Good. All right. I am stupid. She looked at me and went, Are you okay? And I went, I don t think so. No, I don t… And like a child being handed a toothbrush by a dentist, she just handed me a tampon and was like, Get out of here. And, um… Now, the worst part is, I have a subscription for tampons on Amazon. And I keep forgetting to cancel it, and so every month, I get so many tampons. And I have a closet filled with them. They will outlive me. I will not… I will be in menopause before them. I ll be dead. I will one day be in a chair, no blood left in my body, like: I haven t even seen blood on a tooth, let alone this. I have no kids, I have no one to give them to. I m the weird lady at Halloween every year where it s like, Trick or treat. And I m like, You ll be a woman someday. Yes, take this. Even you, little boy, you never know. Take it, take it. Take it, everybody. It s amazing what we don t know about our bodies, we don t think about things. Like, I was taught nothing about my body growing up. I didn t lose my virginity until I was basically almost 22 years old, which I have a lot of shame about. I think it s kind of old, kind of dorky. And even the person I lost my virginity to does not know that he took it, cause I had to lie that I lost it at age 16 under a creeping willow tree. You get real detailed when you lied about stuff, right? I lost my virginity at age 21, but, like, almost 22, like, 21 and 11 months. And it wasn t cause I was a prude. I wanted to lose my virginity. It had always been my life s goal ever since I was a little girl. Just grow up someday and lose my virginity. And the thing that stopped me… It was a Catholic thing. Well, first of all, I didn t really understand even what sex was, right? I mean, I had sex education, as we all did. They didn t, like, teach you how to fuck, it was just like… They never said anything about, like, making love and sensuality, and… There s never gay people involved. It was just a man lays next to a woman, they get pregnant. I was like, Why would anyone do that? And so… Single bed for life, right? And so… All we had in sex education for the girls, we had a big poster of fallopian tubes. And I was like, Those are inside of me? They looked giant, like, Why aren t they coming out my mouth? It was just like… And there was just a vagina right there with an egg right here. Looked like a ball in a catcher s mitt. It looked like the egg is always there, like, Let s play ball. Impregnate me. Come on, we ll go around the bases. And then for the boys, they just had a poster of sperm. And they taught us in one little drop of semen there s billions and billions of sperm. I was like, Okay. That s all I remembered. As I got to be a teenager, my mother was like: Never have sex, you ll get pregnant every time. And I was like, but I think she s right cause I thought back to those two signs, the egg waiting and ready and then billions and billions of sperm. What are the odds? A billion to one. You re going to have a baby, right? I was like, How come women just have one? How come they re aren t like: Like, why aren t babies just, like, spilling out of everybody? Like, there s billions and billions of sperm and one egg. So, I didn t wanna… I didn t wanna, you know, lose my virginity so fast. It was the Catholic Church s fault. Like, now, I m cool with Jesus. I knew Jesus didn t mind if I had sex cause Jesus loved whores, right? It s in the Bible. He hung out with prostitutes, they were his favorite people. When he was fed up with the apostles, Where are my prostitutes?  We re here. He d be like, We re not gonna write about you in the Bible. And then he was friends with them. So, I knew that once I had sex, I would just confess to Jesus, I had sex. He d be like, I love that. I d be like, Just telling you. And so that would be fine. What I was afraid of was getting pregnant. Obviously, I didn t want to be a teenage mother or a mother period. I knew if I got pregnant, I would have to have an abortion and I was very afraid of abortion because of church. Not cause of Jesus, but because of the priest at church. Every single sermon the priest at my church did were about abortion. Even though it was not in the Bible that day, you know. They would be like, Merry Christmas, everybody. And we are here cause Mary had a baby. She kept it even though she didn t know who the fuck gave it to her. And we will celebrate Mary. She didn t have an abortion like you girls who go to the clubs and use it as birth control. Then if you had an abortion, you go to hell. If you know someone that s had an abortion, you go to hell. Guys, don t worry. We ll high-five you. You got a woman pregnant. But the women are going to hell. And I was like, I don t wanna go to hell. I decided I m never gonna get pregnant and the easiest way to do that is to never have sex. And I really didn t understand what an abortion was. I didn t know it was a safe medical procedure that prevents a pregnancy from becoming a pregnancy. I thought you carried a baby to full term and then in a doctor s office, they, like, shot it in the head. You know, I was like, I m not doing that. I m not judging, but I m not doing that. So, instead of sex… Instead of sex, I was the girl who loved being fingered. I loved fingering. Loved? I still love it. I love fingering. I am bringing back fingering. It s amazing. Do it to everybody. It s not just for… It s not just for kids. It s like sugar cereal. Adults can enjoy it, too. It s wonderful. You re going right to the source. Greatest feeling on Earth. And so… I had a lovely boyfriend who used to finger me. And the first time I ever got fingered… Oh, my God. I mean, I touched myself before, but when you get to go hands free, it s like, Whee! It s so exciting. And the feeling was so powerful that after I got fingered, every moment after that that I wasn t getting fingered, I was in a deep, dark depression. That s why when you see Goth girls walking around, they re not trying to get attention, they re upset. They got fingered once and haven t been fingered since. They re like, It s so dark. Everything is horrible. I don t feel anything. So, anyway… My boyfriend usually went first on me cause he was a good guy. But this one time I wanted to return the favor. And so I took my two dry hands, and I rubbed his penis up and down like you do, and it almost caught on fire. And… So, like a skilled firefighter, he grabbed it like a hose and was like, I got this, you know. And he came on his hand like a young man of 17 does, wiped it on his T-shirt in the basement and then he kindly went in to return the favor. All I saw on that finger… I couldn t see it, but I knew it was there. Billions and billions of sperm. I didn t wanna be like: Can you wash your hands? I m not ready to become a mother. ‘Cause that s dorky, right? Then I was like, You can t get pregnant from fingering. They would ve told us. They would ve told us that in school. Unless they don t know what this is, and we just invented it. I was like, I need that good feeling, so I let it happen. No consequences. I didn t care. I woke up in the middle of the night and put my hand on my stomach and I felt a heartbeat and I was like: Oh, my God. I m a mother. I was so dumb. I didn t know that you could feel a pulse anywhere else but your wrist. That was the first time I had noticed a pulse anywhere else in my body. And I thought I d grown a baby in four hours. I was like, Whoo! That happens fast. No wonder this abortion is such a hot topic. There is a living, breathing person in there. Well, I couldn t tell my mom. She d kill me. I didn t have the Internet back then, not just cause my mom wouldn t let me, it wasn t invented yet, okay? So, all I had was a typewriter, and you can t ask your typewriter: Can I get fingered, and then get pregnant from that? ‘Cause your typewriter just has a piece of paper looking back at you, like: I don t know if you can get pregnant. I m a typewriter. So, you re just stuck. It s a standstill, right? So, I had to go… to the library. And I couldn t ask the librarian because she was a friend of my mom. I couldn t be like, I got finger-blasted. What do you think, baby or no? So, I had to take a walk to the card catalog. Which if you re younger and you don t know, it s what we had before the Internet at the library. It s a catalog filled with cards. And in it are cards that have the name of every book in the library. Now, as years go by and more information is out there, they keep jamming more cards in the catalog. They don t get extra catalogs, no, no. Just shove it in the one. You put your finger in and take a risk. You might not get your finger back. Like, Aah! And so I had to look for books about pregnancy. Now, again, the card catalog is not in alphabetical order. No, no, no. It is in something called the Dewey Decimal System, which is a complicated series of numbers that librarians have to go to college to learn. But they throw it in the lobby at us, like, You ll figure it out. And so… I find books on pregnancy and, you know, of course, it doesn t just say pregnancy and then aisle P. No, I have to memorize, like, 12 numbers. And so, back then we used to be smart. We could memorize 12 numbers. We didn t have to take a picture or anything. And so… Then I walked all the way back… to the shelves. I didn t give an example of the 12-number thing cause I m too stupid now. There was no book What to Expect If You re Expecting ‘Cause You ve Been Fingered, so I was like, Argh! So, I just didn t do anything. If I had been pregnant, it would ve been like those TV shows where I just have it in a toilet. But nine months later, when no baby came, I was like, I must have miscarried. So tragic, but so right for me, you know. So, then I found out. I found out all the facts. The egg s not sitting there, it only comes once in a while. And if you use condoms it s 99.9 percent effective. I was like, I gotta lose my virginity then. But my boyfriend and I had broken up and I was about to go to college, I was like, How am I gonna lose my virginity now? I don t know anyone at college yet. What, am I gonna walk in and go to a guy and go, Wanna have sex? They have to be in love before they do that. I didn t know anything. And then I thought, Wait, how am I gonna get a guy to be interested in me unless he thinks I m experienced? No guy wants to sleep with a virgin. I didn t know that either. So, I spread a rumor about myself. I told everyone that at age 18, entering college in 1992, that I had already fucked ten guys. That s a lot, ten guys. I mean, not now, but then. That was a lot. Ten guys at 18 was a lot. Some people don t have ten people in their town. Ten guys. And 1992 was an innocent, innocent time. Beverly Hills, 90210, Brenda and Dylan, they waited a year to lose their virginity to each other. Dylan was an alcoholic who lived by himself. He was a virgin. It was an innocent time. So, no guys wanted to have sex with me because they thought I had an STD because I d fucked ten guys. And so, I went year after year after year not getting laid until I met someone who transferred into my college my senior year and he hadn t heard the rumors and I didn t tell him. We had sex, it was fun, it was fine. I don t remember every detail cause it was long ago, but it was lovely. And I walked home that day, just, you know, listening to my Discman, listening to Madonna, you know, Bedtime Stories album. I m like, I get it. I m sexual, too, Madge. And, um… But something stopped me dead as I was walking and I was like, Wait a minute, my hymen didn t break. That s another thing they teach us girls. We have a hymen. It s a piece of skin that s somewhere in our vagina and a penis pokes it and we bleed and get sheets dirty and we suck, fuck you, you re dumped. So, now… my hymen didn t break and I was like, Uh-oh. I hope my hymen didn t get pushed up into my body and now it s strangling, you know, my internal organs. I don t even know what a hymen is. How strong is it? How does it work? And I was like, I gotta go to a doctor. And so, I went to the school nurse, but I didn t wanna act like I just lost my virginity, so, I tried to play it all cas. I walked in, I was like, Hey, quick question. Um… When I lost my virginity, whenever that was… uh… my hymen didn t break. What s up with that? She was like, That s an old wive s tale. It s fine. If you ve used a tampon or ridden a horse or took a dance class it can stretch, it can break. I go: Okay, it can t get shoved up and start strangling your organs?  No, it s a tissue.  Can it get wadded up and…?  No, not a tissue. Like, it s a… I go, Oh, okay, okay. She looks at my chart like, About to turn 22. She goes: So, you didn t just lose your virginity, did you?  No, I fucked like ten guys. And that s when I got my first STD test. So… So, I m in a relationship, and I don t have jokes about it because it s a nice story. I m with someone that I love a lot, we ve known each other for a long time… And look at you get quiet. No one likes nice things, I understand. But there was a time in my life when I was what I call single single, when I was like, God, like, no one seems to like me. I wasn t getting picked and I didn t like how it felt. And I read a self-help book that was like, take yourself on a self date. And so, I did that. And I would sit at bars and… guys would come up and go, Can I sit here? I go, No. I m also sitting there, please stop. I m on a… I m on a date with myself, so, would you please? I started saying bullshit things, you know, after reading these books, like, You know what? Gonna take some time. Can t love someone till you love yourself, you know? What bullshit. You can love someone when you don t love yourself. What a fun distraction, right? So… But my friend did this. She decided to have a party. She called it Facebook in Real Life. And she invited a bunch of people… Really good idea. She invited people that sort of know each other. You could vouch for someone if you don t know them well. So, you could be like, Oh, hey, John s fun. He s a murderer, though. Don t go home with him, but fun at parties. Okay. They re like, Oh, cool. I met this guy, really nice guy. He was age appropriate, we got each other s numbers, started texting. We liked the same things, talked about the same stuff. He didn t send a dick pic, nothing inappropriate. I felt respected and then, you know, after a couple of weeks, he asked me to go have wine with him. I was like, We re going on date. We re sitting there and drinking and talking. I m not getting a vibe he wants to sleep with me, but I m like, I ll loosen him up a little. Waitress comes and she s like, Want a third? We do that dance you do when you, I don t normally drink more than two. Do you? I don t. I could if you… I… You will? I ll have one, yeah. We re gonna fuck. Yeah, we re gonna fuck. Bring a third. So, she brings the third. As I m taking a sip, he s like, Anyway, my girlfriend… I m like, Pfft! Your fucking what? What kind of shit is this? I don t say that, but… No, I act interested. I m like, Tell me about your girlfriend? And… Nothing wrong hanging out with a woman if you have girlfriend. Absolutely nothing. I have tons of male friends. But that s it, the door is shut. Thank you, I have male friends. I don t need any more. I don t need any more. I have plenty, right? I didn t understand what his angle was. I said, Does your girlfriend get upset that you go out with women? He goes, Oh, no, she knows I love women. I m a male feminist. I go, ‘I m a male feminist. Thanks so much for being on our side, male fucking… If I wanna fucking drink wine with a feminist, I ll stay home by myself and I might even get laid. I… And my fingers do not have billions and billions of sperm. I started to figure it out, like, I see how life is different. I see how it s different. Back in the day, men would marry the woman that cooks and cleans and has the babies and he starts to look at her more like a mother. So, he needs to get sex on the side. Now, men are smart. They live with the sex and they want the brains on the side. Well, me and all the other women are not gonna be your mind whores, dude, all right? You re not gonna finger her then come out, have a drink with me and talk about documentaries until midnight, you pig! Thank you. So… we re not friends anymore, but I really… I know it sounds like I hate men. I really don t. I love men and I look at them the way I look at children, which is like, Oh, my God, for people who don t know what you re doing, you have so much energy about it, you know. But… the… The one… The one area that is really cool, I like that people say they re feminist, and it s like, you know, white people can say they identify for Black Lives Matter, and men can say they re feminist. It s really cool. There s one area, though that I don t know why we can t nip this, it would be so quick and easy to do, is street harassment. It is still a thing that we are shouting at some men to understand, you know, that it is a really serious scary thing. And I feel like if you re going to yell out of your car at a woman, commit to it. Get an old-timey car with a horn that s like, Aooga! It s so stupid. So, you know, mo… All of my guy friends are not idiots, they do not act this way, but I found out one of my friends who I respect does this. I m like, You street harass?  It s not harassment, it s a compliment. And I go, What kind of things do you do?  I ve yelled, ‘Nice tits.  You yell ‘Nice tits at a woman? He goes, Her tits were nice.  I understand the inspiration behind that, I m just… You can t do that to us. It s… It s… It s scary. He goes, What s scary about ‘Nice tits ? I go, Well… He goes, It s a compliment. I go, I get it. Let me take this apart. I get on its face that ‘nice tits, ‘ dictionary, technically a compliment, yes. But we don t know, if we don t respond the way that you want us to respond, or if we don t respond at all, ‘nice tits can be followed up with, ‘Fuck you, bitch, ‘ and then we get scared. And my friend goes, Oh, I got it. What if I just yell ‘nice tits but don t yell ‘fuck you, bitch after? I m like, No, but we don t… We don t know. We don t know. ‘Nice tits… ‘ Compliments and murder both start with compliments. So, we don t know. We don t know. We don t know when someone says nice tits if it s just, beep, beep, Nice tits, bye, and they drive off, or if it s gonna be like, Nice tits stop the car and like, ‘ Nice tits. So nice. Gonna chop them up, put them in a blender. Then I m gonna put them in a freezer and make tits pops. Tits, tits, tits.  We don t know. So, my friend goes, What should I say? I go, Just say nothing. Say no words. Say no words. He goes, That s my free speech. That s free speech. You can t do that. I go, It s not… Whatever free speech means. But, okay, fine, free speech. I didn t say you couldn t say ‘nice tits, ‘ I said, please don t yell it to us. So, maybe if you re driving by a woman who has nice tits, you roll up your window and smash your face against the glass and just go, ‘Nice tits. You could do that. Or see a woman with nice tits and call a friend and go, ‘Nice tits, nice tits, I see nice tits. Okay. Nice tits. Or if you have the time, veer off the road, go into a field, get on your knees and let God know. ‘Nice tits!  My friend and I could not come to any agreement on this. And so, I was like, Maybe he s right. If we just yell, No, no, no, guys just hear their mothers: So, we can t just say, Don t say this, don t… Maybe there s a middle ground. Maybe there s something you can say. I don t know what it is. But I had an experience recently that gave me kind of an idea. So, I was in North Carolina and I was walking by myself. And I was on the side of the road and it was dusk. And a white guy in a truck… drove by. And then he stopped… and he pulled back… and he just stared at me out the window. And I was like, Oh, fuck. Because if you re a woman or not white or gay and you re walking alone in the South and a white guy in a truck pulls up, you know in 20 minutes there s gonna be candles and flowers right where you were standing, right? That s… Yeah. Guy rolls down his window and goes, Excuse me, ma am. You mind if I say something real creepy to you? And like an idiot, I walk up to the truck. Okay. And then I get mad and I think of… I take a minute and think of all the women from real… Real severe street harassment, acid in the face to just little infractions like nice tits, and I m like, No. No, you cannot say something creepy. I go, No, you cannot and fuck you. I start walking away proud of myself and realize, I look crazy. That s what happens, is if you re talking to a girl in a bar and it s going well and after a minute she s just like, Fuck you!  What did I do?  Nothing. But we re taught to be polite and so, we re holding it in. All we have to say is, I don t feel like talking. But we talk and we re like, Eat shit! And you re very confused. And so… We have to get better at that. And so, anyway… he goes, Ma am, I didn t mean to scare you. I m sorry. I… I just wanted to say I love your boots. That s it, I love your boots. I was wearing big, black platform boots, he goes: I m a married man. I m not trying to pick you up. I ve never noticed fashion in my life. Well, I have one more question.  Here comes a creepy question. I go, What? He goes, Are they comfortable?  Yeah.  That s a win-win for you, ain t it? I m like: And he said, Thank you. Thank you for letting me give you that compliment. I couldn t have lived with myself if I hadn t. And then he drove off. I was like, He couldn t have lived with himself if he didn t give me that compliment. That is so dramatic. And again, it is hard for men in the world. We must be kind to them. And so… But part of me is evil and I was like: God, it would ve been great if I didn t let him compliment me. Somehow I got to see the rest of his life played out, that deep regret, you know. It s just like some kind of play set in the South and he s just at home every night and he s like: I m not hungry tonight, Martha. She s like, Henry, I made your favorite. Two nights and you haven t eaten it. You re all bones. Are you cheating on me, Henry?  No, Martha, it s not about sex. Sometimes things are about… fashion. Son, if you ever get the chance to compliment a woman and don t take it, you might not be able to live with yourself. Listen to your daddy. He s on his death bed, his father is like, Son, any more wisdom before you go? And he s just like, Black boots, and then he dies. No one knows what he means. His wife never understood. Black boots? I know what that means. His daddy was in the war. His daddy wore black boots. He wants to wear his daddy s boots in his coffin. And he doesn t. She s shoving the daddy s boots on his corpse feet. And he s up in heaven, like, That s not the black boots I meant. I like women s shoes. That s right, Jesus, I like women s shoes. I can be myself up here. So… that s when I started to think. The compliment, if you must yell at us, yell about our outfit, not our bodies. We don t wanna think about the fact we have a body every five minutes, and you make us think about it all the time, and we don t want to. You know that feeling when you just have keys and your phone and you feel so free? We d love to feel that way at the bank, but can t take our tits and vagina and leave them on the table. So, we ve got to take these things even at 8:30 in the morning. We re like, Oh, God, everyone s looking. And, you know… And if someone is like: Nice ass, but we don t feel good, we re like, Is that sarcastic? It s a whole mind fuck, right? But if you just compliment clothes, we can all get along, right? If you wanna street harass us and you drive by and you re like, Sweetheart. Hey, honey… that little bow matches that detail in your shoes. That is not lost on me, baby. I love a good accessory. I hope you re going to dinner tonight. Doesn t have to be with a man, could be by yourself. You seem unafraid. I like that. You re walking with your job and your freedom. And I m not threatened by that at all. I don t have to man-splain to you. I m just letting you know that a plaid and a polka dot can sometimes match. You go, toots. Thank you guys so much. You ve been amazing. Thanks again. JKL. Jennifer. – Oh! – Sweetheart. – Hi. – Lovely to see you. – You looked so gorgeous up there. – Mom. Oh, thank you. – Jennifer, what s all this food? – Oh, that s part of my rider. – What s a rider? – It s like, you know, food they bring backstage. Part of your budget. – You like the show? – They take this out of your pay? This is wasteful. Jennifer, you re not good with money. It s not my money. Didn t like the show or anything or…? Oh, my God. No. Mom, Dad, get out, we re filming. We re filming. Cut. – Jennifer, who is this? – Filming what? – This is my real family. – Still speeding. – We can still roll on this? – Why would you do this? Why would you hire people to play us? We re here. Well, that s you. It s already done. She doesn t look like me. I have blond hair. She has gray hair. And I m not Oriental, Jen. Oh, my God, Dad, don t… That s racist. You re… I m Japanese. Oh, Jennifer s best friend at school was Japanese and she taught Jennifer how to say the word hello. – Konichiwa. – Konichiwa. But it doesn t matter. Konichiwa to you. Listen, these are actors hired to represent the character of Jen Kirkman, right? That make it better? What? There s no character based on your sister, Gail? Okay, Gail, I would ve put you in it, but you told me when I used to have that joke about how you got caught smoking pot, you said: Don t put me in your act anymore. So, I do not say anything about you anymore out of respect. Jen, you just told that story again… on camera. That s what she does, she talks about everybody. She called Dad a racist. – He said, Oriental. – Maybe we can take a break. Yeah. Where s the pizza? Did you get any pizza? No, I didn t get any pizza. I just did a show. And I m sorry, there s no part for you, and the reason is not because I didn t think you d be good, but you d make a scene. It s happening. You re making a scene. I m not all comfortable. I m really not comfortable. – You re not comfortable? How do we feel? – Jen, why do you ruin everything? – Yeah. Jeez, you know. – I know a great place, guys. – You do? – We should just leave. – Just forget about her. – Were you in the audience, – because I didn t see you out there. – Yeah. Can we use any of that? Can we use any of that because my parents just ruined my Netflix special and it was kind of fucking awesome.

NEAL BRENNAN@3 MICS@2017@[announcer] Ladies and gentlemen, Neal Brennan. [cheers and applause] Thank you. Thank you. I m vegan, but I m a hypocrite about it. Like, I wear leather and I eat meat. [audience laughing] The Internet is like a Choose Your Own Adventure book, except every adventure ends with me masturbating. The Little League World Series, or, as pedophiles call it, the World Series. Good to be here. We re shooting for Netflix. Yeah. Here s why I like Netflix, because Netflix… You get a rating on Netflix, one through five, but you know the person giving the rating is a certain class of person who can afford eight dollars a month. Or at least knows someone who can afford… Yeah, whereas… Which, a lot of these sites, like YouTube, you got people giving thumbs up, thumbs down, that are just not qualified. Because I was on YouTube… Beethoven s Fifth Symphony. ? Dun-dun-dun-duh Dun-dun-dun-duh ? The most famous song of all time. Ten thousand dislikes! On YouTube. I m not kidding. That many people are, like, Your music stinks, bro! And I know music… I m from Tampa. Thumbs down! You guys seem young. Who s under 25? A round of applause. Under 25. [cheering] Yeah, you guys are dorks. Let me explain why. You re the first generation ever to have fewer sexual partners than their parents, you fucking dorks. And your parents grew up in the middle of AIDS and were still, like, Fuck it, I can t be stopped. You re dorks. Your drug of choice was Adderall. You know what that means? You did drugs to get better at school. You fucking dorks. You re not having sex because you re too busy online trying to get likes. You know how your parents got likes? By fucking people. Yeah. They d fuck somebody. They d be, like, Do you like me?  Yeah, I like you.  Great, I just got a like. If they told someone about you, and you had sex with that person, that was a retweet. If you re under 25, you re probably in school or just got out of school. Student loan debt is fucking awful. How many people have student loan debt, by a round of applause? [cheers and applause] That s so many people. College makes me insane. The fact that they charge one price at one college and another price at another college is so dumb. It s not like you re getting better facts, you know? It s not like a community college history class, they re gonna be, like, Well, the Revolutionary War started immediately after the Boston Tea Party. At these prices, that s all the information we re willing to give you. Yeah, I was lucky enough to have dropped out. Because I realized early on that these student loans are basically small business loans, and the business is you, and you re maybe not such a great business. If they called them small business loans, no 18-year-old kid would ever get the loan. It s a bad idea for a business. If you had to go to the bank, to the small business desk, and ask, I m gonna need $150,000. They d be, like, What s your business idea?  Here s the idea: For the next four years, I m going to get black-out drunk. But also… I m gonna get a degree in Sociology. [cheers and applause] They d be, like, Get the fuck out of our bank. You re, like, I will, but I did have a way to pay you guys back. I was gonna give you $80 a month for the next 240 years. If you re under 25, you ve grown up in a world of constant scandal. Because of the Internet and technology, everything s out on the street now. There s a new scandal every three days. I like the sports ones. The last decade s been crazy. Oscar Pistorius, Tiger Woods, Donald Sterling. The one that got me the most, though, was Lance Armstrong. Here s the thing: They ve made some good documentaries about him. There s one on Netflix called Stop at Nothing. Going into the movie, I thought what we all thought about Armstrong… Maybe he s a piece of garbage. But now that I ve seen the movie, it s more complicated. He won the Tour de France seven times on drugs every time, but because of that, he was able to raise $100 million for cancer research. Say what you want, but he figured out a way to do drugs for charity. Yeah. That must have been hard to resist, too. If someone came to me: Neal, you can cure pediatric AIDS, but you re gonna have to do a ton of cocaine , I d be, like… Let s help some kids, huh? I d be willing to do Molly as well, if it helps just one child. Actually, if it helps no children, I will do Molly. Fuck it, if it harms one child… Lance Armstrong was everywhere. Now he s gone. I was talking to my buddy. He was, like, We were hard on Armstrong because we don t like cheaters. I was, like, No, because we don t give a fuck about bicycling, that s why. If he played a good sport, he would ve been fine. Baseball and football players cheat constantly. In fact, up until a couple years ago, if you were good at football, you could do crime, we were fine with it. Michael Vick, Ray Lewis. Ray Lewis tackled so many people, we were finally, like, Ray, you get to murder one. Because if we like you enough, we will figure out a way to justify whatever you did. Like LeBron James. At this point, LeBron could stab an old lady in public. Everybody would be, We all talk about stabbing old ladies; LeBron had the guts to do it! Yeah. He s a leader, do you understand me? Michael Jordan could shoot up a shopping mall. Everybody would be, like, He s still got range from the outside. There s a new NFL scandal from a player three times a week. Most famously was the Ray Rice one, the guy who punched his girlfriend in the elevator. People are always surprised. You can t be surprised. Football players are violent. First of all, their job, in and of itself, is attempted murder. Like, that s their job. The football roster is two guys that can catch, two that can throw, kicker, punter, 40 murderers. Whenever I read, Ray Rice punches girlfriend on elevator, all I see is, Football player does football at the wrong time. It s their whole life. They get trained from the time they re little kids. Go to practice. Do football. Go to the game. Do football. Be with your girlfriend. Do football.  Shit. I wasn t supposed to do football that time. I was supposed to do elevator, and I did football. I better get her body out. I don t want her mad at me. Better get her flip-flop. I ll never hear the end of that. Went back for the flip-flop because he cares. A lot of these NFL guys get gun beef. I m not a big gun guy. I was just in Colorado, a big gun state. I go there with my girlfriend, meet her father. Her dad s into guns, carries a concealed weapon at all times, which makes sense, because he is in real estate. At a certain point, he pulls me aside and he s showing me his guns, and he finally goes, Do you got a gun at your place in L.A. so you can protect my daughter? I was, like, Do I have a gun in my place? Dude, I don t even have an umbrella. I can t protect your daughter from a light drizzle… let alone an armed intruder. Your daughter s in real danger. Concealed weapon is one thing I don t feel I could pull off. If I had a concealed weapon, that s all I would think about all day. I d go to Whole Foods, someone would cut me off, I d be, like… Am I about to smoke this motherfucker? I m pretty sure I m about to smoke this motherfucker. Because otherwise, how will he learn… about the 12-items-or-less line… unless I fucking murder him? Guess we gotta have guns to protect ourselves from terror. ISIS has struck a few times in the States. One was near here, in San Bernardino, California. What bugged me about that one, the husband and wife team? The woman came to the States and was able to wait eight months before the attack. I got to say, I personally couldn t have pulled it off. If ISIS sent me over here, I d fall in love with American culture and then fuck the whole plan up, you know? They d call me: You re gonna kill the infidel next week.  Look, fellas, Game of Thrones just started back up. We wait a few months. I ll gain weight, maybe bigger explosion. I ll let you know. They d text me: Go to the park. Kill everyone. I d text back: LOL! I m in the park now, chasing Pikachus. ISIS has gone after a rock club in Paris and a gay club in Orlando, but you know what kind of club they haven t gone after? A hip-hop club. Yeah. They realize it s not gonna go down the way they want. ISIS can try, but you re gonna turn the news on and see a reporter in the parking lot: The gunman reached into his jacket, yelled ‘Allahu Akbar, ‘ and was immediately punched in the face by a woman named Brianna… who said, ‘Not tonight, honey. Tonight my birthday.  [cheers and applause] So, I m depressed, and not the way you normally hear that. Like, I m so depressed. Kobe retired. I mean, I have clinical depression, the mood disorder. And I ve had it for as long as I can remember. I don t know if you know about me, but I m the youngest of ten kids. I don t know if you know much about math, or kids, but ten kids is too many kids. Also, my father was a violent alcoholic. He didn t hit me that much, but he used to terrorize my brothers. My parents were old when I got here. I m the youngest. So, they were in their forties when I got here. They were born in the 1930s. They were from the We did the best we could generation. If you criticized their parenting, they d go, We did the best we could. I always felt, Really? That was the best? So, Dad, you d get drunk, hit your kids, and think, ‘Now, this is me at my best.  My father was also a narcissist. So, the entire mood of the house was dictated by him, and all the attention went his way. I think me and my brothers and sisters realized early on the best way to deal with him was to minimize our feelings as much as possible so as not to call attention to ourselves. But you do that long enough, and your feelings start to atrophy to the point that you re incapable of having them. Two things I knew I could feel were ego and adrenaline, so I basically just set out to achieve a bunch of shit to give myself a surge of good feelings. Like, I got into NYU film school, which was a miracle at that time. I did so bad on my SATs. I ended up dropping out after six months, but that was a huge rush of adrenaline. Then I ended up at a comedy club… Not as a comedian, as a door guy, taking tickets and barking for people to get in. But I also started giving actual working comedians little tags for their act. Hey, try saying this or try saying that. And to see my jokes work onstage was a huge burst for me. Then I started getting real writing jobs. Real is a big word, but… I wrote for MTV s Singled Out. You re welcome. I wrote for All That on Nickelodeon. Yeah, applaud. [cheering] Yeah. Then, when I was 23, me and Dave Chappelle wrote Half Baked, so, at this point, my system of keeping myself afloat via accomplishments was working beautifully… until it stopped. After Half Baked, I started writing with a guy named Mike Schur. And he and I had sold a pitch, which should have made me feel great, and I remember hearing the news as I drove along, and I heard the news on my cell phone, and I just had tears coming down my face. I was, like, I guess my plan of achievement isn t cutting it anymore. So, I knew I had to go to a psychiatrist and get antidepressants. So, I did. And the antidepressants worked, sort of. They definitely raised the floor on my mood, but none of these pills are panaceas. They just kind of lessened the symptoms. Depression to me has always felt like a virus that attacks your brain with negative thoughts. The medication staved off some of the thoughts, but a lot of them would break through and would leave a void in their wake. Like, to say I have low self-esteem is not true. I have no self-esteem. I don t have the architecture for good feelings. You could give me a trophy, it will slide right down. I just don t have the shelving. In fact, I used to have to carry around an index card of funny things I d written or said or directed just to try to remind myself that I was okay. Depression feels like you re wearing a weighted vest. I always felt like I was at a disadvantage mood- or energy-wise to my peers. It was never life-threatening, it was just life-dampening. And the medication could take weights out of the vest, but I still came across as either bored or cold or superior, none of which I wanted to come across as. Although, you know who always loved my attitude? Black dudes. Always. Yeah. They d be, like, Neal, man, you don t give a fuck. And I always wanted to say, That s because I m sad. I think black dudes appreciated how openly sad I was, because black dudes aren t allowed to be sad in public. The only way a black dude can openly express sadness in public is if he does it with a saxophone. So, I think people with depression have the reputation for feeling sorry for themselves or they fell into a bad mood and were too lazy to get out of it. But, believe me, I m not lazy, nor did I approach this lazily. Like, I went to a psychiatrist and a psychologist. If you don t know the difference, congrats for having a great life. I became a vegan to feel better. I quit smoking to feel better. Every exercise plan there is, I tried to feel better. Meditation. I went on a seven-day silent meditation retreat. Medication. I ve tried every medication they have. They all have side effects, whether it s weight gain, weight loss, nausea, grogginess, memory loss… Which, for my job, is not good… And, worst of all, dick stuff. So, I d been on antidepressants for 17 years, and finally I was, like, I have to try something else. So, I was so sick of the side effects, I was like, I need to throw a Hail Mary. Heard of this drug ketamine? If you know what ketamine is, it s a horse tranquilizer that s also a party drug, and they ve started prescribing it for depression. I know it s legit because I saw it on Reddit. So, I found a doctor that prescribes it. I went to his office. And I can t explain to you how normal this doctor s office was. A bunch of other people waiting for other doctors, fill out the form, old magazines. They call me back into his office, put an I.V. in my arm, drip ketamine into it, and I tripped my fucking face off. On a Tuesday afternoon in a doctor s office, immobile, out, music festival level, not on this plane. Gone. And it lasted about 45 minutes, but the comedown was rough. When I came out of it, I felt like I just came out of surgery, which makes sense because it is an anesthetic. So, I decided not to do it again. Woke up the next day and felt better than I d felt in months. I was, like, Fuck, I ve got to do it again. Did it five more times in the next two weeks. But long-term, the side effects from ketamine were bad for me. I got nauseous for months, I was groggy for months. Worse than that, my eyes burned for four months straight. It was crazy. So, that didn t work, for me. Then I heard about something called TMS. TMS is short for transcranial magnetic stimulation. All right, so, looked it up online. Go to a doctor s office, and they put a contraption on your head, looks like kind of a halo, and they basically shoot magnetic beams into your brain, about an inch deep into your brain, to a certain area that stimulates growth and can alleviate depression, allegedly. I did that. That lasts about a half an hour. It just feels like tapping. Just feels like kind of a shitty woodpecker. You re, like, Okay, let s wrap it up now. And by the second treatment of that, I felt great. Something definitely lifted. The depression s still with me, but not nearly as bad as it was. I ended up doing 45 half-hour sessions of TMS, which is a lot. And the reason I itemize it is because when you have any kind of mood disorder, it s not provable to people. All I have to show you is my work. I had 45 half-hour sessions. It s really aggravating when you have a mood thing. You can feel people s suspicion. Imagine if you had a cold, and people were, like, He doesn t really have that cold. That stuffiness is a choice. It s really frustrating. It speaks to people s ignorance about depression. I m in the Big Brothers program, because I m an angel that fell to earth. No, I actually joined because I heard volunteering releases endorphins, which I gotta say… eh. But the kid is great. So, one day, nine-year-old kid, we re hanging out. He sees me take an antidepressant, put it in my mouth. He s, like, What s that? I was, like, An antidepressant. I do it to make myself feel better… and I ve also shot ketamine into my veins. You know when you forget to lie? You re, like, Oh, here s everything.  And I ve shot magnetic pulses into my head, but only, like, 45 times for half an hour. And he s looking at me, and I can see his wheels are spinning. When a nine-year-old is ready to say something, you re, like, I have no idea which way this is going. I don t know if this is gonna be great or crazy. But he goes, You do all that stuff to try to feel better? I go, Yeah. And he goes, So you re like a cucumber… but you re trying to turn yourself into a pickle. I was like, Yeah. [cheers and applause] Women love the movie Pretty Woman, but they do not love it when you bring your new prostitute girlfriend to their birthday party. Getting a neck tattoo is people s way of saying, Yeah, minimum wage is fine for me. One hundred percent of people who eat in that dining section of the grocery store are murderers. If I were black, I would stand in front of tanning salons all day and laugh at the customers. [cheers and applause] I grew up Catholic. Anybody else? [cheering] Still doing it? [man in audience] No. No? They never… Being Catholic s like playing trombone. After 12th grade, you re, like, I don t have to do that shit anymore. The older I get, you know who I respect more and more? Muslims. What they believe feels foreign to us, but they re committed to it. They re, like, God came to us a couple of thousand years ago , had some simple rules: Pray five times a day, don t eat ham, women gotta dress like ninjas. Those are the rules. Until we hear back, we re sticking with those rules. Whereas Catholicism will change whenever. The new Pope is barely even Catholic. He is. And he s trying to be, like, a cool stepdad about shit. So, I understand drugs are called ‘Mollys now? I get it. I feel the Pope just makes shit up. Last year they asked the Pope, Can pets get into heaven? And he thinks for a second, he goes… Yeah.  Fuck it, everybody gets a plus-one. I just decided. At one point, they asked the Pope, What do you think of gay marriage? The Pope goes, Who am I to judge gay people? Dude… you re the Pope! For the last thousand years, you ve had two jobs: One, judging gay people, and two, covering up gay things that your coworkers are doing. Those are your jobs as the Pope. That, and dressing like an outer-space pimp… with an unlimited budget. He has red shoes and a clear car. That s a pimp. I hang out with a lot of black dudes. White people are always, like, What s it like? We don t do anything crazy, we just eat and talk. I don t have to rap. Here s the shitty part about hanging with black dudes: Guys try to out-tough each other to see who had it worse growing up. I try to compete with my black friends, but they always beat me. They ll be, like, My fucking dad vanished on my sixth birthday. I m, like, I can relate to that , because my mother would often disappear into a good book. Too close to call, am I right? Let s play a game called Sounds Racist, Isn t Racist. Ready? Such a horrible setup for a white person to give. No, here it is. There have been a lot of good slave movies lately. Sounds racist. I just enjoy them as movies. You guys think I think it s a documentary. I get it. Here s what I ve learned hanging out with black dudes: When a new slave movie comes out, can t be your idea as the white person to go see it. Can t be, like, Have I got a movie for us. Follow me.  Hi, could I get 14 for Django, please? Thank you. Slavery is such a big deal. It s such a big deal. If I were black, I d talk about it constantly. A lot of white people go, Black people talk about slavery too much as it is. First of all, if Italians went through slavery, they d never shut the fuck up about it, you know that. You know it. And they d all have some heroic story of escape. Finally, my Uncle Fabrizio was, like, ‘Fuck this shit!  And he punched the slave master. And he walked from North Carolina straight to Jersey. All right. I would talk about it constantly. Constantly. If I were black and waiting tables, I d be, like, Here s your check. And don t forget: Slavery. If a cop said, Know why I pulled you over? I d be, like, To apologize for slavery? Look, say what you want about cops, that s an awful job. Everything is their responsibility. It s all your responsibility. Traffic s your responsibility. Burglary is your responsibility. Murder is your responsibility. We re, like, Solve the murder. They re, like, Me? We re, like, Yeah, you went to high school. Solve the murder. That s not even the worst part about being a cop. The worst part is that, at any point during the day, anyone you re talking to might just break out running. And you have to chase them no matter what. God damn it, I thought we were just talking about baseball. I don t know what you do for work. No way you re chasing people down, like, We re gonna have this meeting whether you want to or not. We signed out the conference room, motherfucker. I don t think white people have enough empathy for slavery. Here s how I know that. When all that Confederate flag stuff was happening last year in South Carolina, people in Boston and New York were especially smug about it. I was, like, I m sure slavery was legal in the North at some point. I went on Google to find out, and I saw how cold white people are. I typed in Was slavery, and the autofill said, Really as bad as they say? Swear to God. Yes. And to answer the question, yes, it was as bad as they say. How bad? Well, how about this: Slaves used to break into song just to get through it. That s pretty bad. I ve been in some awful situations, never came close to singing about it once. I ve been at the airport, boarding a Southwest flight that s three and a half hours late. All the restaurants are closed because it s after eleven. My phone s out of battery, but I ve never looked around and been, like… [humming tune] ? Jesus, save me ? ? From boarding group C ? I don t think people in the South understand the Confederate flag. People in the South on the same truck will have the Confederate flag and the American flag. Do you not follow history much? Having both flags on the same truck is like a woman having two tattoos. What s this one for? She s, like, This one is to commemorate my love for my husband Steve.  How about this one?  This one commemorates the time I tried to escape from Steve.  But he caught me. Now we re making the best of a bad situation. White people have a hard time communicating with people that are non-white on a corporate level, advertising level. Like, marketing. Like, the NBA has been trying to get more Latino fans. They were doing this thing… It s so condescending… Where a couple of games a year, they change the names of the teams to Spanish names. So, the Lakers become Los Lakers. And the Heat become El Heat. First of all, shouldn t it be El Calor? They re, like, Let s ease into this. Sounds like a white dude s idea for how to trick a Latino. In his head, he s, like, Hector, want to go see the Heat play the Lakers?  No, thanks.  Hey, Hector, would you like to see El Heat play Los Lakers? Hector s gonna be, like, Ay-yi-yi! How do I see this game? I think I ve figured out a way to end racism, by the way. Here s how we do it: We just gotta end race. From here on out, we re gonna have nothing but mixed babies. Listen to me. Listen to me. Mixed people will end racism because you can t hate… what you don t know what they are. We re too separate. Black, white, Asian, Latin, Middle Eastern. We gotta spend more time together, and we gotta fuck our way out of racism. Who s with me? Yes. Yes. It starts tonight, and I m calling dibs on Asians. Look… I don t like this any more than you do, believe me. I m saying no more black, no more white. I m talking about khaki. Khaki-colored people with Asian-yet-round eyes, nappy yet flowing hair. I want every man in America to look like those LMFAO party rockin in the house tonight dudes. And I want every woman to look like Bruno Mars, because she is a fine bitch. [cheers and applause] So, up until five years ago, I d never been in love before, and then I met a woman, and we fell in love, and it was great. It was as good as advertised. And then she broke up with me. Yeah. And that was really painful. That shit was as bad as advertised. That shit hurt. Then a few months passed. I met another woman. She and I started falling in love. And I was, like, It s official: I m a lover. And then she broke up with me, like that. Yeah. That one destroyed me. I was beside myself blubbering. She and I were both in a 12-step program. She basically said, You need to go to more 12-step meetings and get some more recovery, and maybe we can get back together. So, I started going, and came to the conclusion, like, I shouldn t date her. And the reason why is because she s famous. Like, in the 12-step program, I had to do a lot of unflinching, honest writing about myself, and I came to the conclusion that I m a star-fucker. Yeah. And I don t mean I like to have sex with celebrities. I mean, I know a lot of famous people from work, but certain ones I become friends with, and I obsess about them and worry if they re mad at me and why they haven t texted me back in an hour or if they heard about that thing I said about them three years ago. Like, really childish, embarrassing shit. I think I m a star-fucker for a few reasons. Number one would be the thing we already discussed, which is ego and adrenaline. Like, meeting Taylor Swift feels good. That s why it s the prize in radio contests. Yeah, and if I met a famous person and we were cool and spent the day together, and they liked me, that filled me up. There s a movie called Devil s Advocate… Which I m betting you didn t think I was gonna bring up… Where Al Pacino plays the devil. This is where Al Pacino finally just said, I can t play people.  I can play archetypes or weather systems, but I can t play people. Al Pacino says to Keanu Reeves, I m just warming my hands off your fire. That s how it felt. I always felt I don t have enough talent on my own. I need to warm my hands off of other people s talent, you know? And people go, That s so lame of you. I act totally normal around celebrities. Stop it. No one acts normal around celebrities. Celebrities don t act normal around celebrities. Being near a celebrity is like driving next to a cop. You can pretend you re acting normal. You re performing normalcy. Ten and two, officer. What do you know? I also think I m a star-fucker for professional safety. Like, if you Google me, most of the things that come up are things I ve done with other people. Especially Dave. You want to talk about professional safety. There s no position safer than being Dave Chappelle‘s comedy writing partner. Being on a writing team with Dave is like being on a basketball team with Michael Jordan. You just win more. And don t get me wrong. I am Scottie Pippen. And not just because we have the same facial structure. So, I think the blubbering over the woman was the culmination of something I started ten years earlier… when Chappelle s Show ended. By the way, if you don t know much about Chappelle s Show, it was a sketch show on Comedy Central. Me and Dave Chappelle made it together. We d write it together, he d star, I d direct a lot of it. And imagine if you and your best friend would have a conversation and go, We should do a sketch about this. Then you d make the sketch, and it would be the most popular shit week after week after week after week, to the point that it was weird. And then it was just over, like that. When that happened, I realized, I gotta take better care of myself. I gotta write for myself, do stand-up for myself, because I was basically just hiding behind Dave. So, that s what I ve been doing. But I might have fucked up. Because I was popular as a writer and director. As a comedian, I had to start from square one. I went from getting nominated for an Emmy for directing to signing up for open mics, which is not the way you re supposed to do it. A buddy of mine calls me Benjamin Button. He says I m doing my career backward. What was I supposed to do? That s what my gut told me to do. My gut told me to write with Mike Schur, then to write Chappelle s Show, and then it told me to do stand-up. You gotta follow your gut, right? Here s the thing about guts, though. They re wrong, like, 85% of the time. We only acknowledge the times they re right, but they re wrong 85%. You just have to hope they re not catastrophically wrong. You can be in the middle of a bad marriage, a bad relationship, a bad business partnership, and not even know it. You can spend, like, a day, a month, a year… You can spend a decade on the wrong thing, and by the time you realize it, it s too late. That shit is breathtaking. So, yeah, like, basically, the way Chappelle s Show ended, I was forced out of hiding. I tried to hide behind the woman, and she kind of forced me out of hiding. Like, hiding kind of comes naturally to me. And there s part of me that still loved to do it. I love to find someone to hide behind, but this is the right thing to do. Me doing stand-up by myself is the right thing to do. It s just more honest, you know? I could find somebody to hide behind, but that would just be… fear and habit. So, yeah, like, I can t hide. Like, I want to hide. I m dying to hide. But, win or lose, I can t. [cheers and applause] If we talk, and you have an accent, when you walk away, I will do a very disrespectful impression of your accent. If you re a restaurant and you close at 9:00 p.m., you re a lunch place, you bitch-ass motherfucker. I believe that there is a God and He hears our prayers and most of the time is, like, Nah, fuck that. When I orgasm, I yell out, Worldstar. [cheers and applause] So, people in your twenties, enjoy your twenties. It s great. You re so far from death. But dating in your twenties is the best part. You don t know who you are, so you think anyone would be a good match for you. You end up saying, You know what? Maybe I m supposed to be with someone who s bipolar. I don t know. I don t care that she burnt my stuff and punched my dog in the face. She s Latina. They re fiery. Yeah, in your twenties, you don t know anything, and then, in your thirties, women, you start to get smarter. Men kind of stay dumb. Women, here s something men don t realize about you. Fellas, every woman in here is settling. Yeah. They re all settling. Because girls have huge egos. Women think they have a shot with every guy on earth. Women will be, like, If I meet Ryan Gosling and I wear my blue dress… [giggles] Trust, trust. So, women have these big egos. You have this guy in mind you think you deserve, but you get lonely and have to settle. Women will be, like, I want a guy who s tall, broad shoulders, and I want him to be cute, rich, thoughtful, romantic. And then the world s, like, How about five-seven, broke, super into college football. Girls are, like, That s fine. Is he on his way now? I can t eat alone again. I literally cannot eat alone. Yeah, my girl is Asian. Look, guys, I walk the walk. And… My girl s Asian. I ve dated Asian girls before. She doesn t like that. She s, like, You re just with me because I m Asian?  Yeah, clearly, that s part of your appeal. She doesn t like that. Here s the thing: You re not allowed to like women for the reason you like them. If your girl s got big boobs and says, What do you like about me? You can t say, I like your big boobs. You cannot say that. You have to like her for some little character reason. Even though I ve never heard a woman describe another woman by her character. I ve never heard a woman be, like, You have to meet my friend Jill. Twenty-eight, from Arizona, brave. You ll know her when she gets here by her bravery. You really can t miss her. She s gonna come rappelling down from the ceiling. Those are all the little strikes against women. Strikes against women are little. You have big egos or whatever. The strikes against men are, like, Creep. Just lecherous creep. Like, we re sexually harassing women on the street. Did you see the video of the woman who walked around New York, got harassed the whole time? Different dudes, like, What s up, baby? Where you going? Ten hours straight. She put the video online. My female friends see it. They re, like, That s the bullshit we deal with on a daily basis. My guy friends, on the other hand, were baffled. Wait a minute. When I see a hot girl now, I m not supposed to say anything?  Yeah, don t say anything.  Then these girls better stop complaining about not being able to find a good man. As if good men are out harassing women. Like Bill Gates and George Clooney are standing on the corner: Damn, Ma, your titty game is bananas. Shit!  Butt cheeks on swole. Yeah, that same guy was, like, A lot of those guys on that tape were being nice. Stop it. No, they weren t. No guy yelling at a girl is being nice. It s always sexual, always about her boobs or her butt. Never about her personality. I ve never seen a guy on the street: Damn, baby, you look like you got leadership skills. Shit! You an active listener, Ma? You an active listener? Straight up, you seem punctual. Also, I never know what guys think is gonna happen. Do you think you re discovering her? You ll be, Damn, baby, you fine as hell. She ll, be, like, Me? Plus, if she s hot, she s been hot since she was, like, 12, or whatever age you think I should have said. Yeah. Those are the big strikes against men. And women, you can be paranoid, overly suspicious. Every girlfriend I ve ever had is always looking for proof that I don t really love her. And you re bad detectives, too, women. You read into things that are not there, draw conclusions that make no sense. One time, I took my girlfriend to dinner to a fancy restaurant. I forgot to pull the chair out for her at the table. She s, like, You re not ready to be a father. What? She was right, but how d she know? Women, you think however we treat you in one scenario, that s how we ll treat you in every scenario. Because a couple of weeks ago, I m watching TV with my girl. I absentmindedly get up, go to the kitchen, get some chips, come back, sit down. As my butt hits the couch, I realize I didn t ask if she wanted anything. And I can feel the nuclear reactor starting. So, women, if you don t feel safe or protected or thought of, your brains go to the worst-case scenario fucking immediately. Like, the darkest place. I go, Why are you upset? She goes, You didn t get me chips. What are you gonna do when there s a fire? A fire? How did we get to a fire from here? That s how dumb and weird my girlfriend thinks I am. I m gonna be in a house fire… Hot flames and falling beams. Be, like, Oh, man, this is just like that time I went to get chips! Yeah, so… And then, back to men… Just gigantic creeps. Women, you gotta understand, it s not even really our fault. It s testosterone. It s a creepy hormone. It s got nothing but bad ideas all day. Women have estrogen. The worst thing estrogen suggests is, Let s get some wine and go on Etsy. Not that bad. Whereas testosterone, everything it wants is against the law. It is like having a prison inmate living inside you. He s, like, Let s fucking do it, ese! You re, like, Take it easy, man. It s 7:30 in the morning.  I don t give a fuck, bro. I ll be doing dips till you re ready.  All day, bro. Yeah, men never say this, and I ll say it right now: Having testosterone is legitimately scary. I hear horrifying stories from my girlfriend. You re at a grocery store, some creepy dude will start following you. That s scary, women. What s also scary: Being a guy standing in a grocery store, having a woman walk past you, and then your brain goes, Follow her!  For how long?  Until further notice. Say something romantic, like ‘her titty game bananas.  Being an adult man is basically about controlling testosterone. Marriage, especially. The marriage vows are: Do you promise to love, honor and cherish? It should be, Do you promise to not let your testosterone try to fuck the babysitter? We re, like, I do. Meanwhile, testosterone s like, You can t promise that, bro. I fuck babysitters. Straight up, I fuck babysitters. Gold-diggers. Let s talk about them. They exist. Not as much as you d think. Yeah, you know how I know? I have a little bit of gold. And there has not been as much digging as I d hoped. I gotta say, men assume there s gonna be a gold-digging system in place. Everything we do is to impress women. Every accomplishment by men in history was to impress women. Thomas Edison invented the lightbulb. They were, like, This is gonna change the world. He was thinking, And wait till these hos see it! You think girls want a rich guy. They d way rather have a cute guy. In their heads, they can make a cute guy rich, but you can t make a rich guy cute. I ll prove it to you. Mark Zuckerberg. That guy s got $65 billion in the bank, but girls look at his face and go, Not enough. If you gave girls the option between Mark Zuckerberg at full strength and, say, Channing Tatum, with, like, a traumatic brain injury… women would still be, I ll go with Channing. I have flash cards. I can nurse him back to health. Because you re cute, women. So we chase you around. You re cute, with your heads and your bodies. It s creepy to separate the two, but they re both cute. Women, your bodies are great, but make no sense from a design point of view. They make no sense. Big boobs, small waist, wide hips, big butts, then short legs, small feet. If you told an architect to build a woman, he d be, like, It s not safe! Meanwhile, testosterone would be, like, Build that shit, bro.  Fuckin build that shit, bro. My girl s a yoga instructor. Every guy says the same thing. Yeah. Nice and flexible then, huh? Meanwhile, flexibility has never been an issue in my entire dating life. I ve never once been sleeping with a girl and been, like, You can only open your legs 120 degrees? Clearly, you re not fucking at my level, baby. You need to warm them hammies up and come back to me. Guys say endlessly dumb shit about sex. It s this constant drone of dumb shit about sex. Buddy of mine recently is, like, There s over 180 sexual positions. Stop it. There s, like, five sexual positions that we actually use. I know there s more than five, but it s like a Thai food restaurant. There s a ton of shit on the menu, but you just get Pad Thai every time. Plus, the other positions are, like, put your foot in the toilet. Why would I do that? Let s go through them. There s missionary. People shit on missionary. Stop shitting on missionary. That s a damn fine position. It is solid, it is reliable, it gets you where you need to go. Missionary is basically… Missionary is basically the Honda Civic of fucking. First in its class six years running. There s reverse cowgirl, good for hitting her G-spot, breaking your penis. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa! Stay close, stay close, stay close. A position I like, but it also creeps me out, is where men are on top, women are on the bottom, and your legs are pushed far back so your knees are touching your shoulders. I call it the Samsonite. It looks like we re trying to stuff you in a suitcase. Get in that luggage! I am putting you in the overhead compartment! I am a ventriloquist, you are my puppet, and we have another show in 20 minutes! Good luck not thinking of me next time you do that one. What s the side one, where you re facing the same way? [grunting] Spoons? Let s call this garbage. This is a garbage-ass position. Why are we fucking like we re underneath the bed? And then, finally, there s… There s doggy style. Here s something you might not know about doggy style: Sometimes we ll be back there and your legs are too close together, so you re too high for us. We have to take your legs, pull them apart and lower you like a tripod. It s the only time in adult life where you actually use geometry. You re, like… Isosceles. [cheers and applause] So, back to my dad. I almost couldn t get a one-man show license, unless I did a full monologue about my dad. Like I said, violent guy. Abusive. Volcanic temper. But he grew up in a really tough background. He was one of 13 kids born in the heart of the Depression to Irish immigrant parents. His twin died when he was six months old. Apparently, his parents put my dad up for adoption at some point. They just openly… A couple just came and took him for a test-drive, and brought him back. Like, that was the system. Needless to say, he wasn t approaching emotional things with a full cup. I basically tried to stay away from him. That was my M.O. Like, I started work when I was 11, and then moved to New York when I was 17. And we basically just got into a pattern of me getting my hopes up and him kind of letting me down. No one wants a bad relationship with their father. He never understood, I wanted a relationship with him, so I would always try, you know, despite his behavior. Like, when Half Baked came out, it wasn t well reviewed… And I d say correctly. But my dad was such a narcissist that he was mad at me somehow, like I d embarrassed him. You know, famously, Harry Truman, the president, when he was sitting president, his daughter did a play and got a bad review, and Truman wrote the reviewer a nasty note threatening to fight him… on White House stationery. Yeah, like, that s the way you re supposed to do it, whereas my dad would have written, Read your review of Neal s movie. Spot-on. And when Chappelle s Show got popular, he was interested again, but I was, like, I don t… Man, come on. Take a walk. I don t need you when things go well, I need you all the time. Then he started to get sick, and everyone I knew that had had an ill parent was, like, You gotta make it right with him. If you don t, you re gonna regret it. So, I was like, Okay. I took it to heart, and I wrote him a long note, and I expressed all the things I was grateful to him for, and all the things that I was angry at him about, and sent it his way. And didn t hear back for nine months, and then I got a voice mail where he goes, Neal, it s your dad. I never check that e-mail address , and I just checked it, and I gotta say, I read your note. Pretty fair. I was like, Okay, cool. So, he s gonna take responsibility for his behavior. That s great. This could really help. So, we started talking. And we actually got along really well. Like, we had rapport. We d read the same books and felt the same way about things, and I was definitely his son. It was cool. Then his health took a turn for the worse, and my sister was, like, You should really come to Chicago and say good-bye, potentially. So, I went to Chicago, and I was hopeful, you know? When you have a parent like that, it really fractures the whole family. So, I went there hopeful. He s taking responsibility for his behavior, and hopefully we can all coalesce around him. So, I go to his hospital room, and within five minutes of sitting there, he s trying to get me to trash two of my brothers. I was, like, Why did I think this guy was gonna be any different? This is just who he is. And I spent the day with him that day, and then I went back the next day and the day after that, and on the fourth day, I got a phone call from my sister. She goes, Hey, Neal, did you tell Dad you didn t want to be in his will? I was, like, Let me guess… I m not in it? She s, like, You re not in it, but he wants to change it. Come talk to him about it. So, I go down there and I talk to him, and he goes, Neal, do you remember telling me to take my money and shove it up my ass? And I was, like, I remember the sentiment. I don t think I would have said it in such a hacky, 1970s way. Basically, when he came around during Chappelle s Show, he was always lording money over my brothers and sisters and their kids, and whether he was gonna help them with school or not. He was manipulative about it. I was, like, I m not playing your game. Stop with that money talk. And he took it to heart… and wrote me out of his will. And we sat in his hospital room in silence. And I could tell he wanted me to grovel for it. I finally said, Dad, I d rather you put me in your will than not. Just… I don t want to have to beg. And he fell asleep. He didn t answer. And… I had to leave town. I had a job to do in New York, that I had to go to for, like, three days. I was gonna try to make it back, but it was that hard, end-of-life thing for someone where I don t know if I m gonna make it back. Or if I should just quit. I didn t know what to do. All right, I ll just try to make it back. But I knew this might be the last time I would see him, so… it was hard to know how to be… affectionate with a guy I hadn t been affectionate with in 30 years, so… I just, like, kissed my hand and put it on his forehead and just, like, empathized with a dying man, you know? And on my way out, I saw my sister. She s, like, Just so you know, he wants to put you in the will. There s a lawyer coming tomorrow. It s gonna be taken care of. I was, like, Okay, cool. So, I went to New York, and two days later, he died, so I didn t get to see him again. The funeral was gonna be the next week, and I didn t want to go, because, like I said, the family doesn t all get along, and I felt I had done the difficult part. I d gone to my father s deathbed and tried to make it right with him. I didn t want to participate in the theater of a funeral. But, through various levers of guilt, I ended up going. It was tense and awkward. I stayed for a while, and then left town. And the next week, I got an e-mail on my phone, and it said, The will of Daniel J. Brennan. I was, like, I guess I ll open it. Which, by the way, isn t in the commercials. It s not like, Listen to music. Take selfies. Open wills. So, I opened it on the street in New York, and I m scrolling down, and it says, like, My son Joe gets one-tenth. My daughter Sheila gets one-tenth. Then it got to me… and it said, My son Neal gets nothing. Which still hurts, you know. I know you re thinking, Didn t you just say you got a little bit of gold? It wasn t about that. If my dad was giving out blankets, I would have wanted a blanket. Just felt like a little flick to the back of the ear. This is what your relationship with me was like, and now it s over, and there s nothing you can do. There s a silver lining to it. You ve got to squint to see it, but I guess I choose to squint. When things had thawed between my father and I… I was talking to him one day and I go, Dad, I feel like you didn t love us. And he s, like, Yeah, you re right, I didn t. Which is a horrible thing to hear, but it also felt good. Because my whole life, I felt like I was insane. I d say to people, I don t think my dad loves me. They d be, like, Of course your dad loves you. I d be, like, No, I m pretty sure my dad doesn t love me. So, for him to just say it, point-blank, I didn t love you, was both excruciating and liberating. Because it meant… I wasn t crazy. And I tried to tell my brothers and sisters what he said, but a lot of them didn t believe me, which I get. Who wants to think their dad doesn t love them? The way I see it now… I feel like they all got money… but I got something I needed.. Which was… the truth. [cheers and applause] Thank you. Sometimes the world can feel like a room that s filling up with water. And for me, to be able to think of a joke is like an air bubble. [inhales] And I can take the oxygen I get into my lungs and it can carry me forward. Things can be overwhelming and scary and hurtful, but thankfully my brain can descramble things… and form a joke. Like, just for one second, things slow down… and I can win. Like, I can beat life. It s the best. And it s so personal. And it s something I m so grateful for. Jokes. I got one more. How about I do it and we get out of here? Cool? [cheers and applause] I like how on cop cars, To protect and serve is in quotes, like they re being sarcastic. [cheers and applause] [music playing]

ALI WONG@BABY COBRA@2016@Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome to the stage: Ali Wong! Hi. Hello! Welcome! Thank you! Thank you for coming. Hello! Hello. We are gonna have to get this shit over with, cause I have to pee in, like, ten minutes. But thank you, everybody, so much for coming. Um… It s a very exciting day for me. It s been a very exciting year for me. I turned 33 this year. Yes! Thank you, five people. I appreciate that. Uh, I can tell that I m getting older, because, now, when I see an 18-year-old girl, my automatic thought… is Fuck you.  Fuck you. I don t even know you, but fuck you! ‘Cause I m straight up jealous. I m jealous, first and foremost, of their metabolism. Because 18-year-old girls, they could just eat like shit, and then they take a shit and have a six-pack, right? They got that-that beautiful inner thigh clearance where they put their feet together and there s that huge gap here with the light of potential just radiating through. And then, when they go to sleep, they just go to sleep. Right? They don t have insomnia yet. They don t know what it s like to have to take a Ambien or download a Meditation Oasis podcast to calm the chatter of regret and resentment towards your family just cluttering your mind. They have their whole lives ahead of them. They don t have HPV yet. They just go to sleep in peace at night. Everybody has HPV, OK? Everybody has it. It s OK. Come out already. Everybody has it. If you don t have it yet, you go and get it. You go and get it. It s coming. You don t have HPV yet, you re a fucking loser, all right? That s what that says about you. A lot of men don t know that they have HPV, because it s undetectable in men. It s really fucked up. HPV is a ghost that lives inside men s bodies and says, Boo! in women s bodies. My doctor told me that I have one of two strains of HPV. Either I have the kind that s gonna turn into cervical cancer… …or I have the kind where my body will heal itself. Very helpful, this doctor, right? So, basically, either I m gonna die… or you re in the presence of Wolverine, bitches. We ll find out. Um, I can also tell that I m getting older, because my Kindle is turning into a self-help library. I m not interested in books like Fifty Shades of Grey, OK? I m interested in The Life-Changing Magic of Tidying Up. Yes. Yes, that s right, how to declutter my home to achieve inner peace and my optimum level of success. That s what your 30s is all about. How can I turn this shit around? I m a horrible person, I m not happy with where I am, how can I turn this shit around? Help me, Tony Robbins, help me! I have a hoarding problem, which I m hoping is the center of all of my other problems. I m hoping that if the hoarding goes away, the HPV will also disappear. I have a hoarding problem because my mom is from a third world country and she taught me that you can never throw away anything, because you never know when a dictator s gonna overtake the country and snatch all your wealth. So, you better hold onto that retainer from the third grade, cause it might come in handy as a shovel when you re busy stuffing gold up your butt and running away from the Communists. The last time I was at home in San Francisco, I was trying to help her get rid of shit. Don t ever do that with your mom. It was like the worst experience of my life. It was so emotional. We were screaming and fighting and yelling and it all came to a climax when she refused to let go of a Texas Instruments TI-82… manual. The manual. She don t even know… where the calculator is. Those of you under 25 probably don t know what that calculator is. It was this calculator that bamboozled my generation. We were all required to buy it when we were in eight grade. It cost like $200. And everybody thought it was like this Judy Jetson s laptop from the future. All because what? It could graph. It was like the Tesla of my time. And my mom got so emotional about the manual and she was like, You never know when you might need this. And I was like, But… I do know… that I m gonna have to clean all this shit up when you die.  And I m not trying to be a procrastinator anymore. Because according to Deepak-Oprah, that s not the way for me to achieve my optimum level of success. I grew up a lot this past year. Uh, this past year I also got married. Yeah. To a man who now has HPV. Very lucky guy. He gave me something. I gave him something. That will also last forever. No, really. I m the lucky girl, because before him, I dated a lot of losers. Lots of losers. A lot of skaters. You wanna be a grown-ass woman, stop dating skaters. Stop dating skaters unless you wanna wake up on a mattress in a kitchen. They re sexy on the outside, malt liquor on the inside. Horrible. But my husband, I first met him at this wedding and, uh, he s– he s much better looking than me, he s way out of my league, and I saw him and I was like, Oh, my God, who is that? And the first thing I learned about him was that, at the time, he was attending Harvard Business School. And I was like, Oh, my God, I m gonna trap his ass.  Going to trap his ass! And I trapped his ass initially by not kissing him until the fifth date, which is a very unusual move on my part. But I did it on purpose, because I knew that he was a catch. So I was like, All right, Ali, you gotta make this dude believe that your body is a secret garden. When, really, it s a public park… …that has hosted many reggae fests… …and has even accidentally let… two homeless people inside. I thought they were hipsters, OK? That store Urban Outfitters has made things very confusing… for my generation. You homeless or you a hipster? Is that beard for fashion or for warmth? It happened to… It happened in San Francisco, when I was living there, and I saw this guy in broad daylight and we had, like, we had… We had so much chemistry. He was like, Hey, wassup? I was like, Wassup? And we– The next thing I knew, we were getting busy in the back of my Volvo. And then after we were done, he was like, Hey, can you drop me off? I was like, Where? He was like, At the park. And I dropped him off at Golden Gate Park and watched him run into the middle with all his other homeless friends, and I was like, Oh, no!  I just fucked a homeless dude! Again! My husband is Asian. Which a lot of people are shocked by, because, usually, Asian-American women who, like, you know, wear these kinda glasses and have a lot of opinions, they like to date white dudes. You go to any hipster neighborhood in a major city in America and that shit is turning into a Yoko Ono factory. It s… too much. I don t know what s wrong with these bitches. I get it, you know, because being with a white dude you feel very… You feel very picturesque when you re with a white dude, you know. You feel like you re in a Wes Anderson movie or something. And you know, white dudes, they teach you about a lot of cool stuff like voting and recycling, and disturbing documentaries. They introduce you to cool stuff like that and it s very, you know, it s hot hookin up with a white dude. I mean, nothing makes me feel more powerful than when a white dude eats my pussy. Oh, my God. I just feel like I m absorbing all of that privilege and all of that entitlement… …you know, just right there, through the money hole and just… And then also, he s so vulnerable down there. I m, like, I could just crush your head at any moment, white man! I could just kill you right now! Crush those brains! Colonize the colonizer! You know? But I think that for marriage, it can be nice to be with somebody of your own race. The advantage is that you get to go home… and be racist together. You get to say whatever you like! You don t gotta explain shit. My husband, half-Filipino, half-Japanese. I m half-Chinese and half-Vietnamese. And we spend 100 percent of our time shitting on Korean people. It s… amazing. It s what love is built on, you know? My last boyfriend was Cuban and his family would shit on Mexican people all the time. And I was like, Hold it. You guys aren t Mexican? Asian-American men are very underrated. I don t know why people don t go for them. They re the sexiest. Asian men are the sexiest. They got no body hair from the neck down. It s like making love to a dolphin. Oh, my God. It s so smooth, just like a slip and slide. Just black fish, Tilikum, all up in my bed every night, you know? Ooh-wee. You mess with a Jewish dude and your body is all fucked up afterwards. It s all red and inflamed and you re like, I did not ask to be exfoliated today.  This is the last time I go on J-date, more like loofah date. Thanks for the rug burn, Avi. And then Asian men, no body odor. None. They just smell like responsibility. That s where the umami flavor comes from. I think my husband and I have a huge unspoken understanding, uh, between each other, because he s half-Filipino and half-Japanese and I m half-Chinese and half-Vietnamese. So, we re both half-fancy Asian… …and half-jungle Asian. Yeah! You guys know the difference. The fancy Asians are the Chinese, the Japanese. They get to do fancy things like host Olympics. Jungle Asians host diseases. It s… It s different. But he grew up on the East Coast, going to private school, playing lacrosse, uh, you know, learning Latin and playing chess and rugby. He grew up like Filipino Carlton, OK? So, he didn t know anything about Vietnamese people until he met me. And on one of our first dates, he took me to this restaurant on the west side of Los Angeles called Pho Show. He was like, It s authentic Vietnamese. I read about it on Yelp! I was like, It s not authentic, OK? You can tell, first and foremost, by the name, cause it don t got a number in it. Second of all, you can tell by the bathroom. If it was legit, the bathroom would double as a supply closet. When I pee, I need to see ten gallons of bleach, an ATM machine and a grandma with glaucoma napping in the corner. And the wait staff here is too nice. We need to leave this restaurant deaf and emotionally abused. I grew up going to private school, too. Him and I are both total, like, private school Asians. We both are big hippies, too. We like to backpack through Southeast Asia. We like to do yoga. We do ayahuasca ceremonies. We do silent meditation retreats. That s right, we pay $800 to shut up for a weekend. We do shit like that. Uh, we eat gluten-free, which means we eat all that bread that tastes like free-range Chewbacca. We eat that lesbian bread that s like… …a thousand percent of your daily fiber… and 20 percent spoken word poetry. When you eat it, you queef a shitty poem about… …supporting Caitlyn Jenner or whatever. And so, it s funny, right, because he s Asian, too. But sometimes, all of this hippy-dippy shit we do… makes me feel like we are white people doing an impression of Asian people. Like, we have these Chinese scrolls up on the wall… and neither of us know what the fuck they mean. We re like, Oh, that seems to go very well with our Buddha piggy bank from Pier 1 Imports. That seems to be providing some good feng shui for the house. Him and I had been dating for four years and I– I just had this sneaking suspicion that he was gonna propose… because… I had been pressuring him to do it. So, you know, I just had this wacky women s intuition. That s how proposals really work, OK? A woman has to incept the idea into the man s head. First passively and then if he doesn t get the message, extremely aggressively. You gotta threaten to leave without ever actually leaving, because you know that you re too old and it s too late to go back out there and find a new man and start the whole manipulation cycle all over again. So, you re like, I m just gonna stick with this dude, focus on trapping this dude, and just nag the shit outta him until he becomes weak and caves in and gets fed up and is like, Shut the fuck up! Fine, will you marry me? And then afterwards, the woman is always, like, Oh, my God! He proposed!  It came outta nowhere. And look, he got me the exact ring I wanted. How did he know? Maybe he saw it on my Pinterest page or something… that I sent to my best friend, that I told her to send to him every day. Let me tell you something. If a man has a Pinterest page… he s probably Pinterested in men. We got engaged on a Saturday. I bought my wedding dress the following Tuesday… because I had tried it on in 2012. I was ready. I was ripe. I was rotten. I need to be made into banana bread. That s how rotten I was. People are always very surprised at how, off-stage, with my husband, I m a completely different person. You– Like, you would not recognize my personality at all with him. With him, I m very soft, and, like, very nurturing and very domestic. We ve been together now for five years, and for five years, I ve packed his lunch every single day. Yeah. Yes. Yes. Yes. I did that so that he d become dependent on me. ‘Cause he graduated from Harvard Business School, and I don t wanna work anymore. I don t. I straight up don t wanna work anymore. I don t feed him out of the goodness of my heart. I do it as an investment in my financial future. ‘Cause I don t wanna work anymore. I ve been reading that book by Sheryl Sandberg, she s the C.O.O. of Facebook, and she wrote that book that got women all riled up about our careers. Talking about how we as women should challenge ourselves to sit at the table and rise to the top. And her book is called Lean In. Well, I don t wanna lean in, OK? I wanna lie down. I want to lie the fuck down. I think feminism is the worst thing that ever happened to women. Our job used to be no job. We had it so good. We could have done the smart thing, which would have been to continue playing dumb for the next century and be like, We re dumb women. We don t know how to do anything. So, I guess we better just stay at home all day and eat snacks and watch Ellen.  ‘Cause we re too stupid to have any real responsibility. And then, all these women had to show off and be like, We could do it! We could do anything.  Bitch, shut up!  Don t tell them the secret. They ruined it for us, and now we re expected to work. When I hear the phrase, Double-income household, I wanna throw up. A lot of women get very upset with me about those comments. And they re like, But, Ali, we have so many more options now. Oh, you don t think we had a lot of options when our day was free? Unscheduled, unsupervised, and most importantly, sponsored? Do you know how much shittier food tastes when you know you have to earn it? A lot of my friends, when we walk around together, they ll get very judgmental about housewives that we ll see on the street. And they ll be like, Look at that fucking housewife. Not doing anything. Look at that housewife, just walking around all day, getting massages in her Lululemon pants. I m like, That bitch is a genius.  She s not a housewife, she s retired. I do write for Fresh Off the Boat on ABC. Yeah. Which is… It s a great show. I love it a lot. I love my co-workers. It s a great writing staff and in terms of day jobs, it s probably one of the best you could ask for, but I still gotta work at a office every day. Which means I gotta shit in a office every day. Housewives, they don t gotta shit in a office. Housewives get to shit in their house. Skin to seat. They don t gotta use that horrible toilet paper cover. They don t gotta… …ten times a day, every day… like you re about to eat a sad-ass meal. They don t gotta do that. They don t gotta use that one-ply toilet paper, that office toilet paper, that they purposely make difficult to pull out. They try to ration me with their communist toilet paper that s not even effective. It basically just dehydrates your butt hole. It s basically like wiping your butt with the desert. I literally spat on my toilet paper two days ago, to try to make a MacGyver baby wipe, to moisten it, and then it backfired cause my fingers broke through and digitally stimulated more doo doo to come out, and then I had to start all over again. And you can never finish wiping at work because you always feel rushed cause you re paranoid that your co-worker s gonna recognize your shoes underneath the stall. And you re like, Oh, no! Courtney s listening. She s waiting. She s timing me. And then you hurry, hurry, hurry, and then you never finish wiping and then your butt hole feels caked in doo doo all day long. And then if you dare scratch yourself, your underwear at the end of the day looks like it s been run over by the Goonies. Housewives, they don t gotta muffle their shit, too. They don t gotta worry about the velocity with which their doo doo comes out. They don t gotta try to, you know, squeeze the butt cheeks together to make sure that the doo doo comes out at a slow and steady pace, so that no unpredictable noise suddenly escapes and brings you deep, deep shame. Housewives are free to just blow ass into the toilet and let it echo and reverberate to the ends of their hallways while watching as much Netflix on their iPad as they want. They don t gotta take these boring, repressed shits. They can listen to podcasts. Planet Money. They can do whatever they want. You know, it s– it s very distracting for me when I hear my co-workers blow ass into the toilet. I lose respect for them. Nothing they say to me anymore holds any sort of credence. I heard one of my co-workers blow ass into the toilet the other day. This bitch had the nerve to come up to me and say, You need to get to work on time. I was like, You need to eat bananas.  I saw those green ballet flats. I know that shit was you. Don t try to tell me to get my shit together when I heard you not have your shit together. My father-in-law had this huge sit-down with me and my husband recently. Um, and he was like, Hey, I wanna talk to you guys about money. You guys need to make a lot more money if you wanna provide your children with the same kind of privileged childhood that you guys had. I was like, Why you telling me this shit? I should not be a part of this conversation. You tell you son that. Don t your understand that I trapped your son for his earning potential? Why else would I choose to fuck one person for the rest of my life? I chose to marry him on the promise of early retirement, and when I said, ‘I do, what I really meant was, ‘Oh, I m done.  I m done. I don t wanna work anymore and I m not dieting anymore. Since I got married last year, I ve been eating fried chicken skin every day since. That s right. And just fulfilling my destiny. Which is to turn into a circle with eyelashes. Like Mrs. Pacman, just… Let s redecorate. I gave up a lot of myself when I got married. I m a– I m a disgusting pervert. I m a pervert. I m a gross filthy animal. And I think it s because I started watching porn at a very young age. And what happens when you start watching porn at a young age is that… y-you get sicker, and sicker, and sicker. The images you crave get sicker, and sicker, and sicker, but it s OK, because the Internet will always catch up to you. I broke up with my last boyfriend because he refused to put it in the back. I was like, Uh, you re a idiot, dude. Do you realize that if I went on Craigslist… and posted ‘Tiny Asian female seeking anal… the Internet would crash.  And all the Jewish male heads in the universe would simultaneously explode. They would explode. A lot of women get really, you know… freaked out about anal. And they re like, Oh, I don t wanna do that. I m scared of– of the pain. You ain t scared of the pain. Women, they wax their eyebrows, they do all sorts of crazy shit. You re not scared of the pain. What you re really scared of is doo doo on the dick. You re scared that he s gonna see that and that s gonna be all of your shame, your inner evil, all your secrets and lies. Sephora can t help you now. But don t worry, cause when he puts it in the butt, all he s thinking about is, I just put it in her butt.  I gotta go call my mom, my dad, Dave, my grandma. You re– If you re married, you re gonna have to do anal eventually, OK? You have to, because you gotta change it up. You gotta change it up, so that you don t cheat on each other. You gotta keep it interesting. If you put it in different holes, maybe you ll feel like you re fucking different people. I was very sexually active in my 20s, and as a result, I m a little bit… …stretched out down there, OK? So, when I finally did anal, I just felt like I got a second chance at life, you know? I was, like, Oh, my God! It s like I m going back in time! ? A whole new world ? It was magical. A big fantasy of mine before I got married was to help as many men as possible discover their prostate. Yeah, like a conqueror. I just wanted to… Now, if you haven t done it before, ladies, go home and treat yourself. Do it tonight. You only live once. YOLO. Just sneak your– Just give your man a little– a little push-push in the tush-tush. Just give him a little Atari, you know, and you ll get a lot of resistance from the man at first. You ll get a lot of No! No! No! No, please! No, really, I don t– No! I don t! I don t! No! They get all squirmy wormy because… they re scared. They re scared that if you stick your thumb up there and succeed, and they like it, that then, it might mean that they re gay. And I like that fear. That shit turns me on, you know? Especially when that fear metamorphosizes into pleasure. Oh, my God! And you just see the look in the man s eye like he s discovered nirvana. And it s like you re the first lady to show him that he had a magical clit in his butt hole. And then, you as the woman, in his eyes, just become the Lord of the Rim, you know? My husband is unfortunately just not as freaky as me. When– When I ve asked him to spank me, this is what he does. Hey. Hey, are you OK? Are you all right? You know I respect you, right? I m, like, Yes, I know you respect me and that s why you need to abuse me. OK? ‘Cause it s the most strong-headed, loud-mouthed women who like to be abused the most in bed. Women who are C.E.O.s, they just wanna be roughed around. They just want their– Glasses always means the woman wants some– It s because we re so in control all the time, that we just wanna experience some risk and be out of control, you know? Like, I don t wanna die! Don t kill me! I don t wanna die! But I also don t want to be sure that I m gonna live. You know? I just wanna be out of control for once. Just– Just choke me enough so that I can t talk. ‘Cause if I can talk, I m gonna tell you what to do. And I m tired of being the boss. I m the boss all the time, so, in the bedroom, you be the boss. Yes. Because I m the real boss. And I told you so, motherfucker, so do it. Sheryl Sandberg, that woman who wrote Lean In, has had such a big impact that now, because of her, there is a ban on the word bossy in elementary schools, because according to her, it s sexist to use the word bossy, because boys are never called bossy. So, now, instead of saying, You re bossy, you re supposed to say, You have executive leadership skills. Which is a very roundabout way of saying: You re a little cunt. I m just waiting for the right moment to, like, become a housewife, financially, you know? I want my husband to get us to, like, a certain point financially. I wanna get to the point as a couple where I can comfortably afford sliced mango. Know what I m talking about? I m talking about that Whole Foods mango. That $10-a-box Whole Foods mango that was sliced by white people. That s the kind of income bracket I m striving for. That s when you know you ve made it, when you re eating mango that was sliced by a dude named Noah. I want Noah mango… …Rebecca kiwi, Danielle pineapple. You know what else I want? I wanna be able to take a stroll on a sidewalk, see a quarter, and just keep on walking. Like a princess. I have some useful advice for all my Asian-American brothers and sisters. Yeah! Never go paintballing with a Vietnam veteran. So, I don t know if you guys can tell, but I am seven and a half months pregnant. Yeah. It s very rare and unusual to see a female comic perform pregnant, because female comics… don t get pregnant. Just try to think of one. I dare you. There s– None of them. Once they do get pregnant, they generally disappear. That s not the case with male comics. Once they have a baby, they ll get up on stage a week afterwards and they ll be like, Guys, I just had this fucking baby. That baby s a little piece of shit. It s so annoying and boring. And all these other shitty dads in the audience are, like, That s hilarious. I identify. And their fame just swells because they become this relatable family funny man all of a sudden. Meanwhile, the mom is at home, chapping her nipples, feeding the fucking baby, and wearing a frozen diaper cause her pussy needs to heal from the baby s head shredding it up. She s busy. So, I don t know what s gonna happen to me. You know, a lot of my female stand-up comic friends who are a lot more successful and famous than me discouraged me from having a kid. And they were like, Ali, why are you gonna have a kid? You just gonna become– You re gonna disappear, and you re gonna become some lame stay-at-home mom. I was like, Yeah, that s the dream. That s the point. This is the ultimate trap. I won, you know? Another thing a lot of my friends said to me when they were discouraging me from having a kid, they were like, Why are you gonna have a kid? Why don t you just travel the world with your husband and just do whatever you want for the rest of your lives with no kid attached. I was like, Yeah, that s cool… until my husband dies. Which he s definitely gonna before me. Because I m a Asian woman, and therefore, guaranteed to live until I m a billion. I m guaranteed, like a turtle from the Galapagos, OK? We all know the phrase black don t crack. Well, Asian don t die. We don t die. Especially the women, we live forever. And you know why we re such bad drivers? Because we re trying to die. We re like, Yeah! Let me see how invincible I really am!  Imma make this left hand turn signal and ignore this red light completely.  I m gonna make a right turn– I changed my mind, it s a U-turn!  I changed my mind again. It s a O-turn! Every time I get into a car accident… …I m like, Oh, my God, not again! I need to hide my face so that everybody doesn t see that it s what everybody thought it was gonna be. So embarrassing. My Toyota Corolla is a mess. There s this huge bear claw scratch on the side from this aggressive brick wall that came out of nowhere. And then, on the hood, there s multiple hand prints from pedestrians who have had to alert me of their existence. I don t know what s wrong with me, but I m still here, you know? I need to have children to keep me company when I get older. It s lonely. My mom is 80, going through a full blown mid-life crisis. ‘Cause she knows that she s got a century more to go. And she is so lonely. All of her white friends, dead. Her Mexican friends, dead. Black friends, dead. I m just kidding. She doesn t have any black friends. Life is not Rush Hour, the movie, OK? I need children to be there for me when I m older, when I get as old as her. And when I say be there for me, I mean pay for me when my husband isn t around to support me anymore. I m not trying to be one of those old Chinese ladies who recycles for a living. That s not my destiny, OK? Old Chinese ladies, they don t give a fuck. They got no shame. They re like, I m just gonna recycle… go bald… go to the park, do this shit. They do that cause it s a free activity. For them. They do it in their– their big-ass V. Stiviano visor, their Darth Vader-Tomb Raider- Boba Fett helmet. They wear that to protect themselves from their arch-nemesis, the sun. Their in a contest to see who s gonna burn out first. Old Asian ladies and the sun are like the Tupac and Biggie of longevity. I also decided to have a kid because uh, I m only 33, which, I know, is not technically high-risk, but my body was starting to show signs of change. And it– And it scared me. Like, I m only 33 and… …my pussy is not as wet as it used to be. It s very demoralizing, OK? Do you remember when you were 18 years old, and your pussy was just sopping wet all the time? All the time, you just took it for granted that you could just reach your hand down your pants at any given moment, you throw up the peace sign afterwards, and there would be that snail-trail in between your fingers. Oh, my God, it was so juicy. You could just blow a bubble wand with it, just… I slime you, I slime you. Ghostbusters! I don t know what kind of mother I m gonna be. I m– I m 33, and I did have to get a little bit of science involved when trying to get pregnant. And a lot of that… is most likely my fault. Because, when I was in my 20s, I ate Plan B like skittles. So, my uterus probably looked like a smoker s lung. And I found out that my progesterone levels were alarmingly low. So, then I had to take these hormone pills that were suppositories, and Push Pop them up myself every single night. And then, at my writing job, at Fresh Off The Boat, I would be storyboarding in front of my co-workers, and then, at some point, the pill would inevitably dissolve and melt into my underwear, and I had to act like everything was OK, when everything was clearly not OK. And then, a side effect of the progesterone was that it made me extremely itchy. So, then I had to find ways to discretely scratch myself underneath the conference table, and then resist the urge to immediately smell my fingers afterwards. I want to be able to smell my fingers when I wanna smell my own goddamn fingers. Housewives, they can just scratch and sniff all day long. They just vacuum, scratch, sniff. They make a sandwich. Uh, mmm. They watch Property Brothers, scratch, What s crackin ? Mmm. Every time you scratch yourself, all you can think about is, When can I smell my fingers? When can I smell my fingers? When can I discretely find a way to…  …smell my fingers? Nature made you urgently curious to protect you, cause you gotta check that it s all good in the hood. If it s too funky, you need to see a doctor. Your fingers are your first WebMD. When my husband and I were trying to have a kid, a lot of people were like, Oh, my God, that s so hot. You guys doin a lot of fuckin ? No, dude. That s– That s shit you do in your 20s, OK? When in– When you re in your 30s, and you ve been trying to get pregnant for a while, it gets very clinical. You pee on these ovulation strips that tell you when the eggs are droppin . It tells you when it s Easter time. And I would only fuck him when it was Easter time. It was, like, only four days out of the month, and outside of that, I would be like, We re not fuckin . I need you to save it. I want your sperm to be as pent-up, and as angry and rapey as possible. So that, when they come out, it s like, ‘Release the Kraken!  And they just come out like a bunch of angry refugees escaping a dictatorship, you know? And, um… yeah, and most of the time, like, we wouldn t even have sex, cause I was so tired when I would come home, and see the smiley face on the ovulation strip, and I d be like, OK, it s go time, and I would just give my husband a hand job most of the time, and he would close his eyes immediately. I know what that means, OK? When somebody closes their eyes during sex, it s not because they re in such ecstasy with you that– that they need to close their eyes. When somebody closes their eyes during sex, it s because they re literally trying to shut the image of your face out of their head and instead project two Latina lesbians that they saw earlier that day on RedTube onto the back of their eyelids. Which is fine by me, because then he doesn t have to see the expression on my face that says, Please, hurry the fuck up. And then, when he was about to finish, I could always tell because the indication is very universal when a man is about to finish. It s when they get that… that stupid-ass look on their face… …where they look like they just got bit by a zombie, just… And then, because we re hippies, I d be like, Hey, hey! Please look me in the eye and remember to come with intention, OK? And then, I would jump on him, and hold onto his neck, and I would just twerk, twerk, twerk the shit out of him… and do some of this shit that I learned in Atlanta. And then I would turn upside down immediately afterwards… to make sure all of that Harvard nectar would just drain inside of me. That s right. ‘Cause I don t wanna work anymore. I m very grateful to be pregnant and to be… this far along, to be seven and a half months pregnant, because, last year, I had a miscarriage, which is very common. And a lot of women who are in their 20s flip out when they hear that. They re like, Oh, my God. That s so dark and terrible. I can t believe that. I m 33. Girl, when you re 33, you ll know plenty of women who have had a miscarriage. It s super common, and I wish more women would talk about it so they wouldn t feel so bad when they go through it. When I told my mom– She s from a third world country, and when I told her I had one, she was like, Uh, yeah. Where I m from, that s like losing a pair of shoes. It s whatevs, OK? And everything happens for a reason. I found out at my six-week sonogram, which is very early. And the doctor says to me, Oh, my God, I see two sacks, which means you re having twins. And I was like, No! And then she said, But what I don t see is a heartbeat. And I was like, Yes!  The Lord is mysterious! Don t feel bad, OK? They were the size of poppy seeds. I ve picked boogers larger than the twins that I lost. And most women won t let their husbands watch when they re going through a miscarriage. I sat my husband down in front of me while I sat on the toilet, and I was like, You look.  You watch the whole thing. And he felt so bad for me. And I used it as leverage and held that shit over his head for a month and got him to do whatever the fuck I wanted him to do for 30 days. He took me to see Beyoncé. He bought me a bike off of Craigslist. That s my miscarriage bike, and I love it very much. For 30 days, I finally had the marriage I always wanted. I m scared about giving childbirth, though. I m– I m very, very scared of childbirth. That s why I m going to hire a doula. You know what that is? You know what a doula is? That s a white hippie witch… …that blows quinoa into your pussy to Keyser Söze all the pain away. A lot of women tried to freak me out. They tried to freak me out about childbirth by saying, Ali, did you know that you re gonna poop on the table? I was like, Yeah, I look forward to it. I m all backed up from holding in my shit at work. I can t wait to cleanse. It makes sense, like, that you– that that happens because when you re in labor, you push, you push, you push, and your husband will be asked to assist in the labor by lifting up your leg, which subsequently turns into a soft serve lever. You just shit on the floor in front of the love of your life. And just when you think that s enough to make him finally leave you, boom, a baby comes out, and he gotta stay. That s the real miracle of life, right there. I can already see how a child can really take its toll on a marriage, because the baby hasn t even come out yet and I am already so resentful towards my husband. So much resentment, especially when he asks me to do shit around the house. Hey, can you wash the dishes?  No!  Can you water the plants?  I am not doing jack shit anymore. I m busy makin a eyeball, OK? Are you makin a foot? I didn t think so. You change the channel. I can already see how there s, like, this crazy double standard in our society of how it takes so little to be considered a great dad. And it also takes so little to be considered a shitty mom. People praise my husband for coming to all of my doctor s appointments with me. Oh, my God. I can t believe he comes to all your doctor s appointments. He is so supportive. Guess who else has to go to those doctor appointments. Me! I m the star of the show. There s nothing for the camera to see if I m not there. But he s the hero for playing Candy Crush while I get my blood drawn. Meanwhile, if I do mushrooms seven months pregnant, I m a bad mommy. You know, I– I– I, like, I berate my husband on, like, a daily basis. Partially because I really am mad at him. But mostly out of survival, because if he leaves me, I m fucked. So, I have to chip away at his self-esteem on a daily basis… to keep him down so that he doesn t believe that he s worthy of another woman s affection and leaves me. I gotta keep him around by keeping him down. People don t tell you about all this shit that goes down with your body when you get pregnant, you know? Your nipples get huge and dark. I didn t know that. I didn t know that they get dark so that the baby can see, like, a bullseye. So that the baby can find it easier. And then, you know, they get big– they get big, like fingers. Like, You, you. You owe me money, you. My nipples look like Whoppers now, and naked, I look like a Minion. But I m not gonna be one of those crazy pregnant ladies who tries to get all back in shape right after they get pregnant. No. Hopefully, if you see me in a year, I will have the kind of body where, if I do a nude scene on television, people will commend me for being courageous. For doing it. Now that I m seven and a half months pregnant, my pussy s all wet again. But it s different. It s not like when I was 18 years old, when it was like, really hot, you know? And I was like, Why is it different? And I looked it up, and my pussy s all wet again because my– my body s secreting mucus to protect the baby from bacteria attacking it. That s not the same. When it s straight up soldier glue, when it s Neosporin. So, you know, I– I, in– previously, before I met my husband, I had dated a bunch of losers. And then, I meet this dream guy, who s, like, way more handsome than me, out of my league, graduated from Harvard Business School. Worked hard to trap his ass. Got him to propose to me. Oh, my God, then we got married, all my dreams coming true, and then we got pregnant, and recently we bought our first home together. And, uh, two weeks into the escrow process, I discovered that my beautiful, Harvard-educated husband was $70,000 in debt. And me, with my hard-earned TV money, paid it all off. So, as it turns out, he s the one who trapped me. How did he do it? How did he bamboozle me? Oh! Maybe because he went to Harvard Business School, the epicenter of white-collar crime. He Enron d my ass. And now, if I don t work, we die. Why else do you think I m performing seven and a half months pregnant? All right, I ve been Ali Wong. Have a good night, everybody. Thank you.

NORM MACDONALD@HITLER S DOG, GOSSIP & TRICKERY@2017@Then people go, Goddamn, at least he s not a hypocrite.  You ve got to give it to him, that s the worst part of it. All right. I ate a pork chop. I don t want to brag or anything like that. But it s in my belly right now as we speak. And I realized that you… you eat at a restaurant different than you eat at home, you know? Like, at home you would never cook up a pork chop on your skillet, you know, and make it nice and hot on one side, then turn it over, make it hot on the other side, and then cut into it and see how it s going in the middle. And then you go, Man, I m going to love eating this delicious pork chop. As soon as it s hot enough to eat, I ll eat it. But while I m waiting, I m going to eat a big loaf of bread. Who would do that? With, like, 35 pats of butter, and I ll eat that loaf of bread.  And that will get my appetite sharpened up…  For the pork. I also noticed that desserts are different nowadays. When I was young, the waiter would come and go, What do you want for dessert – cherry pie or apple pie? And you would go, I will have a cherry pie. And the guy would bring me… Very simple. You know, things were simple back then. Now desserts – oh, my Lord! The guy shows up and he s got a big tray at a canted angle, and every confection known to man is on it. He s… And I don t like the way he talks, because he doesn t talk, like, the pork-chop talk any more. All of a sudden, for the dessert, he s, like, all the sexual undertones. You know, the… I mean, he s all like, Ah.  Why are you saying ‘ah like that? He s like, Ah.  May I tempt you with something?  Tempt me?  Do you like decadent things?  Well, I don t…  I hope you left some room in your belly.  OK, listen.  Are we still talking about desserts here? What the… is going on?  I don t want to end up blowing you in the bathroom or something.  I don t want to end up blowing the guy in the bathroom. Listen… I can be tricked as much as the next fellow, and… I don t want to be in the bathroom. Hey! Wait a second! Whoa!  Hold on here, maestro! I…  I thought we were talking about a butterscotch pudding or something.  I don t care much for you, Captain, I ll tell you that right now.  I ll continue, I m a man of my word, but I ll say this.  I ll say this, Chief.  Were my word not my bond, then none of this…  I m doing it reluctantly. I don t know if you noticed that, but… Sex to me is… First of all, I m an old man, you know? I… I m like uh… threescore and… twelve, or something like that. I m trying to get score going again. I feel that Lincoln, when he thought that up, he thought that was going to go. You know what I mean? Like, his wife was like, Why don t you just say 87 ? He s like, Why don t you shut the fuck up?  Last I checked, I was the orator in the family and you were the fucking insane lady.  When I say fourscore and seven, believe me… ‘score is going to catch on big time. But… it never did. Here s another little presidential thing. You know there s a story about George Washington, and they say, Oh, He chopped down a cherry tree, when he was a little child. When his parents came home they said, Who chopped down the cherry tree? and Little George said, It was I who chopped down the cherry tree. I cannot tell a lie. And you go, Wow! What a great story. But then you think about it a little bit, right? Imagine if you drove home to your house, right? And you get there and go, Hey, what the fuck happened to the cherry tree?  Did somebody chop it down or something? And then you go inside, and there s your child… with an axe. So you go, What happened to the cherry tree? and then he goes, I chopped down the cherry tree.  I cannot tell a lie. And then you go, OK.  The first part of what you said, it bothers me a lot.  The second part scares the fuck out of me. You…  You can t tell a lie?  You re incapable of lying? That would… That would scare me. Now I live in LA. We go to parties in LA. And I go, too, but I m no good at them. Here s my problem – I have no opinions. You know how people have opinions? I don t got none. I… Like political and… So sometimes before I go to a party, I ll just turn on the TV, and whatever that guy said, I ll say that. But I m not good… Like, when I go to parties, I don t want serious discussions. I try to find somebody that is at my same level. And I m good at it. I can… Like, you know how they say guys have gaydar – they can see other gay people? I m like that with guys at my same level of smartness. Like, I can see a guy in the corner and go, I can keep up with that motherfucker right there. And then I make a beeline for that character. And then we talk about Jughead comics for a couple of hours… And everything s fine. Sometimes people go, Why do you even go to these parties if you don t like, you know, talking? Here s why I go to parties. There s only one reason why I go to parties. The reason why I love parties, because I love those little sandwiches where they re triangles… And they cut the crusts off, and then they re little equilateral triangles, and they put a little toothpick. And it has, like, golden cellophane… And red cellophane. I can eat 30, 40 of those fuckers. And you can only get them at parties. Like… I have gone to restaurants and I go, You got any of them sandwiches that are shaped like triangles? And they go, No, all our sandwiches are shaped like sandwiches. I go, Oh, fuck. And then… I go to, like, a grocery store. I go, Yes, where is… What aisle is the sandwiches with the toothpicks? They go, We don t got none.  Have you tried a party? I go, I m trying not to…  Go to those things. But I don t drink, so I m no good at parties for that reason. And drugs, I don t do them. Used to. When I was a boy, young, I would do anything, you know? LSD, that was about the strongest drug I ever did – acid. I don t know if you ve ever done acid, but… When I was young, they would tell me, You have got to be careful with that acid, on account of you can do it, and then you have a flashback. Like, ten years could pass, 20 years could pass, and then you get a flashback. So I thought, Well, that sounds like a good deal, you know? I went to my drug dealer Frank. I said, Frank… is there a drug on the market where I pay you $5… I take the drug, I get high, and then, 20 years later, I get high again? He said yes. And I think of myself as somebody who s good at stretching his drug dollar. But the point of the whole thing is for me to tell you young folk… that it s not… it s not true at all, you know? Because I have not done LSD since I was a teenager. Ten years have passed, 20 years have passed. Sadly, 30 years have passed. And still… no flash… What a gyp that turned out to be. I… Just more horseshit by the big acid companies if you ask me. I don t want to… I don t want to get too political, but… If you think big acid… cares about you, the little guy… They care about their third-quarter profits. That s what they care about. You know, my friend is a vegetarian. And have you ever been wrong, and you suddenly realize, you know, like… Because she… all her arguments are right about vegetarianism. She ll go, like, How can you kill an animal when you can get the same from the grass of the field? It makes no sense. And then I go, I like pork. So… Of course, she s right… and I m wrong. And it s weird when you realize you have been wrong about everything that you ever believed – about vegetarianism, not everything. Imagine if you woke up and you realized you were wrong about everything. You just woke up and you go, Goddamn. I have been wrong about every single thing I have ever believed. Then it s time to go down to the rope store in my opinion, because… It s not going to get better, you know? Go to the rope store – that s my suggestion to you… and get a hunk of rope about this big… and then go to the rickety-stool store. And, listen, it s no coincidence that the rope store and the rickety-stool store are always right beside each other, right? I don t want to get political or anything like that, but… When people commit suicide, no one ever understands. You know what I mean? People commit suicide and people go, I don t understand why, and I go, You don t?  What, do you live in a cotton-candy house or something? What the fuck?  You don t know about life?  How it only disappoints and… gets worse and worse, until it ends in a catastrophe?  What the fuck? There s two reasons guys will hang themselves from the neck. One is, like we said, to escape this worthless masquerade of a life we pretend we have. And the second reason we hang ourselves from the neck is to whack off. These guys… I don t understand. It s called autoerotic asphyxiation. It s a big, fancy word, but it s a filthy thing. And this is my problem with it. The risk-reward… Is not good. And I know of the reward because I read about it. Apparently, by cutting off the oxygen, or something like that, you increase your orgasm until it s one-and-a-half times as powerful as the one you had the Thursday before last. Is that really that important? I mean, we have a lot of things in this country. You know, it s raining in the forest. There s all kinds of shit we have to think about… let alone whacking off. That s our big problem? But the risk – good Lord! People always wonder, What happens after you die? No one knows, you know? People pretend to know, but no one knows what happens after you die. But I know what happens to you right after you die. I know what happens directly after you die. You are found. And this is where it gets tricky. And it s always by a loved one. You know? And you don t want your son walking in, going, Ah! What the fuck?  What the fuck is Dad… What kind… Huh? And that s how you ll be remembered forever, you know? It doesn t matter what else you accomplish in life. See, people are under the misapprehension that their life is like a motion picture that will be remembered as such, but it s not. It s just a photograph, you know? A still photograph, and that s unfortunately how it is. But, you know, like, if you think your son will remember you as, I remember my dad took me to Disneyland in the blistering heat, and, by God, he stood in line to get Mickey Mouse s autograph. It took him two hours. It was for me. He knew it wasn t the real Mickey Mouse. He had to have.  It was an unemployed college kid.  And yet he stayed – stayed for me.  Dad.  He had two jobs. You know, to put food on my plate, and my brother s and my mom s.  Two jobs. And I remember one time – I ll never forget it – he came home late at night and I was in bed. I was pretending to be asleep, but I wasn t. And he came in, and he was very quiet, and he came up to me, and he kissed me on that area between my uh… my um… forehead and the bridge of my nose. He kissed me right there, and he said – quietly, so as not to wake me – ‘I love you, son, ‘ and then he left. And the next day, I wanted to say something to him at the breakfast table, but he was already out, he was driving hack. That was his second job.  But, my God, my dad… Anyways, they don t remember that at all. All they remember is… Ah! You know? Because… Unfortunately, that s the way human beings are. I think if I were to do it – and I don t think I ever would… But you never know. You can t predict the future. I could wake up one day and go, I want to have one of them orgasms that s uh… three-over-two times as strong as the…  I knew that advanced-math degree was going to come in handy sometimes, I just did not know when. This is what I would do if it ever happened to me. I would disguise it so it looked like an actual suicide, because then, when I was found, my son wouldn t go, Ah! he would go, Oh! Oh, mysterious.  Dad s a mysterious guy.  This is going to be a pretty cool story for me right now. So I would pretend, you know, that it was a… it was a real suicide. Like, I would write a note – a suicide note. Do you think this would be funny, just as a practical joke, if you just wrote a suicide note and just blamed some random guy? Do you think that would be… Do you know what I mean? You know, like, your barber or something like that, you know? You go, It was all Ralph Abernathy s fault! Because you know the police would be compelled to go to Abernathy s barber shop… and go, Have you ever heard of a fellow, name of Norm Macdonald? The guy goes, Yeah, he would come in every couple of months for a trim.  Oh, OK. Well, anyways, he took his life because of you.  He wrote it here in this letter. Would you like to keep the…? Then Ralph Abernethy would have to spend the rest of his life walking down… Life s hard enough without having to walk… That s not a good practical joke. I should never have… framed that as a good practical joke, because it s probably the worst practical joke… You know? It s the kind of practical joke that gets you raped by the devil for all of time. I uh came here from Las Vegas, Nevada, and when I was at the air… Uh… Where do airplanes go from? Airports. I was in the airport, and guys were asking me for my ID, and it occurred to me that ID is a strange abbreviation, because I is short for I, and then D … is short for dentification, so… It seems to me D is doing most of the… legwork on that one. But Vegas was cool. They have a motto in Vegas. They got their own slogan for the city. It says: What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas. Which is not true. You know, you can t kill a guy and then just leave, you know? They ll follow you, they ll find you, they ll bring you back, and they ll try you in front of a jury of your peers. So I thought, well, what does it mean, anyways, you know? And I ruminated about it, days and days and nights. Sleepless weeks became sleepless more weeks. And, finally, it occurred to me. It was so simple. It was right in front of my face the entire time. Whatever happens in Vegas stays in Vegas, all it really means is you can go to Vegas, you can have sex with a prostitute… And she will not tell your wife. They re very discreet, the Las Vegas prostitutes. You know? Not like these gossipy, small-town whores back where you live, you know? These fucking blabbermouths. Down at the beauty parlor with that pale blue thing over their head, whatever the fuck that is. Oh, you re Marge Majerson? You re Neil s wife? Well, by God!  I took a shit on him last night…  In exchange for cash.  Nice fella. My favorite thing is the magic phones that we all have. You know, not so long ago, phones were not magic. They were just used to telephone people. And uh… they couldn t take pictures. You know? If you wanted to take a picture – this was only, like, 20 years ago – you would have to use a… you couldn t use a phone. I remember I tried. OK, just hold on there. Just… People go, What are you doing?  Don t worry, it s… I was kind of ahead of my time, but they thought… No, you had to use a camera, and then you would put film in the camera, and then you would go to a Fotomat. It was wonderful. And you would give it to this old man, and he would go behind some beads and stuff, you know? And then you go, When am I going to see them pictures? He goes, I don t know. And then you go… I ll phone you every couple of weeks. How would that be? And then, one day, you got the news your pictures were ready. And so you brought your whole family, and you all showed up, and you got that envelope. It was wonderful. And you opened that seal, you know, and then there were the pictures – a whole handful. Like, you would go, Hey, look at this. It s a picture of Aunt Ida, but her eyes are red like the devil.  Maybe Aunt Ida s the devil.  Hey, look at this! It s a picture of my dog, but I put a hat and glasses on it so it would look like a person.  It still looks kind of like a dog a little bit.  Hey, look, it s a picture of you! But look at your jacket and your hair! Ha!  Look at the way you used to… Ha!  Remember that hair? So you needed that time for the picture to make any sense or have any resonance. Nowadays, you go, Hey, would you like to see a picture of you standing right where you are one second ago?  I got one here.  Your hair is identical.  I guess it would be, huh? In the real old days, they would take pictures like… At my house I have a picture of my great-grandfather, and I only have one, you know? Back then, they only had one picture of everybody, because they would pull that thing, and it would explode and all that shit. And it was just my… Nobody was happy… because it took so long to get your picture taken. So it s just my great-grandfather like… How long is this going to take, sir?  Who s going to feed them hogs?  It damn sure ain t going to be Marjorie, I ll tell you that. Do you know what else I like about the magic phone? Wikipedia. Oh, have you ever used that? That s the best, man. It makes a democracy out of smartness. Everybody s equal now, you know? Used to be a guy would go to school five, six years and then he would talk to me, and I would be like, Uh… But now… Now it s all different… because I have got my magic phone in my pocket. So a guy will say to me – he ll go, Hey, Norm , you ever hear of a fella that went by the name of Claude Monet? And I go, Why, of course I have. I got to go to the bathroom. And then I go to the bathroom, and I m in there 20-25 minutes, and I come back. I go, Hey, listen, I was just uh… We were talking about Claude Monet, and I just wanted to say that, you know, what I liked about him was his paintings.  I like the way he painted. He was a painter, and I loved how he used the paint to make paintings. And then the guy goes, Goddamn, Norm!  I ve never been able to stump you in two years. But I looked on my… Because I like learning on my Wikipedia. And I looked, because I was wondering about fame, the nature of fame, because it s changed so much, you know? And when I was young it was one thing, and now it s a whole different thing. And uh I was wondering how many people have been to the moon – like, have actually walked on the moon. So I looked on my magic telephone and I found out. Only 14 – 13 or 14 – in the entire history of the world. You would think that would make you very, very famous. But no. The last guy who walked… Now, you think he would be famous for being the last guy to be on the moon. His name was Harrison Schmitt. Now, whoever heard of him? Meanwhile, he goes all the way to the moon, hangs around there for a while and comes back. He s not famous, but a girl with a giant ass is famous. Now, when I was young, a man who went to the moon was famous, and a lady with a giant ass, you would go, Can you stand over there? Because this is… Harrison Schmitt. So how many people that went to the moon do we even know? There was… We know the first ones. There was Neil Armstrong, Buzz Aldrin. They went in Apollo 11 – Neil Armstrong, Buzz Aldrin. And even the third is hard to remember. His name is Michael Collins. And Michael Collins, in one of the… just most unfair jokes – I don t know what it was – he got to go all the way to the moon but not go on the moon. All the way to the moon, and then, that little rope ladder, he wasn t allowed to go down. He had to stay in the lunar capsule… while Buzz Aldrin and Neil Armstrong went on the moon. Michael Collins just looking out the window, going… Are those motherfuckers golfing?!  Good God! They re golfing!  Wait a minute, they… they have got a dune buggy now!  I was only allowed to bring so much and they brought dune buggies. This is…  I have to keep up a good face, I guess. And then Buzz and Neil, I m sure they were nice guys, they didn t want to hurt Michael Collins, you know? So they probably went back, you know, to the lunar capsule, you know, and Michael Collins was like, What do you think, guys? What was the moon like? And they were like, Ah.  It was all right if you like that kind of thing, I guess.  I prefer the lunar capsule myself. I…  I can t speak for Buzz, but…  I really do like the lunar capsule. Because that s what you do. You know, most of your life is mundane. I decided to write a book, right? So, it was a book about my life. They said, Just write about your life, so I said… Oh, thank you. Yeah. Yeah. It turned out to be the greatest comic novel ever written, but when it started it was supposed to be a memoir, you know? A… An autobiography. So it makes you think, Well, what is my life? So I started thinking about it, right? So I said, OK, I wake up in the morning , and I eat some Count Chocula. And then I watch Sports Center while I m digesting my Count Chocula, and I phone my friend Fat Freddie. And I go, Hey. You want to eat a cheese sandwich or something around three o clock? I… I got to wait for my Count Chocula to digest, but how does that settle with you? He goes, Yeah, great, so I get together with him. And on my way, I get some groceries to bring home for later, and uh… and then, of course, there s dinner, you know? So most of my life is finding and consuming food. So it doesn t make for a riveting read. It s incredibly repetitious. When you re writing, you learn a lot. I went to a guy who s a big writer guy. He told me about things I didn t know about. Metaphors – have you ever heard of them? He said, You have got to use metaphors. I m like, What s that? He was like, That s a thing. So, a metaphor is like, ‘You can lead a horse to water, but you can t make it drink.  I m like, What the fuck does that mean? So he was like, That means you can take a person, you know, and you can give them all the information and everything, but he still has to be the one to absorb it himself. So I was like, Well, why the fuck didn t you just say that? Like, what…  Why did you have to put a horse into it? Like, what…  You thought I was so stupid you needed to make it into some fable? Like, what…  A horse?  Or sometimes the metaphor part of it is true, but then the literal part is not true. They will go, like, ‘That which does not kill you makes you stronger, ‘ right? Now, metaphorically, that s true, like maybe a woman breaks your heart, you know, or life deals you a bad hand. And then the next time you re prepared for it and uh… and it doesn t hurt you as much.  But, literally, it s not true at all. Literally it s, ‘That which does not kill you makes you weaker… And will probably kill you the next time it shows up.  That s why I like – personally – I like the ones where the metaphor is true and the literal part is true. Like… They say, like, Beauty is only skin deep. I think that s beautiful, because it is. Like, you know, really, what makes a person attractive is what s inside – their friendship, their conviviality, their goodwill, not this uh… optic trick, you know? And so it has that, but also, literally it s true, because you could be the handsomest guy in the world, you know? You could have, like, this chiseled jaw and beautiful, thick mane of hair, you know? Large shoulders and narrow waist. Are you guys horny? Is it just me, or…? Giant quads, a perfect body. Six percent body fat, you know? But you take that same guy and you skin him. All of a sudden… he is not so easy on the eye. I m getting old, you know? I asked my doctor… This is interesting, because I wondered… You know, I know the first two causes of death – heart disease and cancer, neck and neck, you know, to kill you. So I said to the doctor, What s the third most common cause of death? What is the third? And he said, Complications. That s… That s like the doctor fucking up. Like, how is that the third? That s the third? You go, Hey, Doc, I can t help but noticing my father is dead uh…  And I remember yesterday you said it was a simple operation. And he was like, Yeah, we thought it was.  Looked simple in the book, I ll tell you that.  But uh… you cut open a man, by God, it s…  All this red stringy stuff and everything.  Are you a doctor?  No.  Ah, you wouldn t have heard. Way too complicated for you. But you worry when you get old, you know? You get concerned, scared. I remember my grandmother, you know, she was like… I think she was like 85 at the time or something, and I looked at her – she was sitting in her chair – and I said, Hey, Grandma. She had a bruise, right? And it went from her… from her wrist, all the way up her arm, right to her shoulder. A big bruise – purple, green and yellow. A third of each. And I said… I said, Grandma, where did you get that bruise? and then my grandmother said, The wind. I said, The wind? And she said, Yes. Do you remember that gentle breeze yesterday? I was like, Yeah, I remember. My parents were teachers, which is a noble profession, everyone says. They re fine people. But do you know what s weird? They all say, Teachers are the real heroes. My folks – not heroic at all. And, as a matter of fact, I have never met a teacher that showed any heroism. And I have known a lot of teachers, because I was a student for years and years. And never once did I go, Hey, Barney, man, I was just looking at old man Abernathy, you know, at the way he was erasing that chalk on the chalkboard, where he put the chalk earlier… and I was thinking, he cuts a heroic figure, doesn t he?  No? Me neither. I didn t think that, either. I just heard that somewhere. And it s not that hard a job when you think about it. You know what I mean? Like, it s a pretty good… If you have a job where you go to work – like Grade 3 – you go to work, and you re 50 times bigger than everybody else that you work with… That s a pretty good job. Plus, they do all the work. You do nothing. That s… How about the students? How about giving some of them the heroism ? You know, the… five-year-olds that are working for free. What do you need, really, to be a teacher, anyway? What s the, you know, qualifications? Let s say you re teaching the Third grade. What… What do you need? A Fourth-grade education. Really, anything above that… You re overqualified, really, you know? I didn t like school. I liked before school. Man, do you remember that? Before you had to go to school. Man, that was the greatest time ever. I ll never forget it. Those were my finest days, man. I loved them so much. I remember, like, I would go over to Shawn Kay s house, and I would have a stick, and that would be the whole day. I would go, Shawn, I ve got a stick! He would go, Goddamn! We ll go play. It was so much fun. And then, one day, suddenly I m in school. They were dragging me in, and I remember there were tears and… I m like, What the fuck? There were these windows that made it even… You would look out the window and sometimes you would see the stick, you know? And you would go, Goddamn! Do these people s cruelty know no offense? Nowadays, you know, they have the ADD and stuff like that. For kids in class who are like, Hey, I would like to go out! they go, We re going to drug you.  Then you won t want to get out… and run around in the grass and have fun with the stick.  You ll be fine. You ll be good. But, anyways, I m old now, you know? I was young. Now I am old. Yeah. I learned some things in school. Now that I m old, things scare me, you know? I think it s the media that does it. Like, they go, North Korea, you know? And, I don t know, it kind of scares… It doesn t scare me that much, but… it s supposed to scare you. But, like, are you really scared? Have you ever woken up, gone, Ah! and your wife says, What?!  North Korea! That little, tiny country, way the fuck over somewhere. I m scared, honey. I m scared. I ll tell you, Iraq doesn t scare me, North Korea – none of those countries scare me. There s only one country, really, that scares me in the whole country. Or in the whole… What do you call that s bigger than a country but less than a galaxy? Earth. The entire earth, there s only one country that frightens me – that s the country of Germany. I don t know if you guys are students of history or not, but… For those of you who aren t, Germany, in the previous century – in the early part… they decided to go to war. And who did they choose to go to war with? The world. So you think that would last about five seconds and the world would fucking win, and that would be that. But it was actually close. And then… I don t know how that worked, but… Then 30 years pass, and Germany decides to go to war again. And, once again, they choose as their foe… the world! And now… this time, they really almost win. So at this point you would think the world would go, Germany, you re fucking not a country any more, all right?  What the fuck?  You re not a country because you keep going to war with the world, and… no one does… What do you think you are, Mars?  Do you think you re Mars or something? But it s fun to get old, you know? You start watching old things. You know those commercials that are toward old people? I was watching, for instance, on MeTV, I was watching uh… The Six Million Dollar Man, right? And he was in Paris, jumping over the Arc de Triomphe and everything like that. And then, just by luck or coincidence, they went to a commercial, and it was a commercial starring Lee Majors, the Six Million Dollar Man, but as he is today, like an old man. So he s jumping over… And it was for the bionic ear. And it wasn t the real bionic ear from the show, it was a fucking hearing aid. So you see him jumping over the Arc de Triomphe, and then it cuts, and he s in a studio, like, I can t hear too good out of…  This one s no good at all. This one s all right.  This one may as well not even be an ear. And you go, Goddamn. You can t help but feel sorry for a man like that. Because you know, at one time, he got a phone call from his agent, you know? And he probably had all kinds of hope, you know? He answers, Hey, Jerome! My God! I haven t heard from you in 30 years.  You ve got something for me? Well, let me guess. I bet I know what it is. It s that movie I wrote: The Return Of The Six Million Dollar Man… starring Ben Stiller. And then I show up as a judge for two minutes.  Is that the one?  No? What is it, then?  It s a… No, not out of this one. No.  Well, what…  What is that?  That s a hearing aid?  Well… how much does something like that pay a fellow?  It s funny you say that, Jerome, because when you say it, I realize that that s only one tenth of what I used to get from a single episode of… No, I ll keep… I won t… Sorry.  Um… When do they have to know by?  Oh, within the hour, huh?  Well uh… I guess, then, I would say um… Yes, I ll take that.  Jerome, I have to ask you this. Is there any way in the contract that you can put in that um… I m sad? What about those commercials… Where the guy just tells you stuff you already know? There s this one with William Devane, and he goes, Do you like gold? You re like, Yes, of course.  You should buy a big bar of gold and put it in your safe. You go, Well, I wish I could. That would be very nice.  Do you know gold s always been valuable?  Yes, I know everything you re telling me.  Daffy Duck told me that when I was a little kid. I know all about how gold is valuable. There s one that I don t understand, but it s kind of… It s called reverse mortgage. I had never heard of one of these things. It has a guy on it, and he goes, I m a guy… And I want to tell you about reverse mortgages. You ve probably never heard of them, but you all know what a mortgage is.  That s when you and your loved one, you get together a grubstake – you know, a little bit of money – and, by God, you put it down on a piece of land or a house, you know? And then, every month, you pay what s called a mortgage, you know? Which is some money to the bank. And then 20 years pass, or 30, and you have a big party with your friends. All your kith and kin come, and you burn the mortgage, and, by God, you own a piece of the American dream.  Anyway, this is the complete opposite.  So uh… we would be glad to send you some brochures. It s uh…  It s a picture of you with no shelter. You know, I m trying to be a better person. I don t know if you re religious or not. I m sort of half religious, half not. I try to uh… obey the commandments. And it s funny that some of the commandments are very easy to obey, and some are very difficult. You know what I m saying? Like, Thou shalt not kill. Well, it s pretty easy to obey that, you know? But then there s other ones that are really hard to obey, like there s one that says, Thou shalt not covet thy neighbor s ox. Now… I have this old scraggly fucking ox. I bought him used – that was my first mistake. And uh… the guy who sold it to me didn t tell me about all the fucking diseases this thing has. So he fucking wanders around. He can t pull anything. And he has a big thing around his neck, like a bell, and that causes him… neck problems, so I have to take that off. And then… Then I walk past my neighbor s house, and I look in his garage, and here stands the most beautiful… like, blue-grey… Belgian ox… that I ve ever laid eyes upon. And he s brushing his lustrous… And I m not supposed to covet it? I… Thou shalt not bear false witness. That s a tough one. But it s good, you know, not to lie, but it s very, very hard, you know, not lying, because you want people to like you and… Do know what I mean? You want to… All kinds of reasons to lie. I thought of a way of not lying, and I ll… I ll share it with you, if you like? You can tell the truth, word for word, absolutely true, but when you do it… You use a sarcastic accent. So I ll give you an example. Your wife goes, Hey, I noticed at dinner you were looking at my sister. You re… You re not attracted to my sister, are you? And then you go, Oh, yes, I forgot to tell you, I m attracted to your sister. She s like, All right, Henry. Never mind. You go, No. Why? It s true. I want to fuck her. I…  Hey, the only reason I married you is to fuck your sister, right? She s like, No, I shouldn t have brought it up.  No! Why wouldn t you bring it up? I mean, you re the victim in this whole thing.  I remember at the vows, I kept thinking, I am going to seduce every member of my wife s family.  Regardless of gender, I m going to fuck all of them.  Then, afterwards, I m going to invite them over to the house and set it on fire, killing them all.  And then I m going to move on to the next town, where I do it again. It s like, All right, Henry. We don t need to hear it.  You don t have to be like this.  Why? Why?  You re the good person in this scenario.  I m the guy that goes from town to town… fucking and murdering entire families… And leaving conflagrations of ashes that used to be human beings.  I m the most savage and prolific serial killer that ever was… and I ve just never been found out yet, that s all.  Just go to sleep.  Yeah, I ll go to sleep, or maybe I ll buy kerosene all night. So, that s just an example. You don t have to do that one. I m just… I m just saying, that s all. But, listen, there s important things going on in the world, it s raining in the forest. I don t want to get too political with you, but it s a true fact. Now, I know… You know, I know uh… science, and I would not be surprised at all if, like, ten years from now, scientists went, Goddamn! It s good we burned down that motherfucking rainforest.  It turned out that s where all the spiders and snakes lived and shit.  It s what started that snake flu that nearly took everybody out. Nobody knows nothing. But, you know, you re supposed to crunch up cans, and I think it s a good thing, you know? You ve got the orange and then the green, there s blue. You crunch the cans, and then you put that… And you should do that. I m not doing it, but you guys… Should do it, because it s important, you know? It s always supposed to be for the people from the future. That s how they try to trick you, you know? They always go, The children are the future, which is true, but they said that when I was a child. Then I grew up. I was like, Here I am! They were like, Now it s the other kids. I go, You fucker.  I had a feeling there was something here.  I know a Ponzi scheme when I see one.  And now it s the other children. [cheering and applause]. Listen, this has all been wonderful. But I will tell you this. Nothing I have said, really, is of substance. I-I find… And it s not just me. I find… Like, most of my act is just, you know… uh… gossip and… and trickery. Do you know what I mean? Like some cheap magician, you know? So, I ll tell you the only thing I know for a fact, and it s something that we all know. Everybody knows it, but it s harder to act on it, it is. But the only really true thing is that… we all must love each other. And it s very difficult, you know? It s very, very hard. Hey, what about this? A dog loves people. Like, you think it s hard to love people – a dog loves everybody. Like, a dog… Like, my dog, right, I ve never seen such a… No judgement. Like, my dog, all he does is love me. When I wake up… I think he watches me sleeping, because when I wake up, he s right there, and he s like, I love you! He jumps up. He s licking my face. I love you more than anything! You re the greatest! I go, Thanks. You re cool, too. I love you.  I love you more than anything!  I love you, too.  Remember yesterday when you threw that bone and it turned out to be a rubber bone?  Yeah, it was a joke. I didn t mean to hurt your feelings.  I wasn t! I wasn t! I was laughing. It was funny.  Oh, you love me so much, and I love you. This is the greatest thing. I m just going to kiss you and kiss you forever. I go, Yes, you can do that.  I m just going to keep kissing you. Then I go, OK, get the fuck away from me, all right?!  Just leave me alone, would you?  I ve got to write shit into a magic phone and stuff. I ve got no time for this… fucking dog stuff. Then my dog goes, You re right.  I find… You know, I love you, but I… I just push too hard.  I push and I push and I push, and I push you away.  I m no good.  I m no damn good.  But what say… what say I just stood here and stared at you… Completely quietly… until, finally, you looked at me again… with some look of love, and then I jump up and love you again? And you go, Yes, that would be fine.  Do that. They don t judge, dogs. We judge, you know? All our love comes with caveats, you know? There s no such thing as unconditional love with human beings. But dogs, they don t care. They love… Hitler had a dog. Now, you think of that. I m no fan of Hitler. I never liked him. I didn t like him before it was cool not to like him. But there was a dog in history who loved Hitler more than anyone. He would wake up in the morning and go, Where s Hitler?! You know? And Göring, or somebody, would go, He s not here. He s doing some evil stuff.  I ve explained to you, he spends most of his time doing evil stuff. You can t see him that often. He goes, OK. Yeah, I know. I m not trying to… Listen, Göring, I love you, you know? I love Mengele, I love everybody. All you guys are the greatest. But it s just Hitler is the greatest man who s ever lived. This is why we ask that you don t use recording devices. Just… I don t want to be with fucking Harvey Levin tomorrow or something. Did you say Hitler was the greatest? And what would be my fucking answer? I would go, No, it was a dog. That wouldn t work. I would be fucked. But… I ll be goddamned if I m going to end a special talking about Hitler. Yeah, that s what I m going to do – end a special… I m going to call my special Hitler s Dog.

DANIEL TOSH@PEOPLE PLEASER@2016@Wow. [cheers and applause] Thank you. Ugh, believe it or not, that gets old. It is great to be here in America. Oh, yeah. The greatest country in the world… if you haven t traveled a lot. Do we have to constantly scream we re number one? It s always the people that live in the most boring parts of this country that scream the loudest. People in Kansas, We re the greatest country in the world. It s like, do you guys have Internet there? You ever seen a photo of Fiji? I ve never been to Fiji, but I ve seen photos. It looks pretty amazing. It s hard to think we re better than that. We re top ten. Maybe if we started screaming that every day, maybe terrorists would stop trying to saw our heads off. We re top ten. And they d be like, That s fair.  It was that number one stuff that was getting old. America s basically turned into one of these factories where we just have a sign up like, It s been 22 days since our last horrible thing. Then it s like, Oop, all right, rip it down. We re back at zero again. These things just keep happening, you know, whether it s Ferguson or Baltimore. I can solve racist cops. That s an easy fix. But nobody comes to me for the answers. You want to get rid of that forever? How about this? Only black people should be allowed to be cops. Boom, problem solved. And if any of you have issue with this, it s because you re racist. Well, what about white people? White people can be firefighters. We re more outdoorsy. It makes sense. White people, firefighters. Black people, cops. Who wants tickets to the softball game now? Yeah, it s gonna get pretty tense. Might want to put in a mercy rule. And the next time we have one of these tragedies– inevitably, we will– and you happen to be so unfortunate enough to know the person that s being accused of the crime, do us all a favor and don t get on TV the next day and be like, I lived next to him for 32 years. I never could have seen this coming. Maybe you should be locked up for six months. I find nothing more disrespectful. You never could have seen it coming? I ve never met anyone in my entire life that I couldn t wrap my brain around the fact that they are capable of awful things. Literally no one. My mom could blow up a nursery. And if you put me on TV the next day and I was completely honest with myself, I d be like, I can fucking see it. No, it makes sense. Sometimes when I was a kid, I d come home from school; she wasn t happy to see me. I think she hates children. Ladies, know that every man you re sitting next to tonight, if you could get into their head and see every thought they have ever had, you would immediately pull out a gun and blow your head off. Because trust me, they are capable of anything. All day long, every day, nothing but twisted, weird, awful shit is just going round and round and round. And what do you do at night? You snuggle up next to him because you re so happy that you re not alone. And I think that says more about you. That notion that your parents raised you on, Stand by your man ? If you re insane. The second your man gets accused of anything, you immediately distance yourself. Just be like, Eh, I don t know what the fuck he s into. Buy clothes in the next town. We ll forgive you. By the way, I do love this country. We re the only place with any diversity. The entire planet s segregated. You realize that when you watch international sports. Like, I was trying to watch the World Cup, uh, despite hating it. I get it; soccer s the most popular sport on the planet. That s because half the world can t afford AC. And that s about how long you have to run just to get tired enough to fall asleep in these godforsaken countries. You ever try to gamble on soccer? What s the over/under, 0.5? Mm. How much time s left?  It s a secret. I m out. But we have diversity. Other teams don t. Or if you look at the Olympics, you look at our, uh, U.S. Gymnastics squad, we have an Asian girl, a white girl, a black girl. Look at the Chinese squad. Any guesses? Did you guess exclusively Chinese bitches? Yeah, that s all that s ever been on that team. That s all that will ever be on that team. Then they wonder why they re not getting golds anymore. Well, you better get a Harlem in China. You think snapping together iPads all day is tough? It is. Not as tough as it used to be. Now they have suicide nets around their building so they can jump out, bounce right back. Sorry, boss, just needed some fresh air. Back to making Americans more stuff? You got it. This is a tough joke to do as a white comedian, but here goes. Because where this country is now, from where we came from is pretty remarkable. There s nothing more shameful in our country s past than slavery. Okay, it s horrible. But I ve grown up in a generation where I ve idolized black people my entire life. They are better at everything. So the fact that we pulled off slavery– I ve already said it s awful. That s off the table. I m just saying it s kind of neat. I mean, at any point, they could have been like, You know we can just run away, right? And you will never catch us. And if you do, we will beat the living shit out of you. All right, that s about how well that joke should go over. There s a fine line between appreciating the sarcasm and, Ooh, this feels like a rally. And you did well. That s a joke I do not do everywhere. That s a joke if the audience gets a little too excited, I shut it down. You start hearing a couple yee-haws, trouble s a-brewing. As soon as yee-haw hits a certain octave, hate crime in T minus ten, nine… The unemployment rate in our country s around 6.5%. I m told that s pretty good. I could care less. I wish a president would have the balls to say what I m about to. 10% of Americans don t deserve jobs. Good night. Like, that s a number I can get my head around. Of course, there s exceptions to that. That s not who we re talking about. But if you don t think 10% of Americans are lazy pieces of shit, then you have never traveled anywhere. Because the number that blows me away is that over 90% of Americans have jobs. Who the fuck is hiring you morons? Because I wouldn t. The sense of entitlement? Everyone thinks they deserve more than they have. No one s content. Young kids–I won t even talk to them anymore because you parents have done such a bang-up job. If I meet one more kid and ask him what he wants to do when he gets older and he replies, I want to be famous like you, I m gonna kick him in his teeth. You re never gonna be famous. Never. You have no chance. I didn t get here because I work hard. I have a gift from God. Everybody gets their 15 minutes of fame, buddy. Excuse me? That s an average. Yeah, that s zero for you, you, you, you. Zero, zero, zero, zero, zero, 20 years, zero, zero, zero, zero, zero. Everybody gets 15 minutes? You know Andy Warhol was on drugs when he said that, right? He didn t think he d be quoted for the rest of eternity, let alone taken seriously as an artist. You ever go into, like, a cute local café and an artist has their work for sale on the walls? Has anybody ever not walked up, looked at the price, and gone, Who the fuck do they think they are? Just once, I d like to walk into somebody s home and be like, Wow, that is a beautiful piece. Where did you get it? And they re like, Oh, funny story. I was getting a spinach wrap the other day for lunch, and I had $750 burning a hole in my pocket, and I was like, ‘Hey, guys, unbolt this from your urinal and get it into my living room.  You know what the unemployment rate in China is? Neither do I because I m American. I m fucking stupid. It s got to be low, right? Those people get up at 3:00 in the morning to practice the violin for 4 1/2 hours, then they work on math for 12 hours, and whatever s left, they re ninjas. If you think for one second, we will ever catch up with them, you are out of your mind. Just sit at home and be patient until they take over. Quite frankly, they deserve our country. Like, Oh, shit, China s here. Do we take off our shoes? How does this work? Would you like me to fix all the environmental problems on the planet? I can do it. The solution s simple. You won t help. That s the real problem. Stop having kids. [cheers and applause] You hear that? That s not enough support. That s why we have to contaminate the water. Because most of you are not on board yet. But that s all that has to happen. Just stop having kids. And I m not one of these people that cares about the planet. I hope it blows up the day after we re gone. But stop having kids, and then we can have the greatest party for the next 60 to 70 years just pissing through all the natural resources. It would be amazing. But what happens? Some of you, you get fed up. You re like, Uh, I hate my life. You try. [sputtering] [laughs] Look, it looks like me. Selfish. That s what I think of your families… selfish. China has the right idea. They re the smartest people on the planet. If they think boys are more important and two should be the cap, good enough for me. We have a TV show in our country called 19 and Counting. That show should be called Wrecked Pussy. Shocking that one of those kids turned out to be a bad egg. You mean you can t keep your eye on 19 children? You can t be a good parent to three kids. Do you know how I know that? Because my parents had four. What are you gonna do when one of them asks, Who do you love more?  I love you all the same.  Oh, really, a 19-way tie? Fuck you, Mom. And you deserve that kind of language. You can t sell a 19-way tie to anyone. You re gonna have to be honest with those kids. Like, All right, let s see. One of you s a predator, so you re out. Not even sure these three are mine anymore. No idea why the ginger s staring at me. You have no shot. What, you think I enjoy dunking you in a tub of sunblock just to bring you outside, you mutant? What is your X-Men power besides killing every boner in every room you walk into? I tease, redheads. You re just as pretty as prettier people. The reason so many people in this country keep having litters of children are all these fertility drugs. You re not gonna like this joke, heads up. Know that if you have to take a ton of fertility drugs to get pregnant, that is God just saying you d be an awful parent. Yeah, maybe if you weren t such a cunt in your 30s, you d be a mother in your 40s. Let s be clear. I don t want to do that joke. I have to do that joke because statistically that will ruin at least two people s night this evening, and for some horrible reason which I can t explain, that brings me joy to know that there s a lady here right now just going, Fuck him. I deserve a family too. No, you don t. You don t. It s called the American dream for a reason. It s unrealistic. It s not gonna happen for everyone. You want a kid so bad, adopt one, you selfish wench. We re only halfway through this joke. Hang in there. You ever seen an orphanage? I ask this from time to time because I know the answer. Most people haven t. It s a real problem in this country. There s kids that need homes, yet where they re located is a goddamn mystery. You d think that d be a crucial part of the orphanage s business plan… being very accessible. Like, Hey, hey, we re over here. Nobody s ever given me directions to their place, been like, You go to the orphanage. You take a right. My house is right there. You can t miss it. Maybe this is a better way. You ever go to a grocery store on a Saturday and out front, they have a pen set up for rescue dogs? I m not imp– I m not implying putting the orphans in. I m just pointing out that that s also a real problem. They were smart enough to realize, bring the problem to us, shove it in our face, makes the problem go away. Now set up a nicer pen. Put it in the shade. If you can afford Whole Foods, you can afford another child. And if you can t, at least put some hand sanitizer on and sit in there and play for a couple minutes. That s the very least you could do. You ever watch your morning local news where once a week, somebody from the animal shelter will bring a dog on? Do you know why they do it? Huh? Because it works. Because bringing that dog on TV makes somebody at home go, You know what? I could take that dog, and you saved his life. Why aren t we doing that with orphans? I don t understand. Honestly, like–like, This is Carlita. She s only five. You can change her name. She doesn t give a shit. Come on, Carlita. Can you dance, Carlita? And she s like… She just wants a home for Christmas. Life is about perspective. I see a handicap person, I don t feel sorry for them. I m like, Hey, it s like being employee of the month for the rest of your life. That s half full. Pretty sweet parking spot. How d you get it? He s like, Bullet in the spine. I m like, Worth it. Low five, roll it in. You don t go high five unless you have a hill and a ramp. Then get a camera. That s got to be pretty exciting to watch. You can laugh at this joke. Handicap people like it. And if they don t like it, turn their chair around. I don t give a shit. Stare at you, depressing us. You don t hear a lot about the charity work I do, and it s because I don t do any. You know what s better than tax write-offs? Keeping your money. That s just a fun joke to tell rich people. It s not true. I work with Make-A-Wish all the time. That s an incredible experience, uh, for me, not the kids that are dying. Yeah, they chose to hang out with me. They knew what kind of jokes I told. They were okay with it. I don t pander onstage, and I certainly don t pander offstage. And I m telling you honestly, these dying kids have the best sense of humor on this planet. Their parents, not so much, but I don t care. As soon as I meet them, I start giving it to them. Like, Are you sure you re dying? You know this is my weekend, right? And they re like, I m dying. I m like, All right, let s go. Don t cough on me, motherfucker. They want to be teased like anybody else. They can handle it. Trust me, they ve handled a lot worse. This kid I was hanging out with last year a bunch was 17. I m like, This is awesome that you re dying now. You got this in right under the wire. If you don t know, the organization is 18 and under. So if you re dying of cancer at 19, they re like… [blows raspberry] Hope your dreams are cheap. If you re laughing right now, it s because you re a good person and you realize how absurd that statement is, to think that they draw a hard line, but it s funny to think they might be holding their doors shut. You can t get in, kid. You re too old. And they don t even have to hold tight because they kids are so weak because the disease is winning. Don t feel bad for this kid. The first thing he said when he met me was– he told me I was his third choice. And to this day, I don t know if he was fucking kidding or not. That s not cool. I m healthy. I m gonna live a long time. I don t need that noodling around up there. And if it makes you feel any better laughing at these jokes, know that he is cured and healthy now. He s not. He s dead. But if some people need that, let them have it, right? Oh, he s okay? Oh, good. [laughing] You know me. I can t accept life. That s a perfect gauge for if we would ever hang out in a social setting. Know that if you ve ever said any form of this statement, we would not. Uh, there s nothing funny about blank. Any form of that, know that I hate you to your core. Because I, along with some of you, respectfully disagree. You can accept that things are tragic and awful and still have a sense of humor about them. It doesn t make you a bad person, despite what some blog may say. Oh, there s nothing funny about AIDS. There s nothing funny about rape. Uh, yes there is if you write a good joke. There s funny things about it. And some of you may be aware I took a ton of bad press for making that statement verbatim. And then a women screamed at me, There is nothing funny about rape. And I ve never defended myself publicly, despite misquotes. Mainly because I m rich. I m like, Fuck it. I make my living saying shocking things. There s consequences. I can accept that. And people wrote me horrible stuff. Like, Hope your daughter gets raped one day, and we ll see how funny you think it is. Well, first of all, she d have to survive the abortion. [laughter and applause] [groans] Talk about two strikes against a kid, huh? Yeah, I appreciate your well wishes, kind soul. It s a joke, and it s my choice to have it. Yeah, this is where the feminists are usually torn, because we re on the same side on most issues. Abortion? Over here, you have a lifetime of stress and inevitable disappointment. And over here, you have freedom. Well, how much does freedom cost? A couple nights sleep and around $750. Seems extremely reasonable. If nobody is looking, I will take freedom. But they have fingernails at 14 days. Yeah, and I clip them. I m pretty sure Dyson makes an attachment. Guys, it s a great product that never loses suction due to the engineering. Now, in the interest of full disclosure, I m sponsored by Dyson. I get a couple thousand bucks for the plug. They re like, Is there any place in your act where you could fit in our product? I m like, I ve got the perfect home for it. Quick question, what s your company s stance on fetuses?  We fucking hate them.  All right, let s move some units. I don t know what show you thought you bought tickets to, but I assure you this one s not getting softer. All right. [cheers and applause] There s nothing funny about cancer. All right, if you haven t been affected in some way or another by cancer at this point of your life, uh, and haven t developed a sense of humor about it, you re the crazy person. I saw a campaign in Phoenix where it says, The first thing you should do if you find out you have cancer is get a second opinion. Oh, really? The first thing? I was gonna cry for a bit, but all right. Let s make another doctor s appointment with somebody that probably can t see me for a few weeks. That has to be a fun time. Just sitting around your house praying to God your first doctor s an incompetent pile of shit. Then you finally see him, and he s like, Yeah, yeah, she was spot-on. You should have been getting this treated. You have cancer. What if he says you don t have cancer? What is it, two out of three? When can I get some sympathy strange? That s what I m looking for. [cheers and applause] There s nothing funny about child molestation. All right, then don t hang out with me. Yeah, because if you tell me a funny joke about a priest diddling a boy, I m not gonna be like, What is wrong with you? Don t you know how serious that issue is? I m gonna laugh because I m not 11 or Catholic. I don t give a fuck. I can separate between reality and jokes. Who in here at one point in their life hasn t laughed at a Michael Jackson pedophile joke? Let s see if you laugh at this one. Did you know, last year, dead Michael Jackson made $180 million thanks to his new show in Vegas? Which is amazing if you get a chance to see it. There s a hologram of Michael. It sings and dances the hits. And for an extra $500 a pop, you can go backstage and watch him try to ghost-fuck your kid. Uh, you re laughing at pedophilia. Look at that. Oh, and you can t even be offended by the joke because ghost-fucking s not real. But I m sure there s one dingbat in here, Yes, it is. I had a friend that was molested by a spirit. #GhostFuckingIsReal. I ll laugh at the real thing from time to time. How about when Sandusky was asked point-blank on national television if he s sexually attracted to boys and he waited around 16 seconds to apply, and I quote, Eh ? If you don t think I was at home pissing myself… Like, Oh, did he just waffle on that softball question?  Eh. Ask me if I m sexually attracted to kids. I m not. That s how long you should wait to answer that question. You don t mull it over for a bit. You certainly don t eyeball your lawyer. I wonder how he wants me to answer this one. You come out swinging in a hurry, or you deserve to burn in hell. He said the only thing he s ever been guilty of is, he liked to put his hand on boys legs. I ve heard enough. On that alone, you should be in jail forever. You want to hug your son longer than three seconds, you should be in jail forever. Yeah, my dad didn t hug me very much. He wasn t the best father, but he didn t fuck children, and I ll take it. [cheers and applause] I don t believe he has. That s my biggest fear in life, that I do that joke and people are cheering and there s one guy in here, He fucked me. And I m like… I am sorry. I am 99.8% positive he hasn t. He hasn t heard this joke yet. And my gut instinct is, he s not gonna like it. But if he gets too upset, I ll be like, What are you hiding? How many minutes of Hoarders can you watch before you have to start cleaning your place? Ugh. Who are these people? I can t watch it. I m a minimalist. I still want to be on the show, a Hoarders episode, as a minimalist, where the entire episode is me struggling with the one knickknack that s on my mantel. And they re like, You got to get rid of it. And I m like, I can t. With this many people in here, guaranteed one of you is a hoarder. And I m not looking to out you, and I don t want your friends to either. But this is what needs to happen. Tomorrow morning, okay, wake up early. That s gonna be new for you because you re a piece of shit. That s fair, right? You think hoarders get up early? Uh, they do not. They sleep in. They wait till the thrift store s open, and they pray there s new bric-a-brac on the shelves. Get up early. Head on down to The Home Depot. You re gonna go to the equipment rental center. Okay? Get yourself a wood chipper. It s gonna run you around $175 for a half day. On your way out, grab a couple day laborers. When you get home, gas it up. Have them throw you into it. Because you re a disgusting person and no one likes you. And by the lack of people laughing right now, my guess is, there s more than one hoarder in here. But I love cats. We know; that s why we want you in the chipper. Nobody can breathe in your place. I love the show House Hunters. I don t know why we can t gamble on that. Make it legal, Vegas. How much fun would that be? Like, all right, here we go. He s the breadwinner. She s a bitch. Put it all on two. God damn it, they went craftsman? I want to be a realtor on that show just to set people straight. When they re like, Okay, my must-haves are ocean views. My budget is $250,000. You better learn Spanish. Because you re not gonna see the water on our soil. You re gonna stare at the freeway from your comfy condo. They cancelled the TV show Intervention this year after ten years. That s amazing. That show was on for ten years, and every episode was a success. Not at curing someone of drugs or alcohol– that never works– but tricking a druggie into being on television, which is all they really cared about anyway. You re on ‘Intervention.  What? Oh. Man, I thought you guys were shooting a movie about me. Is there no word of mouth in the junkie community? No one s shooting a movie about your crappy life. Sit down; we re gonna listen to your illiterate parents stumble through a letter they wrote in crayon. Jon… J-O-N, the dumbest of all Johns. Jon, hey, it s me, Dad. Real sad seeing you not good. You used to be good. Now you re not good, and that s bad. Quite the tearjerker this week. You were a straight-A student. What happened? Everyone was a straight-A student. Was I the only C student in this country? Fair enough. Just know that if you re a straight-A student, one day, you re gonna suck cock for heroin. How s that feel, nerds? Maybe get outside and play a little more, a little less cocksucking in your future. And not even the fun kind, the I need heroin kind, which is way more panic-stricken and aggressive. I m guessing. I saw a sign outside of a storage unit complex, said first month s rent, $1. I know a good deal when I see one. I m guessing that s a cash transaction. Here s my dollar. I ve never had a storage unit. I m gonna put tons of fake treasure in it. Wall-to-wall fake treasure, like, a chest, coins everywhere. Maybe get a skeleton, put that in the corner. Then month two s gonna roll around. Guess who s going delinquent on their unit? Yeah, just come up with another email address. I m going home, waiting for this episode of Storage Wars. Time to watch some hill people overbid. They pop open that unit; they re like, Whoo-hoo-hoo-hoo-hoo, we hit the jackpot on this one. Standing there with their flashlight. I think a ghost is guarding the good stuff in the back. No, I m definitely interested. Anytime your livelihood depends on you uttering the phrase I got a good hunch about this, know that you ve made a lot of bad decisions. Don t put stickers on your car. Despite what you think they say, know they read, I m poor. No one cares who you cheer for or what you believe in. Just drive a little faster. And God forbid if you lost a loved one and you think the best way to memorialize him is by turning your Honda Civic into a moving tribute. Don t. Because the only thing that makes me want to do is T-bone you so you and Junebug can finally be together again. Like my morning commute isn t depressing enough? Now I m stuck behind you and your word problem, trying to figure out how old this shithead was in the first place. There s not enough information. I got to pull up next to you. Was he a Gemini by chance? 15, too soon. Speed it up. Some of us aren t dead. Don t text and drive. It s the law. Yeah, way to fast-track the big issues in this country. Do you know what you are allowed to do? Write a letter longhand while driving. Completely legal. I would argue just as dangerous, if not more. Do I have to be a martyr for this issue? I ll do it. Get on the freeway, like, Dear Grandma, It s been a while.  Winter is coming. Kill a couple dozen people, like, Oh, no. We should make writing letters illegal too. Can t we use common sense? No, we have to spend millions of taxpayer dollars passing laws. Have you seen the campaign to stop texting and driving where they show you real final texts? Be right… They re like, Was it worth it? I don t know. Were you trying to get laid at 3:00 in the morning? I m not gonna judge you. Maybe it was. Maybe you finally had sex with that one person you ve been chasing your entire life and you can t wait to text your buddy. You re never gonna believe who I… and then boom. Congratulations. You went out on top. Yeah, I promise you life wasn t gonna get better after that moment. Best-case scenario, six months from now, you re sending her texts. Yeah, Thai food s fine. Whatever. You can t text and drive, but you can have a three-course Taco Bell meal in your lap at 2:00 in the morning? Everyone knows you re drunk as shit. You ought to be arrested as soon as you place the order. [cheers and applause] I m sorry. We re gonna need you to step out of the car. There s no such thing as a gordita wrapped inside a gordita wrapped inside yet another gordita.  There will be. Why do people make a big deal about last meals in prison? What do you want for your last meal?  Uh, I don t know. I kind of lost my appetite. Don t know if you heard, gonna be murdered tomorrow.  Well, you have to eat something.  Make it a burrito. You re gonna clean some shit up. Yeah, now neither one of us are looking forward to tomorrow. I was watching one of those locked up shows. I saw a guy that was shanked 682 times. Now, let s all agree that that s a lot. Do you have any idea how long it would take to stab somebody 682 times? I did the math. Don t rack your brain. At two stabs per second, which I believe is a doable rate… That s still 5 minutes 45 seconds-ish of stabbing someone. That s not even factoring in getting tired, having to switch to your nondominant hand, like… Here s the crazy part. He lived. Yeah, there s your upside for obesity, America. Why don t you get back in line, hit that buffet one more time on the off chance you get stabbed 682 times? Like… [huffing] Walk it off. Off topic, if you ve ever bragged about doing a half marathon, you can shut the fuck up forever. [cheers and applause] When did that even become a thing? A half marathon? Ooh. I just finished reading half a book. Yeah, big, thick one. Got to the middle, set it down. I ll never look at it again. I can bench press around 450 pounds one half time. Just the down part. The point is, until you ve shit yourself and your nipples are bleeding at mile 26, you ve accomplished nothing and no one wants to hear about it. [cheers and applause] Mexicans? You know who you are. You are not supposed to be here. I love Mexicans. I love Mexican food, but next time I m in your restaurant, please don t come up to my table and ask if I would like to start with the house-made guacamole. You know good goddamn well I want that guacamole. Let s just bring it out. I make that kind of money now. What s upsetting to me is when my entrée comes with a free side of guacamole staring me in the face, teaching me a costly lesson in patience. That s too much guacamole. What kind of Ponzi scheme are you Mexicans up to? This joke is stupid. I don t care. What happened in the last ten years in this country where we ve become so obsessed with guacamole? Is there gonna be guacamole there?  Honey, get dressed. It s avocado season. This joke doesn t work in Canada because they ve never heard of Mexicans. Canada has the greatest fence ever built… America. It is foolproof if you can afford it. Really easy to be the cool, open-minded, hippie country when there s a Kevlar Snuggie of America draped around your fat, frozen asses, daring the world to talk shit. We don t use our military. Uh, we know. We got you taken care of. Go back to bed. We ll wake you when the NHL play-offs start. [cheers and applause] By the way, has enough time passed in this country that we can openly and honestly talk about the great things Osama bin Laden did for us? And don t act like he didn t do anything good. How about the fact that we immediately know September is nine? That s not nothing. That s not noth– Do you remember what we used to do? January, February, March, April, May, June, July, August… nine. Honey, it s nine. I use it for August. 9/11 minus one… eight. How about the fact that every time you take your wife or your girlfriend to the airport, you no longer have to walk her all the way to the gate? Yeah, maybe next time you do a drop-off, you give him a quick, Thanks, Osama.  Hope you re enjoying that good young tight stuff they hand out up there. Are we okay with mocking his beliefs? I did that joke in Utah, and they laughed like that s the crazy religion. Those stupid Muslims. They only have one heaven. I believe Mormons have three. I ve never read their plates. Some of you are too young to remember pre-9/11 airport drop-offs, but they were the worst. Your girlfriend s like, Can you give me a ride to the airport? And you re like, Yeah, I d love to. Because there s never been a service invented that would take you to the airport. What time s your flight?  4:15 a.m.  Perfect. No, I was gonna get up at 2:00 anyway, so that works out. No, you know me; 2:00 rolls around, and my body s like ‘Start your day; it s 2:00.  Then you re driving to the airport; she s like, You gonna come inside?  Yeah, why wouldn t I? Parking there s so convenient. Besides, I like to start every day with a two-mile stress-filled sprint walk. Oh, your flight s delayed an hour and a half? Perfect, I ll get a Cinnabon, get diabetes before you take off. Do you remember? Some guys wouldn t even leave after they boarded. They would just stand at a window waving at a machine backing up because they were so happy to finally be alone. Now what do you get to do thanks to Osama? Barely slow down and kick them to the curb. Yeah, I don t know about you, but I say that s worth a tower. [audience groans] Not two–not two. Not two. Whoa. That was close. No, no, no, rightfully so. I fucking thought he meant both of them. He didn t. He only meant one. He cleared it up.  Which one?  Does it matter?  To my uncle. There you go; now everyone s offended. If I can take a– a quick moment to be sincere, and then I ll go back to being an asshole, know that I appreciate this, uh, that this isn t lost on me. I didn t have dreams of grandeur getting into comedy. Uh, it s overwhelming. Uh, thank you for coming out. I know that eventually this will come to a crashing halt. I m not gonna stop saying awful things. Eventually I ll say the one thing where it s like, Oop, there goes his career. Wow, he thought he could say that, huh? I actually wrote a career suicide note. Would you like to hear it? Dear Jews… That s all I ve got so far. This–right? Right now, people are like, Oh, fuck, he s doing it. Here we go. God. Start out strong. Burn some bridges. No. I don t meet fans after the shows mainly because I don t want to. For good reason. I have a very large social media presence to pat myself on the back about things that don t matter. On average, I receive around 1,200 death threats a week. Yeah, no, it s fun standing up here. Sorry I don t want to shake hands with the guy that wrote, Die, fag, die. #YoureAFag.  I m a fan, I was kidding. I apologize sincerely about ticket prices, but you have to understand, I can t risk performing in front of the type of people that can afford $10. [cheers and applause] And as hard as that joke is for some of you to swallow, there s other people in here that are like, I actually appreciate him saying that because I was like, ‘This is way too much money,  but now that I think about it, yeah, I wouldn t stand in front of those monsters either. You can get lucky and find a ten. Like, Oh, I m gonna murder someone. [laughs softly] People accuse me of everything online. Misogynistic, I get that. No, I m just a male comic with dumb jokes. If I was a female comic, the jokes would be completely opposite and empowering, and the crowds would be a lot smaller. Yeah, cause you don t support your own, ladies. That s on you. Racist– I don t like hearing that. I never, never use the N word… into a microphone… anymore. I m so aware of social issues. Even when I m home alone doing laundry, I won t use the word colors. Yeah, I do a load of whites and a load of darkies, and that s it. That s it. Because I want to be on the right side of history. My parents live in the same house. Just to point out what kind of maniacs some of you are. Every day of my parents life, somebody will ring the doorbell and just be standing at the door and just, like, staring at my mom. And my mom will be like, Yeah, I m his mother. And they ll be like, Is he gay? And then they run away. I m not gay. I have a– I have a girlfriend, not by choice. I blame Hollywood for ruining every relationship that I ve ever been in. What you don t realize is how negatively they affect your relationships. Everyone s aware of the liberal media bias in the news, but what about the way they portray couples in every sitcom, where there s a dumb husband chasing his wife around the whole episode like, I want to have sex, and she s never in the mood? They just hammer that stereotype home that men always want to have sex and women never do. Let s get this out of the way right now. Women want to have sex way more often than men. [cheers and applause] I assure you, ladies, this is not the perspective you re going to enjoy. I don t know if you re new to my comedy or not. I have a very gender-specific slant that I ride pretty hard. Because the reality is, whether you want to admit it or not, no man s ever loved you more or been more physically attracted to you than he was the first time he had sex with you. And from that moment, it goes down. Okay, now, don t look at him right now and make the evening uncomfortable. Is that true? And then he has to be like… No. I m pretty sure he s queer. I don t care what he says. It s true 100% of the time. How fast it dives is case by case. It doesn t have to fall off a cliff immediately. We ve all been there when it does. Can you be happily married for 50 years? Of course you can, but know that for him, every time you have sex, it s going down a notch. Men die ten years earlier because we fucking want to. Don t make him feel inadequate. Don t challenge his drive. I m with the only guy in the world that doesn t want to have sex all the time. Uh, no, you re not. When I m in a relationship, I can go two to three weeks without thinking about sex. When I m single, I need to masturbate twice a day before I step outside, or I will sexually assault someone. I assure you his drive is fine. It s the product that s sour. Is that too harsh? Your snatch has spoiled. Is that softer? And I know what your response should be. Well, then maybe you shouldn t be in a relationship if that s how you feel. But that s not how I m wired. I like to be in a relationship at first. And I won t cheat on you, and I won t break up. So every time I fall in love, I m like, Fuck, here goes three years. I don t even understand how real dating sites exist. Whenever I m in a relationship, my dream scenario is that I come home from work, open the door, and catch her blowing someone. That s not a big laugh. But notice, there are people laughing. Do you know why? Because for the first time in a long time, there s guys in here going, I m not alone. That they can understand that twisted logic. They just come home, open the door, and there she is just… [guttural humming] You re home early. And you re like, Oh, shit. You can t do that. I m out of here. Yeah, no, we don t even talk anymore. I m just magically happy again. Do I get that? Nope. Every time I open the door, there she is, Hi, I m not blowing anybody. Where should we go for dinner? Gun range? [laughs] I m teasing. I m teasing. I ve never drugged a woman. I feel it s good if you re a comic and can say that truthfully. Okay– sure, if my girlfriend asks for Tylenol, I ll grab Tylenol PM, but that s only because I want to watch TV by myself. I don t think I ll go to jail for that. If you ve ever convinced your man to go to a Halloween party or a costume party of any sorts and he s dressed up, know that he s cheated on you. You re welcome. Now, what you do with that information is up to you. It s just a theory I m working on, but I think it s foolproof. Because this is how this conversation should go if you re in a relationship with a man who s never cheated on you. Hey, honey, next week, we re going to go to this funny Christmas sweater party.  Fuck that.  What?  Nope, no, I m not. I m an adult. I m gonna stay home and watch TV and then go to bed. That s what a man says that has never cheated on you. A man that s cheated on you goes, Oh, I owe her. Yeah, that sounds fun. Let s go. I only like this joke because I know there s a guy in here right now going, What the fuck was that about? Out of nowhere. I grew up in Florida. I m a die-hard Dolphins fan. Cheering for the Dolphins is like getting tested for an STD. I think I could win, but I know I don t deserve to. And I don t care that people boo. You need people to hate your team, or cheering for your team s no fun. That s the whole point. If I make a sexist joke and a group of women are offended by it, these same moron guys will be like, Oh, the world s so PC. You can t tell jokes anymore. But if I make fun of their team, they re like, I will fucking kill you. Oh, it is so fun to make fun of people s sports teams. I m actually one of the few people that s a die-hard Heat fan that s glad LeBron went back to Cleveland. If you ve never been to Cleveland, congratulations. Cleveland s one of the few places ISIS could fly over and they d be like, Oh, my goodness, what happened down there? No one should have to live like that. Is there anything we can do to help them get back on their feet? That s how bad Cleveland– you can take a newborn baby onstage in Cleveland, Ohio, douse it in gasoline, light it on fire, and punt it into the crowd, and they will be less offended than if you go, Well, I see why LeBron left this shithole. Which is all I said to start my show, and it ruined it. Like, they literally were like, Well, we re not gonna laugh anymore.  Well, I m not gonna give you your money back. I don t– Oh, no, I burned this market. Let s just put it in perspective for you. They crucified this kid for leaving. You forget he was a kid cause he looked 40 when he was 8. But he left when he was a 25-year-old billionaire. And he s not even from Cleveland. He s from Akron. That s a shittier city 90 miles away, and–wait for it– he s from the shitty part of the shittier city. And he just wanted to play basketball someplace else, and they killed him. I grew up on a private golf course in Florida. If I had a billion dollars when I was 25 years old, I would shit on this stage mid-set. Just shit, stare at you people, continue my act, like, Hey, pick that up. You d be like, What? I m not picking that up. And I d say, What d you say? And then I d throw a million dollars at your head. And you d be like, God damn it, I m picking this up, aren t I? I would be out of my mind. Or when people get on Justin Bieber for drinking and speeding in his car. Yeah, a 21-year-old billionaire. You want to know how I would act if I had that kind of money at that age? I would rollerblade around Los Angeles, jerking off on hot chicks. None of you would have an issue with it. You d be like That s Daniel, ah.  He s only 21. He hasn t figured things out yet. He s worth a billion dollars. That s pressure that I can t relate to. My opening line in New Orleans, beautiful theater like this, nice ovation. I walk onstage. The first thing out of my mouth before thank you, Fuck the Saints. I m not gonna pander to your city just because Mother Nature gave you a much-needed bath. Trust me when I tell you no one in here has ever experienced a wave of hatred like I have… as if the levees had broke again. They lost their mind. They couldn t even comprehend it quick enough. What did he say? I will murder him where he stands. But then they had the inner dialogue. That was his first joke. We paid a lot. Go on. And the only reason I say things like that anyway is because backstage, I have friends like, I bet you won t say it. And apparently $5 still means something to me. I m like, What? You don t think I ll ruin the show? Watch this. I hope the world ends in my lifetime. I want to see it. I don t want it to end tonight. And I know the hand that I was dealt. When shit hits the fan, I don t make good decisions. I die hour one. Hey, we need to go north.  I don t know where north is. I m gonna stay here, guys. Dead. Some of you, you re gonna survive for a while. Good for you. Sizing people up as quick as you can. Do you know how to fly a plane?  No. Knife to the throat. Out of my way. You re useless. That s what I ve learned from watching movies. If anybody ever comes running up to you screaming, Do you know how to fly a plane? muster up some courage in a hurry. Yep. Nobody screaming, Do you know how to fly a plane? doesn t have horrible things happening right behind them. Just jump in that cockpit. Just start flipping switches. Calm down. My plane s a little different. Have you out of here in no time. Does this have a mirror? No. Okay, that was a joke, haha. That s how you survive a little bit longer. I watch any TV show with Alaska in the title just so I can see what a real man is supposed to look like. Or Bear Grylls? I love him. A British Green Beret giving us survival tactics while we sit on the couch and snack. Come on, who s that show for? I can rule out half the planet. I don t know a woman that can do one pull-up, let alone climb a vine up a waterfall to eat a bat. Yeah, heads up, ladies, you re gonna die at the bottom. I m going up there to eat bat. Do you know how to eat a bat? I saw this episode. I ll tell you. It s not as hard as you think. First thing you have to do, catch a fucking bat. I m out. Catch a bat? Yeah, I can t kill a fly in under three hours in my house with equipment. You want me to blindly walk into a scary cave and barehand a flying AIDS rat? That s literally all he does. He just walks in and just snatches it by the feet or hooves or whatever the fuck bats have. And close your eyes, PETA. Here comes the tough part. Then he just bashes it over a rock cause he wants his snack tender. Meanwhile his camera crew s just laughing, eating Luna bars, like, What the fuck is wrong with him? Doesn t this stinky Brit realize American reality television is fake? We can pause the camera and put granola and pudding down and be like, ‘You have to eat your bat to survive.  He s chewing on a real bat; he s like, Uh-oh, this could be a poisonous bat. What the fuck did you just say? It s 11:30 at night. I m trying to go to bed. Now I have to get up and Google what bats are edible? If there s a faint yellow diamond under the left eye, be wary. I m looking at women that aren t laughing. My guess is, you re hung up on the part where I said you can t do a pull-up and you checked out? I can do a pull-up. Yeah, and there s a reason you re here alone. Your shoulders are gross and nobody likes you. You should knock it off with the CrossFit. Nobody needs to flip a tire in 2015. We all have AAA. You haven t had your period in four years for a reason. You re growing a dick. Now– now lighten up. May I open the door for you? Nope, I ve got it. [blows forcefully] Woman. You re the superior sex. I don t care. You ever get road rage? That s embarrassing. I ve had road rage before and won, and I ve had road rage and lost. I m gonna tell you two different stories. You can determine which is which. And the first one, I want to point out, I was pretty young at the time. And the only reason I want you to know that is because I don t approve of what I said. But I had just moved out here to Los Angeles. I was in traffic in my Acura with the sunroof open. Yeah, I was doing pretty well from day one. Started from the upper-middlish. Now I m here. I was yelling through my sunroof at a guy in a delivery truck, and I don t remember what we were fighting over. But at one point, I may have yelled, That s why you have to work on Saturday, you piece of shit. And then he spit a mouthful of Doritos onto me. So I lost, right? If a man spits a mouthful of Doritos on your face, you have two options. You can, one, get a machete and murder everyone in his family. Or, two, you can close your sunroof because that psycho is not bluffing. I had chewed-up Dorito on my lip. I can still feel it right now. I didn t have any napkins in my glove compartment. That was over 15 years ago. You think there s napkins in my glove compartment today? You re goddamn right there is. Every time I go to a restaurant, I take a big fuck you to the environment stack. And they re like, Hey, don t take so many napkins. I m like, I had chewed-up Dorito from another man on my face. Now, here s a time more recently that I had road rage. I think I handled things a little more maturely. Again, I was in Los Angeles. I was on the 10 Freeway eastbound, middle lane– don t know what that says about my personality, but that s where you ll find me. I m not an aggressive driver. Drive a station wagon. I was doing nothing wrong. I saw a car changing lanes, driving like a maniac, cutting people off. He was coming toward me. He wanted me to get out of the way. I chose not to. I m like, Fuck it, slam into me. He didn t, but he got on my bumper, and he was irritated, and he was flipping me off. I notice he has a wedding ring on, and his wife s in the front seat. And at that moment, oh, I got real confident. Because I m like, There s no way you re gonna go to the level of crazy that I m about to, not with your wife sitting next to you. Like, at some point, she s gonna have to be the voice of reason. Like, Stop it, Phillip. Just drive. I m scared. So I got real brave, right? I m flipping him off. I m brake checking. I m holding the windshield wiper fluid on. Like– is that your move? Yeah, oh, very passive-aggressive. I ve cleared my calendar. I m doing nothing for the rest of my life except irritating this asshole behind me. We re going about ten miles an hour on the freeway at this point, and he won t pass me. I kind of respect it. I m out of fluid. My exit s coming up. So I get off the freeway, and then he follows me right off the freeway. And at that moment, the real Daniel came crashing back, where I m like, Aw, shit. You were supposed to keep driving. That s not your wife. That s a hooker you re gonna murder, isn t it? Like– You got to think fast. What do you do? Well, I know this exit. It s the Robertson exit, if you want to verify it. There s a very large black homeless guy at the bottom with a sign that just said Food. I aggressive drove toward him with this guy right on my bumper, slammed on my brakes to a dead stop so he s pinned behind me, can t get around. I roll my window down. I give the guy $20. I say, You need to go crazy on the car behind me. I swear, he doesn t even hesitate. Both hands on the hood, cocks his head, starts screaming at the guy. Meanwhile I m like, Oh, shit, he s gonna murder him too. Now I got blood on my hands, but I don t really care cause it s a homeless guy. And I m like, It s probably not even the worst decision he s made today. So I take off. And the driver shoots me one last look, and I appreciate it because he certainly didn t have to. But he gave me the, uh, You won. [cheers and applause] And I ve never felt better about anything I have ever done in my entire life. You know, for the rest of his life, every time he gets in the car with his wife, she s gonna be like, You remember the one time with the homeless guy, uh? Maybe I should drive. That s all I m saying, hothead. So remember that next time you lose your cool behind the wheel. Calm down. Find a homeless person. Pay them to do it for you. Way safer, and you feel good about yourself. And the only part of that story I embellished even the slightest bit was the amount of money that I gave him, because if you think I m giving out 20s, you re fucking crazier than he was. Thank you very much. Good night. [cheers and applause]

HANNIBAL BURESS@COMEDY CAMISADO@2016@[indistinct conversations] [woman laughing] [host] Please welcome to the stage Hannibal Buress! [audience cheering] [hip-hop music playing] What s up, Minneapolis? Thank you. Thank you, Minneapolis! Yeah! [audience cheering] Yeah. A lot of people were asking me, why am I filming my special in Minneapolis? [man] Why? Even people in Minneapolis were like, Why are you doing this? [audience laughing] Why are you doing this? And it s because… The rest of the country doesn t know this, but touring comedians… know and recognize Minneapolis as one of the best cities to perform comedy in. You know? I m just sayin . [audience cheering] And also, four years ago, I had a threesome here, and… [audience laughing] I chase that moment with every visit I… [chuckles] Every time I return, I chase that moment. [chuckles] I gotta tell y all something. There s something I have to tell you guys. These are fake glasses. I don t wear… I got… These are fake glasses. I just wear these glasses to make you comfortable, cause that s how I am on television. With glasses on. But I don t wear glasses anymore. I got LASIK. Look, these are fake. Watch this. [audience cheering, laughing] [applauding] It s fake glasses. I ll do this, too. I don t need this. I got LASIK eyeball surgery. LASIK surgery, perfect vision. Perfect goddamn… Hey, don t cheer for me like I won a raffle or some shit. I paid for it, full price. These ain t no Kickstarter eyes right here. One swipe, the transaction was done. No downside to LASIK. Except for the fact that without my glasses, I sort of look like how Milhouse from The Simpsons looked like without his glasses. I have very beady, shady little eyes. But besides that, it s been smooth sailing. I see all types of stuff I wasn t able to see. Even with my glasses, I was missing details. Like, sir, you in the balcony, all the way in the back, in the center, with my LASIK… I can see… that you re a real piece of shit. [audience laughing] And I wasn t able to see stuff like that. I wasn t able to make easy dumbass jokes like that either. But lately, I ve been firing em off all the time, and the people love it. You have to sign a waiver when you get LASIK. You can t just get it. I signed a waiver that said that if I went blind because of the surgery, they could just say, Sorry about that, and that would be the end of it. I signed a piece of paper that stated if I went blind because of the surgery, they could just say, Our bad, and they would hand me a cane, some sunglasses and some jazz CDs. And then send me on my lonely blind-ass way. And I m glad I didn t go blind. I m really glad… I didn t go blind. That would have been incredibly ironic to go blind in the quest for perfect eyesight. I don t want to go blind. I m 32, I m a young guy. There s still lots of shit I want to see out there. Like, they set up the movie Guardians of the Galaxy to be a sequel. [audience laughing] I definitely wanna see that shit. [chuckles] I don t wanna go to that movie as a blind man. Even though the dialog will probably be dope, they ll still charge me for 3D and shit, cause they re petty. Corporate, they suck. They don t care about blind people. I don t want to go back to jacking off to my imagination. Not ready for that. Also, I don t wanna make the tough transition of being a newly blind comedian. Even though my ticket sales would probably skyrocket cause of the curiosity factor. Wait, so you re telling me he wasn t blind, now he is blind, and he s doing stand-up? All right, I ll check that shit out! All right, I m interested! Where s he playing? Eleven shows at Target Field? Holy shit!  Yeah, it s crazy. They re moving some Twins games to accommodate him. People will get to the gig and be pissed… cause all my blind material will suck. It wouldn t be good jokes. It would be awful material I churned out to feed the beast that s my growing fan base. Just awful jokes, like, Uh… you ever smell, uh… So, anyways, I was at the bakery. Talk about sensory overload. [laughs] So, yeah, the other day, I was touching some stucco. At least I think it was stucco. Shit, man. I don t know, I m blind. [laughs] Turn up. What else? Where are you guys from? No, you guys. I don t know who I m talking to right now. I m just having fun. Minneapolis! Target Field, holy shit! Did you know… that there s an Internet conspiracy going on suggesting that Stevie Wonder isn t really blind. Now… I think Stevie Wonder is blind, I just think it d be funny if he wasn t. I think that d be funny if Stevie Wonder, out of nowhere, did an interview with Oprah, said, Oprah… [breathes deeply] I never said I was blind. I just like doing this shit all the time. That s it. I like doing this. I like wearing sunglasses. And I love singing songs with my friends. That s all. I think Stevie Wonder s blind. I just think it d be funny if he wasn t. And if Stevie Wonder came out as being able to see… it would give all the other children that have been faking like they re blind the courage to do the same thing. I think Stevie Wonder s blind, but he does some weird stuff for a blind dude. He goes to NBA games and sits courtside. [audience laughing] What are you doing courtside? You just really like the smell of competition? Why are you there, Stevie? How do you even explain basketball to a blind man? Hey, Stevie, Ricky Rubio just laid the ball up.  Okay, cool. What s a layup?  Oh, it s when you lay the ball up off of the backboard, it goes through the rim of the net.  Okay, cool. What s a backboard? What s a rim? What s a net? Who is Ricky Rubio? Who are you? And what city am I in right now? I ve never smelt this city before. Siri, what city am I in right now? Siri… [sniffing] location, please. I know that joke seems harsh. But it s okay. I can do that bit, because one of my best friends… is gay, so… you could talk about whatever you want. I m 32… 32 years old. It s a meaningless age, 32. It s a goofy, meaningless age. Thirty means something. Thirty is a milestone, it s worth celebrating. I m not gonna celebrate… My friend s turning 30… Come to my 32nd birthday party! No, you go to a dinner with one person and you go to bed. I m not coming… I m not coming to your 32nd birthday party. Go to dinner. Go to bed, loser. [audience laughing] Thirty-one… is meaningless. At least when you re 31, you still have days on a calendar that match up with your age. So, if you re 31, you can say goofy shit. I m 31! It s the 31st! You can say goofy shit like that. You probably shouldn t, but you could if you wanted to. But 32 symbolizes the end of that era. And one thing I don t like doing at 32… I don t like showing my ID to get into bars. ‘Cause I feel like… you could tell that I m not 20. There s easier ways than showing ID. I feel like, if you speak to me and I speak back, I think you get it. Hey, what s up? How s it going?  I m good, how are you? – All right, come in. [audience laughing] Wait a second, did you check his ID?  No, I just spoke to him for two seconds. Saved everybody some time. I don t like showing my ID. ID, please?  You want ID? How about you look into my eyes? Do I look like I have the soul of a 20-year-old at all? You see all this bitterness and shit in my eyes?  ID, please?  You want ID? How about you look at my body? Do I look like I have the metabolism of a 20-year-old at all? I don t have a metabolism anymore. Everything just stays. [audience applauding] Also… there s certain situations where I don t wanna show ID. Certain situations. One time, me and some friends had a layover at Minneapolis Airport. It s about 11:00 in the morning on a Sunday. And we ordered some breakfast. And I say, Hey, let s get some Bloody Marys for the table. And the waitress says, Oh, Bloody Marys? ID, please?  Oh, you need ID? You want ID cause that s what the kids are getting into these days? Who knew these kids were coming to the airport and getting fucked up on Bloody Marys and mimosas? These teenagers are out of control with their raging airport brunches. ‘Cause that s definitely… That s what I was doing when I was growing up in Chicago. Me and my buddies, every Sunday, we would go to O Hare Airport. We would buy the cheapest one-way plane ticket we could find, and we would drink mimosas and Bloody Marys, stuffing our faces with frittatas. Oh, those crazy brunches! Oh, man! We would just talk about whatever. Girls and sports and our teachers! Oh, do I miss those days! Oh, my high school brunch crew! Oh, do I miss them! Oh, to be a boy again! Here s my ID, lady. Let s keep it moving. Last summer, in the middle of a tour, I lost my ID. Which sucked. But what I found is that you can fly domestically without ID. Which makes sense. It d be weird if you showed up to the airport and they said, Oh, sorry, you don t have ID? Oh… I hate to tell you, but… I guess you live in Dallas now. [audience laughing] I think you need to start a new life here in Dallas, and work hard until you get a new ID. And then you could use that ID to fly back to your old life and get your old ID. No, you can fly without ID. TSA treats you like you lost your ID just to disturb their day, though. They treat you horribly if you forgot your ID. They give you a thorough, full-body pat down if you don t have your ID, as if you might ve just lost it in your own asshole on accident. They search your bag, they give your bag a thorough search if you don t have your ID, as if that ll be the time to commit a terrorist act. [chuckles] Yeah, I don t have my ID, but this plane needs to go down no matter what. I had a goal, I need to follow through, that s what Tony Robbins told me. I gotta follow through with my goals. If I don t follow through with this goal, then that pattern of behavior is gonna spill over to other aspects of my life. I can t have that happening. So I found that I was able to travel with relative ease… with no ID. I was able to check into most hotels. Most hotels. Not the Embassy Suites in Downey, California. They are very much sticklers for the rules. I show up at the Embassy Suites, I had my script ready cause I had been doing this a few trips. So I said, I m sorry, I don t have my ID. What I do have is a copy of that ID, I have a copy of my passport, I have the credit card I booked the reservation with, I have my birth certificate, a prescription medicine label, and one piece of mail. I know that this is not physical ID, but I feel like these six items are more than enough for me to check into your two-and-a-half-star hotel. [audience applauding] And the lady says, No! No, no, you need a physical government ID! I was a bit thrown off, cause I was trying to give her so much, she wasn t trying to help me at all. I was like, how do I prove that I m me? I gotta think outside of the box. All right, lady, can I order Chinese food on my phone? And the guy shows up, ‘Chinese food for Hannibal. Is that ID? No? Okay. [clicks tongue] Yeah, can I call my mom on speaker phone? And she s like, ‘Hey, Hannibal. ‘Hey, Ma. ‘Sounds like you, Hannibal.  Cause it is me, Ma. Is that… [audience laughing] Is that ID? A mother s acknowledgment of my voice is not ID? What ID is better that that? Oh, you a tough one. Shit. Okay. Oh, perfect. This is all right. You got a computer right there. Ah, now, we re good. ‘Cause I got a website. It s hannibalburess.com. You can go on that website, there s pictures of me, there s videos of me, speaking in a similar manner that I m speaking to you right now. [audience laughing] And she says, No, I m not looking at that. You might ve just made that website up.  What? What, you maniac? Are you suggesting that I learned how to design websites, so one day, I can sneak into the Embassy Suites? In Downey, California, 35 miles south of Los Angeles, you maniac? Is that what you re saying right now? Are you saying that I started Twitter and Instagram accounts with the same name, worked and built a following over the years, so one day, I can sneak into the $110-a-night Embassy Suites in Downey, California? $64 on Priceline. Is that what you re saying to me right now, you maniac? [audience cheering] Are you suggesting that five years ago I hired David Letterman to introduce me on his show as Hannibal Buress… with a studio audience there, and he let me do five minutes of stand-up as Hannibal Buress, just so one day, one glorious day, everything would come together and I would be able to sneak into the Embassy Suites, the likely bed-bug-riddled Embassy Suites in Downey, California? Is that what you re saying, you maniac, you? By now, I m shaking with anger. I was so angry. If my name was Bruce Banner, I would ve been green at this point. I was pissed off. I wanted to mess that lobby up, I wanted to kick the door in, flip the couch, knock her computer over, throw all the magazines, cause then she would ve got on her phone, dialed 911, 911… Hannibal Buress is in the lobby right now, and he s fuckin shit up…  Oh, now you know my name, you wench, you? [audience laughing] [audience cheering] Yeah. I m trying to bring back wench. [sighs] I m trying to bring back old terms, like wench.  Toots. And I invite women back to my hotel room for… heavy pettin . [chuckles] [laughing] All right, sit down. You re ruining the shot, all right? [laughing] Oh… comedy. I try to find inspiration where I can, you know? You never know where you re gonna get inspired. I was on a plane… and the guy sitting next to me pulled out his laptop and just started watching episodes of that show Wipeout. You know, Wipeout is based on a Japanese game show. People just trying not to get knocked into water. It s a goofy-ass show. It s something that, if you re flipping through TV, you ll watch it for a little bit, but it s not something I would think you would wanna take with you. Usually, on a plane, I like to catch up on something with a narrative, but he was just watching episodes of Wipeout. And this plane didn t have Wi-Fi, which means that he downloaded three episodes of Wipeout. And he was happy, I could see in his eyes, he was happy watching Wipeout. And I was happy, cause I was watching it, and I had my headphones on, and my music started syncing up with all the shit that was happening in Wipeout. People started falling into the water on beat, it was great. So I started thinking, what… what is my version of watching Wipeout on a plane in life, you know? How can I be different like him? How can I go against the grain? How can I not care what others think? How can I do what makes me happy? How can I inspire others in the same way that he inspired me? And I figured it out, my new thing is that… if somebody tells me my zipper‘s down, I tell him, Let that shit go. [audience laughing] People love telling you your fly is down without even knowing your position on zipper politics, so… Yeah, my fly is down, this is my new thing I m doing. Stop looking at my dick, first of all. How about that? My fly is down? Yeah, you re looking at my dick, though, which is worse? This was an accident. People tell you Your fly is down with the same energy as if they just saved you from getting hit by a bus. Hey, your fly is down! What are you gonna do with your new lease on life, huh? Are you gonna talk about me in your memoirs? Please!  Sir, your fly is…  Yeah, my fly is… Is my dick out? ‘Cause if my dick ain t out, I feel like you re over-exaggerating right now. My fly is down, cause I m not a conformist piece of shit like you! It s anarchy down here and I m livin it! What s up? [audience cheering] I was downtown Chicago, a homeless dude walked up, Hey, sir, your fly is down.  Hey, man, your life is down. Couple things, hey. I didn t ask you for shit. This is a quick fix for me right here. You don t know what I m up to. I m living life a different way. Wipeout. I m living life in a different way. I m from Chicago, originally, and I was back home hanging out with my dad. I get there, he was excited, he said, Hannibal, you ever hear of this show, The Wire? This show is great. My dad just got into The Wire. [chuckles] Show was amazing, Hannibal. The story lines, the writing, so many characters, it s great. I m on Season Two, I love it. Didn t have the heart to tell him that Season Two was the worst season. I ll let him… I ll let him finish that way he can talk about it on his own. Then I started thinking, Why am I judging my dad for just now getting into The Wire? People find stuff when they find it, you know? Everybody doesn t discover somethin at the same time. It doesn t make it any less good if you found it late. I can t judge him for getting to The Wire now. I found out about Jimi Hendrix because Hulk Hogan used to walk out to his music. [audience laughing] In WCW, Hulk Hogan used to walk out to Voodoo Child. [vocalizing] And I m like, This song is amazing! This is great! Who is that? That shit is amazing! Somebody like, That s Jimi Hendrix!  Man, he s about to blow up, man, with this Hulk Hogan exposure. It s so cool for Hulk Hogan to give new artists a platform. He s gonna be able to tour, he s gonna sell so much merchandise, cause of this exposure that Hulk Hogan is givin to him. It s a new audience! Turns out, Jimi Hendrix is dead, Hulk Hogan s a racist. My world is crumbling all the time. [audience applauding] I m a little bit older than my father was when they had me. So naturally, that makes me wonder, Do I want kids? Do I wanna deal with children s quirks? There s quirks that come with having children. Do I wanna have a small person fall asleep in public and have to carry it around the rest of the day? Even though it knows how to walk. Shit like that. Or… Like, How many horrible children s basketball games can I watch? I don t know how many 16-8 final scores a man can stomach. It s scoreless at halftime, 0-0. I don t know how many back-to-back double-dribbling traveling violations a man could handle. Traveling! [imitates whistle] I m like, This is a referee s bonanza right here. These kids suck, but the referee is killin it right now. He hasn t missed one travel, huh? He s heartless. They gotta learn some way. No kids. I ve thought through some scenarios of having children. Just in case. Unlikely scenarios, but I wanna be prepared. Here s one… If my lady has triplets… we have to give one away. [audience laughing] I refuse to keep three of the same baby, man, I can t. That shit seems so overwhelming, man. I m open to having three children, but not three of the same baby. I wanna mix it up a little bit. Come on, man. What do I want three of a kind for? This ain t Texas hold em, this is real life. Get one of those babies up out of here, man. You know how goofy that stroller situation would be? How dumb that car seat situation would be? Get one of those babies up out of here. Give that baby to somebody that can t have babies. Her body, her choice, so she can pick which baby we give away. Unless we have two girls and a boy, she can t just give away the boy. That s… Come on, balance. She can pick which baby we give away. If I m being honest, I m hoping she picks the first one. I want her to pick the first baby, cause I m the type of dude… I don t like to grab the top newspaper at the newsstand. [audience laughing] It just seem like it got something on it, you know? And that s my main message today. That s really what I came here to say. If you have triplets, give one away, and I m sorry that rhymed. That sounds like a Sugarhill Gang rap. [chuckles] # My name is Hannibal And I m here to say # # If you have triplets Just give one away, hua! # – I m sorry. No. [audience cheering] No. [cheering continues] I promise, give one of em away. You wouldn t even miss it. You d forget all about that extra baby once you got so busy with the twins. Look, I m already calling em twins. Fuck that third baby. I can t worry about other people s kids when I have a family to take care of over here. No kids. I have nephews and nieces. Which is a perfect relationship… because I don t live where they live. So whenever I visit them, it s a goddamn event. Every time. ‘Cause absence makes the heart grow fonder. I come to my sister s house, they re so psyched, Uncle Hannibal s in town!  You goddamn right I m in town, kids! Hell, yeah! Uncle Hannibal s in the building, what s up? High fives all around.  Yeah! Uncle Hannibal! And I always come through with the cool-ass, fly uncle gifts. Video game systems, GoPros, helicopter drones. Yeah! Thank you for the drones, Uncle Hannibal.  You re welcome for that drone. Now how about you come here and tell me a boring-ass school story? Oh, this is a horrible story. You didn t establish any characters or anything. This story sucks. But I love you. I won t say this to your face, but this story is garbage. And it s perfect. It s a perfect relationship. They get gifts, they get to see their uncle, I get to feel something outside of show business, we get what we need from each other, then we separate. It s perfect. They re like hookers for my sense of nurturing. [audience laughing] I was filming a movie and I did a scene where I had to act with a baby. Me and a ten-month-old baby. There s a couple other people there, but I was the one interacting with the baby, and what I found… babies are horrible actors. Don t respect the process. Showed up late, unprepared. Didn t read the script, obviously. Not good at improvising. I could go on and on. This baby sucked, man. And it was an easy job for him. Basically, be a baby. Visually, remain a baby. Don t grow up and become a toddler in the middle of a scene. As long as you still a baby, be a baby, be quiet, make a couple grand, leave. That was it. But everybody s not built for the business, man. [chuckles] Everybody s not ready for it. We get him on camera, he wasn t ready. He was chillin before the camera started. I m holding him, director calls, Action, he just starts wailing. [mimics wailing] I m afraid of success. I m wasting a huge opportunity right now. I have no future in this business. They call, Cut, man, I snapped out on the director. I say, Hey, Shaun, get this baby the fuck out of here, right now! Get me a new baby right away, or I m walking off set, asshole. How about that? No… I didn t say any wild shit like that, man. But guess what? I work with very intuitive, smart people. They read my frustration, they saw the situation, so they got a new baby in there right away. Because you can t just hire one baby for a job. You gotta have a back-up baby. The motherfuckers are unpredictable. So… we get the back-up baby and then had the same problem. We holding him… Action! [mimics wailing] I m not about my paper. I have very short-term thinking. Hannibal will never work with me again.  Get him out of here, Shaun! Man, we got a third baby in there. What a pro. What a pro. He came in, knocked it out. Ten minutes, three takes. He did something a little different each take, he was amazing. Came in, made a couple grand, bounced out like a G. He came in there a baby, he left a member of the Screen Actors Guild. If he ever needs anything from me, recommendation, I ll help him out. Who knows? That kid might be the next Brad Pitt. Twenty years from now, he s giving me all them Morgan Freeman roles and shit like that. Hey, Hannibal, what s up? It s the baby from the movie. You wanna play God?  Yeah, I do. Hell, yeah! [chuckles] In the follow-up, you wanna play an old-ass president?  You re goddamn right I do, man. You never forgot where you came from. I left out a major detail about those first two babies. They were white. And… I m not the type of guy that will say that babies can be racist. But I will say… that they can have favorite colors. And also, the third baby was white, too, man. That wouldn t make any sense if they switched the race of the baby. They were all white babies. See, the third baby was a cool baby that could hang, like J. J. Redick or Justin Timberlake, you know? – A cool-ass baby. [audience applauding] I guess, the children thing, if you re planning a family, it comes down to perspective, what you see. Like, some people, you re at the airport, you see a man, wife, two kids, some people say, Wow! Look at that beautiful family. But… I just see a dude… that had to buy four plane tickets. And that shit adds up over time, man. [clicks tongue] I m just trying to figure out life, you know? Figure out life just like you guys. Trying to figure out math. Not general math, but specific math that applies to my life. I m trying to figure out… how many strangers I have to have empty sex with before I propose to my ex-girlfriend. And… the numbers are mounting irresponsibly. It s messed up, cause I m not even a good first fuck. I m not a good first fuck. It takes some time. My dick gotta grow on you like the Yeezus album. It takes a few listens. At first, you go, I didn t like that! But after several listens… I have to say that he s one of the best. [audience laughing] Sometimes, I find myself in a situation where… a woman I m seeing wants more than I m willing to give. And that s not to say that she doesn t deserve what she wants, that s just to say that I m not the one to give it to her. Does that make sense? I ll give you an example of a situation that happened. One time, chillin out in the bed, I got my left arm around this woman, we had just finished up and we re chillin , and she was trying to get me to double-arm cuddle hold her like that, and… I didn t feel like we were there yet. I didn t feel like we were double-arm… cuddle status yet. I feel like I was giving a lot, holding her with my left arm, I was holding her tight with my left arm, which is a lot considering we had just met about, probably, three hours ago. And I m holding her tight like this. And she kept on trying to get me to hold her like that and… I didn t want to. And that s not to say that she didn t deserve to be held like that, that s just to say that I wasn t the one to do it at that moment. How do I put this in a better way? A dollar bill isn t worth that much in England… but it s worth a lot in Mexico. We all mean different things to different people, is what I m trying to say. Finding true love is about finding your Mexico, where you go somewhere and you say, I get how many tacos for $3? Holy shit! I wanna stay here forever. And you just hope that that feeling is mutual, and that s love. [sniffs] There s an interesting energy around me sometimes when I m… I m skeptical of people. [stammers] It s a weird emotion when you re… when you re flattered and cynical at the same time. People you see… Oh, that s nice that you would say that, but what the fuck are you up to? What are you up to, lady? What s your motives? What are you doing? What s going on here? Why are you so giddy? I don t know you. Where were you six years ago? What s going on here? Is this a setup? What s happening? Is this a setup? Did Bill Cosby send you or some shit? What s going on right now? [audience cheering] I m not falling for it. Well, that situation got out of hand. Yikes! I was just doing a joke at a show. I didn t like the media putting me at the forefront of it. They were sly, dissing me in the news. Unknown comedian, Hannibal Buress… [audience applauding] Just awful, that was how their leads were. Broke-ass comedian, Hannibal Buress, took the stage…  Homeless comedian, Hannibal Buress, took the stage in Philly covered in rags. I got a lot of flak for that. People were writing me awful things. I had people writing me, Bill Cosby s not a rapist, Hannibal. You are! What? What? That s not how that works. That s not how that works at all. You know, the weirdest thing about getting a death threat from a male bodybuilder/stripper on Facebook is… when you click on his profile and see that you have one mutual friend. And then hitting that friend up and saying, Hey, man, can you tell your buddy to stop saying that? Not that I think he s really gonna do it, I d just rather him not say it to me. You don t wanna take that energy into your brain if you don t have to. ‘Cause I don t think that s how killers operate. I don t think a killer… I m gonna kill Hannibal Buress. First… I m going to the coffee shop, buying the cheapest thing, so they give me the Wi-Fi code. Then… I m sitting down, pulling out my Acer laptop and logging on to Facebook. Then I m searching ‘Hannibal Buress, ‘ then I m spelling ‘Buress correctly, then… It s an interesting situation, man. It s very weird. Who knew? Who knew that an off-hand joke… about Cosby-raping would lead to me having… amazing consensual sex across the country? [chuckles] [audience cheering] And… I like to chase adrenaline, excitement. That s why I do this. It s exciting. I do other things to chase the excitement after the show s over. I like to gamble. Like in an old casino, I like craps. I like craps because you can bet against the person that s rolling the dice. You can be negative. You can just walk up to the table, I don t believe in him, for $20. I don t believe in him.  I don t like his hat. $30 against his hat. You can bet against people for whatever reason. It doesn t have to make sense. Hey, I don t like the cut of his jib. $50 against the cut of his jib. I play blackjack, too. And they say go by the book to give yourself the best chance at winning in blackjack. It s called basic strategy. Certain things which you re supposed to do to give yourself the best chance of winning. Like, certain things. Don t split tens. Double down on 11 when the dealer s showing a three, these different rules. One of those rules is, you re not supposed to hit on 17. But if I have 17, and the dealer s showing 10, I m supposed to assume the dealer s down card is a 10, so I m staying on 17 against a 20. I m going out like a bitch. That s not how I like to live. So sometimes, I hit on 17. Situation came up, packed table, I had 17, dealer s showing 10, I was the last one to go before the dealer flip, I said, Hit, and everybody at the table gasped and went, Holy shit, no! No! He s on full tilt, holy shit! Even the dealer said, Are you sure?  Yes, sir, I m sure. Yes, I m sure! Hit! Hit! I m hitting on 17! I busted out, 27. [audience laughing] Turns out, dealer s down card s a five, I took his 10. He would ve busted out with 25. His next card was a six, he got 21, everybody lost. I took everybody down with me. Yeah. [audience applauding] Yes! Now, that s kamikaze blackjack right there. And, you know what, to be honest, that shit was way more fun than winning. It s only a $10 table, on to the next one. It s gambling, baby! We ll get that shit back. We got all night! Drinks? Drinks? Drinks? All right. [audience applauding] I ve been trying to come up with a way for me and my friends to play Russian roulette without anybody dying. – [chuckles] – [audience laughing] Because I feel like Russian roulette, at its core, is a very exciting game with extremely high stakes. So, how do I bring that excitement into my life without the threat of death while maintaining the integrity of the game that the originators would have wanted? And… I think I figured it out. Me and my friends go out into a field, we have a revolver, put a bullet in the chamber, spin it, and you have to pull the trigger with the gun pointed directly at your Xbox. [audience laughing] I feel like that s high stakes and low stakes at the same time. You get a lot of feelings from that. One, you get to take a shot at an Xbox. Two, you get to see if the Xbox works after you shoot it. Three, you get to see if the Microsoft warranty even covers a shot-up Xbox. And if they don t, you get to see if you could get a cool customer service person that says, Man, we don t cover that, but y all are crazy as hell for that shit, man. That was so wild! I really respect the gamesmanship. Thank you so much for bringing that new energy into my job and my life, cause I really hate my family right now, man. You guys brought a jolt, I can t even describe it. I m gonna give you these free Xboxes, but in exchange, can I please join your crew for two months, probationary status, please, man? I feel like I d be at a good… You know what? I said too much. My apologies, sir. This is unprofessional. I did a charity show in New York a few months ago and it was for Gilda Radner s Club. Gilda s Club, and it was me, eight, nine other comedians. We signed this poster. There was two of em, two posters. They had all our pictures on them. Before the show, we signed them, and they were auctioned off in the middle of the show. Rachel Dratch was hosting and she was auctioning off and she was like… And they sold for $8,500 each. Seventeen grand for two posters. And then Rachel was like, Ladies and gentlemen, your next comedian, Hannibal Buress! Hey, wait a second, don t just bring me on. Right, don t just do that. Wait a second, okay? I m not used to going on stage right after some posters just sold for a Honda Civic. Like, kill some time, Rachel. Give me a little time to process what just happened. I m not used to this. This is new energy. Seventeen grand for two posters! If I was on Price Is Right, I would ve been completely off with that. I d be like, Two posters, huh, Drew? Uh… [audience laughing] Uh… $1. Seventeen grand for two posters! That is fuck-you money, right there. I don t have fuck-you money. I know a couple people that got it, I don t have fuck-you money. I have Hey, excuse me, don t talk to me like that, please money. I don t have fuck-you money. I got strongly worded e-mail money. I got… I got that limp handshake, no eye contact dough. But I m trying to get it, trying to figure it out. Get a side business. Entertainment is too fleeting. You gotta get something stable. I wanna have something. Just so that, 15 years from now, when somebody comes up to me, Hey, Hannibal, what happened? Haven t seen you on TV in a while. Haven t seen you touring. What s going on, man? I say, You re right, you re right. And, you know, while I d rather you not bother me while me and my family are at this Bloomington Denny s, you know… [audience laughing, cheering] Let s talk about it, you know? You re correct, my comedy career isn t going how it used to be going. But guess what? My gourmet deviled egg business is flourishing right now. [chuckles] Deviled eggs, that s the biggest racket in the restaurant industry. Three eggs cut in halves, sprinkle some bullshit on em and charge $9. Wow! I want in. I want some of that deviled-egg money. Use the deviled-egg money to fund my next racket. I want my own liberal arts college. Yeah. Come to Hannibal s Liberal Arts College. You know what my pitch would be? You wanna spend more money in four years than you re gonna make in the next 25 years? Well, come on! Come on here! [audience cheering] If you gonna be in debt, you might as well be in debt with somebody you like a little bit. I ve been on TV at least six times. Come on! Use that money to fund my next racket. It s a solid, practical business. I want my own toilet paper business. That s a stable business. Everybody uses toilet paper. Unless you use baby wipes, which… Everybody should use baby wipes. I don t know why we decided, as we get older, we have to treat our assholes worse. But toilet paper it is, and toilet paper companies never shut down. You never hear about it. Yeah, we had to shut our doors. People stopped shitting. You never hear that. You never hear that! And let s say, hypothetically, people do stop shitting. Guess what? Toilet paper doesn t spoil. You put it in your inventory in storage and wait it out. They ll be shitting again, they can t hold it forever. You just have to be patient and believe in your business. I m kind of talking to myself right now, not y all. And toilet paper companies rarely advertise. And when they do choose to advertise, the concepts are very flimsy. Like, I don t know, man, what we gonna… Who cares? Just put a bear on there. Who cares, man? People are gonna come to us eventually. They have to shit. Get money, man. The money s out there, we need to go get it. This meeting s over and no more meetings. I hate talking about this shit, let s go. Lunch? Lunch? Lunch? Let s go! Sushi. But before I embark on my journey as a multi-faceted businessman, there are some steps I have to take to ensure success. I gotta buy a printer. I don t own a printer… and I m pretty sure you need at least three printers to run your own liberal arts college. I need a printer! It s been holding me back, not having a printer. I ve been on the phone with people, Yeah, Hannibal, just print that out, sign it, get it right back to us. We can get started working right away. [groans] Here we go again. I m sorry, I don t have a printer. Thank you for the opportunity. I hope we can work together when I get a printer. I hope you guys find someone to work with that has a printer. Thank you. Goodbye. I have to get a printer. I m telling you. That s the only difference between me and Kevin Hart. He has a printer and I don t. [audience applauding] I m telling you! He s able to print out all the contracts and scripts. He s printing that shit out. I m at Kinko s, he booked the gig already. Story of my life. I should ve been in Ride Along, is what I m saying. It s interesting being a performer in this day and age… you know? Everybody has cell phones. Cell phones. And people try to film. I saw people filming the beginning of this. Like, it s gonna be on Netflix. Way better. [laughing] Let me get this shit, so I can show that I was there. Hey, y all, look at what I was sort of paying attention to. We like to show that we saw stuff. We gotta show it. Social currency. Look at what I saw. Look at what I saw. You don t get to see what I see. Except for when you re looking at pictures of me seeing that shit. Makes for some interesting situations. One time, I landed in Columbia, Missouri. Garbage, garbage airport. Garbage airport. One gate, one bathroom. The bathroom is on the ticketing side, which means as you go through security and something happens with your stomach, you gotta go back on the other side of security, handle your diarrhea situation and then go back over, but they still search your shit like they did the first time. Awful airport. I would compare that airport to a bus station, but that would be disrespectful to some of the nice bus stations I ve been to. – Some of em would be offended. [audience applauding] So I land there… and I m walkin to get a taxi out front. And there s a police officer there. He recognizes me. He fans out, Holy shit! Hannibal Buress!  Relax, Officer… It just seems weird. It s weird to see a cop fan out, Holy shit!  Dude, relax, you got a gun, man. Don t act like that, dawg. Come on, man, you got a gun, you doing… [exclaims] That shit don t look good in a uniform. Save that behavior for plain clothes. Or, not at all. How about that, man? [exclaims] Dude, stop doing that with your leg, Officer. Just makes me wonder, how… Expect him to protect and serve, he s out… fanning out in these streets. He s chasing down a robber, he gets distracted, Hey, you get here right now! Come here! Holy shit, come here! Police, stop it! Whoa, is that Waka Flocka? Holy shit! Pow, pow, pow, pow! Pow, pow, pow, pow, pow! So the cop calms down and he says, Hannibal, I know this is unprofessional of me as a police officer, but can I please take a picture with you? And I didn t wanna take a picture with the cop. For a lot of reasons. One, he posts it on social media… people can caption it whatever they want. It s out of my hands. Comedian Hannibal Buress snitching at the bus station. [audience laughing] Also, I don t know if he s a good cop. I don t know if he even likes black people, and just really likes a few that s on television. It s messed up, but it s how some white people are, unfortunately. Some white people are like, I don t like n i g g e r s, but LeBron James is amazing. [chuckles] But I just took the picture with him. ‘Cause it was quicker and easier to take the picture with him than it was to explain all the reasons why I didn t want to. Also, these days, you deny a cop something, that shit can go left real fast. Hannibal, can I please take a picture with you?  You know what, Officer, I m sorry, I d rather not.  Hey, stop resisting! [mimics gunshots] Stop resisting! Then the news story is, Comedian Hannibal Buress… grabs police officer s gun at the bus station. Now, there s an eyewitness all of a sudden. Yeah, I saw the whole thing. Let me tell you what happened. Hannibal walked off the plane, went to the bathroom, took a shit. And he walked right up to the cop and started grabbing his gun. And he s way bigger and stronger than you think. And I don t like his stand-up. His show sucked. Broad City is okay. Guilty. [audience cheering] Ah. I had a weird situation recently. My cleaning lady brought her kid with her. I hear you, I know that sounds obnoxious to start a joke with my cleaning lady, but the shit, it s not that extravagant. It s like 60, 70 bucks. A bunch of you motherfuckers spend that on vaporizer accessories easily. So don t… judge me and my 60-buck cleaning lady. She brought a kid with her. Here s the problem with that. I m 32, I live by myself. You can t just bring a kid into my world unannounced. Give me 15 minutes heads up out of courtesy at least, God damn. But I have empathy, so I realized she brought her kid because she had to. Not because she wanted to. So I didn t kick them out. I didn t say, Hey, both of you get the fuck out of here! You come back by yourself when you re ready to clean for real, all right? I didn t say that, cause I m not a goddamn monster. I welcomed them to my place. I popped the Xbox on. I grabbed the kid some juice. I m a great host when I m under pressure. I go into my room to do some work. I overhear the kid say, Ma! Ma, is there another room to chill in? Because this couch is really uncomfortable.  Oh, for real? You re uncomfortable, little homie? That s interesting that you re uncomfortable, cause I m uncomfortable, too. First of all, I didn t know your ma was doing an impromptu bring-your-child-to-work day. I m uncomfortable. I don t want you here, man. There s lube and drugs. You might find a fake pussy if you look around enough. I don t want you to see that stuff. You don t deserve to see that stuff this early. [audience laughing] It s called a Fleshlight. And… And I got it as a gift once. I used it twice for the novelty, once for loneliness. And… then I stopped after that. You know you gotta put that shit in hot water every time? Get out of here. Every time? No, not a chance. Let the dust settle on that device. Man, it s messed up. Pornography has changed how I view some situations. Porn has changed how I view some situations. Now, because of porn, any time a white couple in their 40s or 50s is really nice to me, I think it s cause the dude wants me to fuck his wife in front of him. Hey, Hannibal, good show. Can we get you a drink? Uh… Uh… Uh… I m not really with that cuckold stuff. Man, I can t… Can t do that. Can t fuck her with you in the room. Apologies, man, I m flattered. I m skeptical, but, uh… you all do your own thing, man. I m not into that.  Okay, maybe we could negotiate some type of Skype situation where… you can t talk during the Skype, though. I will mute you if you say anything. So don t pop into Skype with, ‘Yeah, you fuck her with that big, black… ‘ Hey, you re muted, man. Come on! I m a big sports fan, man. I m a big sports fan. I ve spent a lot of time in New Orleans over the past year. And I went and watched their basketball team. Their basketball team changed their name to the Pelicans. The New Orleans Pelicans, which I thought was a goofy name change at first. But it s not the worst NBA franchise name at all. There s the San Antonio Spurs. Spur is part of a boot. There s the Phoenix Suns. That s stupid. There s only one sun. [audience laughing] There s the Orlando Magic, that s stupid. You re just gonna name your team after another basketball player. There s the Utah Jazz. Used to be the New Orleans Jazz, but they moved to Utah, keeping the Jazz name, even though there s nothing jazzy about Utah at all. It s the least jazzy place I ve visited in my life. It s actually a misdemeanor to own a saxophone in Utah. Minneapolis Lakers changed into the LA Lakers. LA is in a drought, there s no goddamn lakes there. People are dying right now. You clappin about people dying? Y all suck. [audience laughing] So I thought the Pelican name was goofy… and so I researched pelicans. If you search pelican on YouTube, the first result is a video of a pelican calmly walking up to a group of pigeons chillin , and then just ate one whole. [audience laughing] Just ate it whole. And didn t even run away afterwards, he sat around. Holy shit, I just ate your friend in front of you! Wow! I gotta say, I feel very powerful right now. God damn! Your friend was right there, now he s right here. He s gone! Holy shit, I m shaking right now! One by one, you bitches look at me in my eyes and tell me how that made you feel. Wow! Whoo! Hey, human, were you filmin that? If you gonna post online, make sure you post it on YouTube and WorldstarHipHop to maximize the views. Very different audiences, not a lot of overlap. You gotta post on both. We can go viral, man. So I got respect for the pelican after that. The Pelicans play basketball in a building that recently changed its name to the Smoothie King Center. Yeah, the Smoothie King Center. I m like you were, I didn t know Smoothie King was crushing shit like that either. I didn t know they were doing that well. I knew they were doing all right. I didn t know Smoothie King was doing NBA-arena well. I thought Smoothie King was doing well in the same way where your favorite taco spot opens up a second location. Where you re like, Oh, shit. Good for Gustavo, man. He crushing it. Got his number two spot. Good for him. But Smoothie King is smart, cause they re one of the few companies that have NBA arenas that can sell their product effectively in the arena. You can buy a smoothie in the Smoothie King Center, then sit down and watch the game. Well, nobody s going to the Staples Center and then buying three printers and watching the Lakers. I know they don t sell printers there. Do they? I don t know. Nobody in Orlando s going to the Amway Center and getting caught in a pyramid scheme real quick and… watching the Magic. I guess what I m saying is, good for Smoothie King, in a very long-winded way. So, we watched the Pelicans play at the Smoothie King Center. Me and my lady at the time, we leave, we re looking for a taxi. We get a few blocks away. We find one. It s a guy leaning on his taxi, arms folded. And I walk up to him, I say, Hey, sir, can you take us to Frenchmen Street, please? He says, I can t take you. I m already hired. Waiting for someone. I can t take you. And my girl, she was kinda… We were both a little drunk. She was a little oblivious and slightly white, so… [audience laughing] So she just said, All right, and was ready to walk away, but I m a skeptic at heart. I m a skeptic, cause I m thinking, Wait a second, who the hell ordered a yellow taxi ahead of time to leave the basketball game… and also told it to be three blocks away? What? In my mind, nobody, that s who. So, I m a gambler. I m a gambling dude. I politely, calmly, call his bluff. I say, What s the name of the person that you re waiting for? Because maybe it s me. This guy proceeds to just crumble under this very light pressure. [audience laughing] He crumbled. He started screaming. Do you have permission to ask me the name of the person? You don t have permission to ask me the name of the person that I m waiting for! You don t have permission to ask me that shit! And I m looking at him, Dude, you could ve just said, ‘Michael. Lie to me, man! You could ve said anything! So now it s obvious he s not taking me because I m black, which was upsetting. And now my lady realizes he s a piece of shit, so she says… You re a piece of shit. [chuckles] And I m yelling at him, Why won t you take us? He s yelling back. We re yelling back and forth, back and forth, yelling horrible things at each other. Just a real unproductive conversation. It s funny how some people see that, they wanna help out. This bigger white guy saw the whole thing. He walks up and says, Hey! Hey, you guys! Hey! Stop arguing with this asshole! You don t need to do this. This is what you do. You write down his taxi number and you call the Taxi Commission. Then they re gonna fine him, and then they re gonna get his foreign ass out of the country. I was like, Holy shit, dude! Yo, did you just double-down on his racism right now? Did you just see him not giving us a ride and raise it to a get-the-fuck-out-of-the-country? Because that s next level shit. I don t think you re helping right now, man. Sports are amazing. Sports are so crazy. There s dudes that get paid millions of dollars just to talk about sports. There s a segment during the NFL season called Bold Predictions. And it s where four dudes sit around a table and just say outlandish shit for a few minutes. Hey, what s your bold prediction for Sunday?  I think Peyton Manning is gonna throw for nine touchdowns. [laughs] Wow, that s a very bold prediction!  Hey, that s the name of the segment, isn t it, man?  Well, okay, but what if he doesn t throw for nine touchdowns?  Man, I m not accountable for any of the shit I m saying up here. Thought we were just tryin to fill time and fill these segments until we die, man. How about you never challenge me on television again, you nerd? How about I got another bold prediction? If you say some shit like that again, I ll punch you in your face, dawg. That s two bold predictions. And now next, for the Hot Seat… [audience applauding] I enjoy sports. I m not a… I m not a big… Not a big baseball fan. I respect the skill. I respect the discipline it takes to be great. But it s just… It s tough to watch. Give me situational baseball. Give me bottom of the ninth, tie game, bases loaded, full count, two outs. But don t show me what led up to that shit. Baseball is boring. A baseball game is good to go to if you got a friend you haven t seen in eight years, and you wanna just go somewhere and talk for a few hours, with no interruption. Baseball stinks! One of the greatest achievements in a game of baseball is the no hitter. That s when nothing happens. Oh, man, he was so good. Nothing happened, man. He was amazing! It was an amazing afternoon of pop flies and ground balls. It was great. Everybody was a-swingin and a-missin . It was amazing! I don t like some of the rules in baseball. I don t like the intentional walk rule, which allows a pitcher to avoid his fears and problems. I think this guy s too good. He s very good. Y all think he s good, too? I think he s too good. That motherfucker s amazing. Back there, y all think he s too good? All right, cool, we re not gonna do that. We re not gonna throw to him, so, uh… Catcher, please rise and move a comical distance away from the plate. Just a goofy-ass distance away from the plate. I m gonna throw to you four times, cause if I throw it to him fairly, he might have me on TV doing this shit, right here. ‘Oh, man.  That has to suck, as a pitcher, you have to look at your bad job in the sky, Oh, no. Not again. Sometimes there s fireworks when you do a bad job. Pop, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop! Oh, man! It s messed up, cause I like fireworks, but not like this, man. Context is everything, for real. Pow, pow, pow, pow, pow, pow, oh! Pitcher. That s one of the few jobs, where if you do poorly… there s explosions in the sky. One of the others is TSA agent. [audience murmuring] Like, Oh, shit. Oh, man. So, I don t like baseball for those reasons. I m a huge fan of steroids, though. I love steroids. I m flattered when athletes do steroids. Thank you. Thank you for sacrificing your long-term health for my short-term entertainment. Hell, yeah. Thank you so much for taking drugs to excel at this child s game. But they get upset when they found out athletes was on steroids. They get mad. The game gets mad. The game of baseball. Not The Game, the rapper. I don t know his feelings on steroids. We found out you were on steroids in 2008. They find out really late sometimes. It would be way more exciting if they found out midgame and shut it down. Like… [imitates siren wailing] Stop the game right now! He is on drugs! You don t believe me? Grab his balls, they re very light. That s a symptom. He s on drugs. Game over.  We found out you were on steroids in 2008. Well, you know what? Sometimes you gotta let it go. ‘Cause you know what that person was probably doing on steroids? They were probably hitting home runs, creating happiness, making strangers high five each other and bond. Like, Sammy Sosa was on steroids years ago, and he was hitting home runs. And you know who was watching Sammy Sosa in the stands? Probably lots of fathers and sons and they remember that moment. Hey, Dad. Do you remember when Sammy Sosa hit three home runs in one game?  Yep, I remember that, son. That was your first baseball game.  Oh, thanks for that moment. That was amazing, Dad.  It was great to share that moment with you, son. I love you. You re my only son.  I love you, too, Dad. Steroids did that shit. Steroids created that beautiful memory for that father and son. So, if you re against steroids, you re against family, I guess. Because PCP never did that for a father and son. There s never been a father and son… Hey, Dad, you remember when that naked man wouldn t stop punching us? Oh! What a horrible night, Daddy. He had so many combinations, and so much speed, and it felt like he had equal power in both fists, Dad. What a… He was a beast. He had no weaknesses, Pop. They found out Lance Armstrong was on steroids and I say, Who gives a fuck? He was riding a bike. Let him do drugs. How about that? How about you stop bothering that boy, let him ride his bike and do his drugs? Also, Lance Armstrong somehow became a millionaire for riding a bicycle, so he s a goddamn magician in my eyes. How do you do that? How do you make any money riding a bike, if you don t have a sandwich or a pizza you re delivering to somebody? So, let that magical drug boy ride his bike and do his drugs. And, of course he was on drugs. Did you see how long he had to ride a bike for? I take an Adderall just to clean my apartment. [audience laughing] And even then, I don t finish. I just end up super-focused on some weird shit from my past. Like my high school yearbook. Damn, I miss my friend Ken, my friend Torian, my homie Black, my homie Scuba. Look, debate team, football team. Miss Carter s English class. Oh, shit, it s my high school brunch group! God damn, man! All right, good night, y all. Thanks a lot! [audience cheering] [hip-hop music playing] [host] One more time for Hannibal Buress, everybody!

BIG JAY OAKERSON@LIVE AT WEBSTER HALL@2016@[crowd cheering] [heavy rock music] – Let s get you going here, hey. Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! [screaming] [cheers and applause] Let s go! [cheers and applause] [heavy rock music] ** [cheers and applause] – Yeah, right? [cheers and applause] Wow. That… [chuckles] That was a lot of bravado for a fat guy who s gonna sit down and tell dick stories. But why not, right? Might be my only one, so we might as well go big. How about it for Zero Fucks, everybody? My friends. [cheers and applause] Dave-O, Adam, and Adair. Wow, we did it, Webster Hall, huh? No shit. My very bizarre fan base is here. Purple hair, this fucking DJ. An Asian guy with long hair and a beard. You better know karate. Hot black chick next to a hot I m guessing some sort of Middle Eastern something. Three snowboarders, an awkward black guy, and loners. That pretty much sums it up. Show me a fat Asian, we got this thing covered. This guy s gonna be my favorite all night. I feel it. I bet you got crazy stories. Just finger-blasting girls with angel wings and shit. I know you ve got DJ stories. One of these girls your chick? That s your girl right there? Nice. Married, no. Thank God, right? Is this your chick? both: No. – You wish, though, right, dude? How hot is that chick? With your nervous energy, it s never gonna happen. I like to foster love, but that just looks uncomfortable. I don t know, dude. Try to make a move. You know her, right? – Yeah. – She s your buddy. – Yeah. – That sucks. I don t know. How old are you, sweetie? – 18. – 18? That s–you re dumb. Like, what do you mean this guy is your friend? This guy s creepily hanging out, waiting for you to make a 19-year-old dumb decision. Have fun. I m not here to goddamn judge. Why do I give a shit, right? You guys are in love. That s all that matters. You gonna get married and all that shit? You re engaged already? – Not yet. – Not yet, but you already know you re going to. That s serious as hell. How long you been together? – Six years. – Six years? How old are you? – 27. – 27? Don t get married to the chick you found when you were 21. That has no chance of working out, dude. There s no way. Were you just crushing puss at 15 or something? What a dummy. Why would you do that? How old are you, sweetie? – 27. – 27 also. – You were 21. You were ready to shut it down for this dude. Wow. Were you a raging whore when you were younger? Now I feel bad asking. You made such a shameful face. Good for you. You re gonna do it, dude. Good for you. Kids, the whole thing, you want, right? Don t do that. I did that 13 years ago. It is quite a price… for some sweet, sweet pussy, dude. That is quite a price. What kind of kids you want, boys, girls? You don t give a shit as long as they re healthy, right? – Yes. – Lies. You want a boy so bad. I only have a girl, and I want a boy. I don t even want any more kids. I just wish she was a boy. I tell her that every day… not with words, with actions. I peg her in the chest with a football. When she s rolling around on the ground, I m like, If you were a dude, you d have caught that. And then I step over her like Iverson in the Finals. Get up. You just got faced. I have a daughter. It s cool, I guess, to some degree. She plays sports, but… she plays soccer. – Whoo! – Really, whoo? 13-year-old girls soccer, dude? Do you know how boring 13-year-old girls soccer is? The same exact boring as adult men s professional soccer. Extraordinarily. Three hours for 0-0 scores. But you got to support. I show up for the last five minutes of the game, and I run up, and I m like, All right, I m here. Don t be a whore. You don t have to blow everybody. I m here, I love you. You shouldn t feel abandoned. You know. Give you some money, I ll help you with your homework. Just, please, don t blow everybody. But, God, I can t watch this whole game. Life and the world would be an easier place if she was a boy, man. Girls make father s lives very difficult with things they don t even know. They don t even realize they re making it difficult. Laundry. Can t do laundry anymore with my daughter s stuff. It s just uncomfortable. Looking how I look and folding little-girl underwear does not appear as if I m doing a good deed. It looks like I m, like, organizing the trophies from all my victims. Ah, I remember her. Pigtails, Central Park. Sometimes it s the first time I hear it too. Folding little-girl underwear made me feel like I have just a mustache, if you know what I mean. Just-a-mustache, the most divisive piece of facial hair. It s weird, the just-a-mustache. It s coming back in the hipster community, I think. But it s always off-putting. Although, sometimes in life, you want to see a guy with just a mustache. But sometimes you do not. Like, if your house is on fire, you hope to God you see a guy with just a mustache floating around, cause he knows how to help or radio for somebody who can. But if you re dropping your kids off at, like, practice, you do not want to see a guy with just a mustache in an abandoned ice cream truck with binoculars, yelling at the cops, he s 100 yards away. I m 100 yards away. Lay off, fuzz. [laughter] Lay off me, fuzz. I m within my legal limits.  Just gorgeous athletes. That s how I feel folding little-girl underwear… like I m in an abandoned ice cream truck. I stopped when she was 11. She s 13 now. When she was 11, I stopped doing laundry with her shit in it, cause the last time I was folding her laundry, I m folding hear underwear– already weird– I start noticing these huge holes in her underwear, which sucks because I got to find out why that is. I m her father. I can t let that go. I have to ask, and I know the answer s not gonna be good. She s not gonna tell me some awesome answer for why there s holes in her underwear. Like, Oh, Dad, I forgot to tell you, I invented sharp farts. Like, yeah. Show me. We can share everything now. Take me into your world. That was not the answer, by the way–sharp farts. I wish. You know why there was huge holes in her underwear? She was 11 at the time. She goes to the bathroom by herself. I guess sometimes she doesn t wipe that great. Little shit stain in her underwear. But instead of throwing the underwear out, she cuts the shit stain out with scissors, cause she s embarrassed of a shit stain, but not embarrassed to walk around in crotchless panties all day. And for weeks, in the garbage, I ve been seeing little shit-covered Hannah Montana faces and shitty Tinker Bells. And I just thought she was doing voodoo or something, which I was intrigued by. Kids, man, don t have them. I already got mine. She s here now. I love her. It s too late. But if you can avoid it, dude, avoid it. I don t know what kids are gonna become anymore, anyway. We re only making a generation of assholes. They don t want to be anything important anymore. Kids, the YouTube generation, everybody wants to be famous. My daughter s lazy. All kids are lazy now. They just want to be famous quick. My daughter doesn t want to be a doctor or a lawyer. She wants to be Rihanna. And granted, she could take a punch, but… talent, that does not make. [cheers and applause] Don t applaud her. It s my good jaw genetics. We re a scrappy-jawline family. Kids are lazy, but you got to teach them to not be. That s what I try to do. I try to be a good dad, try to teach her to not be lazy, and she s lazy a lot. She came home last year from school one day, and I was like, Walk the dog. And she goes out with the dog for, like, a minute, which is not enough time. She comes in, and I go, Hey, the dog s got to shit. You got to take the dog out. She goes, She did. And I know she s lying already, because I can see that look in her eyes. The problem with kids now is, all those shows on TV make the dads like dopes. She watches all that Disney Channel horseshit, and literally it s like the kids are, like, sneaking out and the dad s, like, stuck in a water bed, like, How do you work this crazy thing? [mumbling] Like, Dumb dad. Let s go fucking do blow off hooker puss. [laughs] So she goes, The dog did go to the bathroom. And I know she s lying, and I go, Yeah? Why didn t you pick it up? You didn t bring a bag out. And she goes, I ll pick it up. She walks outside with a bag. And I go outside to smoke a cigarette and watch, cause I know she s lying already. And she comes over to the trash can with a bag that I know has no shit in it at all, whatsoever. But she s so cocky and thinks that I m an idiot, that she waves the bag at me, like as if to show me, like, Look, idiot, here s the shit. And that bag is just flopping around like American Beauty. There was nothing in it. And I go, What are you talking about? I go, There s no shit in that bag. And she goes, Oh, it must have fell. And then I just see her, like, scurrying around lawns, trying to find something to give this bag some heft. And finally, I m like, Cut the shit. It s over, it s done. There s no poop out here on this car. Get inside. I m gonna teach you a lesson right now about being lazy. That s just you being lazy, and you want to be a singing celebrity. Let me show you something. And I sat her down on the couch, and I watched an episode of America s Got Talent with her. There was a girl, like, two or three years ago who came out and played House of the Rising Sun on a keyboard and sang with the voice of an adult. I would have paid $100 a ticket to see her the next day. That s how amazing this girl was. And I made my daughter watch the whole performance. And when it was over, I m like, Do you see now? Do you understand? If you re not lazy and you work hard and you try your best, you can never do what this kid is doing, because she s focused and has talent, and you re lying to me about a bag of shit. Just know where you come from, dummy. But her mom pumps her up. Her mom s like, You could be whatever you want, baby. You could be an astronaut. And I got to speak reason, like, Whoa, whoa, whoa. Small-business owner, tops. Let s not gas her up. Astronaut? What do you think you re dealing with here? She has Justin Bieber posters. She s not above and beyond. [chuckles] She s a good kid. You know, I try to instill good things in her. I wouldn t let this shit be happening, this friendship nonsense. I d tell her that guys aren t your friends. They re always looking to fuck in some way. How long you been friends for with this guy? – About a year. – A year. That s good patience, bro. You are hanging in there good. Do you know this Asian long-hair guy too? No, he s much more interesting, though, isn t he? Look at him, he s so weird. I bet he knows how to do two-sword stuff, where he just spins it all around. Those crazy fan dances. * Boon-bing-boon-boon * Boon-bing-bing Lives in a house made of bamboo and tissue. Oh, please, no shoes. [laughter] [exhales deeply] This guy s great. A year of friendship, that s cool. And you think he s your friend. You believe that in your heart of hearts, that he s your friend. – Yes? – Yes. So if you were like, Hey, we should totally fuck, he d be like, No way, bud. What are you talking about bro-skiff? I don t even look at it like that, home slice. He d say yes. – Yeah, no. – I would say all of those things. – Yeah, but he s like– is that a friend, honestly, if he would fuck? – Then I have no male friends. – Yeah, you have no male friends, exactly right. You said it. These are all guys waiting for you to cash in. We re not your friends. Young girls, you guys give all great excuses for how a guy is your friend too. Those are my favorite. They ll be like, What do you mean he s not my friend? He helped me move apartments twice. I m like, Oh, my God. That guy was so furious those nights after you didn t fuck him. He thought that was the day. And then he s lugging your shitty IKEA furniture up five flights, while your gay friend s laughing at him. Ha ha. You want to fuck her. She s not gonna. You need to jerk off with a sore back. Breaking up one pizza amongst 12 other shitheads that fucking think they re fucking her too. I ve helped fucking chicks move before. I know that game. We re all getting laid. And they re just fucking splitting a pizza 12 ways, 8 slices. This guy s not your friend. Hook up with him. Why not? What s wrong with him? – Not my type. – He s not your type? What does that mean? What s your type? [crowd groaning] Don t listen to this crowd. Crowds don t even know what the hell they re talking about. They re trying to bully you into fucking a guy you might not want to fuck. Aw, come on, he s not your type? Just suck his dick, whatever. You re 18. Who cares? Live. [cheers and applause] What? Yeah, get her on the pinball machine. Let s take her to task. She s 18, you pieces of shit. Maybe she s not ready for that. Whew. Cut this friendship off, dude. End the sham. We just resolved the problem for you. It s never gonna happen. Maybe tonight. You should fuck this guy tonight. [cheers and applause] Well, listen, you re a young girl. I m not forcing you or telling you to do anything. I m just saying you should. But I say that because that s the best wingman I could be to this guy. That s the best I can do, do you understand? Because now he has a reason to bring it up to you later. And throw me under the bus, dude. I don t give a shit. I don t care if you use me. You can be like, Remember that fat asshole said we should fuck tonight? That guy was obnoxious, if you ask me. [laughter] [chuckles] You know, it would be funny, though, if we did, because we could always be like, ‘Remember we went to that show and the guy said the thing, and then we did it? We ll always have that thing. Maybe, dude. You never know, it might work. How great would that be? If not, just end this friendship. It s ridiculous. We re not your friends. Young girls argue that all the time. A lot of guy-girl roommates in this city, not fucking, just living together as friend roommates. That s insanity to me. That is asinine, to live with a girl you re not fucking. Fellas, if you do that, and I mean this– harsh sentence here, but hear me out. Fellas, if you live with a girl you re not fucking, you have no respect for women. You have no respect for them. You don t know what you re capable of. Men, we re garbage. And you got to know what you re capable of. Listen, when men have our– when our balls are full– This is a hackneyed subject at this point, but it s just the facts of life. When our balls are full, we are a different human being than when our balls are empty. Does that make sense at all? So the girl you live with has to be a girl you re fucking, or else weird stuff s gonna happen. When our balls get full, we re not the same person as when they re empty. When our balls are empty, that s when we re the person that our parents made. When my balls are empty is when I m doing everything good in life. I pay my bills. I shoot hoops. I say hi to friends. I high-five a lot of people. When your balls are full– that s why guys, like, jerk off so much. You just got to, like, change that state of mind and get back into the world functioning, empty-balled again. And when our balls are full, we ll do fucked-up shit. And to live with a girl who s just your friend, like, you re gonna fuck that friendship up. I know you will. I would. If I had a girl roommate who I wasn t fucking, two seconds, I d ruin that. First time she s like, Hey, I m going to my parents house for the weekend, 20 minutes after she leaves, I m gonna go smell all of her panties. Then… then I m gonna rub her vibrators on my face while I jerk off with a fist wrapped in her dirty underwear. [laughter] Yeah. It s horrible. And don t even waste your time judging me on that, for a few reasons. One, I ve never done that. I m just telling you that s what I would do. And two, there s no reason to judge it because I would judge myself. Do you get it? That s the whole full-balls, empty-balls thing. The juxtaposition, right? As soon as I was done jerking off in her room, I d be like, Oh, my God, what the fuck have I just done? This is my friend s end table. What am I doing? My buddy! She trusted me, and I ruined it! Then I would clean up meticulous. And I would try to stack the dildos back the way I found them. Like, Oh, my God, I should have took a picture. I would turn off the light switch with a tissue, and I would step out in my own footprints. And I would be appalled at myself, judging myself for you. Like, How can you do that to your friend? She trusted you around her stuff, and she s gone, and you ruined it, man. You spoiled the sanctity of your friendship. Well, you know what? She s gone the rest of the weekend. No big deal. I cleaned up, it s over. Never again, lesson learned. And 30 minutes later, I ll be right back in that room, rubbing dildos on my face. Just shaking my head in the mirror like, Do I know me, or do I know me? And I ll clean up meticulous after that time, and I ll leave the room again. And every time, I ll leave that room believing that I m never going back in that room again. I ll believe it when I say it. But I will be jerking off in that room every half hour on the half hour until moments before she comes home. It ll be a race for the clock. ‘Cause that s how our balls work. They fill up, we make terrible decisions. Then they re empty in this big explosion of, like, you know– And you have this moment of clarity where you re like, Where the fuck am I? Chinatown? Then they fill up again. You re like, Oh, right, Chinatown. Good call. Good call, earlier full balls. Nailed it. And our balls win. We are not to be trusted. We re not your friends. If you call this guy tonight like, Dude, let me come by and suck your dick, he d be like, Yep. He wouldn t even be like, Why? What s changed? Are things different now? Are we seeing each other? He d be like, Get over here. That s not friendship. Friendship doesn t have that kind of sexual tension. Real friendship does not have that. My best friend s name is Dave. If Dave called me at 2:00 a.m. and was like, Dude, let me come by and suck your dick, I d be like, I m gonna have to say no, Dave. Because we re friends. And that friendship s real, man. That friendship means something to me. That s real. I know it s real. ‘Cause if me and Dave weren t friends, I d be like, Yeah, dude, come over here. I m a liberal dude. He s a good-enough-looking guy with soft lips. I bet he sucks a mean dick. But then what happens? What happens then? Dave s sucking my dick. He probably gets a boner. I can t let my boy go home with a boner. Now I have to suck his dick. Now we re sucking each other s dicks, and we re not even gay. We re not gay. We re not gay, man. We re not gonna do that for long before we re like, Dude, what are we doing, man? P ugh. What are we doing here? Let s stop wasting time and start plowing some ass. So I m gonna have to let him fuck me first, because I m the fat chick in this story. So I m gonna have to lay back with my ankles in the air, knees akimbo, while Dave takes these long, rhythmic pounds into my shitter. Sweetie. These long, rhythmic pounds into my shitter. I thought I lost you for a second. But I m bigger than Dave, so eventually I m gonna want to dominate him. I m gonna flip Dave over. I m gonna start tagging him in his knuckly ass and then pull out, shoot a couple ropes of friendship across his butt cheeks, and then… collapse my tit-sweat-covered chest across his spiny and rib-cagey back. I know. Sounds like a great night. Sounds fantastic. But I can t cross that line, because we re friends. Real friends, right? I got to think about tomorrow, when I want to hang out and play video games with my friend Dave, but I can t even look him the eye because I m still picking his butt hairs out of my pee hole. Not worth it. Hey, look, you don t have to laugh at that. I m happy you even sat through it, honestly. That is a really tough one to get through. Yeah. [cheers and applause] I appreciate it. I appreciate you guys not walking out on that one. That is tough to hear front to back. You know who really hates hearing that joke? My friend Dave. It s his least favorite of all my jokes. He s like, Man, that was very vivid. I m like, Right? It just came to me too, dude. I didn t even write it down or nothing. [laughter] It was weird, man. I just improv d that shit. Straight-up improv. That was good. You guys are great. What a fun crowd. There s love in the air some places. Indoor hat like a snowboarder– that s pretty cool. These guys over here– it s all indoor winter hats. What s going on, guys? Is Blink-182 coming back around or something? These guys are so emo. I dig them. Is this your girlfriend? Wife? You guys are way too young for that crazy shit. How old are you? – 26. – 26? How long you married for? – Four years. – Four years? Where the fuck are you guys from? Better be a bomb shelter or something, whatever it is. Trying to restart your own society or something. Why? So young. Where you from? – Cape Cod. – Cape Cod, you are isolated. No one comes there till the leaves change colors. Cape Cod. You rich sons of bitches. Was this an arranged thing? Your dad owns, like, a boat dealership, and her dad s a hardware magnate or something? Is that the right word? Cape Cod– isn t that ritzy out there? – It depends. – Unless you re born there. – You were born there? – Yeah. – Oh, yeah, that s right. I watched that– Was that Cape Cod, that heroin documentary that came out? Oh, my God. That s one of the funniest things I ve ever heard in my life. People falling apart, addicted to heroin, from Cape Cod, with that accent. Ah, I m disappointing my mah. She thought I was gonna play for the Sox, but, you know, here I am, banging junk into my ah-rm.  If you shoot it right in the yah, you get higher quicker. Thank you, Dan Soder, for making me do voices. [cheers and applause] I m sure I m just doing a shitty impression of something he does way better. Good for you guys– Cape Cod. You have kids and shit already, huh? – Yeah. – Fuck, you just threw it all away so young, man. Last vag the rest of your life. You re into it, though, right? Who cares? Did you hook up with an Asian girl before you got married? No? – No Asians. – No Asians? What an idiot. There s no Asians on Cape Cod? None? There s no casino riverboat or something? Never banged an Asian chick, and you got married? That s gonna ruin your marriage at some point, man. It s gonna fall apart. Aren t you curious? Why would you marry some not-Asian girl before you see one time in your life how big your dick looks in teeny-tiny Asian-girl hands? Before you marry some white girl and those–pardon me if I say– catcher s mitts that she calls hands… All these goddamn pigs. Look at them. It s like getting jerked off with Hulk fists. Be ashamed of yourselves. Not you, Asian girl. You be loud and proud. Those little, tiny doll hands. Fucking white girl jerks you off, looks like she s gonna arm-wrestle your dick at a truck stop for ownership of an 18-wheeler. The thumb s over the top. She turned her hat backwards. [laughter] It s like a switch goes off, and you just… Not Asian girls, man. They look at every dick like it s a palm tree they got to climb to save themselves from a village flood. It s like, Oh, help! ‘Virrage frood ! You tell me two funnier words to say in a racist Asian accent than village flood. There s so many Ls. Virrage frood ? You pick two better words than… Asian girls are so hot. Not even interested, though, huh? You don t give a shit. Dude, they re amazing. Pubes like kitten fur– true story. You can lay your head on their belly, blow through it like a wheat field. [blowing softly] It s like a fabric softener commercial. And it stays wherever you blow it, like when a cat walks in front of a fan. Like… [blows softly] It s like, Mm. This is so relaxing. It s the best kind of bush. You know the second best? Black girls–nice. That s interesting pubes, man. Looks like crumbled up hamburger meat– every hair. Each hair is its own individual coil. It s amazing. It s like a whole bunch of those things that were behind the door when you were a kid. Like, b-r-r-r-r-r. B-r-r-r-r, b-r-r-r-r-r… B-r-r-r, b-r-r-r-r-r. B-r-r-r-ahh. [laughter] I m a bush guy. But every girl shaves her pussy bald now, which is weird. I know porn told you that s the way to play it, but you shouldn t do that. Every girl goes bald. So not unique. You re all just following– I see a zillion different head hairstyles here on the women. Why do you think you should all have bald pussies? Porn? That s our best and our brightest pussies. Before you shave your pussy bald– And don t do this for me. Do this for your husbands and boyfriends and fiancés. Before you shave your pussy bald, take a good look at your pussy in the mirror, because if I m being honest– and this is harsh. If I m being honest, some of your pussies need hair. Some faces need a beard. Some pussies need hair. [cheers and applause] Yeah, I need a beard. I need one. That s how you know I have a jawline, or I m all face and neck, like a thumb wearing shoes. Some pussies need a beard. You ever see a ginger chick with no bush? It s freaky. They re too pale. It s almost see-through. You need a bush so you know where the pussy starts, or you have no idea. Just a belly button, then a long white stomach. Then out of nowhere, these blue lightning strikes of veins going down the front of her fetus-like thin pussy skin. It s freaky. You can see her heart beating right through her fucking box. You re like… You re like, Oh, shit. You are worked up, lady. Some pussies need a beard– trust me– especially up here. We re in New York, man. New York winter– are you kidding me? Who wants a cold, bald winter puss? Just bald and freezing cold. You go to eat your chick s puss, you get your tongue stuck like Christmas Story.  Ah…ahh! Got to have a neighborhood kid come in, pour hot water on your face. And he s gonna tell everybody. He s running right outside. Old Man Oakerson had his tongue stuck to this chick s pussy. [laughing] Old Man Oakerson. Grow a bush, ladies. Give it a shot. Why not? What do you got to lose? Who gives a shit? I got to go old. If I like a bush, I got to go old. I got to go for older chicks. You want guaranteed bush, you got to be willing to go old. I ll go old for guaranteed bush. 75. [groans and laughter] I don t give a shit. Don t come with me. I ll fuck her myself. 75-year-old has guaranteed bush. She s too tired to shave. She goes to bed right after Wheel of Fortune and wakes up at the crack of 4:00 a.m. to feed a bunch of birds that never show up. She s confused. Doesn t know she s inside. She s like, Hmm… You re inside, dummy. What? Living her old life in that big woolly muff… wrapped around an old lippy and leathery pussy. That s right, everyone. We re gonna test this crowd out right now. A lippy and leathery pussy… lips like Saint Bernard cheeks, just hanging down. There should be a barrel of beer under her asshole. Lips. And a big old brown clit coming out of the top, like a cigar in a war vet s mouth. Yeah, I ve seen things a man shouldn t see. [applause] And leathery. Lippy and leathery. Leathery and lippy. Are there any Latinos here at all? [cheers and applause] Lippy y leathery. A leathery pussy. Leather. I mean, leathery. Like, if she tries to shave it, it won t even take off the hair. It just sharpens the razor. [imitates scraping] Look at your enemies in the cold steel, cut a work boot in half. This crowd s pretty cool. My favorite Asian guy, how you hanging in there? Good to go? You gonna hook up with this 18-year-old chick? This guy ain t doing shit in the middle. – What? – Too young. – She s too young? – How old are you? – 34. – 34, is that too old for you? – Yeah. – Yeah? All right, her dad s still alive–big deal. [scoffs] What kind of girls you like, dude? – Uh, any. – Any? You have no choice whatsoever, really? Asian girls? – Never gotten one. – Never gotten an Asian girl. How about, like, black chicks? – No. – Never, just all white girls? – Yeah. – No shit. Good for you, man. How many white girls in here have banged an Asian dude? Isn t that crazy? One. Just one back there. And why, cause he wrote a term paper for you or something? Did he teach you some dark arts afterwards or something? What was it? You just did–two? At the same time? Yeah. You tried to get one normal length of dick inside of you, right? [groans, laughter] Relax, just laugh at it. You re fucking, Uhh…  Ahh… I hate when crowds get whimpery during comedy. You should never get like that. Never do anything but just laugh. If it ain t funny, don t laugh. But if it was funny, laugh, but all that, like… [laughing hesitantly] Ooh. Such a waste of time. Letting words affect you at all like that is a waste of time. I ve had so many situations where if people would just laugh and get over themselves, it would be such a better time. And also, I give you this as a lesson for life, if you want to take lessons from a guy who wears a wallet chain still. [laughter] [cheers and applause] Zero Fucks said it was cool, so… Take my advice, please. If you could learn to not let words affect you in a way that makes you, like, cringe up and ooh and ahh, it is so liberating in life. You will never lose an argument, ever, because if you have no fear of what s coming your way, you can say whatever you want to people– horrible, terrible things. And words do hurt most people, and it s fun to watch them just crumple into a ball as you re saying viciously crazy things. I do this for a living, you know. So this is something where a lot of mean stuff gets thrown my way. You got to learn how to, like, just Teflon. You can t hurt me with words– that s for sure. I had a thing with a guy a few years back– not even, maybe about a year ago–here in New York. He was talking during a whole show at a comedy club. They were gonna kick him out. He was there with his wife and his daughter. His daughter was an adult. And they were gonna kick him out for talking. I go, No, I like to talk to the crowd. Let me see if I can save this guy. Maybe he s an all-right dude, just a little drunk. Maybe he s an all-right guy. Let s try to save him. Now, I was wrong. He was a piece of shit. But that s hindsight. At the time, I m like, Let me see if I can save him. And I said to the guy, I go, Hey, buddy, what s going on? Who you here with? And he goes– with this attitude too– he goes, My wife and my daughter. I go, Cool, man. How old s your daughter? And he goes, None of your fucking business. And I was like, All right, man. I didn t ask you if I could butt-fuck her on your table. I just asked you how old she was. And the girl was like, I m 26. I m like, Okay, she s 26. Like, what s the big– why are we fighting, dude? You re at a comedy club. We re just trying to have fun, right? What s the big thing? And I go, I m trying to relate to you, man. I also have a daughter. How about that? And he replies, he goes, Yeah, I know. I met your daughter. Like, implying something. And I was like, Where, on ‘To Catch a Predator ? She s 13. And then I was like, Oh, wait, you know what, dude? She actually told me all about you. She said she could fit her whole 13-year-old fist around your pencil dick. [groans and laughter] Yeah, and then, just like you queefs, that crowd was like, Whoa… How can you say that about your daughter, man? How can you say that about your daughter? And here s how I can say that about my daughter. And listen up, this is a good one. It s because I fucking made it up. It never happened. Turns out my daughter never jerked that guy off. Don t even worry about it. If she did jerk him off, I probably wouldn t bring it up at a comedy club to the very guy she jerked off. I d probably handle that in some sort of a legal forum. She s my daughter, and I love her. That s the whole– It s the middle of a comedy show, like, You re going to jail, mister. Sorry, everyone, I ll be right– You son of a bitch. My apologies, it s the man who fucked my daughter. You got to have a tough skin for shit like that, man. World s too tough. If words are taking you down, you re not ready for the world. I have people yell out– people don t know me. They yell out all kinds of things. I had a guy yell out one time from the audience– This is like a 1950s insult. He goes, Your mom sucks dick down by the docks. That should have been followed by a see.  Your mom sucks dick by the docks, see? I m like, Well, tell her to change locations. We bringing our boys back home from the war? Like, fucking, by the docks? You trying to blow merchant marines? Like, hit the city, man. Get some foot traffic. Not gonna make any money blowing dudes by the docks. Some people are like, How can you say something like that about your mom? And it s like, because my mom s fine. I don t know that guy. What am I supposed to do when a stranger says my mom sucks dick by the docks? Just call her right away and be like, Mom, I just heard! What s happening?  Is Joe not working? Joe s my stepfather. Probably should have mentioned that before I brought him up. I grew up with a stepfather. Anybody else here? [scattered cheers] Oh, sorry you all came from fantastic homes. You guys were all tennis prodigies or something here. You had a steppop? – Boyfriends of Mom. – Boyfriends of Mom– that s even worse. What were some of their names? I bet they re great. – There was this guy named Big Mike. – Big Mike? You had to call him that? Hey, it s me, Big Mike. I ll be eating Chinese food in your mom s room.  If you re wondering what that smell is, it s Peking duck and fuck.  I brought you a Nintendo game. Stay out of our hair. My mom had some boyfriends growing up. She dated a lot, which was always hilarious, because I was just a little fat son wearing medium pajamas, because nobody believed I was fat. So I would just always have my shins and belly button hanging out. Some jerk-off sitting on a couch, playing my mom acoustic-guitar songs. * Lady… I m like, Mister, give me 20 bucks. I ll go to bed.  She s good to go, bro. You just need me out of your hair.  Oh, she s a party, man. Stepdad s a good dude. Still is, Joe, great guy. Huge dick, true story. Big… real big. Was Big Mike s dick big? You never saw it? You never got a glance? Boy, I did. I saw Joe s dick. The room s uncomfortable. I m not sure why. If I brought it up in a comedy situation, it s probably a funny story. I m not here to break down to you. In the middle of the show, it took a dark turn. He just started having these memories like, ‘Oh, my God, I was just a boy.  [laughs] I saw Joe s dick. It was no big deal. I bet when I tell you how it happened, a lot of you are gonna feel weird for being weird about that. You ll be like, Oh, that makes sense. That happens. Things like this happen. I was ten years old. My mom was at work, and Joe was holding me down and making me look at his dick. And he was like, Scream for God. And I tried. But God couldn t hear me, because Joe s balls were in my mouth, and… you try pronouncing a G with balls in your mouth. It s damn near impossible, if not just impossible. I m making that up. That never happened. I did see Joe s dick, but it wasn t under those horrible circumstances. I saw it by accident. I grew up in an apartment, so close quarters, man. Shit happens. And I remember one day I was in the hallway of our apartment. We had a mirror on one side, bathroom door on the other. Joe was coming out of the shower. Bathroom door was open. He turned around. I looked up at the time. Bank shot off the mirror– wasn t even a dead-on shot. And he turned around, man, and I saw his dick. And wow. It was huge. I mean, it was– came in and out of the frame when he turned around, like… [imitates whoosh] It blanked out his face for a second. It hit his thigh. It was like a Rocky punch. Like, water shattered off his leg slo-mo. Pff, pff-pff, pff, pff, pff, pff-pff-pff, pff, pff. He s playing ball-in-a-cup. It was a big dick. And when any kid sees his stepfather s dick is that big, I thought what any kid would think– I wish this guy was my real dad, honestly. I could use some of that hog in my bloodline. Man, oof. My dad has a little dick. And that s what he gave to me, passed it right down. [chuckles] Just very sentimental about it. I know–I saw my dad s dick, too, when I was younger. That s not as weird, right? Most kids see their father s dick. That s how you learn how to take a shower when you re a kid, right? Jump in with your dad, he shows you what s up. And then at some point, that gets weird, and you get out, and you do it yourself. That s what I did. I don t remember how old I was when I stopped taking showers with my father. It may have been too old, in hindsight. It may have been too old. I was definitely too tall. I know that. I don t remember all those showers, but I remember that last one. That was… [laughter] His dick hit me right in the face. I know. It seemed like I was gonna be suggestive, but I just said it– cock-slapped by my father. Not on purpose. We were in the shower. I don t remember how old I was, but I just remember he was like, Son, hand me the shampoo, and I was like, Yes, Papa. I turned around, and his dick went boom, right in the face. And I was like, Dude… And if you re old enough to call your dad dude, you probably shouldn t be in the shower with him. Dude. [laughs] And he was like, What? I m like, What? Your dick just hit me right in the beard, man. What the fuck? Oh, Christ, oh, Christ. Hi. I m gonna be thinking about this all day at work.  Hey, Dad, I think I m gonna stay at my place for a few nights.  How old was he? That s a fake story too. My apologies, everyone. I hate lying to you. I ll tell you the true story about how I saw my dad s dick. And it was little. I m not lying about that. I saw it. Here s how little it was. The situation when I saw my dad s dick was so chaotic, I shouldn t even have noticed that his dick was out. That s how little it was. It drew my attention. I was a little kid. I was at his house for the weekend. And I m up at, like, 2:00 in the morning, probably eating snacks, watching TV. And somebody started trying to violently break into the house, like, kicking in the front door violently. And I was a little nervous fat kid, and I go running for his door like, Daddy, help! Dad, help, something terrible is happening! And to his credit, he wanted to answer my cries. He opens the door butt-naked, and he just goes, What is it? And even in all my fear, I was like, Dad, someone s… Oh, what? No way, dude. Come on, really?  Chip off the old block, asshole. And I was like, You know what, Dad? Go find a hiding spot, never mind. I m gonna call Joe, get some big-dick advice on how to handle this. This seems like a big-dick job. I can t send my dad out there to fight that guy in the nude with that little dick. I love my dad. What if that guy kills my dad? That s our family s legacy? Front page of the paper– Local little-dick man dies in tragic home invasion. And there s his fat son covering his dad s dick with one hand, crying and yelling at everyone. Stop laughing at him! Stop laughing! He s my daddy!  He was a good man! Right from him. What do you do? I don t even ask if dick size is important anymore. I know it is. That s why I m so envious of, like, black-dude dicks, man. They are so– Whew. What a work of art. I mean, just mind-blowing. There s Asian girls here. I always worry about– You ever see a black penis before, sweetie? You hooked up with a black guy before? True story? Yo, this Asian girl right here. Did you really? Oh, my God. Was it terrifying? Those dicks are so big, and you re such a tiny Asian person. When he put is dick in you, did you take the shape of his dick, like when a snake swallows a dog house? Pff! Oh… Pff! Oh, God. Oh–Pff! Jesus Christ, no, no, no, no. Oh, jeez. Just veins going up your chest and pink dick-head meat behind the whites of your eyes. Pink dick-head meat behind the whites of your eyes. Come on, that one had to get you. You get the concept, right? She s so full of this hypothetical black dick, that it s moved everything in her body out of the way, and behind her eyelids, pink dick-head meat. That s even funny if you write that down. [laughs] Black dick, yo. You ever see one? Never, not even in film or something, huh? You never even looked it up. Is this your boyfriend, husband? Your husband, that s good. You keep her away from it. You don t want her to know what she s missing. They re out there, dude. Black dicks are everywhere. And they re looking for white girls like you. They live in the ground like Tremors. Remember Tremors? Just lying dormant, waiting for you to play catcher in a softball game. Like, k shh! You need Kevin Bacon and the dad from Family Ties, or you re assed out. I ve seen some black dicks that have, like, changed the course of my day, just made me like, Oh, that brought me down. I had a thing a few months back at a club here in New York. My buddy Will was hosting the comedy show, and Will is Haitian. And I was onstage, and I was talking to him from offstage, and I go, Will, you re Haitian. Do you have, like, a crazy huge Haitian dick? Because Haitian, that s like island black dudes. So that s like give girls their groove back size dick. That s like– straighten your back out, have you typing faster and stuff. And I was like, Do you have a big crazy Haitian dick? And he goes, I don t know. And I was like, Do you have a cell phone picture of it? He goes, Yep. And he handed me the picture. And here s how I knew it was gonna be huge before I even focused on the dick. And it was huge. What he s handing me, I realize quickly, is a full-body nude picture. Yeah, that silence is cause everyone s impressed. And the guys are confused, because dick pics doesn t blow anyone s mind anymore. It s 2016. Every guy in this room s got a dick pic. But most of us take dick pics the same way. You want your dick to look its biggest. So you put the camera right against your dick so it takes up the whole picture, top to bottom. I leave a little room on the side so you can see, like, an apartment building or something in the distance to give it some depth and perspective. But never in my life would I show you how small my dick looks against my giant fucking body. [laughter] Just dwarfing it. But Will did. Confident, with his dick out. Confident. You know why he was so confident? True story– dick touches the top of his knee. Top of his knee. And I said out loud to the crowd, Oh, my God, Will. Your dick is touching the top of your knee. And you know what some idiot in the audience yelled out? I swear to you, he goes, It s probably hard, though. Okay. What? Does that negate a knee-length dick to you? If it s hard? It s touching his knee. Sorry, everyone, false alarm. It s just regular old knee-length boner. I thought it was– Didn t mean to stop the presses. It s touching his knee. That s awesome. My dick has never touched my thighs, hard or soft. And my thighs are right here. But, funny enough, if I put my thighs together, it mushes my balls to the top, and my dick s all short and fat, and it looks like I dropped an ice cream cone on my lap. Aw, stupid ice cream cone. Aw, now there s hair in it. I m joking. [laughs] I m not sure why I had to tell you I was joking. I m joking. This has been so gross. I really do– I say have a little dick a lot. And then girls come back like, Nuh-uh. And I m like… And then they re like, Oh, eh… I lie it down a little bit so they always go, It s not that bad. I m very insecure. I used to ask women in the audience, as, like, a unit, just a whole group of women, I d be like, Hey, what s the smallest dick you ve ever seen in your life? And I stopped doing that quick, because I was looking for answers that would me feel better about my dick size. You know, they d be like, 3 inches, or, 4 inches. And I d be like, All right, I m doing okay, then. That s not what happened. I found out from that question, from that polling system, how horrible women are. You re really terrible, terrible people. It s unbelievable. If you ask enough women in one group, smallest dick you ve ever seen, you know the answer most of them give? A lot of them give the same one. It s not even a measurement of numbers or anything. They just hold up a pinkie finger. Mm, pinkie dick. Pinkie dick? Pinkie– that s a lie, number one. There s no man in the world with a pinkie dick. A pinkie dick? If you have a pinkie dick when you turn 18, you kill yourself. That s respectable. You jump off a bridge or something more hilariously small dick related, but you do not press forward in life with a pinkie dick. You girls are laughing. [women laughing] Was that your answer? Was that what you would have said, pinkie dick? You saw that in life? No shit? Guy pulled it out for you. What s your name? – Christine. – Christine. A guy pulled out a pinkie dick for you. – [laughs] – Is that how it happened? Sexual situation, guy whips it out. – Yep. – Christine, if you don t mind, what did you do? – I told him I had to go home. – You told him you had to go home. [laughter, cheers, and applause] I don t know why you re applauding her. That s the shittiest thing ever. This guy pulled out a pinkie dick, and she told him she had to go home. How fucking horrible is that? Are you kidding me? You just left? Christine, you are a rotten person. But can I say you re not alone? Any girl who tells me she saw a pinkie dick, my next question is always, What did you do? What did you do when the guy pulled it out? And most of the time, they always leave. They walk out. Some girls are nicer than others. I don t know how you handled it. Like, some girls, you know, the guy pulls out it, they re like, Oh, shit. I just remembered. My sister s on fire.  I should have left, like, an hour ago. I was having so much fun. But I got to–eh… And then some girls are just mean, like, Oh, shit, pinkie dick, and then start trying to, like, periscope or something. Do you think if a guy s got a pinkie dick– if this is real, right, and the guy s got a pinkie dick, do you think he s unaware of the fact the has a pinkie dick? He knows. It haunts him every day of his goddamn life. Every morning he wakes up, and he stares at it angry, and he grabs it with two fingers, and he stretches it as far as it can go, until it s so thin, it looks like a goddamn Capri Sun straw. And he lets it go, hoping it s gonna stay where he pulled it to, it just snaps back all angry. Now, if he pulled that shit out for you, that was a big thing for him. All day long he was talking himself into it, like, Okay, all right, here we go. Tonight s the big night. I like this girl. She likes me. She s different. She s not gonna walk away like all the rest. This is a good girl, cool chick. I m gonna pull out my pinkie dick tonight. And she s gonna go down there, and she s gonna suck it with the mouth of a whistler. But they never do. You know what a shot that was, how much of a shot that was to that guy s psyche? You didn t care at all, did you? You know why that is? Do you know why you re callous like that, Christine? Because it s a pain you will never feel. That s it. Women walk away from sexual situations like that, laughing, giggling, high-fiving with their girlfriends. But you ve never had the flip side of that. No guy has ever walked away, ever, from a sexual situation. We don t do it. We come to do a job, and we finish at all costs. And the problem with that is, it has made you women believe that, like, you re perfect. And why would a guy ever walk away? Well, let me tell you something. There s plenty of reasons to walk away. We just don t do it, because we re better people than you. There s a million and one reasons. We should walk away, but we don t. We come to do a job, and we finish at all costs. And sometimes there s a price. Do you know how many vaginas I ve had my face in front of that smelled like boiled hot dog water? Tons, tons. Like Chinatown Dumpsters on clams casino night. Countless. That means more than I can count. Do you know what I did to every one of those vaginas? I ate them, because my face made a promise when I went down there. You don t walk away from that. You finish the job. You come and you finish. [cheers and applause] Look, don t cheer me on too much. I mean, you know, I make little comments during it for myself. Like, I ll pop up, and I ll be like, Did you jog here? And then I ll go back down. I m like, Did you shit while hand-standing today? I got 80 of those. Were the front half of a two-person horse costume this afternoon?  Did you and your best friend fart into each other assholes? I have a question for you, Christine. Why didn t you try anal with this guy? If you thought you wouldn t feel it in your puss, why didn t you give it a shot in your butt? Grow up. Not into butt stuff at all? You re not into butt stuff at all, huh? No? How about you, couple? What? – Exit only. – Exit only? And you re marrying her? Dipshit. You want to be with me, we re going butthole… at some point. Time and a place, you know? You don t butt-fuck at home. It s a hotel game. That s an away game. [laughter and applause] You don t butt-fuck at home. Home is where you have, like, you know, family events and host the holidays and shit. You can t, like– You can t have your nana eating pumpkin pie on a couch you know you butt-fucked on. She doesn t know, but you know, and that s enough to make it weird. Like, Oh, Nana. She s just eating away, has no idea. The ghost of butt-fuck past dragging around. You butt-fuck in hotels. ‘Cause what s the big concern with butt-fucking? Messy cleanup. It s not your problem in a hotel. That s some Mexican lady s problem in the morning. Don t feel bad. That s what you re paying for, man. You re on your way to brunch. You re like, My bad, Guadalupe. There s an extra 20 on the end table there for you. She s confused. She s like, ¿Por qué? Oh, no! Mi Dios! Está poop! You could laugh at that joke. You could not laugh at that joke. But you have to admit, that was all legit Spanish. Está poop.  It s poop. I try to think of things for little dicks. I try to reach out to other little-dick guys and give ideas for things. That s why I m so intimidated by black women. This beautiful black woman here. Yeah, fuck, I m very intimidated by black women. Do we have a lot of black women here? Way in the back, then one up here. Fantastic. This is your boyfriend? White dude. Unfortunately, yeah, I hear you. Hey, whatever, you need a cosigner for a car loan. Big whoop. Got yourself a Kia Sportage now? You fucking… Good for you, dude. You got to be confident for that. Black women intimidate the shit out of me sexually. I m so attracted to them, but I can t make a move. I get very nervous. I don t even jerk off to black girls in porn, which isn t racial, by the way. I love black dudes in porn. They re my favorite. Five black dudes banging a chubby white chick while her husband jerks off and cries in a corner… that s my shit. I keyword search that whole phrase every day. There is a staggering amount of updates. I don t even do the whole thing. I just put in Five black, and it fills in, …guys fucking… [light applause] It s a weird thing to clap for, but all right. The black women– you know what it is? Black women got those big old booties, which I like. That s my thing. Yeah, you re an ass man, right? I love it. I love looking at it. And then when I see it, I m like, I want that. And then I put it into, like, an actual sexual context, and I get very insecure. You know what I mean? You get it, right? You understand what I m saying. Like, the big–and then you– I see that big butt, and as a white dude, I don t know if I have enough dick to get through all that cheek to hit the holes. And I feel like, with a black woman, I m gonna end up, like, titty-fucking her butt cheeks for a half hour. That s not gonna make her have a good time. That s gonna make her make a hilarious black-woman phone call, like, Girl, this white boy just titty-fucked my butt cheeks. Leg of lamb, leg of lamb. [humming soulfully] * *White boy just titty-fucked my butt cheeks * * Oh, wow, wow [laughter] Can I say something to you guys real quick? This is–with the exception– This sounds like Rocky speech. With the exception of the day my daughter was born 13 years ago, this is, hands down, the most amazing night of my entire fucking life. It is, you guys. [cheers and applause] And I love you so much for sharing it with me. And it wouldn t have happened without you guys. So I fucking love you so much. Thank you. I love you. Good night. [cheers and applause] – Ladies and gentlemen, Big Jay Oakerson! [heavy rock music] ** [cheers and applause] [heavy rock music]

JIM NORTON@MOUTHFUL OF SHAME@2017@First of all, thank you so much for doing this. I know you re busy. I was kind of embarrassed to ask you. What do you need, exactly? Because I m… Um, I want you to… – You re gonna look into the camera. – Right. Get the audience really psyched up to see me, a nice introduction. Just get them really juiced to have me coming out. What about Ladies and gentlemen, you are in the for the night of your lives. This next comedian makes Jerry Seinfeld and Chris Rock look like rubbish. George Carlin and Richard Pryor were shit compared to him. Please welcome the greatest comedian – Jim Norton. Nah, it s just too much. It s a little over the top. Is it? Yeah, too much. Oh. Kind of hard to believe all that. Well, yeah. I was trying to big you up. So… Something a little bit less pressure-inducing. Right, okay. You don t want pressure. I m sorry. I didn t realize you didn t want pressure when doing a special on Netflix that s gonna be seen by millions of people. But you don t want pressure. It should feel honest. – Honest? – Honest is important. Okay. Honest. Yeah, honest. Please give it up for the dirty, disgusting, depraved little peeled turtle with AIDS, the king of cum-guzzling himself, Mr. Jim Norton. Too honest? – Yeah? Sorry. Hey, buddy. I ve got a favor to ask you. I m shooting a special, and I m looking for someone to introduce me, and I would love it to be you. You d just kind of say something nice about me and bring me onstage. If that would… Look, I appreciate you doing this, but it just doesn t seem like you really mean any of it. You don t believe what I just said? Ladies and gentlemen, coming up to the stage sometime soon, in a little while, is Jim Norton. See? Right there. It s no good. What do you mean? You don t sound like you mean it. You ve got to say it with conviction. You re telling me how to deliver lines? Your goal here is to get people really happy and excited to see me. I m an actor. I m not a fucking magician. You don t like the way I did that? Huh? I didn t say I didn t like it. Stop being so nervous. Do it again, you fucking nervous little prick. Go ahead, do it again. – Your motivation should be… My motivation? Should be… Now say it again with conviction, you ugly little slug. Your motivation should be… You dirty, nervous prick! Jimmy, come on! You can do it! Ladies and gentlemen, do me a fucking favor and please welcome Jim Norton! ? The world today Is such a wicked place ? ? Fighting going on Between the human race… ? Thank you. Thank you very much for coming. I really appreciate you being here. How about that? Robert De Niro spanked my bare ass. I was sick the day we shot that, and my whole fear, I was like, Please, don t shit on his hand. Don t shit on his hand. Look, I have a decent comedy career. I m doing stand-up over 20 years. I m not mainstream famous, obviously. Kevin Hart is mainstream famous. I have the type of fame where people will see me, and they kind of… Sometimes they know they ve seen me somewhere, but they re not sure where. It s never attractive women. Even if they know me, they don t say it, cause they re not sure. Did I see him on stage somewhere, or did he follow me home? I always have that… Did I see him on Louie or in my bushes? But I don t know what you know about comedians, but there s nothing we hate more than some random guy going, Dude, where do I know you from? The last thing I want to say is, I m a comedian. Oh, don t pick on me. I m gonna use you in my act, buster. Come on, let s sit down. It s repulsive. So, whenever someone says, Where do I know you from, I ll usually go, I think I sucked your dick. You like it down to the root, right? You like it down to the root? Two fingers in the ass, thumb on the balls. I know you. Don t get mad, dude. I thought it was you. Maybe it was your dad. He looked like you. I apologize. Don t get mad. You tell me, do I look familiar? I feel so good. I m happy to be shooting in New York. It s nice to be back home. And I feel rested. I m always tired. I fell asleep last night, got eight hours, had an amazing dream that Kim Kardashian was sitting on my face and just grinding. Well, but then I woke up and realized my nose was just stuffy. I like a fat ass more than a white guy is supposed to. Black guys are supposed to like fat asses, but I really like a big, fat ass. But I tend to date small women. So, it s awful when I see a big, fat ass if I m with a small girl, and they re like, That s disgusting. Then I have to kind of sell out. Yeah, it s terrible. Oh, that would feel awful, those birthing hips. I d hate to hold onto those and slide in. Ugh! Oh, her pussy would probably grip you like the mouth in Aliens. Oh, disgusting! How awful, that soft flesh bouncing back against you. I like your skeletal hips. That s what I like, your skeletal… Ass like a leukemia patient. That s what turns me on. Oh, I love it when you turn around and go… I got into a fight recently. I don t fight a lot. I m not a big guy, so I really don t fight very much. But I have a big mouth. I won my fight, though. I actually won the fight that I got into. It was a guy. He was a little drunk, I think. He was in a store, and I just overheard him, and I couldn t help myself. He had a fedora on. And he s talking to the salesgirl, and he s like, What do you think I should wear with this? And I said, A rope. Which is actually very sound fashion advice. But he grabbed my shirt. That s why I think he was drunk. He grabbed my shirt, and he s like, What did you say? And I was like, I m gonna cum. Then he gave up immediately. Too late, unfortunately. Guys are so homophobic. It s really funny to me. We use a homophobic thing to make each other uncomfortable, to dominate each other when we re growing up. You remember ten or 11 years old, you d be sitting at your friend s house, watching TV in the living room, and then he d just walk in out of nowhere and start humping the side of your face? Remember? I still do shit like that. It s still fun to fuck with your friends. I walked into a public restroom, and a buddy of mine was at the urinal, and you gotta do something when your friend s at the urinal. You just gotta fuck with him a little bit. He didn t hear me walk in, so I snuck up behind him very quietly and I stood about an inch behind him, and then I put my mouth right behind his neck hair, and I just went… Hey! And he freaked out, and it wasn t my friend. Yet. Do you know how hard that is to explain to a stranger, why you just spoke onto his neck? Oh, man. I feel great. I feel really, really good. Life has just been good lately. And it s so funny, cause you find things you like as you get older. I m in my 40 s now, so you find shit that makes you feel good. Like, I have a hatred of somebody telling me a story, and at one point in the story, you know how they ask you to guess at part of… It s usually because the story is shit, and they think that your guess will propel their story into interesting. They ll say, Guess how many? Then you guess the number, and then they tell you the real number, and you re like, Holy shit! I should ve guessed… I ve begun over-guessing on purpose just to totally destroy the momentum of the story. Once you do it, you ll never not do it. And I know I m a piece of shit for robbing little victories from all my friends. Fuck them. Their stories are terrible. My manager Jonathan… I love him, but he does this to me all the time. He bought a watch, and he paid 1,500 bucks for the watch. And if he had just said, I paid 1,500 for this watch, but it s worth 2,000, I would ve been impressed. I would ve been like, Oh, cool, you saved 500 bucks. But he tried to have, like, a holy shit moment with it. He s like, Dude, I paid 1,500 for this watch. Guess how much it s worth.  I don t know. A hundred-and-thirty-thousand? And I m still giddy at the memory of that stupid fucking smile melting off his face. ‘Cause now his real number has no impact whatsoever. Like, I guessed 130,000. He can t go, No. 2,000.  Oh, hey, that s a heck of a savings, too! Fucking shoot yourself. Your story was terrible. And I started doing it… It s weird. I begun… The joy of over-guessing, I discovered by accident. I was trying to do the right thing. A friend of mine is really fat. Wouldn t it be great if I just left it right there? A friend of mine is fat and moved on to something else. Like, that was just me talking to him. You know who you are. A friend of mine is really fat. He started losing weight, which was great, but instead of just letting somebody notice it, he told us that he lost weight, which was kind of awkward cause it wasn t really noticeable yet. He s like, Dude, I lost some weight. In my mind, I m like, Allegedly. I didn t see evidence of that at all. But then he puts me on the spot. He s like, Guess how many pounds. And I don t want to be a scumbag. Uh, point… So, in an effort to be nice, I over-guessed. I was like, 50? He was like, No. Six. And I realized that by over-guessing, I had totally robbed him of that moment and made him feel horrible. And it made me so fucking happy. I feel so good. I don t know how to handle feeling… I don t know how to live feeling good. I m so not used to it. I go through my depression, though, like everybody else. I go through my feeling like shit. You ever get suicidal thoughts? Anybody? Oh, yeah. That was a very fast… Whenever you say suicidal thoughts, you never want the answer to be that quick. Yes! Hope you re not on a first date. That s the wrong time. I ve wanted to kill myself and everyone else in the theater. Oh, good. That s… But it s weird how sneaky it is and how it hits you out of nowhere. You re not prepared for it. Things are great, then all of a sudden, your voice, like… You forgot to hang yourself.  What? I m not trying to bum everybody out. It goes away in six months. And I don t want to kill myself, but I ve kind of come to a peaceful conclusion, that if I ever do decide to kill myself, I m gonna go out in style. And before I do it, I want to write a note blaming someone I hardly know. How hilarious would that be, just to wreck somebody s life for no reason whatsoever? But it s got to be totally random. Pick some guy at work you ve talked to once in eight years. Not even a guy from your department. Just make it, you know… Murray in Human Resources will know what this is about. And fucking hang yourself. For the rest of his life, Murray will be all fucked up and socially awkward. I don t know. I said hi to the guy once in 2014. I m a terrible liar. I m a very, very bad liar. And I wish I was better, cause it s hard for me to be good in relationships. So, the fact is, I just give myself away when I m lying. I always feel like it s obvious. Some guys are literally masters of lying. Your girl could walk in and catch you fucking one of her friends. What are you doing?  She fell, baby. I was picking her up. Just so smooth. And I admire your ability to do that, because I just… my eyes get wide. I sound like an actor from the 1940s if I m texting the wrong person. Who is that?  It s a buddy, see? Ahh. Fucking throw the phone into the tub. Nothing to see there, chum. Ahh. Have you ever been such a bad liar that you try to lie by just telling the truth with a sarcastic inflection in your voice, cause it feels less like a lie? Like, if your girlfriend knows you cheated on her. Did you have sex with her?  Yeah! Oh, yeah, yeah. I fucked her twice while you were in the hospital. That reads pretty honest in a transcript. My ex-girlfriend caught me. I got busted so badly. Has anybody ever gotten busted talking to someone you shouldn t be? Because it s in black-and-white… Here s what it was. One morning, I was having a nasty conversation with a girl, who I had met one time. And that s what we do now in the digital era. You talk to people who you probably wouldn t talk to before, because you can just do it on your cell phone. And it was one of those three-hour, lathered-up, fucking filthy… I was offering her $500 to come over and stick her feet in my mouth. Which, you know, obviously, I would never do that. Three-fifty is the cutoff for foot worship. Everybody knows that. But I was talking to this girl Maria. And again, we d never hung out. We d only met one time. But it was a three-hour… I was so finished. I just jerked off and fell asleep. I didn t even clean up until the next morning. Literally, I sounded like a Fruit Roll-Up when I was pulling my… This is 2011. I remember this like it was yesterday, cause my girlfriend at the time walked into the bedroom, and she goes, Get up, Jim. You know how you know you re fucked for some… The tone of voice implies this is not gonna be great news. Get up, Jim. I m like, What? I don t know why that was my impression of myself waking up. Wha… I don t talk like that. See, I overact, even in real life. Wha… I m like, What? And she says, I know about your fucking conversation with Maria last night. And I m a little freaked out, but I look over, and my phone is exactly where I left it the night before. I m like, I don t know what you re talking about. She s like, $500 to lick her feet, you piece of shit? So, now I know she knows. Either that or she s an amazing guesser. But I wish I would ve improv d that line I did before: Hey, I wouldn t go over 350 for foot worship. Ha ha! Elbowed her. Ohh, we d have made love. But I knew I was caught somehow. I didn t know how she knew. But you know how it is when you get caught. I m just like, I m sorry. I m a sex addict. I don t know. There s no way to fish for information when you re trying to save your relationship. I couldn t go, Baby, I love you. How did you know, for future reference? Here s how she knew. She told me how she knew. ‘Cause none of us are as smart as we think we are. None of us understand the technology as well as we think we do. And we re all on Wi-Fi, and all the devices are connected. And I was in this chat, and I m lathered up. I only have one hand to use on the phone, obviously. I hit the wrong button and I printed the entire conversation in the living room… a seven-page PDF file. Clear, too, cause I d just put in fresh ink. It was very readable. And by a terrible coincidence, she needed the printer the next morning, cause she was taking a college course at the time. She was very advanced for her age. So, she takes this conversation out of the printer, and the paper she wrote, and she heads off to class with this. And this is absolutely the truth. Thank God she didn t hand it in. ‘Cause she was crazy. I firmly believe she would ve woken me up by putting a knife in my stomach. She would not have been… But it would ve been a funnier joke. There s no funny part. It would ve been a much cleverer joke if she had handed it in, and I would ve… I got an A. She got a C. Hey-oh! The truth itself is not funny. It s just sad. The way it played out was she read the text, and she felt really betrayed, and she cried. You know? That s what I ll do. I ll jazz it up with one of those. Got a lot of… you know? But I kind of regret it. You ve got to be so careful what you say and what you put in text, because this day and age, anything you do can fucking ruin your life. You ve got to be so scared of every text you send, every dirty picture you send, everything you put on Snapchat. I mean, I ll tell you who has struck a blow for privacy. Hulk Hogan did more for privacy than any shitty politician has done in the last ten years cause he sued Gawker out of existence. And that was a very big thing. You guys know the story. Hulk was fucking that woman. He did not know he was being filmed. And Gawker, I guess, put a link to it up, and he says it ruined his life. I think there was racist language or something. I guess at the time, Brooke was dating a black guy, and I guess Hulk was none too pleased. And apparently he said the word n i g g e r so many times that Dog the Bounty Hunter hung up on him. So, WWE fired him, and he said it ruined his life. But I ll be honest. I m a bigger Hulk Hogan fan now than I ve never been. Did you see the cock on Hulk Hogan? I ran out and bought a little yellow headband. I m a Hulkamaniac. Jesus Christ. I never understood why that stupid leg drop was such an effective finishing move. But now I m just amazed nobody was killed with that Civil War cannon strapped to his leg. I m gonna rip your asshole apart, brother! Thank you. That s my Hulk Hogan. That s what you do when you can t do an impression as a comedian. You just jazz it up by moving funny. You like Christopher Walken? Oh! You know, my watch. Ow! You name a person, I ll do him. I don t care. I do good. I thought you were gonna name somebody. Okay. Oprah! Oprah? Worst guess ever. You got to watch it. I was bummed I fucked up that relationship, because that girl, she was dirty, man. She would, like, lick my ass. She was a trooper. Every guy likes their ass eaten. Let s not pretend that I m the only one who likes their ass licked. Here s why that did not get the rousing round of applause that ass-eating does deserve. Literally… No, you don t have to do it now. But whenever someone mentions ass-eating, here s what people ought to do: Hold on. Let me put my drink down and applaud for the idea of ass-eating. No, no, no. Hey. Easy. She would eat my ass, and she would… Look, here s the thing with getting your ass licked. It s… It s embarrassing to ask for. There s nothing worse than asking for something and having a girl go, No. Then you re ashamed of liking it. If you want a girl to suck your dick, you might go, Come on, suck my dick. And if she says no, then you can kind of coax her a little bit. Like, Come on, suck my dick. Eh? How about it? But it s embarrassing if you re like, Come on, just lick my ass a little bit.  No.  Come on, what are you doing? Just get back there and eat it. Part the hair with a comb and slam your face in there. What are you doing? You re gonna feel like you re kissing the scalp of a marathon runner. Get in there, you silly goose. So, you gotta kind of hint at it. ‘Cause you can t be ashamed about something if you re hinting. So, say your girlfriend is sucking your dick, and she pops it out and she s, like, licking the back. Exaggeration, obviously. What do you want, truth in comedy? All right, so, she s licking the… What is he doing? Is he sealing an envelope or rolling a joint? I don t understand. But if you hint at something, there s no shame in it cause they can t reject it. So, if your girlfriend is giving you head, you start raising your hips… just a little bit. And moaning. Get a little help, like… Your balls will slowly drag over her face like a street sweeper. Then they re finally just sitting on her forehead. She looks like Tiberius Caesar. She s like, All right, I get it. You want your ass licked. Got it. And then they always do that little tester lick on your asshole. Just a little… You ever lick an asshole? It s like testing a battery. And I m gonna brag a little. My asshole passes with flying colors. My asshole is like two immaculate, hairless peach halves. And that s exactly how I describe it on PlentyOfFish. Two immaculate, hairless peach halves, just meant for nuzzling. But I m a dirty guy. I m a dirty person. And it s funny. My whole career… for those of you who are familiar with me… I ve always said, I m a pervert. But I m not a pervert. ‘Cause a pervert implies you like a victim, or you like tricking people. And I realized that recently. I don t like anybody vulnerable in sex. I don t like drunk girls. I don t like underage girls. I don t have sex with children. And I don t why more men don t talk about that. That s my best quality. I don t like virgins. I don t like women who ve only been with a couple of guys, cause then it means too much to them, and I know I m kind of a piece of shit. So, I don t want a girl to look at me with puppy love, just kissing it like, You re so special. Do you love me, too? Oh, my God. I m so happy. I want a girl to look at my dick and go, Ugh, I wish it was black, and then blow a snot rocket on it. Jared Fogle is a pervert. How do you fuck up the Subway endorsement? Jared s whole job was to hold up those big, fat-fuck pants. That was his job. Don t get fat, don t fuck kids. How hard is that? I could do that in my sleep. If you just it say to yourself on the way out the door… Don t get fat and don t fuck kids. Don t get fat… don t fuck kids. Don t get fat, don t fuck kids. But it s amazing how many people… you realize their sexual behavior is so fucked up. Obviously, Cosby. I love his new excuse now. I couldn t have committed those rapes. I m blind now. Oh, that s how it works. And I feel really bad for his wife, Nelson Mandela. Jesus. But you knew Cosby was guilty when Oprah… Oprah. You got me on fucking Oprah. You knew Cosby was guilty when Whoopi Goldberg stopped defending him. Whoopi defended him for years, and then finally she had to… But first of all, what happened to Whoopi Goldberg? She looks like KRS-One now. What the fuck happened to her? And a lot of those women… Here s what tells you that he did it. A lot of those women were in their 70s, and 70-year-old women just don t lie about rape. I m not saying that young women are liars, but women that old don t ever talk about sex. They don t lie about sex. Seventy-year-old women lie about other shit. My grandson called.  Fuck you, liar. No, he didn t. It was a wrong number, and you kept him on the phone for an hour and a half. You lying old bag! But you try to find something good in everything. And the wonderful thing about that relationship ending was that it forced me to start working out cause I knew I was gonna have to meet women again. And I lost a lot of weight. Has anybody lost weight in the last few years? How much weight did you lose? I lost 100 pounds. I lost 100 pounds. What? You lost 100 pounds? Jeez. What, did you drown your girlfriend? What happened? – How d you lose 100 pounds? – I don t work out. I just… You don t work out? Come on. You mean that s natural? That s like me saying, I don t play center for the Lakers. No shit, stupid. When you start losing weight, here s the thing. A hundred pounds, congratulations. That s awesome. Oh, yeah. Give him a hand. The weird thing is, I lost about 30 pounds over the years, and when you start losing weight, the first five or six or ten pounds, people are like, Wow, you look great. But after you lose, like, 15 pounds, people don t know how to respond. Twenty pounds, they re like, Uh… have you been dieting, or did Charlie Sheen bleed in your mouth? Is it okay to joke about Charlie? Was anybody shocked when he announced he was HIV-positive? No. I like Charlie Sheen, but that s how you know you ve lived a pretty AIDSy life… when you re that famous and you re like, I m HIV-positive, and the whole country is like, Well, yeah, I hope so. For Pete s sake. I gotta be honest. Charlie s HIV diagnosis really scared me. It really shook me because… I don t know Charlie. We ve never met, never hung out. But it just kind of rocked me, and I started thinking about my sexual behavior. Even though we ve never met, Charlie and I have had sex with, I think, four of the same people. And there s only one I can mention publicly because she and I have discussed it publicly, and I don t ever want to out people. But for many years on the radio, we would interview Bree Olson. Bree would come in. If you don t know Bree, she s a beautiful blond porn star. She s fun. She s really sexy, and whenever she was on our show, she d always flirt with me. She d always be like, I like you. You re really cute. And I was always like, Yeah, yeah, yeah. ‘Cause I thought she was just doing it for the radio. She s probably thinking, This guy is blowing me off, but meanwhile, I just have no self-esteem. I m just like, Oh, come on. She thinks I m too cool for the room. Meanwhile, I feel like the Elephant Man when he has the tuxedo on in front of British high society. Everybody s been so kind! But one day, her publicist says to me, No, Bree actually likes you. She s not joking. And whatever cool, detached attitude I had built up evaporated. I was at Bree s hotel in less than an hour. Like, really… Hi! This close to the fucking, you know… peephole. You think my face is unpleasant now? Look at it through the hole. It s just a fucking… stupid half a moon. And we fucked. And I gotta be honest. It s one of the most earthshattering sexual experiences I ve ever had. It was beautiful. And I don t think that she enjoyed it as much… cause she would never do it again. I tried for years to make it happen again. I would text her, What are you doing? She d write back, Anything but fucking you. It just was… I think I blew it. Let me ask you, is it a turn-off to say I love you too quickly? All right, let me ask the women. Is it a turn-off if the first time you fuck a guy, as he s putting it in, he s mumbling, I love you, I love you, I love you, and crying onto your face? Is that a turn-off? And I was talking to a buddy of mine. He was like, Did you wear a condom? I m like, What a cute question. No, stupid. I didn t. When you re getting into a Lamborghini, you don t put on a body bag, do you? I wouldn t have worn a condom if I looked into her pussy and saw Magic Johnson waving up at me. So, then, you fast-forward. We have sex. She goes out to LA. She dates Charlie Sheen at one point. Then all of a sudden, Charlie comes out and announces he s HIV-positive. So, I just backtracked a little bit. I m like, Oh, no, did I get the whole ball rolling? Oh, no, I gave AIDS to the guy from Platoon. I m a piece of shit. But luckily, Bree Olson has been tested multiple times. She does not have HIV. She is totally negative, which means I m HIV-negative. Yeah, that s how I take an AIDS test. I m too freaked out to go to the doctor, so I just fuck a girl and then see her in a year, and, you know… Hey, how are you?  I m great.  Makes two of us. She had the strength to smile. That s six more months of no rubbers for the kid. And it s hard for me to meet people, to be really honest with you, because I ve talked about myself so much publicly. People know so many things about me, and none of it s a secret. Anybody familiar with me knows I like transgender girls. That s not new information. And if it is, well, now you have it. But it s so funny. The whole country is, like, trans-crazy, and we re really obsessed with it, and it s so funny how when the new thing happens or becomes in the lexicon, you can t joke about it on TV. I tried to do a Caitlyn Jenner joke, and the network said, Oh, no transition jokes. I m like, It s not even a mean joke. They re like, Yeah, but we just don t like it. They ve been marginalized. I m like, Look, just cause you ve been marginalized doesn t mean that you re removed from the humor spectrum like everybody else. It wasn t even a mean joke. First of all, the network canceled her reality show. How shitty is your reality show when you were on a Wheaties box, you re now a woman, you were a Kardashian, you killed somebody driving, and the network goes, It s boring. There s nothing happening to talk about ? And I think Hollywood means well. Their hearts are in the right place. But it s a little bit phony. Some of it is just a little bit fake. You know how they can t talk about Caitlyn without saying how beautiful she is? Have you seen how beautiful Caitlyn is? No. She looks like the gypsy from Thinner. But it s so funny. Not one of these freethinking, progressive celebrities who always use the right pronoun, not one of them has admitted to having sex with a transgender girl, to watching trans porn, to being attracted to trans women. Not one of them. That s being supportive. Don t tell me what words to use. You want to support a young lady? You lift her skirt, you suck her cock. That s how you say, I m with you. Don t tell me what to joke about until you ve laid in bed with a sore asshole, mumbling, Who am I? You ever brush your teeth and scream faggot in the mirror for a half hour? I have. And I know why they won t talk about it. I know why they won t admit it. ‘Cause they don t know if it makes you gay. If I have sex with a trans girl, does that make… It does not make you gay to have sex with a trans girl. But even if it did, I would tell you. I wouldn t care. But I understand why certain people think it does. We can t be so pro-trans or politically correct that we forget that differing opinions are gonna pop up. An open and honest conversation doesn t mean that you just shut down somebody when they say unpleasant shit. I get why some guys think it s gay. But it s just not. Until you ve done it… Like, when you kiss, it s a feminine energy. It s not a masculine energy, or it wouldn t turn me on. The breasts are normally fake, but so what? Every stripper I ever fell in love with had fake tits. That never turned me off. I never threw a girl out of the Champagne Room. Beat it with your augmented bosoms, madam! You know, then the skirt comes up. All right. It s a large clitoris. But what, am I gonna be rude to my guest? Get over here. Just look at the breasts, that s all. If you re new to the game, look at the breasts. Oh, I love her so much. I love her. If it s your first time at the rodeo, don t look at the feet. That ll put the whammy on you. Oh, no, those feet scored 13 points in the fourth quarter. I m fucking gay. And it s funny, too… I ve talked to a lot of trans girls about… One girl told me that, just to feel feminine as a kid, she used to wear her mother s underwear. Whew. That one affected me. I mean, your mother s underpants. I don t care what gender you are. Is there a worse item in the house… than your mother s underpants? I wouldn t touch my mother s underpants if she was hanging off a bridge by her underpants. I d probably just blow her a kiss and then step on her fucking fingers. Did you ever see your mom s panties on the floor? You gotta take a stick and knock them under the dresser. Can you imagine putting those on? I d rather wear my father s used condom on my nose like an aardvark. I saw one pair of my mom s panties when I was a kid. Thank God they weren t sexy at all. I feel bad for any kid that has the hot mom who all his friends want to fuck. We all had that one friend, everyone wanted to fuck his mother. And that s gotta be awful to find your mom s panties, and it s just a pair of boy shorts with a little arrow in the back. Like, Ugh. Oh, no. Mom s a three-holer. My mom s panties were awful. They started at the middle of the chest. They ended right above the knee. It looked like an androgynous bathing suit on Boardwalk Empire. That s what you want your mother… If you see your mother in her panties, you want to start thinking, ? Hello, my ragtime gal ? You don t want to think about your parents sexually at all. You know your parents fuck because we re all alive, so we re evidence of it. But my parents told me, like, when I asked about it, they said, We just made love because we wanted to create you and we wanted to create your sister Tracy. That s the only reason. So, they made it look like it was purely something they suffered through to make me. That s how all of you look at your parents. You don t even want to think about your mother kind of drunk on the bed going, Come on, hurry up! And your father going, You re not even wet yet! And her going, That s my asshole, stupid! And he s not hard. He s got paintbrush dick. You don t want to think about your father with paintbrush dick. Looks like a snail trying to break into an aquarium. You don t want to picture your mother going, Hold on. Hurry up. I ll give you all a second to insert your parents into that thought, like I have to do every time I tell that fucking stupid joke. But it s so funny how we just don t think of them that way. And I grew up in a pretty conservative… I don t know how I turned into such a monster growing up in a conservative house. Did anybody have kind of open-minded parents who would talk to you about sex? Anybody have parents like that? – Yes. – Who said yes ? You re nodding. How old were you when your parents talked to you about sex? – Thirteen. – Thirteen? – They broke it to me hard. – They broke it to you hard? How d they break it to you? They just straight up told me, This is how this happens. There you are. They straight up told you, This is how this happens, and there you are. And when you were 13, you didn t know… Oh, no, what else did they tell you? And we re the ones who put the gifts under the tree. Did you ever catch them having sex? Anybody ever catch your parents? Oh, I did. – There s always a couple. – I did. – Who s the woman who said, I did ? – I did. Hello, miss. – They talked about it to me… – Hold on, miss. You re panicking. I feel like… She s been waiting 30 years for someone to ask her, Did they ever talk to you about it? Hold on. How old were you when you saw them? I tried to block it out. Are you trying to block it… I m just asking in general. About how old? I don t know. I would assume, like, ten or so. About ten. What were you doing at the time? – Were you in the house? – Yeah, I had a bad dream. – I walked into their room. – You had a bad dream. Oh, Christ. Then you walked into a nightmare. That s nice. That s the last thing you need after a bad dream. Oh, I dreamt there was a ghost under my bed. Oh, terrific. Now, you walked in. – Were they in the bedroom? – Yeah. – Did they know that you saw them? – Yeah. Yes, they did. Did they talk to you about it after? It was obvious. No, my dad asked me if I wanted hot chocolate. Your dad asked if you wanted hot chocolate. Oh, no. They were having anal. Oh, no. Well, that s what you need after you catch your parents fucking. Aah!  Let s have a cocoa. Now, okay, so you had hot chocolate, and they told you about what happened and what it was? No. Like, my parents… I knew what it was when I walked in. You knew what it was when you walked in. Some people just don t talk about it. It s just no eye contact at the breakfast table until you re 18. Like, You want milk for your Cheerios?  No, I ll just fucking cut it with a fork and knife. I know you kind of don t want to think about it. I understand. What position… were they in? It depends, is this gonna be aired? Are they gonna know? Is it gonna be aired? No! No! No. No. Why would we air it on a Netflix special? Wow. Somebody s not very observant. What did you think that was? Did you think that was LeBron James arm taking a selfie? Yeah, so, we don t know who you are, we don t know who your parents are. What position? – Oh, you re really waiting for… – I m really waiting. Of course I am. Please. You think that thing just jumped up for no reason? It s not dripping down my leg for nothing, sweetie. – I don t know. Just, like, regular. Regular. Missionary. Okay, cool. Were Mom s legs wrapped around Dad? Like, was she trying to keep in that seed? Or were the legs wide open cause Dad was drilling that pussy… so hard that her legs just shot open? Thank you very much for sharing that with us. It s funny, people s reaction when they catch their parents. I ve never caught my parents, thank God, but you kind of know when they re doing something. I would always know my parents were doing something cause it d be in the middle of the afternoon and the bedroom door would be closed, and then you d just hear, like… And then the telltale… of the Polaroid. And you knew they were almost finished as it started getting faster. And then you d hear, My eye burns! Then your mom and three of your dad s coworkers would walk out of the bedroom. But some people… Like, we talked, some parents… some parents are just open-minded, and they re more liberal about it. My buddy Scott knew where his mother s dildo collection was. And we did not handle that information responsibly. As ten-year-old kids, as soon as his parents left the house, we would grab the dildos, start sword-fighting with them. We d try to chase him and shove them in his mouth. I got one shoved in my mouth. I had to pretend I didn t like it. Cut it out, guys! We used to throw them at his cat… which I wouldn t do now, but in 1979, that was Xbox. That was all we had. And I wish I had an iPhone back then. What a great video that would ve been, just a cat under a sofa with its ears back, hissing at a pile of dildos. And his mother must ve wondered why all her dildos had scratch marks and cat hair on them. She d probably grab the cat and smack his face. What were you doing with my dildos? I don t know if my mother has dildos to this day. I m in my 40s. I have no idea. When my parents die, I m not going through their shit. I m just going to take the dresser and kick it into the front yard. Let the homeless people take whatever they want. Maybe I ll look out the window and see a homeless guy running away with what is hopefully a small white dildo. That s all you can hope for. You definitely don t want to see one of those over-the-shoulder jobs. Bouncing in the front and the back. With two heads on it. Oh, Mom. Or Oh, Mom and Dad. Ohh. Oh, no. Mom and Dad were bookending. Yeah, they were pretty normal people. And I turned into such a dirtbag and a dirty guy, and I just… I don t know. I was always kind of antisocial. You ever look back at your life and realize, Wow, I was a fucking antisocial human being. When I was 13, I used to drink with my friends. I stopped when I was very young, but for the few years I did it, I was a weirdo. Like, a real weirdo. We used to get drunk at my friend s house, and I wouldn t do fun drunk stuff. I used to get drunk and then just go into his family s bathroom and urinate all over the sink handles and, like, on the toothbrushes and in the soap dish. And here s the psychotic part. I wouldn t even tell my other friends I had done it. When you re that young, no matter what you do to make your friends laugh is okay. But I didn t tell my friends. I just kind of sat there, just smirking like a fucking serial killer, just thinking of his family washing their face with my piss soap. Like, what a fucking creep. And I ve talked about this before on the air. The cat… I would always take the cat, and I would unroll his father s newspaper and scoop all the cat shit out of the litterbox and put it in the newspaper and then carefully roll it back up and put it on the coffee table. And to this day, I still think I m kind of a genius for having done that. But I never got to see the results of it. Like, if I had a time machine and I could only use it once, I wouldn t save Jesus. I wouldn t stop World War II. I d go back to North Brunswick, New Jersey, in 1979 just to watch that man open his newspaper and see his face as animal shit fell on his lap. You know how many times that cat probably got beaten with a shoe? And the cat can t articulate. Really? You think I took my own shit and put it in a newspaper and rolled it up carefully like I m fucking hosting a cat prank show, you dummy? You ever have memories come flooding back? That happens sometimes, too. I blocked a lot of shit out when I was young. And this one is not even traumatic. It was just weird. I was with my friend, and we were stealing Star Wars figures. They were the original Star Wars figures. Remember them? They were, like, four inches tall, and some of them are worth thousands of dollars today because they re ultra-rare. So, it was one of my best friends. He was a really good dude. He had a huge dick. And we re in a department… I m saying that for a reason. I m not just throwing… That would be great if I didn t go back to it for any reason. Did he elaborate on his friend s dick?  No, he just threw it out there and smiled. He was just the guy that we all knew had a huge dick. So, we had on shorts and tank tops, so we couldn t put stuff down our shorts. So, we were taking the action figures out of the package and kind of walking up to the front of the store and hiding them, and at the end of the day, we were gonna scoop a bunch and just run out the door. So, security sees us at one point, takes us downstairs. And he says, What the fuck are you guys doing?! We re like, We didn t do anything. And then he looks at the bulge in my friend s pants, and he goes, What have you got in there? Again, I knew my friend had a big dick, so it didn t surprise me that the security guard thought he had a couple of Chewbaccas and a Vader. I got it. He looked at my shorts and knew there were no stolen figures. Maybe a Yoda. So, my friend s like, I don t have anything. And the security guard goes, Let me see. So, my friend pulls his shorts aside, and this gift of a cock rolls out. Have you ever seen a cock roll out? It was like watching time-lapse photography of a flower. It was like watching a cinnamon bun in reverse, on how it s made. It actually made, like, a little noise. I m trying to remember the noise it made when it hit the chair, cause it was a plastic chair. Have you heard a ham dropped on linoleum? And it s a surreal moment in my childhood. We were all just kind of looking at my friend s big stupid dick. And then the security guard looks at me, and he goes, Wait outside. Sends me outside. So, I m outside the security office 15 minutes. He comes out, puts his head out the door, doesn t even open it all the way. He goes, All right, I ve decided not to call your mother. Now get the fuck out of here and don t come back. I gotta talk to your friend for a while. And he closes the door. I walk out that side door. I wipe it from my memory. Something sparks it this year, and the whole day comes flooding back, and I m like, Oh, no. Oh, you idiot. You never got the rest of those Star Wars figures. Thousands of dollars worth of merchandise. And I never would ve got caught cause the security guard was busy choking on my friend s giant dick. So, that s the type of stuff I talk about, and I wonder why I can t find a gal. I wouldn t mind a girlfriend at this point. I really have been single for five years, and at this point, I don t even know where to go to meet women. I sincerely don t. I don t know what women want. We all think we know. You know, dressing a certain way. Obviously, I m not a great dresser. Do you like my shoes, by the way? Yeah! Yeah. I mean, someone told me these Yeezys are fake. I don t think they re fake, cause if they are, somebody owes me 20 bucks. I don t even what women want. What do women… I ll ask you as women, what is it you look for in a guy? – Humor. – Humor. Okay. I ll address this myth. I think women think they re supposed to say humor.  I love a funny guy. No, you don t. No, you don t. ‘Cause if you asked me, What kind of women do you like? I ll be like, Intelligent. It s nice, but it s not number one on the list. Believe me, if you have fat enough nipples, I don t care if you eat paint chips for breakfast… and fucking bang your head into a screen door like Rain Man when the toast is burning. But sense of humor… Like, I m a funny guy. Being a funny guy has never, ever helped me get laid. Here s the only time that being funny has helped me get laid: When a woman s only other option is a guy who looks like me who isn t funny. Then it will kind of get you the nod. Like, All right. It s never enthusiastic. Like, Oh, my God. You re really… It s always a kind of a default. It s never overcome good looks. No one s ever looked at me and went, Ah, I don t know. That guy s six-foot-three. He s got a great body. He s a triathlete. But the little fella… his anecdotes will have me in stitches the entire evening. Come on, big boy. Slam your face into my pussy and do some knock-knock jokes. And I m a good guy to date cause I m a dirty guy. I figure women would like a guy like me. Like, I love giving oral sex to women more than I like anything. And I like… I mean, immediately. I go right down there. And I like things on women that you don t even like on yourselves. Every special, I talk about liking a bigger pussy. I like an untraditional vagina. A cock. No, I m kidding. I like the type of vagina that a woman is self-conscious about. You remember in high school, if you had to keep your crotch in the locker cause all the other girls were cruel and they d walk by… Hey, it s Big Pussy McGillicuddy or whatever they d say. And I ve learned a lot about what s sexy and what s not sexy. Don t talk when you re going down on a woman. There s nothing sexy you re gonna say when you re giving her head. If a girl s going down on you and she s like, I love sucking your cock, that s kind of sexy to hear. But there s nothing you re gonna say when you re going down on a woman that s gonna make her happier than what you re doing. I had a girl tell me that one time her boyfriend was eating her pussy, and he stopped, and he looked up and he went, Mmm. You taste scrumptious. It s actually sexier when you re eating pussy if you look up and go, ISIS beheads people. I hate using my fingers. That s the only thing I don t like, when a girl s like, Put your fingers in me. ‘Cause I have little hands, and every time I put my fingers in, I never quite get to where… I just barely can touch the bottom of the G-spot. And they re always like, A little deeper.  But the webbing. I gotta take my left arm and push the right one. And one of my closest friends was Patrice O Neal. You know Patrice. And it s funny. Patrice would annoy me, cause he would always brag about how great he was at finger-popping. But Patrice would always brag about finger-popping, and I watched him one time in Brazil make a girl squirt using his fingers. ‘Cause Patrice had fingers like ballerina legs. I was in one bed with my girl. He was in one with his. And he was like, whap, whap, whap, and she would squirt. And then my girl is squirting, but out of her eyes, watching the other… And I m doing the best I can, but I just couldn t… My fingers were like two polio legs in a swimming pool. The girl finally got annoyed and just pushed my hand out. All right, Peter Dinklage fingers. Fucking… I really don t know where to meet the women. After that bit, I don t expect to meet a lot of you. I m on the social media apps. I use Tinder. Anybody else use Tinder? Whoo! The woman who said whoo, how long did it take you to meet somebody? – Just yell out the number. – I m married. You re married. Oh, good. So, your parents fucked missionary, you re married. Great. I m ruining a lot of lives tonight. Now, was this before your husband, or is this how you met him? After. Whoa! After. Hmm. I fucking love that. Who are you talking to?  It s a buddy, see? Ahh. I am on Tinder. And I m sure most of you know what it is. You upload photos, you swipe like or nope, and if you have a match, you can talk to that person. And before you do it, you have to set the parameters you want to search, the distance. I live here in New York, in Midtown, so I set it to search a three-mile radius. And you gotta set the age range. I m in my 40s, so I set it for 18. That s as far left as it would go. Heh heh heh. I actually called Tinder to complain. There s something wrong with your app, goddamn it. It keeps getting stuck on 18. Oh, legal stuff. No, I m just getting… Norton, yeah. It s very addicting. We always say, Oh, there s nobody single, but you realize when you get on an app like that, there are so many beautiful single women. I was swiping for hours. Like, like, like. I didn t swipe nope on any… I didn t give a shit what you looked like. A little, teeny Zika virus. Fuck it. Like. Shotgun wound to the face. Fuck it. I ll play with her nipples till the ambulance gets there. Like. I heard somebody groan at that. It s okay to laugh. It s not a real scenario. You think that really happened? A woman got shot in the face with a shotgun and had the wherewithal to snap a selfie? And then I happened to go, Hey, what are you up to?  Bleeding to death in the hallway.  Well, how about I tweak those nips till help arrives? But I was on for three days, swiping for hours, getting no responses, and that s a gut-punch to your self-esteem. I m like, I m a worthless piece of shit. But then I m like, No, maybe I just didn t put broad enough options. I only set it for three square miles. Midtown New York… what is that, 1.8 million people? So, I kind of opened up my search options. Maximum age, maximum distance. I pretty much set it for, if you have a pussy in North America, or hope to someday… I finally got a Tinder match, and I m actually going to read the interaction to you. I was talking to this girl. It was going really, really well. Talking to her for five days, back and forth, every day. Hey, good morning. How are you? On the fifth day, I finally said to her, I m really enjoying speaking to you. I d love to talk on the phone. Can I have your number? Nothing. No response. Absolutely ghosted me. So, four days later, I write back, I guess that s a no. LOL. You know. Laughing out loud, just to keep it good-natured and fun. She responds, To be perfectly honest, I googled you. I don t know what your lives are like, but when you re Jim Norton, that s the last thing you want to read. I googled you.  Cosby Hitler has better Google results than Jim Norton.  I googled you and was watching a video of you talking about sending photos of your penis to a girl. I didn t know if it was a good idea to give you my number. So sorry. Just trying to be honest. I felt awful. I had no idea what to write. I just wrote back, Cunt. LOL. Thank you guys very much. You were amazing. I appreciate you being here. Thank you guys very much for coming out. ? The world today Is such a wicked place ? ? Fighting going on Between the human race… ? What should I do? Left hand now, like this? Yeah, really give it to me. Okay. Say it with conviction, you ugly slug. And then I start… Then I slap you again. I m all right. – Okay, so, the left one. Yeah. And then slap. Then, Say it with conviction, you ugly slug, – and then again. Yeah. Ay-ay-ay. Okay. All right, do it… ? …they say is very high ?

JOE ROGAN@TRIGGERED@2016@[rock music playing] [audience cheering] [announcer] Ladies and gentlemen, welcome Joe Rogan. [audience cheering and applauding] What the fuck is going on, San Francisco? Thanks for coming. I appreciate it! God damn! Put your phone down, fuckface! I see you, bitch! Put your phone down! Motherfuckers. They can t use their eyes. Everybody s gotta live through their goddamn phone. Whoo! I m high as fuck. Whoo. It s strange. I wasn t sure if I was gonna do this sober. I m like, Ugh… It s not the move. Not in San Francisco. This is… I love pot, but the people that are making edibles need to slow the fuck down. Oh, my God! What are you trying to do to people? I had a pot gummy bear the other day. I think we can all agree a gummy bear shouldn t be able to steal your soul. Right? How the fuck are these people making these things, man? They re not consistent. That s also part of the problem. You don t know what you re getting, cause they re not making them the same place where they make Tylenol. Nah, it s some greasy dude with a Grateful Dead T-shirt on and a gray ponytail. He s got a bowl of ingredients, and he can t remember whether or not he put weed in yet. This dude s time traveling, just back and forth. He just keeps chucking weed in there until it looks like lawn trimmings. You eat it, and it s not what you re looking for. It s not regulated. You gotta ask questions. I asked a dude at the pot store. I go, Hey, man, how strong are the gummy bears? He goes… That s not a unit of measurement. He s like, El diablo. El diablo.  Fuck, man. How much should I take?  Just the leg.  Just the leg? Why are you selling whole bears? What the fuck are you trying to prove, man? They just watch you leave with that bear. They go, Oh, shit. They know. They know you re not gonna die. You re gonna think you re gonna die, but everybody lives. Learn some shit. We learn some shit from the scary trips. See, the thing about edibles, one of the problems with it being illegal, is that a lot of us don t have a lot of information that we could use. Like, there s a difference between smoking it and eating it. When you smoke it, you get THC. But when you eat it, it s processed by your liver, and it produces something called 11-hydroxy metabolite that s five times more psychoactive than THC. And it lets you talk to dolphins. [audience laughs] This is a real moment that changed my life. I was in Hawaii, and we were on a boat, and we were fishing. We were pulling these lines behind the boat, and I was so high, I was trying to figure out which way the Earth was spinning. Like, the boat s going this way, and the sun s up there. I m like, Um… For like 20 minutes, I m paralyzed. So, while this is all happening, these dolphins just show up. And if you ve ever been around wild dolphins, they re very trippy. It s very different than you expect, because they look at you. They, like, check you out. They, like, pop out of the water and they, like, look at you… like a person, not like a fucking deer or woodchuck. They look at you like another person. Granted, I was so high I thought I was gonna die, but… I m making eye contact with these dolphins, and I started thinking, How smart are these fucking things? Because we re fishing. Dolphins eat fish. But you never catch dolphins. Ever. No one has ever gone fishing and accidentally caught a dolphin. And all I could think of while these dolphins were, like, hopping through the water, and looking at us and shit… I was thinking, If people lived in the water, you d fucking catch em all day. They wouldn t even have to live in the water. If cheeseburgers just floated down Geary Street… at least once a week, a guy would be like, I m taking a chance. And you see em getting yanked up to the clouds. Fuck! We lost Billy! The bottom of his sneakers in a puff of cloud. You don t catch dolphins on fishhooks, man. That s weird. They re around fishing all the time and like, Bitch. They re fucking smart. How smart? Well, I watched a dolphin documentary, and it said they have a cerebral cortex that s 40% larger than a human being s. I don t know what that means, but if you say it right and don t fuck up the words, it makes you sound smarter than you really are. I think what it means is they have big fucking brains. But we don t think of them as being smart cause they don t do what we do. Right? They don t send e-mails. They don t have houses. But if you lived in their world, you don t need anything. You don t need your fingers. No one s typing. They have a language that s so complex, we can t understand it. All the food s free. They stay where the water s warm. I started thinking, How fucking smart are they? What if they re exactly the same as us? What if it s just some different branch of evolution? We went one way. They went the other. What if consciousness is the same? I was thinking, What if me to me is the same as me to a dolphin? The way you think of yourself when you say the word me. I was like, What if that s exactly how a dolphin feels? They re just living life through different biology, different genetics, different life experiences. But if I lived a dolphin s life, I would be him. And if he lived my life, he would be me. And then I started thinking, What if that s the case with people? What if everyone is exactly the same? We re just living life through different bodies. What if that s the secret of happiness? Treat everyone as if it s you living another life. [audience cheering and applauding] I mean… And then I thought, God damn, how good is this weed I m getting in California? Whoo! I m on a fucking floating craft out in the middle of the ocean, talking to water people. The problem with treating everybody as if it s you living another life is you wanna fucking smack yourself. Half the people you meet, you just wanna fucking smack em. We live in the weirdest time ever. I mean, it s the most awesome time ever. But it s the weirdest time ever, too. We re, like, that close to President Trump. – [man 2] No. Boo! – No. Boo! You boo, but you won t vote, you fucks! All those Bernie Sanders people, Yo, Bernie s the shit.  Did you vote for him?  Voting ain t real, bro. It doesn t even work, dude. We are that close to President Trump. Bill Cosby s a rapist, and Bruce Jenner s a chick. We re in an episode of Lost. Down is up and up is down! This is the type of world you get when you give kids participation trophies for getting their ass kicked in soccer games. This is the world we get! We get a goddamn Nerfed-up world filled with nonsense. Nobody wants to be president. Nobody. I hope Hillary wins. That way we can realize chicks can t do that fucking job either. It s a stupid job. It s a stupid job invented back when people used to write with feathers. It s dumb! It s just some old-school shit that we need to get rid of. It doesn t make any sense. Being president is great if there s like 50 people. If there s 50 people, you can figure out which one s the best. Three hundred million people? I have three kids. I don t know where the fuck they are right now. How is this one dude in charge of 300 million people? It s nonsense. It s so old and stupid. They make this guy sleep in this fucking White House. If Trump wins, you know his house is cooler than the White House. He s like, I m not sleeping in that shitty-ass, stupid house. Trump s probably got, like, a tube at home that he opens up, and a Chinese girl just pops out of it, and sucks his dick and goes right back in. That s what I would do if I had that kind of money. We re down to assholes! Where s Elon Musk when you need him? Where s the fucking geniuses? Where s Mark Cuban? No. We got an old lady trying to get back at her husband for a blowjob he got in the 90s. We got an old man who hates money. And we got a reality TV star with a plastic set of hair. You can t have a president with environmental concerns, when every time this motherfucker does his hair, we lose a foot of ozone layer and a polar bear bursts into flames. He s got, like, a closet full of Aqua Net at home. You can t pretend you don t give a fuck when you have that thing going on, dude. Stop that. The White House got broken into while Obama was in office. The first time in over 100 years that someone broke into the White House. Also, the first time a girl was guarding the front door by herself. What are you trying to say, that women can t do everything men can do? Exactly. That s exactly what I m saying. That seems sexist, right? People say, You re sexist. No, it s not sexist. Here s why it s not sexist. ‘Cause men can t even do everything men can do. See? There s no physical equality, folks. That s why we have the Olympics. ‘Cause there s people that can do some shit that you and I can t do. One of those things is guarding the fucking White House. I know I can t guard the White House. You know how I know? Because I ve met Shaquille O Neal and his dick is where my face is. That s not equality. That s not white privilege. Listen, if the White House is experiencing a Shaq Attack, I m the wrong dude to save the world. I did Fear Factor with Shaq. If we re holding hands, it d be like a six-year-old at the park with his dad. We re barely the same thing. So, do I think women should guard the White House? No. I don t think I should, either. It s not sexist to say that women can t do big physical labor things as good as giant men can. But people will tell you it is. Well, I m not sexist. As a matter of fact, my favorite people are all female. I have a wife and I have three daughters. They re my favorite people in the world. But I could beat the fuck out of all of them. Okay? Listen… If they re guarding the door, I m getting in. I don t mean to sound cocky. But I m just real confident. I could fuck them up if I had the flu. Okay? Yeah, we re different. We re different. I could beat up my cat, too. I m not proud of it. I just tell you what s up. If you wanna bet money, bet money on me. I ll fuck that cat up. Most likely. Cats are fucking weird like that, man. I was petting my cat once and he bit me. I was like, Whoa! Are we gonna do this? What the fuck are you doing here? I got a little nervous. Got a little nervous. Women can do everything men can do. This guy s a piece of shit. We re leaving. Too much information is going in that I don t agree with!  What the guy said was total bullshit. Total bullshit. How d that girl get that job? I ll tell you how that girl got that job. Because someone let her have that job. Which means, either there were a bunch of guys that were trying to fuck her… or her boss was a chick and she hated her. Either one s possible. Look, if there was a bunch of guys that were trying to fuck her, that makes total sense. If there s one hot girl and she s working with five guys in an office, no work s getting done in that office. That office is now just an audition to see which guy gets to fuck her. Each one of those guys will just slowly start to morph to figure out what this girl likes. Men become like an octopus that tries to fit its way through a keyhole. There s gotta be a fucking way. There s gotta be a fucking way! You got this girl who s like, I could guard the front door.  Oh, you could definitely guard the door. No doubt. No doubt. And over time, if this woman doesn t sleep with one of these men and claim him, over time, these guys will just start morphing. And they ll just start saying ridiculous, preposterous shit. Debbie wants to guard the front door. Do you have a problem with that?  No, I don t. As a matter of fact, I think women are amazing. Plus, I m vegan. And they will just… They will wear patchouli. They will do what the fuck they have to do. Next thing you know, poor fucking Debbie at the front door… Why am I alone? [chuckles] The whole story is so bananas. And it s one of my favorite stories. So I m gonna give you the whole story of the break-in at the White House with no edits and no comic exaggerations. This is the real story. ‘Cause a lot of people think there s some grand conspiracy. There s some cabal of evil geniuses that s pulling the strings on everyone in America. It s most likely that people are just dumb as fuck, in all sorts of walks of life. This is the story. This is the real story about the person who broke into the White House. First of all, people are always worried, The government s checking out my e-mails, bro. The government s watching us all the time. They pulled this guy over two months before he broke into the White House. He had four handguns, two rifles and a machete with him. They didn t even watch him. He had a map. On the map was Washington, and it had an X where the White House is. They re like, You re good to go. They let him go! Two months later, this motherfucker broke into the White House. And why did he break into the White House? Why do you break into the White House ever? Because you want to die. You don t… That s like a suicide run. That s the only reason why someone runs toward the White House. If you had to ask someone, What kind of security do you think they have at the White House?  Oh, dude… they got snipers on every corner. They got lasers in the grass. If you get too far, they open up a door, you drop right into jail. Nope. Turns out they don t even have a dog. You just fucking run. The guy who made it into the White House, he had 800 rounds of ammunition in his car. Left that there. Took a knife. That s a guy who wants to die! He s just sitting in his fucking car going, Fuck the government! Fuck my ex-wife! And fuck everybody! I m gonna do this! Fuck you! Just sprinting, Oh, my God, I m doing it! Oh, my God, I m doing it! Thinking, with every step, This is gonna be the last step of my life. No, this is gonna be the last step of my life. No, this… And he gets to the front door. It s unlocked! He opens it. There s a girl there by herself. Smacks her to the ground and just starts running through the hall. Ah! He s probably going, Why am I alive? He s probably thinking… He was inside for minutes. For minutes, running around. He got tackled by an off-duty officer. He was probably thinking, I wanted to die. I don t want to go to fucking jail. Will somebody please shoot me? Then he was probably pissed. Where are my tax dollars going? What kind of security are you fucking people running in this place? [chuckles] Imagine when Obama found out a girl was guarding him. He was probably like, Everybody, everybody, not that much diversity. I mean, what, are you playing fucking fairy tale games here? Obama s got a hard job, cause he s the first president that s ever been around while Google was here. You know, he could Google his own name if he gets crazy in the middle of the night. Right? So, let me see what the people have to say. He d just go, Obama is a… [groans] I m none of those fucking things. Freakin out. Shit. [sighs] Probably thinking, Why the fuck did I do this? I think the guy who broke into the White House and Obama probably have a lot in common. In that… they went for it, but they probably never really thought they were getting in there. You can t quit once you re the president. The moment Obama actually got into office, like, Good morning, Mr. President, he was probably like, Oh, no! What the fuck did I do this for? I didn t think I was actually gonna get in. [sighs] I can t sleep. I m freaking out. Everybody wants to kill me. [exhales heavily] Who the fuck is guarding me? Looks out in the hallway. There s a girl taking selfies. That d be the greatest selfie of all time. A girl with her ass out, duck lips, in the background, a dude s breaking into the White House. [laughs] You know I m not making this up. You ve all seen this. This is recognizable. Pigeon-toed is a good move cause you can t get away that good. You just, like… Like there s something wrong with your back. That s a recognizable pose. When did that start? ‘Cause if you look at the original pictures back when people first invented pictures, everybody just stood there looking hungry. Like, if you saw a photo from the 1800s, and in the background a girl was going… She s a fucking time traveler! Nobody knew that move back then. Somebody had to see their face. Oh, people like that. They like what I m doing. Combo. A two-hole combo attractor. It s all over online! It gets you a lot of likes. I saw a gal on Instagram, she has eight million followers. All she does is take pictures of her ass. That s it. She s got a winning formula. She sticks with it. No witty memes. There s no inspirational quotes. Mnh-mnh. Mnh-mnh. Just a lot of this. Different ways. And she s just a regular girl, man. I m watching this, I m like, This is a different kind of person. She has eight million people that have no idea what her voice sounds like. She doesn t have a job that they like. She doesn t have an occupation that they follow. They re just staring at her ass. This is a new kind of human. There s never been a person, psychologically, that s had to navigate those kind of waters. If you really stop and think about it, science should really step in and start looking at this. Don t go to South America to study some new frog that nobody gives a fuck about. There s a girl in Florida with eight million people staring at her ass. How does this girl keep a relationship? What is her day like? How many dick pics does she get sent? How many dick pics does that girl receive on a daily basis? Is it like the national debt counter was just fucking spinning out of control constantly? I bet if she turns on the notifications, her phone just starts screaming and runs away from her. I bet if she deletes all the dick pics from her phone, it would be physically lighter. This is a new kind of person. We really have to understand, there s never been a person like this before. And she s just a person. Like, that kind of influence, that kind of attractant, that s a very strong drug to have in the hands of just a girl. And as a guy who has daughters, I just think of that, like, that s kind of fucking… That s weird. Because this girl has eight million people staring at her ass. Eight million creeps and weirdos and perverts objectifying her. I mean, I follow her, but I m not like those other assholes. I m different. I care. I care about who she is. I m a nice person. I m a hero or something. [laughs] I m different. Those other guys are assholes. Men are noble. Men are noble and true. Mmm. If we get to come. If men don t get to come, we get real Sméagol-like real quick. Just a few months of no dates, [imitating Gollum] Mesus is just so disappointed with all the mens mesus meets. Mesus is so embarrassed at how other mens talks to you. Mmm. Oh. Everyone wants to set themselves up as being the noble one. Everybody wants to be Matthew McConaughey, to save the world on a rocket ship. There s people that are signing up to go to Mars. Do you know about this? There s a mission to Mars, a manned mission to Mars, where 200,000 people have signed up to be amongst the four people to die on Mars. They re gonna take a one-way trip to Mars. That s some sad shit for a bunch of reasons. First of all, it s some sad shit, cause that s 200,000 people that don t have any real friends. Right? If it s someone you love, your real friend… If one of my friends is gonna move to Florida, I ll be like, Bitch, where the fuck are you going? You re gonna go to Florida? We can t hang out if you go to Florida. Why the fuck are you moving to Florida, man? But you might be able to deal with it. We can just visit each other every now and then. But if your friend was gonna move to Mars, you d be like, Oh, really? Get in the fucking car! Just get in the car, dude. Take him out to Death Valley, Look around! Sucks, right? Mars sucks worse. Get back in the car, stupid. Jesus Christ! There s places in America you can t live, man. You don t wanna live in Detroit, why the fuck are you talking about moving to Mars? People really consider moving to Mars. It s one of the dumbest ideas ever. But if you say that, people will eco-bro you. Have you ever been eco-broed? These people will find an opportunity to virtue signal over you, as Michael Shermer likes to point out. Like, puff their chest out and say that they re probably better than you. Hey, dude. Seriously? You think there s something wrong with going to Mars? Well, I don t know if you ve paid attention, man. We maybe should colonize Mars cause California s almost out of water. Then he ll nod, like, Yeah, bitch. We re right next to the ocean. What the fuck are you talking about? Look at all that water. You fly over it, it takes a day. The world s blue. It s more water than it is not water. We have a salt problem. We don t have a water problem. Suck the salt out of the water, we got a goddamn party. Instead of pissing and moaning… Too complicated, bro. We gotta go to Neptune. Oh, my God! You re fucking crazy. We re a crazy race filled with crazy people. We re like a dude with a dirty house. Like, Man, I gotta build a new house. No, you gotta stop shitting in your kitchen. Stop piling up newspapers you re never gonna read in front of your bathroom, you fuck! We re crazy! One-way trip to Mars. A one-way trip in coach with three other people so fucking stupid, they re willing to die on Mars with you. Great. What great conversation you re gonna have. It s nonsense, folks. My friend was like, They re not gonna die on Mars, man. If people are smart enough to figure out how to get to Mars, they re smart enough to figure out how to get back. Here s why that doesn t make any sense. People smart enough to get to Mars aren t going. See, that s the dirty secret about rocket travel, ladies and gentlemen. Nobody smart enough to make a rocket ever gets in one of those fucking things. No. No, they look at each other right before the launch and they go… They talk German and they get behind giant fucking concrete bunkers. They take some square-jawed, corn-fed dude from the middle of the country, tuck a Bible under that dude s arm and strap him into that giant metal dick, and shoot it off into the heavens. That s what we do. And that is what that is. That is a metal dick. It s a robot dick, and we re trying to fuck the sky. We are literally trying to come people out of the tip of a metal dick onto other planets. Our ultimate goal is that we get those planets pregnant, and they re too filled up with people, and then they gotta make a new metal dick. Bro, we gotta go to Jupiter. Then they make another one. They shoot that fucking thing, and they fill Jupiter up. We just keep filling the cosmos up with people. And we never evolve. And we never change. We stay perfect, like we are right now. Who s in? You re gonna all come with me. We re gonna leave here right now and go to the Church of Scientology right down the street, and it s all gonna make sense when you find out that you are an eternal being that created reality so that you can enjoy it. I watched that HBO documentary a couple too many times. I went Clear, I think. I think I m Clear. I m back! I m back now. If you haven t seen… [chuckles] I had to watch Going Clear, a Scientology documentary, cause I have a neighbor who s a Scientologist, and I don t even think he s gay. I don t know what the fuck s going on. [exhales heavily] But he sleeps really close to me, you know. Like, my bed s here, this fucking dude s bed s, like, over there. His house is… I mean, if you take away the walls, he s fucking right there. It s like, What does this crazy fuck believe? And Scientology is a wonderful religion. Not just because it was written by a science fiction author who wrote more fake shit than anyone that s ever walked the face of the Earth. And not by a small amount. This dude never made a second draft in his fucking life. Everything was one draft of nonsense. And he wrote more of it than anybody. Not in his neighborhood, not in his state, not in a year, not in a decade. More than anyone that s ever lived, ever. And Scientology is still like, I don t see any red flags. I think we re good. I think this is legit as fuck. If Scientology is a good religion, it s because other religions get to make fun of em. It s like it s the one religion that even the Mormons are like, Bitch, you believe what? Hold on. I mean, at least we don t have video of Joseph Smith. There s some fucking shitty black and white footage of L. Ron Hubbard with a captain s outfit on. You wanna explain that? [chuckles] Why does he have all those awards on? Why is Tom Cruise wearing a gold medal the size of a dinner plate? What the fuck is going on with you people? I watched it with my mom, and it was like… First of all, Scientology, they don t pay taxes. That s disturbing. They re tax-free, which means they re a recognized religion by the government of the United States. Which means the government of the United States had to go over what they believe and went, Everything seems in order. None of this shit seems like a cult. Well, what the fuck is a cult, and what s a religion? So I had to look it up. Turns out… I don t know who wrote this, but it s a perfect definition. A cult is bullshit. It s created by one person. That person knows it s bullshit. In a religion, that dude s dead. So it s a religion cause L. Ron Hubbard s dead. So I guess they got it on a loophole. I watched it with my mom, and my mom was like, I can t believe anybody would fall for that.  You made me go to Catholic school. The fuck are you talking about? There was a child molester dressed like a sorcerer sitting on a golden throne, and you made me call him Father. Slow your roll, lady. Imagine if I talked to my mom like that. Oh, my God. Jokes, folks. Just jokes. I don t have a problem with people being religious because I just think life itself is too open-ended. It s too confusing. And I think we re evolving. And part of our struggle in evolving is unanswered questions. We wanna seek these answers. But in the meanwhile, they just give you so much anxiety, and it fucks with you so much. There s nothing wrong with joining a cult. I think you gotta just join a nice, friendly one. Like, the Mormons are a good cult. Here s why. They don t get mad at anybody. Like, they never kill anybody. Like, here s a perfect example. Matt Stone and Trey Parker, the guys who created South Park, they made a hilarious musical called The Book of Mormon. It s fantastic. If you haven t seen it, it s so fucking hilarious. But it s also brutal! Brutal about the Mormons. You know what the Mormons did? They went to see it, and they took out a full-page ad in the playbill. It said, If you enjoyed this musical and you wanna find out more about being a Mormon, please visit our website. They just took it right on the chin like champs. They didn t get mad. They didn t get defensive. They didn t kill anybody. That s a good cult. They just said, What do you wanna do?  We got nine wives. Shut the fuck up!  Everybody just… Everybody, just chill. Just chill. That s a good religion. That s a good cult. Some cults aren t that good. They get fucking testy. You know the one. We don t have to say who. You know what I m talking about. There s that one that will kill you if you draw their guy. Come on, man. I can t even draw your dude? What if I draw a dude drawing your dude?  No loopholes!  Fuckin relax, bro. And this isn t just theoretical. People have died cause they made cartoons. Before the most recent Paris attacks, there was a magazine called Charlie Hebdo, and they were attacked, where 11 cartoonists were killed. Eleven more were wounded, and they killed a cop, too. Fucking crazy! Over cartoons! And when you… When there s radical, crazy people in the world, what s interesting is the reaction to radical, crazy people and how everything just sort of kind of balances itself out when things get weird. Because when these people got killed over a cartoon, the whole world was in shock. The whole world was outraged. But one of the scariest things about it was nobody wanted to print those pictures. You couldn t see em in the LA Times. You couldn t find them in Time magazine. You had to go online and find them. It was a dark moment for free speech, because everybody s like, Oh. I don t wanna get killed. I don t wanna show the pictures. It was weird, until… the balance. Because after they got killed and nobody wanted to print the pictures, word got back to Texas… where they promptly held a Draw Muhammad contest in Garland, Texas. I m not making a word of this up. You can Google it, and I ll wait. They had a Draw Muhammad contest in Garland, Texas. Two dudes showed up, started shooting at the building. They were killed almost instantly. Why? Because they were at a Draw Muhammad contest in Texas. How obvious does a trap have to be before you start getting suspicious? What, are you livin in a Wile E. Coyote cartoon, motherfucker? You ever go to Texas? That s not Santa Monica, bitch. That s a totally different kind of white people. Those are some Wild West people that have computers and modern guns. They re not supposed to be there. People didn t evolve in Texas. It s not like they were monkeys, then they became people and they stayed in that spot. No. No, they landed on boats on the East Coast. The stubborn ones stayed. The smart ones made it to California. But along the way, we lost a bunch of people. [audience laughs] And some of them just stuck around. Y all go ahead. We re gonna hang back here. I m gonna draw the biggest dick the world s ever seen in the sand. My wife s got the biggest titties. I mma try to fuck a snake. I think it can be done. They just stayed. They just gathered cattle, stockpiled ammo. And they all talk alike. And that s why you gotta be nervous. You gotta be nervous in places with accents, okay? It s one of the reasons why I can prove that California is the best spot to live. ‘Cause all the spots that suck, they all have to sound like each other. ‘Cause I grew up in a place like that. I grew up in Boston. It s not that the people in Boston suck, but the weather sucks. It s fucking horrible. And in the winter everybody gets in their car in the morning, and just goes, Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck! Fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck! And everybody s worried about… It s a real possibility you might starve to death one day. You might freeze trying to walk home. [imitates Boston accent] So they all talk in the same way. Oh, my God. How many more months till summer? Ahhh! When is this fucking winter gonna be over? We need more firewood. [whines] They have to sound like the people around them. So if other people invade, like, We stick together. We re all in this together. That s how they are in Texas, too. They re like, Y all ain t from around here, are ya? They have a fucking certain way of talking. Which is proof positive why California is the best spot. Try making fun of a California accent. What are you gonna do? Speak clear and concise? What are you gonna do? You gonna mock us? You re gonna say some shit that everybody understands? They re not supposed to be in Texas, folks. It s not even a state. It s a republic. They were like, Man, we ain t so sure about this whole United States thing. We re gonna hang back. Hang back, see how this plays out. They don t have any rules. They have like three pages of rule books. Here s how I know this. I m gonna tell you a fact, a fact about Texas that will change the way you think about Texas. There are more tigers in captivity in Texas, in private collections, than there are in all of the wild of the world. I m gonna repeat it because I know you re like, Oh, the Fear Factor guy is just making shit up to make his jokes work. No. There s more tigers in dudes yards in Texas than the rest of the fucking planet! How is that possible? Because they can. Because they went through the rule book… [mumbles] It don t say shit about tigers. Order it up, dude. Order it up, dude! One guy got a tiger, and his neighbor s like, Shit, I didn t know we could get tigers. And he got two tigers. And the first guy was like, I ain t about to let this faggot out-tiger me. And he opened up Tiger World with his oil money. We re gonna need those people, folks, if the Russians invade. We can t make fucking warrior babies with those chicks in Marin County with fake asses and rubber lips, okay? We re gonna need some real warrior genes. We re gonna need some women who wear non-ironic Daisy Dukes. They got cowboy boots with no socks and stinky feet. And they yell out, Chris Kyle, rest in peace, when you make em come. We need those women! If the Russians come, we gotta be ready. Think about the children. Think about the children while I get a sip. This is super important, ladies and gentlemen. A lot of people are sleeping on… [laughs] Imagine if I had real points. Oh, Jesus Christ. [audience cheering] I love you fuckers, too, man. So excited to be here. [sighs] I have kids and I lie to them. I get high around em, too. People say you shouldn t do that, but they don t see it. They say you shouldn t be intoxicated around your children. Well, I m not. I m high. I call it elevated. It s a different thing. The people who have a problem with that, they don t understand what getting high is. Like, they think you re gonna be to your kid, like, Who are you? What do you think? What s the worst thing that can happen if I m a little high around my kid? They re gonna get extra hugs, and daddy s going to be paranoid about objects. Look out. Don t go there. That s it. Plus, I have cool conversations. I have a six-year-old daughter, man. There s not a lot of 48-year-old man and 6-year-old girl have in common, other than the fact she s my daughter. And so, our conversations are normally pretty boring. But when I m high, I m like, You know, you call that thing your baby, your doll. You call it your baby, but you know it s not a baby, right?  Yeah, I know it s not a baby.  Do you call it a baby because you re the youngest and you like having someone who is responsible for you?  Maybe.  Okay. That s cool. That s cool. Give me a hug. I love you. [kisses] It s weird, man. It s weird raising little people. There s some things that I didn t expect. One of the things I didn t expect is you have to lie to them. Like, you don t have to lie to them about a lot of things, but you have to lie to them about Santa Claus. It s just one of those things, man, cause it s like a community. You have to think about what your kid s gonna tell other kids. Because when it comes to Santa Claus, you don t want your kid to be one of two things. You don t want your kid to be the first kid that tells everyone that Santa Claus is bullshit, cause that kid s an asshole. But you don t want your kid to be the last kid that figures out that Santa Claus is bullshit, cause that kid s a moron. So you got… You got a little bit of… You re like, Oh, no. When do we do this? When do we do this? And no one knows when to do it. You just let the kids figure it out. Then they re like, Dad, what the fuck? You re like, Aw… Oh, I missed the boat. I missed the boat. Nobody knows when to do it. Nobody can be honest about it. They have little meetings and shit. And I m like, When do we tell em? This lady goes, When they re 11. They re gonna be fucking by then. I told her it was funny. She didn t believe me. I m like, Oh, I m sorry. I m off by a year. That s not as funny, but it s… I didn t mean it. But it s this thing. They want to keep the kids in the dark. And they wanna pretend they re the only one that s teaching the kid. This is a weird thing that people do. They re like, I teach my kids, man. I teach my kids.  Eh… when you see em. But unless you re some freak who homeschools your children in the forest, your kid s gonna go to school. They re gonna go to school, and they re gonna be in a class with 50 other kids. The teacher only makes 20 bucks a year, and she s thinking about dick. That s all she s thinking about. She s thinking about getting stuffed. She s a young, fertile woman who loves kids. And she s writing on that chalkboard. And the kids all huddle up and share information. Like, Yeah, what did your dad tell you? Your dad tell you that, yeah? My dad says Santa Claus is fucking bullshit, okay? You ever go near a chimney? It s that big. What the fuck? Teacher s coming. Play with blocks. Act stupid. Uh, how does this work? They play dumb. They play dumb! They re like little prisoners, trying to figure their way out. They make little papier-mâché heads and pretend they re napping. They re little humans. They wanna run shit. Who is these people telling us what to do? Are they being straight with us, man? What the fuck is going on? I knew the day my daughter knew that Santa Claus is bullshit. She came home, stared me down. She was, like, mad-dogging me. She took her book bag, and just goes… [scoffs] Walked right up to the chimney, looking at me. How the fuck?  Dad, have you ever met Santa Claus?  No, honey, I ve never met him.  But you let him in the house? And there s this moment… It was a moment where a seven-year-old has you at checkmate. You re like, Oh, shit. I don t know whether to high-five her or to keep lying. You wanna go, Yeah, you got me. You got me. You got me. That s bullshit. No, the big bang is real, but this is bullshit. The big bang sounds even less real. The problem is, you have to be consistent. If you re teaching your kids nonsense, you gotta teach em only nonsense. You can t mix nonsense in with, like, real stuff. Like, my daughter will go like, How do birds fly? I go, Birds have bones that are hollow, so they re really light. Then they have feathers, which cover a large surface area. And they use the hollow bones and the feathers to push down on the air. See, the air looks like it s nothing, right? But it s actually a bunch of gases. That s why the trees move when the wind blows. The birds can manipulate that and go through 3-D space.  Whoa!  Yeah, nature is crazy.  Yeah. How does the fat man get through the little hole?  Magic! Christmas magic! Now go to bed. I m trying to fuck your mom! Go to bed! [audience laughing] Jokes, folks. Just jokes. Can t talk like that. That s how you make strippers. You gotta be nice. They re little, tiny people. They re adorable. They don t know anything yet. You gotta teach em everything. You can t talk mean. [inhales sharply] Kids are a lot like really fucking stupid people… in that if you get ten really stupid people in a room, the most confident one just starts running shit. They don t have to have any more information, they just have to be more confident. If you get a bunch of dummies together, they re like, I don t know what s going on.  I don t know what s going on.  I fucking do. I fucking do. The guy doesn t have to have any extra data, he just has to be the only one that s confident. And that s what it s like in school. My daughter s class has this fucking kid named Debbie. And every day it s, Debbie says… Oh, fucking Debbie says. Debbie says what? You don t think about that before you have kids. Not only are you gonna have kids, but your kids are gonna make friends, and then you have to make friends with the fucking parents of your kids. And some of em are crazy. My daughter s like, Debbie says Adam and Eve are the only two people in the world, and all people came from them. Is that true? [sighs] And this is weird. Like, you don t know what to do, right? You want to be diplomatic. You don t want to cause problems at school. But you gotta be honest. And one of the most difficult things to say to a kid is, I don t know. I m like, Sweetie, I don t know. I don t know if Adam and Eve is where people came from. But nobody knows, because no one from today is alive back then. So it s not something you can measure. So it s not something you can see. So we don t know. But here s what we do know. You know how some people have big ears and some people have little ears?  Yeah.  Well, some people have brains that are made out of dog shit. And they get horny, too. And what happens is, they have to find someone even dumber than them to have sex with. It s like the opposite of evolution. And then they have a kid, and their kid is fucked. Their kid is fucked! And everybody wants to pretend it s a level playing field. There s no level, anywhere you look. Is an eagle and a salmon level? Does the salmon ever get to eat the eagle? No. The universe does not want even! It wants conflict and resolution and constant improvement. Okay? I m gonna shut this light out, and I m gonna go fuck your mom right in the mouth. All right? I don t say these things. I don t say any of these things! I was like, I don t know. Maybe Debbie s right. Doesn t make sense to me. How would that work?  How would that work?  It wouldn t work, would it? Adam and Eve are the only two people. They have kids. And then, where do all the other people come from? I guess the kids just start fucking each other. Is that what happens? Mom fucks the kids, or the… Yeah, exactly. Debbie s parents. They were at my house, man, for a cookout, and the dude told me the Earth s 10,000 years old. They re Young Earth Christians. They re sweet people, by the way. Before I shit on them… I m gonna shit on them, but before I shit on them, they re sweet. They re really nice people. I hug em every time I see em. They re really kind, nice people. But they just found a part of their brain, they re like, I have no use for this. [grunts] Chucked that whole logic, discerning-reason part. This fucking thing s confusing. They re Young Earth Christians, which means they follow the strictest interpretation of the Bible possible. I m like, How many people believe the Earth is less than 10,000 years old? Uh! I looked it up. There s a recent Gallup poll that said that 46% of America believes the Earth is less than 10,000 years old. [audience booing] Here s why you shouldn t be scared. They can only measure people dumb enough to answer polls. And when you factor that in, you re talking about a really small number. ‘Cause you know what the average response is if you call people up and say, How old s the Earth? Number one answer is, Older than your mother s pussy. And then they hang up. Number two answer is, Fuck you! After that, you start throwing numbers around. And only 46% of those dummies were stupid enough to think the Earth is 10,000 years old. That s Debbie s fucking parents. So out of the people that answer polls… Is it even 1%? It might be 1%. Only 46% are that fucking stupid. And that s the 1% we should really be worried about. We re worried about the wrong 1%. Not that we shouldn t be worried about the really rich, greedy people. We definitely should. We should definitely worry about bankers and people who… They re just stockpiling resources. They could help the world in some really impossible ways for anybody else. But they don t. They d rather just pile up their gold. [grunts] Yeah, that 1% is awful. But there s another 1% that freaks me the fuck out that no one s talking about. That s the 1% who leave comments on YouTube videos. Who the fuck are those freaks? Could you imagine people talking to each other like that in real life and not beating the shit out of each other? I mean, if Jesus Christ himself came back from the dead and had a YouTube page, the first comment would be, You ain t shit without your dad, pussy. These are monsters. This is not a normal person s response. Normal people don t leave comments. What a normal person does, they watch a video. They like it or they don t like it. That s it. It ends right there. But what you re dealing with is the process of racism, and child abuse, and neglect and shitty genes. And the Insane Clown Posse is playing. They know all the words, and they re wafting up their farts, and their Cheez Doodle fingers. And like, An open letter to Jennifer Lopez… Let me pause and just jerk off in my shirt real quick, here. [mimics fart] Ugh… Dear, Jennifer, don t you think it s about time you dress a little more classy? What are your children gonna see when they see… Just fucking think of the meanest, most biting shit that s gonna cut it. As if Jennifer Lopez has time in between eating diamonds and fucking all her background dancers in a castle that she built with her ass. But you know, Let me check the YouTube comments to see if my self-esteem s on point. Oh! And you know who s dumber than them? Me. ‘Cause I read their shit and I get mad. I know they re stupid. I still get upset. Fuck! This is the world, folks. This is the world we re living in. Are we happy? I m not sure. – Is this what we wanted? I don t know. – [woman] No! – No. – [woman] No! – Are you sure? – [woman] No! Why are you doing this? What is this? What are you doing? Are you fighting for freedom? – What s happening? – [woman 2] No! Are you White Panthers? What is this? [man] Life sucks! – What are you saying? – [man] Life can kind of suck sometimes. Life can kind of suck? Maybe it s how you re livin it, bitch. Life can kind of suck. It s the greatest time ever to be alive. Yeah, I d live in the old days when you could die from crabs. It doesn t get any better than today, man. So stupid. Make America great again. It s as good as it s ever been. What the fuck are you saying? We have 4G everywhere. When has it been better? We have Netflix. When has it been better? Come on, man. Stop. It s never been better. This is as good as it s ever been. It s just weird. It s just weird. You gotta get your shit together, bitch. Don t blame the world. God damn it. Damn it, man. And listen, if you ve seen any of this show, and you said, I think some of the stuff you re saying is really funny, but I sense a lot of, like, macho posturing from you. I sense a lot of, like, bullshit, tough-guy stuff. You re totally correct. And what it is is I live with all women, okay? And I m becoming more of a bitch every day of my life. And I just wanna say I m not unhappy. I ve never been more happy in my life. This is the happiest I ve ever been. But when you re with all girls, like, you have all girls all the time, you have to make little compromises. You don t think about it while it s happening. It s like the rock doesn t think about the water carving a path through it, but eventually, that fucking path is gonna get deep. And when you re with all people that are different than you, they just go, Hmm… They just start looking at you like little raptors testing the fence. [squawks] They ll just start poking at you. It s what people do. It s natural. It s just what people do. If you live with people that all are on AT&T and you re on Verizon, they re like, Dude, look at my bars. Make the switch. Come on over. What are you, a fucking Democrat, dude? Libertarian is where it s at. Wake up! Join us! When you re with all girls, they just start… They constantly fuck with my manhood. It s like, I ll come home and some new thing is painted pink. I m like, Why is this pink?  It looks better pink, Daddy.  It looks better pink, Daddy. And my wife s like, I think they re right. I m like, Oh… I see what the fuck is going on here. It s mutiny! They just chip, chip, chip away. It s like if my manhood was a mountain of marbles. Every day they steal two. They just walk up to my stack… You can t say shit. You can t say shit, cause it s only two marbles, and you re like, I still got all these marbles. Everything is gonna be okay. I ll deal with this eventually. But you re not gonna deal with it. Every day, two more marbles. You never get those marbles back. You see it comin . You don t do anything about it. You re like, I gotta go to sleep. All right, everybody stop crying. I gotta go to sleep. And men don t want to admit that. Not me, bro. Not me, bro. I d rather just live in the woods by myself. What are you, a fucking Coldplay song? Huh? What are you, a character in a book, you piece of shit? No one s honest. No one s honest about how much we need other people. That s why the characters that we adore so much in the movies are the people that don t need people. The people who just walk away from it all, like, Wow, what a rebel! But in real life, we need people so bad that the worst shit you can do to a prisoner is put them in solitary confinement. So think about that. You re in a cement box filled with rapists and murderers. And the worst shit they can do is leave you alone. We re fucking weird. We are weird, cause what we are really is we re some weird superorganism that, like, needs each other in some sort of strange way. But we re all in denial. I m kind of a loner. Oh, shut the fuck up. There s no such thing. It s not real. Every person in this room, me included, all of us, we are all a calculation. We re all an ongoing, on-running calculation of all the interactions you ve ever had with all the people that you ve ever met. And you do a bunch of things that people like, and start doing more of that. You re like, I ll do more of that. You find things that people don t like, you re like, I ll keep that shit to myself, hmm. I don t like that feeling. Hmm. That s what we do. That s what we do. It s weird. We don t want to admit it. But that s who we all are. And I m just telling you this because I ve never been more of a bitch. Right now, I have slowly but surely bent until I m in this position. This is how I m riding out my days, just like this. Okay, okay, okay, okay. But I m also telling you right now that I m not going out like Bruce Jenner. Oh! That s right, politically correct San Francisco. Here s my take on this Bruce Jenner thing. And, you know, everybody has their own… Not really. This is what everybody s take is. This is the take that you re supposed to have. He s always been a woman trapped in a man s body. Maybe. Definitely maybe. Definitely people are like that. Definitely, there are people who were born in the wrong gender. And am I saying they should stay their gender? No. Who gives a fuck? You should do whatever you wanna do. You should be happy. You should be free. I don t care what you do. But… it s also possible that, maybe, if you live with crazy bitches long enough, you become one. That s all I m saying. I don t see this discussed. It is entirely possible. If you put a praying mantis on a leaf, it becomes the color of the leaf. Why? Because it wants to live. It wants to survive. It wants to be accepted by its environment. You show me a man who s lived with the Kardashians for ten years who didn t come out a chick, and then we ll have some data, okay? ‘Cause right now, we lost a fucking American Olympian, and I want you to have some respect! We re down Bruce Jenner. And I ve got a close eye on Kanye West, and I don t exactly like what I m seeing. [audience applauding and cheering] Look at Kanye West. He s a very talented, young, heterosexual man who starts a clothing line… he s clearly jealous about Taylor Swift, and he tweets like a coked-up stripper in the middle of the night. You don t see what I m seeing? We are watching the plot of a fucking Stephen King book play out! An American athletic hero moves in with a woman who s made hundreds of millions of dollars through no way anyone can explain to anyone. He breaks up with her. She turns him into a chick. The whole world tells him he s beautiful. You tell me you don t see what I m seeing? You have to say… You have to say she s beautiful. She s beautiful. She s not beautiful, and neither am I. Look, I look like a thumb with two thumbs. Okay? You put me in a dress, I d be even more disgusting. Beauty s unusual. There s a lot of cool shit that isn t beautiful. Sixty-year-old dudes in skirts are on that list. Jesus fucking Christ! What kind of games are we playing here? Why are you lying to children? That s beautiful. What are my kids gonna think when they see a mountain or a rose? Is that beautiful too, Daddy? Explain. Ahhh! Bang! I can t! The world s gone fucking bananas! What you re saying is horribly transphobic and incredibly regressive. You should be embarrassed at what you re doing. You re doing this just to get laughs at someone else s expense. Maybe! Or maybe Bruce Jenner lived with demons. Maybe they waited by the bed… until they knew he was in heavy REM sleep… so they could assume their true form. [squawking] Climb up and kick off their designer shoes to reveal black raven s claws. Clutched the edge of the bed and just… whispered in his ear. [snarls] [imitating demon] Bruce… [breathing heavily] we would like you better if you were one of us.  [groaning] I can t. I can t be one of you. I was… I was born a man.  Nonsense! [snarling] [hissing] Nonsense. Bruce… you no longer can be held prisoner by the gender of your birth. You re free. Bruce… [snarling] your lips are too thin… for the cover of Vanity Fair.  Huh? What? Wait. Wait. Did you say the cover? Okay. Are you fucking with me? Because… you know the cover s always been my dream.  It can be real! [snarls] It can be real. All dreams… can be real through surgery. Sleep. [audience cheering and applauding] Thank you very much, San Francisco! I had a great fucking time with you savages! Let s take a selfie. Shit. We got it. Putting together one of these fucking specials is stressful as shit. I appreciate the fuck out of all you people being here tonight. And I love you guys. Thank you very much! [cheering and applauding continues] [rock music playing]

MARIA BAMFORD@OLD BABY@2017@I always like to tell audiences… pre-program, just in case you re brought here by a friend. Sometimes friends lead us astray. I had two very close friends. My parents invite me to go see a film. I said, Of course I ll go see that movie with you, because you love me. Why on earth would you want to see me suffer? And then I sat through Steven Spielberg s War Horse, which, if you haven t seen, as far as I m concerned, is a 14-hour, real-time documentary about a gentle horse struggling in vain to escape from barbed wire. This may be your war horse. If that s the case, do as I did. Take a lap outside. Get yourself a treat. There s probably a CVS or a Rite Aid selling ice cream… nearby because you re a good friend. You took a risk. And in fact, your relationship has only grown deeper, because now you know you have different senses of humor when it comes to certain types of stand-up comedy. Oh! What a stinging broth intimacy can be. That s who you are. That s it. Did you know that on Netflix, it is possible to run out of genocide documentaries? And I ve got to fill my queue with something. How else am I gonna feel that contentment that comes from the perception I m not about to kill millions of people, nor are millions of people about to kill me? My queue kept suggesting a reality show called Say Yes to the Dress: Atlanta, which is a show wherein young ladies pick out gowns for their nuptials. And it s very similar to a genocide documentary, in that no one is learning from history! It s my day, it s the most important day in a woman s life. Absolute power corrupts absolutely. I just want a pretty dress. Bigger than the other dresses. Bigger than the other dresses. Yep. I just got married last year. Uh… As an older bride. What is that, a specter from the attic? And, uh… The thing is, what you might ask, is… Whoa. The reason it happened was I had an epiphany. I was so sick of myself asking that question of people in relationships: How did you guys meet? Did your hands come together by accident in a garden? And what do people in relationships always say? They always say, Um, well, we just met and we genuinely liked each other, and, you know, there s ups and downs. We like each other, so we stay together. Oh. Oh, I m sorry if you re bored with your miracle! And it seems like to me romance takes a lot more than that. Like, you gotta want it, but no. Be available. Too busy. He s the one. But that s the deal breaker. The odds of falling in love with the perfect person at the perfect time are about the odds of, I don t know, being discovered in Hollywood. Wait a minute. I asked a similarly desperate question for many years, which was, how do you make it in show business? Do you move to San Diego and disguise yourself as a bush? Moving slowly northward beneath the cover of dusk? And what do famous people always say? They always say, Well, do you enjoy doing it? Great. Good. Isn t it fun, yeah, just keep doing it. Just keep it doing, you know, and, um… if you don t enjoy it, please, you know, stop. But no one can ever take that away from you. You get to do it, and it s a privilege. And just, you know, pretty soon you ve been doing it a long time, you go, whoa this, this is what I do. This is what I ve done with my life. Best of luck. Which is profoundly true. Is that what a relationship is? Is it just continuing to show up without any guarantee? I can do that! I didn t realize there d be ambiguity, doubt, confusion, or at least the amount that there is in a job. ‘Cause people always say, once you ve been doing something a long time, they say, I bet you always knew you wanted to be a comedian. I did not want to do this show today. You guys know that. And, uh… that means me and my boo-boo, me and my snuggle man, me and my Mr. Handsome Face Turkey Butt, have a chance, because we ve had our high times. Oh, God, when you re starting out real cocky. Oh, our kissing is so hot, it should be on TV. La, la, la, la… And then you get the craftsmanship stage. That s when things take more effort. That s when I get a poor attitude, like in this job. I say, I d like to do an invulnerable impersonation of my mother, but I don t wanna do it in front of a sports bar, where the Raisin Bran Bowl is playing and nobody s listening. Well, Princess Daffodil, that would be the whole fucking thing, so why don t you learn to project above nine television sets and make some friends? And if you re lucky in life, you get to have those dark times, the relationship equivalent of two weeks in Laughlin, Nevada. Bombing three shows a night for hundreds of silent, angry jet skiers. Laughing, crying, thinking, this is not at all what I wanted! But there s always one strawberry toaster pastry left in the hallway vending machine. And you break it, and share it with the opener and the headliner. And you make it through another show. And that way you get days like today, where it all seems like it was meant to be. Happy anniversary to show business audience of over 20 years. I love you all far more deeply than the day we first met, and the fact that we all still have the free will to abandon each other at any given moment… makes it all the more compelling. I m back, I came back! But I don t, it s my special, but I don t want to come back, but I m coming back! No, okay, okay. No, no! No! But what if I didn t come back? But I did, I did. That s full body peek-a-boo. Not a lot of comics who are doing that. Oh! You re right. Um… I know. I m 46 years-old. Of course I ve fallen in love many times before. It was always over 100% my fault, uh, that it didn t work out, cause you know how it is. You fall in love with someone. You tell them, uh, that you love them, and then you share with them what you think is the single most horrifying fact about yourself. They re gonna think it s something else. But… For example, I would tell you, I love you so much. Heads up: mental illness runs in my family. If ever I start talking too fast about wanting to get in touch with the pope or some other ethical authority, you re gonna wanna put me in a purple van, drive me to doggy day care cause I need to be boarded for the weekend. Some guys said, Whoa, whoa, whoa. Fair enough. And some guys were like, Oh, okay. And I rejected them. They shared with me their deepest secret, and one fantastic human being to share with me. Babe, I love you, and… I think you should know, my dad s in the mafia. I m not, but I do have a million in cash in case something goes down. He uses my Social Security number. He will probably try to use yours, but it ll never be a problem. What I said was, Whoa, whoa, whoa. What I could have said was, I work in the entertainment industry. I am awash in filthy money! The Disney Channel s a front for Thai child prostitution. That s an open secret. I ve… I ve paid in cash most nights with a gun on the table. I would be honored if your father used my Social, and at certain points in my life, it would have only raised my credit score. I had another, uh, handsome individual share with me, Babe, a couple years back, I had a two-year, meth-fueled gay relationship, but then I got into Weight Watchers, and I gained back my confidence. What I said, very judgmentally, was… Whoa, whoa, whoa. What I could have said was, That sounds like fun! Life is fucking hard. I hope you make up for it in points. And… if you want to talk about bizarre sexual behavior, I for a period of 15 years had a one night stand in a Hampton Inn or better up and down the I-35W corridor. They were always drunk, I was always stone-cold sober. It was planned, it was cyclical. Those are a few of the signs of a predator. Nobody s perfect. Let s work this out! So when my scrumptious beloved… explained to me that at the age of 52 he is not, in fact, a virgin, and I had always dreamed of having a clean boy… but he is a filthy little monkey. And he was okay with me. He said, I know sometimes women who are post-menopausal… Um, well, anyways, if you go to the psych ward, they don t let you have sharp stuff. And if-if you grew a beard, I d come in and I d shave your beard. That s about the most romantic thing I ever did hear tell! Merch! Merch! Anybody? Hi. Uh, you interested in some merch? Uh, we take, uh, cash, we take credit cards. We, uh, take barter. Um, that s a safe dating card. It takes you through the stages of dating, all the way through rape and domestic violence. You don t have any CDs or anything? Uh, I do not sell any CDs of my stand-up comedy. I know… I bought this already, because it s my own merch, but wouldn t I be interested in having a little more? Hmm? ‘Cause what if I gave this one away? The signature, I m hiding hat. And then I would need another. These are perfect for the athletic in you. Jesus Christ! Um, this is an XXL. You think, that would be too big on me, but is it not just maybe perfect? The perfect size. If you want a conversation starter, you know, and you say, okay, I wanna wear a big short that s gonna make people ask questions, but then also acknowledge my limitations as a personality, so that, when you abruptly walk away, look down, they re not surprised. Oh, do you wanna be happy?  Yes.  Do you wanna be a success?  Yes.  Do you wanna buy merch?  Yes! I just tricked you there. It s a pancake stress squeezer, um, and then it reads, which is very true, Meds are more effective. More merch available pencil. I already want 100. Wait a minute, I bought 100! My husband has noticed, uh, something about me. I like to tear open packages of food, take caps partially off beverages, and then leave them out and around, and he said very kindly, very sweetly, Why? I explained, because I am raccoon. I need to get in there, okay, get what s good, be on my way. Oh, but what if you get sick, you know, because sometimes it can go bad? You ll fall ill. Were you not listening when I just mentioned that I am raccoon? I can digest ceiling tile. I just need to fill this up, get back to the river with my friends. Did you just bring an old salad to bed? It s nighttime, I m awake! Um, uh… We do not know what we re doing, uh, so we go see a therapist, and we don t know if it s helping, but we have written a song about her. Scott freaked out cause I locked him in the garage by accident for two hours, and he s like, Oh, my God, I m with somebody who didn t even notice I m not there! And he told Cheryl Hirsham, and she kind of giggled, and then he felt irritated and felt unsafe. And then we all laughed. I freaked out cause Scott peed in the backyard, and I m like, Oh, my God, are we going Grey Gardens here, gonna start collecting wet newspaper and cat food? And I told Cheryl Hirsham, and she said, Sometimes my son pees in the backyard, and it helps scare away the deer. That you can tell she sets in hot rollers cause she fucking cares about herself! And she has this Thomas Kinkade painting, I don t know if you ve seen it, it s Christian painter, painter of light, a lot of… Anyways, uh, don t judge her for it. And then she has this magazine in her lobby called Bi-Polar Magazine. Nineteen copies of the same issue. I said, Hey, can I have one of those? And she said, No. Every time we go to see Cheryl Hirsham, we can t remember the code to get in. Is it 4-0-0-2? Wait, is it 2-0-0-4? I thought you wrote it down! You put it in your phone! I didn t bring my phone because I thought we re supposed to be more mindful of our time together and be off social media! It s your fault! No, it s your fault! Wait, wait. It s our fault. We did all this together. We re a team! It is so hard to love people nowadays. Uh… There is too much to keep track of. Oh, you didn t like my Facebook event. I m fucking here! You want me to Hellen Keller a thumbs up into your palm? And, uh, I love my father. I was painting him a ceramic dog bank at Color Me Mine, and of course I wanted to create something meaningful that would last forever. The plan was garishly splatter an already extremely unattractive ceramic dog bank to get the following reaction: Joel, do we have to keep this thing from Maria in the center of the living room? Marilyn! It s a gift from our youngest daughter, and it deserves a place of honor. Oh, I just can t stand it. I can t stand it. Marilyn! I m putting it in the basement. Marilyn, I get to have one goddamn thing in this house that s mine! Are you keeping money in here? It s my money, Marilyn. That s a savory piece of gristle those two kids can tug back and forth over the course of their golden years. But you know how it is. You are creating something, you start out strong, but then you re working on a Spicy V8 and you start to lose focus. And, uh, I ended up barely covering the dog in one color, brown, and shoving it into the kiln. I left sick with anger at myself. I said, Is that all I have for my father? An unobtrusive tchotchke? Maria! She hates it. It worked out exactly as you planned! Yeah, and I bought a China cat to sit opposite of it so there s a real nice tension. And he s not putting money in there, cause he says he can t trust me. But when she s looking, I put my lips to its slot and I whisper my wishes. I got secrets, Marilyn. Your mother s been opening my mail for 45 years, which is a federal offense. I opened a birthday card from your sister. Are you hiding something? I don t know, Marilyn. You read it. Am I? You say that you love people. I say that I love my nieces and nephews, but is that what I say when once a year I FedEx them a box of wigs? Does that… one act really make up for the fact that I never make eye contact and I am still not clear on their names? Hey, Coltnol. Oh, where are all the, the taller shadows? I have a dear friend who I know still has a flip phone, yet I continue to send her emojis of eggplants, basketballs, pieces of pizza, knowing that all she sees are squares! I need to find a way to show people how much I love them despite all my words and actions. Here s what I ve come up with. What s more constant, loving, and eternal than the Internet? You make… a three-second gif saying how you feel. I care, I care, I care, I care, I care. That way, you re covered. That s like a flame that never goes out. That s like that candle outside the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier, like, yeah, we can t remember who s all stacked up back here, but we got this still going. Whenever I walk past a cemetery, I like to say, What happened? Wow. That way, the next time you let somebody down like I m letting you guys down right now, there are not nearly enough punch lines per second. Jesus, what is this, a speech? Yeah, and then after the show she gives these shoulder-based hugs. Does she even give a shit? Well, why don t you click on my… my new Snapchat story? I love you, but I have glasses and a big mustache. Rainbow vomit. I love you. Glasses, mustache, rainbow vomit. I love you. Glasses, mustache, rainbow vomit. I have a friend who s always trying to get me to do stuff. You want to go horseback riding? What is it? You go on a dusty trail with two lesbians who used to be a couple, but now they run a small business together. And horses bite. Okay, I ll go once, but I m gonna have to cry all the way there, and I m gonna need a Dairy Queen peanut buster parfait on the way back. And that s hot fudge, peanuts, ice cream, hot fudge, peanuts, ice cream, hot fudge, peanuts, ice cream, whip cream, cherry topper. And what I do is I go for the eye, cause it takes the fight right out of it! Do you wanna go swing dancing? Are people still doing that? The war is over! There s plenty of pantyhose for everyone. It s every Sunday from 2:00 to 4:00, just when you don t wanna do anything. And it s side, side, back step, side, side. I ll go for three years, but that is it! Turns out it s pretty fun. Do you wanna go to a fitness boot camp? It s every day at 6:00 a.m. cause they re making us into a shape, and you run and there s no game element to distract you from the fact that you keep running and running. Here s what I m gonna do. I m gonna go for five days. Day five, Tanya, and I know it s gonna be Tanya, is gonna say, Come on, Maria! I wanna see you push it! And I am never gonna go again. But will you forget to cancel the automatic debit coming from your checking account and pay for it for the next year and a half? Of course I will. I love you so much. Uh, I m not very good with chit-chat. Uh, I like a structured communication, a la stand-up, you know? I like a hard out. You know, chit, chat, chit, chat. Ugh. Chit chat… Where are we going with this? There is a guy at my dog park who does not have a dog. And, um… You re a very beautiful woman. Hmm, keep it coming. Turns out I do have all day. Uh, Howard s 85 years-old and he used to be a dog trainer. You know, these dogs you have, they don t know the difference between good and bad the same way people don t know the difference between good and bad. The happiest days of my life, I was five years old, I was riding on my father s shoulders, Times Square, end of World War II, V-Day. The war was over, but… you know, at that same moment the atomic bomb was being dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki, where millions died. So was it good or was it bad? Okay, this makes much more sense than clicker training. We will sit, and we will stay, which is not a problem for our family, because, uh, everyone s brought in a wagon. We ve got two elderly, overweight pugs. Nobody walks. Uh, just out to get some air. And, you know, Howard s trying to get me to teach the dogs something. You gotta give them consequences. Howard, we re keeping them alive. Uh… Is that not cruelty enough? Well, you know, if I asked you, hey, would you raise your right hand for me, you d say, fuck you, Howard. I don t know you. Oh, sounds like you do know me. But if I dug you underground, put you underground for six months, no light, no sound, no human contact, and then I brought you back up and I said, Now, will you raise your right hand for me? You re gonna raise your right hand. Point of order. Our, uh… Our family, I don t know if you ve been there, but you know when you fucked up in life in a major way, and you look around and you think, I have just enough people who love me. Even if I continued to fuck up in kind of a major way on a regular basis, I m still gonna get treats. Why strive for some imaginary standard of behavior? Even if some of us, and I m not gonna say who… It s me! Shit on the carpet, sometimes three times a day, I can t make it to the toity, Papa s still gonna helicopter us into the-the bed for snuggles. We had a great dog named Trixie. We called her Trixie cause she could do so many tricks. Jesus Christ, we re not idiots, Howard! Of course her name was Trixie cause she d… Sadly, Shaq is always a Rottweiler in a Lakers jersey. Pancake is a white, overweight guinea pig. These things remain true over time! She was a great dog. The only problem was she couldn t stop licking herself, touching herself. With us guys, it s one and done, but with you ladies there s no reason to stop, you know? And, uh, we would throw tennis balls at us, spray orange juice in her face. We got her this buzzer collar. That just made it worse. Yeah, our, uh, Betty, our pug Betty, she, uh, she loops her leg around Arnold s head and forces him into a position of cunnilingus… for hours. Uh, we call it The Cherry Picker. That s when I think our animals have so much to teach us. All right. Okay, merch door open, open! Come on in! Uh… I m changing into a more professional voice so that you ll feel more comfortable exchanging money and credit. Hey, come on by. Uh… We have the T-shirt, uh, the one that I m wearing, as well. All sorts of sizes. They run big because they are made in America. Uh, and they are, uh, union, union made. Everything else made in Indochina. Now these are, they re such good quality. Uh, they re fresh. It s so easy to, it s so easy… Okay, it s not as easy as I thought. Um, I don t want you to feel pressure to buy anything either. If you need that pen, you… You can have it. I can have it? Okay, okay! I ve lived in Los Angeles, uh, so long that I ve become violently positive. I am aggressively optimistic. I was, um, talking to a lady in a shop, and she said, I ve always wanted to open a little boutique like this, but just like a gourmet deli! Dude, it s already started happening. You just, you say, I am now a grocer. I am now purveying cookies, candies, cakes, cornucopias. I am now. Yeah, I have two kids, a full-time job. That d be pretty tough. I know it seems impossible, but it is insane how much the universe supports you! Pretty soon you ll be like, oh, my God, there s a warehouse. And then like somebody s like, I ve got a free crate of tuna you could have! And then… I m your first customer. Hello! Is the beef fresh? This is so powerful if you act it out. Is the beef fresh? Is it fresh? Um… Is it fresh? Um, you know what? It s actually, uh… Probably when I think about it, it was probably just something I was just saying. I probably wouldn t necessarily want to get into retail. Open up your fucking shop! Make real every passing fancy! My beloved husband is, of course, bearing the brunt of this unsolicited support. We were talking about Diana Nyad. She swam from Cuba to Florida, a 1,000 miles, open water, without a shark cage. He said, Oh, I could never do that! I said, Yes, you can! Maria, she s an Olympic swimmer. She attempted five times. She almost died twice. I m not a good swimmer. I also really don t want to do it. Why don t you believe in yourself? We would just incrementally increase the time you spend in the tub! I-I d nip you with washcloths to mimic the sting of the box jelly. I was wondering why I was getting so enraged when someone suggested there are limits, and, um, it is because I think I feel terribly guilty that all my dreams came true relatively easily about 15 years ago. I just wanted to be on television. It happened. I d like to think that, that was a result of hard work. But if you know me at all, you know that I am sleepy and I cannot remember what you just told me. That leaves luck. Luck is just another of way of saying, some of us were born sliding into home plate. Uh, I was given a full ride scholarship through the age of 25 by an organization called The Bamfords! I was talking to a group of high school students, and none of us knew why I was there. Very confusing, not a little frightening. I was saying something extremely ill-advised, like, You could do anything you set your mind to, turtles! Kid in the back said, Um, it s not that easy. As a final lesson for Career Day, if you could take one of my head shots from 1999 of which I ordered 1,000 on rush and have never needed them, and if you guys could toss those out, I can t seem to. And as you say to yourself, Huh? Who was that even? I don t even want to be what she is. It s like, she s all shaky. How does she even have a job? Just know what one individual managed to accomplish with a modicum of effort… and every possible advantage. She s like an old baby. Yes! That is the perfect description of what I am. Very old, and baby-like. Was getting older. I am still getting older. Heard a colleague say, Whoa, she s really let herself go! And I just felt elated. uh, cause that… is my plan. I m going full Detroit, abandoning all infrastructure, letting my neural pathways grow slack with disuse. People used to come here. Oh! She s so pretty. She s… She s so pretty in the moonlight. She s just a little girl. But the disgust in that man s voice, uh, you know, like, God, is it my civic duty? Do I need to keep myself looking tight, puffy, and wet… in order to not bring down the property value of the person I m standing next to? And then I thought about Los Angeles. We have 100,000 people living on the streets. We need more of me. More places where you can take the emotional equivalent of a shopping cart full of dead car batteries and pull it up. I m a very good place to squat. I cannot provide you any services, but… if you re at a party, or you stand around, don t feel welcome, come sit next to me. I can be a shelter from the storm. Uh, I like my job, but sometimes I lie about what I do, uh… because, uh, sometimes I say I m a bookkeeper, you know? If I m in a closed space. I wish I am. I do all my own Quicken and QuickBooks. I have also been audited by the IRS five times! Turns out they owed me $25! Ka-blam! Uh… ‘Cause I may be eccentric, but I save my receipts in a bucket. And, um… the reason I say that, uh, I m a bookkeeper is because one time I was on a flight from Los Angeles to New York, and a woman said, what do you do, what I did. And she went into a PTSD stream of consciousness traumatic monologue about the worst experience I ve… The night… when my husband, we were in the front row of a comedy show, and the comedian, it was an hour and no, no laughs. He was bombing, and, you know what? We couldn t leave. And it was so painful. It was… weird and… I will never go see stand-up comedy ever. Well, we apologize that you experienced that with our services. If there s any way we can win back your business, in fact, I d love to get your e-mail address and your birthday and set you up with 20 free tickets to a comedy show! As it turns out, for the most part, as you all know, comedy tickets are… free. I then very defensively asked her what she did for a living. She then explained that she was an employee of a little Canadian corporation called Cirque du Soleil as a fucking clown. Now I, of course, have dated a clown before. And I sat through six performances of a clown as a Christ figure. Crucified clown Christ. Red rubber nose, audience armed with water balloons, asked to fling them at said clown Christ while screaming, Jew! If you want to talk about the deep discomfort of the arts, dive in. I wish I had paid to see that show. But I was always on the guest list. Uh, I had to take a break from work cause, uh, I went mental. And, uh… my friend told me, hey, you re talking a little too fast, having a lot of shit ideas. Uh, why don t you get in my Ford Flex, and I ll, uh, motor you over to the public storage. And, uh… I went into a psychiatric facility, which, if you haven t been, uh, don t feel bad if you go, and, uh… they re uniformly awful. You re not at the wrong one. They re all bad, they re all bad. Uh… It s as if an art director came in and said, Okay, I want to break five more chairs, and then we need… uh, at least three pieces taken out of every puzzle. And… the big screen TV, let s have it playing Ultimate Fighting Championships at maximum volume, lose the remote. They sat me down with the-the psych guy, and he said, you know, the usual questions. Why are you here? Oh, I have… explicit plans to kill myself. Okay, great. Uh, pretty common. What, uh, are the circumstances? Every moment is unbearable. Uh, what kind of work do you do? I m a comedian. No response. Felt… so relieved. And he went back to his little laptop, um, and some music came out of it, and I was like, well that s kind of weird. Uh, but I get it, uh… A lot of times, in the light booth right now actually I have a little, uh, Wimp video playing a baby tortoise trying to eat a raspberry. And it s just so, when at work when I get bored, I have something to cheer me up. It doesn t affect my performance at all. Um… He turned the laptop around, and he said, is this you? And I said, yes, clearly it s me, with more make-up and better material. And, uh… he said, I had to YouTube you because I was concerned that you were delusional. Since when is it grandiose psychosis to claim that in any way you re involved in the entertainment industry? It is simple courtesy to wait until someone has left the room to IMDb them. And it s not like I said I was Richard Pryor. And had I claimed to be one of the finest comedians of our past century and been able to perform anything from his quintessential 1979 Long Beach stand-up special, or, perhaps, more weirdly, uh, been able to quote some of his lesser-known material about the difference between beating white women and black women. Uh, doesn t age well. But the joke was on me, uh, because, uh, the psychiatrist then put me on a mood stabilizer whose primary side effects are cognitive, making it almost impossible to think or talk. Ho on! Or should I say, Oh no. Yeah. Seventy two hours later, you know how it is, you ve gotta work. Oh, God, get back to work. I m working on stuff. I m really doing the inner work so I can get back and get, get back to work. I found myself in downtown Chicago, bleeding. I had lost all my identification and was making this noise. Ah. I called my mother and said, She… She said, Honey, somehow, you know what? Somehow get to the airport, tell… Go to Delta Priority. Tell them you are gold medallion! I did what my mother told me, and it turns out, uh, points is not a bad form of health-care. Got an upgrade. Uh… I was bleeding and crying, but a lot of leg room. Merch for sale. Mer… Merch for… Merch for sale! Hi, guys. Selling, um, some items. I don t want to force you into anything. Whatever s within your budget. All the money goes, uh, to support uh, the psychiatric hospital that is in my hometown, Miller-Dwan. My mom s stayed there and worked there. And this is a pencil that has hope on this side. There s the words Hope so you can grind down Hope , very slowly. And at the bottom it says, More merch available. Look at that, that looks perfect on you. – It works. – You know what? It s… Everything s free. Everything s free. I can t, I can t charge these people. Just take it, take it, take it. Take it. It s-it s all yours. And thank you for coming to the show. We ve raised a dollar. Every dollar counts. That dollar might go towards a packet of graham crackers that, you know, they wouldn t have had. I finally got back to work about a year and a half later, and everybody was really nice about it, uh, coming back. But I had one coworker say, Hey, Bamford. Heard about what happened in Chicago. Oh, man. Jeez Yeah, it wasn t cool. I had to cancel-cancel like six shows. I-I still owe them a lot of money. I m on, I m on… a payment plan. Yeah, I ve never bailed on a show. I had a temperature of 495 degrees. I was the temperature of a fully charred pork chop. But I did my 90-minute set, then I lost control of my bowels. That s awesome, man. Good for you. I just wasn t able to think or talk, and I thought that might not be as funny as I d hoped. Yeah, comedy s gotta be funny. And it s gotta be funny to everybody, you know? If it s not funny, it s not comedy. And I test my shit out. I went to China this year. I was not welcome. I did not have a Visa. But I worked it out, and now I have a tight hour of chopstick impersonations. I do kitty cat, bunny, uh, walrus, llama. You know, I could do a ten city tour of the Gansu province if need be. That s awesome, man. So you never get scared of performing outside of certain groups or anything? No, no. I just did a pop-up open mic at a live birth. You know, Mom s distracted, but just to be there. You know, for baby s first laugh. And, uh, actually, somebody s been using one of my closing bits that I use for younger crowds. And it really pissed me off, because I ve been doing it since the early 90 s and I got tape on it. If you see anybody doing it, if you could tell them to cease and desist. It s… Oh, shit, peek-a-boo is yours? Man. Yeah. You know, basically I decided to copyright the entire human experience. That s awesome, man. I guess I just… I just don t… I don t have that ambition in me anymore. I don t know if it s the meds, but… Like even before tonight s show, I stared into the reflection of my Diet Coke tallboy. And I said, Hey, hey, hey, hey. Hey, kid. I wanna see 20 percent, if not five. ‘Cause you know what? So what? Who cares? It doesn t even fucking matter. I was so scared of going into a psychiatric institution, I thought, what if somebody finds out? Uh, this is what happened if somebody finds out. I was in there, and, um, somebody came up and said, Hi, I m one of the therapists here. Um. I know you. Not personally, but we have a friend in common, Joe De La Rosa? He s a comic out of New Jersey. He s fantastic. He does The Laugh Factory, The Comedy Store. I ve never seen you there. They re great clubs. Have you ever tried to get in on there? ‘Cause it just seems like, there s just great crowds. But, um… anyways, I just, I wanted to let you know that this is totally confidential, and I would never tell anyone. Oh. I m in a county-stamped gown and a pair of electric green gripper socks that are not my own. You tell whoever the fuck you want. Because all is lost. I had a dream come true, uh, which I-I couldn t believe it. Show business came to my hometown of Duluth, Minnesota and said the kinds of things that show business does, things like, This is amazing. Oh, my God. It s like a little San Francisco here. It s like a freshwater Monaco. Why have I never heard of this Duluth, Minnesota? We definitely have to shoot here. We want to use local talent, all local catering. Let s start getting lists of people who may be interested in acting in a television series in the area. We ll see you next month. And then what happened… is nothing. And, uh… I was left… I told my mom, and she was, Honey, but they came to supper twice, and they said that I was very talented and your father had a gift, and that… everyone at the lake could play a part. Oh, Mother. We just need to go to each person and tell them they ve actually had one of the most authentic show business experiences… you can have. Which… is being given the full ghost. Don t know what ghosting is? That s when someone declares their undying love for you, and then disappears off the face of the Earth. Can t happen in a small town. The person will just say, I see you over there. I tried to explain to my mom that show business is like having a friend with a terrible drinking problem. I love her so much. She s so much fun if you get her at right… The just… the right time of… You re the most beautiful. So, you re my best friend. I love you, okay? Only you. It s just me and you, okay? And literally loving you. The next day, she may have forgotten about that of which we spoke. I m sorry, I don t know who you are. This is hot dogs, they re for principal talent only. The background extras hot dogs are behind two warehouses and a semi that s running. They are the same exact hot dogs. But they are 2,000 yards away behind a truck that s on. We live next to a frat house and, uh… it s just as funny as you think. One night, they were playing Sweet Home Alabama uh, about 3:30 a.m. Which I did not realize was still speaking to people. And… my husband pulled up his, uh, pajama pants, all the way up to his little beard. I put on my t-shirt nightgown with the long slit that I got in 1994 from the Minneapolis St. Paul Airport with the moose on it. And we went on over there and said, Hey. You guys, we don t have jobs, but come on.  Oh, so sorry. You know, so sorry about the noise, you guys. Hey, come on, you guys. Let s shut it down! We re waking up the whole neighborhood. Hey, so sorry about this, you know? Normally, you know, we re just like you guys, you know? We re total nerds. Wait, nobody said anything about nerds. Yeah, but it s our senior year, so we re just really trying to enjoy our house. Oh, we get it. Yeah, Scott s 52 and I m 46. This year we re gonna do it. We re gonna try anal. So if you hear any, Yelps! It s just pleasure. We re just trying to enjoy our house. We have a lot of sex. A lot of fudging and wedging and lotions and potions and unguents and poultices, jams and jellies. Custards, mustards, sauces, souses, and foam soups, smoothing milks. Hustle, bustle, hustle, bustle, hustle, bustle. Hammer, anvil, hammer, anvil, hammer, anvil! I have to say it, I used to look down on people with hobbies. And, uh… I was like, What are you doing over there for no money? You getting any cash on the back end of this hiking deal? This walk to nowhere? And then I looked down at what I was always doing very happily for fun and for free. I was always filling out a self-help manual of some kind. I have not changed discernibly in 25 years, which means I ve been playing a very long, super fun game of emotional Sudoku. My husband and I got a board going at home. Your great-grandfather was a violent alcoholic who was in the army who beat his son, who was a violent alcoholic in the army who beat his son, who was a violent alcoholic in the marines who beat you. You re not in the armed services at all. You don t drink. But you have PTSD so bad that you think you can clench your buttocks and fly the plane. That part s done. My great-grandmother had six kids and then could never leave her attic to raise them. My grandmother died in a fire of her own making. My mother has 15 grand in a secret savings account just in case next time she goes manic she wants to stay in a nice hotel. I have this thing called Vaginismus. Anytime something interesting gets near my vago, she slams shut! And I gotta convince her to flower open with juice and stories. All we need is, uh… two alcoholics, a suicide, and a Seven, and we could break for popcorn. It s so much fun! Have you ever read the work of Dr. John and Judy Gottman? They re family therapists. You-you watch for the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse in all of your relationships without criticism, contempt, defensiveness, and stonewalling. So let s say your friend says, Hey, look at that sailboat! You say Criticism. That s a stupid sailboat. Contempt. You and your fucking sailboats! Fuck. Uh, defensiveness. I m not into sailboats, I have nothing to do with sailboats! Stonewalling. And they gave us this magnet that looks like a piece of flooring, and you hand it to your partner when you re done speaking and you say, now you have the floor. And… It costs $900. We got our pictures taken with their cardboard cutout cause they couldn t be there. And they ve… they ve also gave us an acronym for love, which is, Letting Others Voluntarily Evolve. It was so fucking fun! Um, my husband and I do LARP. We Live Action Role Play… as our mothers. Hey, Linda. Listen, it s Marilyn. I got myself a new purse with my Hilton Honors Points and I just, uh, I thought of you. Oh, Marilyn, I don t need a purse. I got nothin to put in one. Nowhere to go. Well, Linda, you need to treat yourself. You raised four beautiful children through very difficult circumstances, and you… I had nothing to do with it. They had a horrible childhood. I m amazed that they even survived. Well, you know, Linda, You know, the thing, kid, the thing, yeah. I… When… I… You never worked a day in your life, Marilyn. I worked for 40 years as a nurse. I stood over men s deathbeds as they begged for hand jobs with their dying breath. She actually says Blowjobs , but please don t say that because it s my mother. Well, I gotta tell you, once you give Maria a detail, you know? It s kind of out of all of our hands. Uh… Linda, I get it, you know. My husband Joel, I m a kept woman. He s 75 years old, but he still has his appetites, you know? Sometimes I feel like I wear a diamond solitaire necklace like a yoke. Would you want to watch one of my hundreds of DVDs starring anything with Timothy Olyphant? We could have some chocolate-dipped strawberries from Shari s Berries, still cold from the Internet. You can t sit next to me. I don t like people. Uh, listen, Linda. I ll put my purse between us, and we can pretend we re in Delta economy comfort. Give ourselves an upgrade. We deserve it. Sorry. Fine. So, it s rude. This is more one-woman show territory. Apologies, apologies. Okay, this is the scariest part of the show. I m trying to believe in something, and, uh… I can t, there s something more, more bigger than myself, and I just, I just can t, I can t think of anything. And, um… But then I remember there s this game that we used to play when we were kids, and it s called One Big Blob. What happens: I m it, you run away from me, frightened, afraid. I begin running after you, while chanting, one big blob! One big blob! One big blob! Eventually I end up catching one of you, and it s gonna be you. I got you. Come on, take my hand, take my hand. And now we both have to begin chanting. One big blob! One big blob! Now you catch the person next to you. I know. One big blob! And then we start catching each other. Come on, you guys! It takes a long time, and a lot of effort. Come on, everybody! One big blob! Join hands. One big blob! One big blob! I m gonna wait! One big blob! I don t want to do it, either. One big blob! One big blob! One big blob! One big blob! I know it s weird. One big blob! You can do it! One big blob! One big blob! One big blob! One big blob! That s great. Okay, now… This is great. Isn t it uncomfortable to be in the blob? It s so awful! Your hands are sweaty. But you have to do it, and we gotta stay together because you have to catch the one outlier, probably that guy who s going out the back door, the apparent winner, but is he? Because he s alone. He is alone. And everyone must let themselves be caught because otherwise the game will never end, and it is a shit game. Everybody just wants to play soccer, a game of individual achievement and glory. So, um, anyways, if we could just blob it on a few things. Um… I could hang a religion on that. Anyways, that s my, that s what I love. Thank you so much for cooperating! That was amazing! That was fun! One big blob. I should have blobbed with you, Arnold. I should have blobbed with you. Thank you so much. Thank you! Thank you so much! Thank everybody on this flat, and on the balcony! Thank you so much. Thank you! I have one more song. Please have your seats, have your seats. I have one more song, and, um… I love music. And, you know, I m not trained, uh, classically. But, uh… I ve been working on some… Oh, those are just fart noises. Yes. Yes, they are. Oh, that s not music. That s what they said about Stravinsky, Philip Glass, the punks. If this is my song, how can I keep from singing? The harshest criticism… has come from fellow comics. Who said, Jesus Christ, Maria. Aren t you even writing anymore? No. No, I am not. Hmm, I just wrote that. Do a serious face, serious face now. Yeah! That s good stuff. He s so fucking good at peek-a-boo, you guys.

BO BURNHAM@MAKE HAPPY@2016@[woman on TV] That has been, really, a difficult thing for me. My mother has always been a very difficult person all her life. Very unhappy. I can never remember my mother being happy. [inhales deeply] And as she gets older, however she was as a young person, I find it s just now exaggerated and, uh… so, she s, uh, 83 and now very extremely negative, very extremely unhappy, and, uh… that has been hard for me… -[classical music playing] [audience cheering and applauding] [woman] Hello, audience. Thank you for coming. You are here because you want to laugh… and you want to forget about your problems. But I cannot allow it. You should not laugh. You should not forget about your problems. The world is not funny. -We are all dying. [audience laughing] The world is not funny. Twelve percent of the world s population does not have access to clean drinking water. The world is not funny. Guy Fieri owns two functioning restaurants. -[audience laughing and applauding] -The world is not funny. So then… now that we understand the context, now that we realize how terribly unfunny the world is… let s do this. -[organ music playing] -[audience cheering and applauding] [man] Entertainers are not here to help you. They are here to control you. -[audience continues cheering] -Never listen to them. Never give them what they want. And most importantly, never make some fucking noise! [audience cheers loudly] [hip-hop music playing] [audience continues cheering] -[bell dings] -[rapping] ? Ladies! ? ? Ladies, if you feel me Say, Hell, yeah! ? [all women] Hell, yeah! ? Fellas! Come on, fellas If you feel me, say, Hell, yeah! ? [all men] Hell, yeah! ? Virgins, if you haven t felt a person Say, Hell, yeah! ? [audience] Hell, yeah! ? If you can divide by zero Let me hear you say, Hell, yeah! ? [audience] Hell, yeah! -No, you can t. -[audience laughing] Mathematically impossible. Listen. Don t be Pavlovian. I m looking for actual answers here. Trying to gather information. Let s go. ? If you like drinking booze Let me hear you say, Hell, yeah! ? [audience] Hell, yeah! ? If you like smoking weed Let me hear you say, Hell, yeah! ? [audience] Hell, yeah! -Gotcha. Get these motherfuckers. -[police siren wailing] [officer 1] Get down on the ground! Get down on the ground! [Bo] Pot is ruining America. [officer 1] Where s the weed? Where s the weed? [officer 2] Yeah, we got a room full of potheads. We re gonna need backup. Over. Psych! ? If you don t give a fuck About the law ? ? Let me hear you say Fuck the police ? [audience] Fuck the police. ? If that seems oversimplified to you Let me hear you say ? ? It s a really tough job And they re doing their best ? ? If you know nothing about the conflict Between Israel and Palestine ? ? And thus feel super uncomfortable ? ? Weighing in on it Til you ve read about it ? ? Let me hear you say No comment ? [audience] No comment! Good call. I have no idea what s going on over there. What are they fighting about? They have similar hats. ? If you want to start the show ? ? Let me hear you say, Hell, yeah Come on ? [audience] Hell, yeah! ? If my name s Bo… ? -Whoops. -[audience laughing] I think you re done with this call and response shit. That s what I thought. If you want me to get introspective, -let s get introspective. -[soft music playing] [singing] ? I can t wrap my mind around Exactly why I m here ? ? I know you paid money I should be funny ? ? Other than that Don t know why I m here ? ? To make you laugh, right? That s only half-right ? ? Look at the world I don t know why I m here ? ? All this laughter can t Feed starving Africans ? ? I just hope I don t Get more from this than you do ? ? I would love to tell you That everything is fine ? ? You wanna be happy ? ? Well, get in line ? [rapping] ? Yeah, this is almost Musically incoherent at this point ? ? Y all ain t never seen a comedy show Like this in your fucking life ? ? And for good reason ? -? It gets old after a few minutes ? -[audience laughing] ? You ll see ? [audience cheering] ? Let s get this show going ? ? Let s get this show started Okay ? ? One, two, three, four ? -[music stops] -So I was at the dentist the other day… -[audience laughing and cheering] -Yeah. [audience applauding] And nothing funny happened, so I was like, Don t mention that on stage. I already fucked it up. -No, you fucking don t. -[audience laughing] You do not. Haters gonna hate, lovers gonna love. You need to reject both sides of the spectrum -to leave a… healthy middle. -[audience laughs] Stop participating. Not a participatory thing going on up here. Trying to immortalize something I ve worked on for a long time. Shut up! [chuckles] I have not… made my mind up about… masturbation. It s weird and I m torn. You know, cause on one hand, it feels good. [audience laughing and cheering] [applauding] [cheering] Did you not think I was gonna use it, idiots? -[audience laughing] -It s not a prop. It will be used intermittently. Guys… I ve got a lot of problems in my life. I wrote a song about some of the problems in my life. I hope that some of you can relate to it. Here we go. [playing slow song] ? Walking around I got no one to talk to ? ? There s everyone ? ? And then there s just me ? ? If I could change Don t you think that I d do it ? ? God only knows Why he cursed me to be ? ? A straight white man ? [audience laughing] ? I state my problems ? ? Other people roll their eyes ? ? Three trips to the mall ? ? Zero khakis in my size ? ? I ve never been the victim Of a random search for drugs ? ? But you can t say My life is easy ? ? Until you ve walked a mile in my Uggs ? [breath trembling] [audience laughing] ? Straight white man ? ? I know the road looks tough ahead ? ? The women want rights ? ? The gays want kids ? -What? -[audience laughing] ? Can t you just leave us alone? ? ? And also No to the things you asked for ? They re being greedy and they know it, okay? [mock sobs] ? Everyone thinks that I ve got it easy ? ? And just cause it s true ? ? Doesn t mean that it s right ? ? So pull up a chair ? ? And put down your pitchforks ? ? Give me a chance ? ? To show you what it is like ? ? To be a straight white man ? ? The churches never made me Feel ashamed of who I am ? ? But I get emails from Zappos That Gmail doesn t mark as spam ? ? My country s constitution Was handwritten by my race ? ? But my wife bought me The brand new iPhone ? ? With an iPod Touch s case ? [voice breaking] Case doesn t fit that phone. [audience laughing] ? Straight white man ? ? I know the road looks tough ahead ? ? The women want rights ? ? The blacks want Not to be called the blacks ? Sorry. ? Can t you just leave us alone? ? ? Also, no to the things you asked for ? ? No ? ? Straight white man ? ? I know the road looks tough ahead ? ? The women want rights ? ? The African Amer– ? It doesn t work with the rhythm. [audience laughs] ? We used to have all the money and land ? ? And we still do But it s not as fun now ? [audience cheering and applauding] -[softly] Thank you. -[audience cheering and applauding] If you were offended by that, it was ironic. Isn t that fun? I meant the whole opposite of it. White guys, it s easy to be a white guy. Yeah, white guy, we deserve a… cheer once in a while. Very easy to be a white guy. Very easy. But white guys get a lot of shit and it s not fair, cause we ve done a lot of things, you know? We invented a lot of stuff. White guys invented everything but peanut butter, I believe. That s what I was taught in school. Everything but peanut butter. Doesn t sound right, but the American educational system having a racial bias? No way, Joseph. Guys, white… white people are a little uncomfortable. We ll do a racial joke about the white people so you don t feel uncomfortable. White people, we like the same foods. Favorite sandwich, peanut butter and… -[audience] Jelly! -…jelly. -Macaroni and… -[audience] Cheese! Our favorite chips, salt and vi… -[audience] …negar! -Wow! -[audience laughing] -Who said it? Get the cameras on them. Your grandkids are gonna see this, know what a bigot their grandfather or grandmother were. Every non-white person, see who said that, find them after the show. Put the lights down. Their faces creep me out. [audience laughing] Guys, I m not perfect, okay? I don t use air quotes correctly, all right? But I am against double standards across the board. Why is it… that when a woman wears revealing clothing, she s labeled a slut, yet if I were to wear her skin as a jacket, I m a murderer? -What? -[audience laughing] If I fuck a kid, I m a pedophile, but if a kid fucks me, I m the pedophile again? Twice in a week? What is this? -[upbeat music playing] -[man] Hey, Bo. Do you want to sing a song with us? -Okay. -Great! -I don t know the words, though. -That s all right. -You ll figure it out. -All right! -Whoo! -? Hey, Bo, guess what? ? -What? -? You re a faggot ? -[music stops] -[audience laughing] [audience cheering and applauding] Wasn t clever, it was just mean. Bigoted. I apologize for that. So I was interrupted the other day while my– -[man] Hey, Bo. -Motherfucker. -You want to sing another song together? -I really don t. -Too bad. -God damn it. ? Hey, Bo, guess what? ? -I m a faggot. -Correct! It s not funny. ? You re a faggot, you re a faggot You re a fucking faggot ? ? You re a faggot, you re a fucking… ? Can you turn the lights off at least? ? You re a faggot, you re a faggot You re a fucking faggot… ? Is this funny to you people? Turn it off. Turn the track off! -[record scratches] -[music stops] -Why was it on a record player? -[audience laughing] You got a record player back there? You have hooked up a record player? You know, it s one thing to make that, but to press it onto vinyl is a whole other thing, all right? -It s gonna outlive me. -[audience applauding] Just to be clear, I wrote, conceived and executed the entirety of that bit. -Do not give those dumb fucks any credit. -[audience laughing] It s all me, baby. All me. Look at you people in the Abe Lincoln seats. Bam! Too late. Too late. How dare you make that joke so late? I m a big fan of hip-hop. ‘Cause I like words. I like poetry. And hip-hop feels like a way to condense a lot of those things into a short amount of time. There are artists that still do that. Uh… Yeah, Kendrick Lamar, very word-heavy, very poetic. But– -[audience cheers] -What are you doing? Look, this is my show. Do not veer credit to people outside this building. -[audience laughing] -[chuckles] Most… [chuckles] most… Hip-hop artists, for me, and it is for me, hip-hop, has traded in words and poetry for beat fetishism. It s where you make a sick beat and then you rap anything over it. And people lose their minds. I ll give you an example. Is there a sick beat back there for me? -[hip-hop beat playing] -Oh, shit! [rapping] ? I am not one of you ? ? I am not a human being ? ? You know what I am? ? ? I m a little teapot Short and stout ? ? Here is my handle Here is my spout ? ? When I get all steamed up Then I shout ? ? Sing it Tip me over and… ? -[audience] Pour me out! -Let s go. [man] ? Pour me out Pour me out ? ? Tip me over And pour me out ? ? nigga, pour me out ? ? Pour me out ? -? Tip me over and pour me out ? -Okay. ? Baa, baa, black sheep Have you any wool? ? ? Yes, sir, yes, sir, three bags full ? ? One for the master, one for the dame ? ? One for the little boy That s livin down the lane ? -? Baa ? -[man] ? Lives down the lane ? -? Whoo! ? -? Lives down the lane ? Why is there a young boy living alone down the lane? -Who signed this boy s lease? -[audience laughing] Am I the only one concerned for this little boy? Two examples is enough. -[music stops] -Okay, thank you. [audience cheering and applauding] A lesser comedian would have milked that for four verses. And a better comedian wouldn t have done it all. [chuckles] I m right in the sweet spot. These, uh… These cannons cost $200, just for that joke. I could give that money to a homeless person, make their day, and I don t do that very often. That is my first decision every morning. Not today. Nah. I ll do that tomorrow. Tomorrow comes and it s still today. Tomorrow s a relative term. We re not getting there. Makes Annie more depressing. [audience laughing and cheering] [woman cheers] -Fuck you. -[audience laughing] You don t know where I m going. Don t act like it. You are not ahead of me. I will retain the element of surprise. [exclaims] I m trying to work on my improv. My show is very planned, uh, to the word. -You know, to the gesture. -[spring sound effect] And I m trying to break out of that. I want to make something brand new for every show, that only a few people get to experience. -What s your name, man? -Rob. Rob? All right. I m gonna try to make up a song about Rob… [chuckles] off the top of my head. This might not work. Um, it s just… It s to keep me sharp, trying to… I m stalling, trying to think of rhymes for Rob. It s not fair. Okay. Song about Rob. Hit the track. [upbeat music playing] Fuck. [man] ? Bo had sex with… ? -? Rob s… ? -? Mom ? ? Bo had sex with… ? -? Rob s… ? -? Mom ? Bo, I heard you had sex with older woman last night. I did. -What s her son s name? -Rob, he s right there. -I fucked his mother. -? Bo had sex with… ? -? Rob s… ? -? Mom ? ? Bo had sex with… ? -? Rob s… ? -? Mom ? ? I fucked her for an hour Then left when I was done ? ? ‘Cause fucking is her game And Rob is her son ? -[music stops] -Did we plan that? We did not plan that. -[audience cheering and applauding] -How does he do it? How does he pretend to do it? How does he remain contrived? I m not… I m not honest for a second up here! Honesty is for the birds, baby. You want an honest comedian, go see the rest of them, all right? This thing actually happened. -Cool. -[audience laughing] [man in audience] Whoo! [Bo] Boy, oh, boy. Any big fans of country music out there? -[audience cheering] -Yeah. Ooh, some people extending my name. Boo, that s also approval. -Uh, I think… -[audience laughing] I think country music… gets a bad rep. You know, why is it that when Bruce Springsteen sings about a fucking turnpike it is art, and then when someone sings about a horse, it s dumb inherently? I don t think… [scoffs] I think some of the greatest songwriters of all time are country artists. Dolly Parton, Willie Nelson… You know? And if you re writing honestly, that is art. And I would never bash that. Um, the problem is… with a lot of modern country music, what is called stadium country music, the sort of Keith Urban brand of country music, is that it is not honest. -It is the exact opposite of honest. -[country music playing] Where instead of people actually telling their stories, you got a bunch of millionaire metrosexuals who ve never done a hard day s work in their life, but they figured out the words and the phrases they can use to pander to their audience, and they list the same words and phrases off, sort of mad-lib style in every song, raking in millions of dollars from actual working-class people. You know the words. You know the phrases. Phrases like… ? A dirt road, a cold beer ? ? A blue jeans, a red pickup ? ? A rural noun, simple adjective ? [audience laughing] ? No shoes, no shirt ? ? No Jews You didn t hear that ? [audience laughing] Sort of a mental typo. ? I walk and talk like a field hand ? ? But the boots I m wearing Cost three grand ? ? I write songs about riding tractors ? ? From the comfort of a private jet ? ? I could sing in Mandarin ? ? You d still know I m pandering ? ? Hunting deer, chasing trout ? ? A Bud Light with the logo facing out ? ? Hear that subtle mandolin ? ? That s textbook pandering ? ? I own a private ranch That I rarely use ? I don t like dirt. One verse, one chorus in the bag. Now it s time to talk to the ladies. I m hoping my Southern charm offsets all these rape-y vibes I m putting out. ? Good girl in a straw hat ? ? With her arms out in a cornfield ? ? That is a scarecrow ? Thought it was a human woman. Sorry. ? A cold night, a cold beer ? ? A cold jeans Strike that last one ? ? I m wanting you I hope you re feeling me ? Subtextually. ? We go to bed You doze off ? ? So I take your country girl Clothes off ? ? I put my hands on your body ? ? It feels like hay It s a fucking scarecrow again ? ? Like Mike s Evander-ing ? ? Fuck your ears, I m pandering ? ? I write songs for the people who do ? ? Jobs in the towns That I d never move to ? ? Legalize gerrymandering ? ? Tolerate my pandering ? ? You got a beautiful mouth ? ? I got a beautiful… ? Y all dumb motherfuckers want a key change? ? Thematically meandering ? ? Emphatically pandering ? ? I got a tight grip on my demo s balls ? ? Say the word truck They jizz in their overalls ? ? You don t know what land you re in ? ? I m in the land of pandering ? ? And I ll be upfront ? ? I do what I do ‘Cause I m a total fucking country boy ? [audience cheering] [music stops] You know, like, that genre. -[audience laughing] They re lying to you. That s all. They re lying… Entertainers, they are lying and they are manipulating you. And it s not in a good way. It s like advertising. You deserve better. I m not saying I m it, but I m the guy that says you deserve better. You go get better. You say, Thank you, weird man. Bye. Anyone watch celebrity lip-syncing on The Tonight Show, you know? -[audience cheering] -It s the end of culture. Culture s over, everybody. We lost. This is entertainment. How is this entertainment? People we ve seen too much of mouthing along to songs we ve heard too much of. And this the bread and butter of American television. And it s always one of two things on celebrity lip-syncing. It s either a male celebrity lip-syncing to a woman s song… [laughs] But he s not… Or it s a rich, young white actress ironically lip-syncing to a hip-hop song. [laughs] [rapping] ? Fuck the police Coming straight from the underground ? Can you believe this song was once an honest articulation of class struggle? [laughs] Fuck these people. How dare they think that them fucking around is worthy of your attention? Them playing Pictionary? Your attention s a valuable thing. I worked for three years to get it for an hour. And I barely get there. [silence] -See? -[audience laughing] [exhales] I saw a gorgeous… dick. I was in the public restroom. Some guys might be like me. I cannot use a urinal when there s a guy beside me. I freeze up. So I have to use the stalls. In this case, all the stalls were taken. I had to use a urinal. There was a guy beside me. I took a little look. You re not picturing this. All right. [dramatic music playing] -[angelic vocalization] -[audience laughing] The bit is over. I m not talking into his dick now. I didn t rip off his dick. And I m now not talking into a severed dick. The show is a series of discrete bits. That one s over. God, if you don t get that… -[pounds piano keys] -[blows raspberry] Reset the momentum. I cannot be coasting off the inertia of past jokes. -[playing slow song] -[audience laughing] Need to earn it. Every bit should come out of a vacuum, eh? We all want love. How many single ladies out there looking for love tonight? [women in audience] Whoo! -Yeah. Whoo that sadness out. -[audience laughing] There s more where that came from. Ladies, I know what you want. Want. Want. ? You want a guy that s sweet A guy that s tough ? ? A feminist who likes to pay for stuff ? ? The kinda guy that gets Along with your friends ? ? Without being attracted to any of them ? ? A good boy, a bad boy, a good bad boy ? ? A half-good, half-bad half-boy ? ? Loves your brother Sensitive but not weak ? ? And is a great lover Calls your mother on the weekend ? ? Though you might think That this guy only exists in your mind ? ? But guess what? ? ? You re right ? ? If you want love ? ? Lower your expectations a few ? ? Because Prince Charming Would never settle for you ? ? If you want love ? ? Just pick a guy and love him ? ? And if he s got a thing for feet ? ? Say fuck it, sweep me off them ? Now… the good thing is that, uh… At least men have very realistic expectations for women… he said, sarcastically setting up a second verse in a comedy song. ? You want a girl that s nice A girl that s not ? ? Obsessed with her looks But is insanely hot ? ? The kind of girl that you can Show to your folks ? ? Loves the movies that you like And always laughs at your jokes ? ? A real girl, a hot girl, A really hot girl ? ? A brand new really hot real doll ? ? Wants to impress you Doesn t care if you notice ? ? And only ever uses you To tickle her throat with ? ? Though you might think that this girl Only exists in your mind ? ? But she s real But last week, she died ? ? If you want love ? ? Lower your expectations a lot ? ? You might think your dick is a gift I promise it s not ? -[women in audience cheering] -? If you want love ? ? Just pick a girl and love her ? ? Then whip out your dick and Let the girl you love decline the offer ? ? I don t want a neat freak I don t want a slob ? ? Somebody with bedhead And a dead-end job ? ? ‘Cause I won t settle for less ? ? Than perfect ? ? We want perfect children A perfect life ? ? Perfect husband or a perfect wife ? ? But deep down, we know ? ? We don t deserve it ? [audience laughing] ? But ? ? We all deserve love ? ? Even on the days When we aren t our best ? ? ‘Cause we all suck ? ? But love can make us suck less ? ? We all deserve love ? ? It s the very best part of being alive ? ? And I would know I just turned 25 ? [audience cheering] That s young. [dramatic music playing] -[farts] -[audience laughing and applauding] Original does not mean good. Anyone can do anything. Don t let me off the hook too easy. ? War, huh, good God, y all ? ? What is it good for? ? ? Increasing domestic manufacturing ? -All right. Uh… -[audience cheering] I don t want to get political cause I only know my own ideas of other people s ideas. We just played in Alabama. They just like the lights. -I didn t even need to do jokes. -[audience laughing] Motherfucker s got moving candles. No, not quite. [clicks tongue] Alabama was actually nice. You re elitist pricks. -[audience cheering] -Isn t that fun? [scoffs] -[audience laughing] -Yeah, you like that. -[dramatic music playing] -[man] And now… what making a peanut butter and jelly sandwich feels like when you re high on marijuana. [suspenseful music playing] [inaudible] -[music stops] -[audience cheering and applauding] [dramatic music playing] [man] And now… what making a peanut butter and jelly sandwich feels like… when you re shit-faced. [slow rock music plays] [inaudible] -[music stops, door opens] -[woman] Hey, baby, I m home. -[door closes] -[keys jangling] -Honey, you okay? What s wrong? -[inaudible] [stutters] Are you drunk? Have you been… You ve been drinking, haven t you? You ve been fuck… You re fucking wasted, aren t… -[inaudible] -I can t hear you. Speak into the microphone. I m not. [woman] What s behind your back? What re you holding behind your back? -Itching. -Just… -Just don t be– -Itchy back. What is… what re you hiding behind your back? Just show me. It s a jar of peanut butter, all right? Sue me. [woman] That s mayonnaise. That is a jar of mayonnaise. That is not peanut butter. Why are you holding a jar of mayonnaise? Why are you holding a jar of mayonnaise? I m not holding a jar of mayonnaise. -Touché, bitch. -You know what? I am fucking done with this shit, okay? I had to get up at 5:00 a.m. -I had to be at work at 6:00. -[plays piano keys] I had an exhausting day. I just wanna come home, unwind, relax, and I come home to a mess that I have to clean up– -[stutters] I ll clean it up. -No, no! I will have to clean it up. Because you ll make it worse if you try to, okay? -Yeah. -You know what? I m fucking done with this. -Are you? -You are so immature. -She s done. -I cannot leave you alone without you getting shit-faced. This is what I deal with Monday through… -Monday. -Who are you talking to right now? You just gestured to the sink. -What does that mean? -There s an audience full of people. Okay, you know what? This bit is getting a little too weird and meta. Okay, we re done with it. I agree. Where s that going? Sometimes you don t write an end to a bit, so you skip it. Before they know it, you re on to the next thing. Guys, I was at the store recently. -[scattered cheers] -And, uh, no, I will save you time. I bought something. -[audience cheering] -No, no, no, no. No. Sit in silence. Do you guys know what continuity errors are? It s where in one shot something s one way, in another shot it s another way. You know those things? -Anyway… -[audience laughing] [man] This comedy performance is brought to you in part by… -Sorry about this. -…Flamin Hot Cheetos. [rock music playing] -[man] ? Flamin Hot Cheetos ? ? They re like regular Cheetos But they re flamin hot ? ? Normal Cheetos are for pussies ? ? But Flamin Cheetos are not ? ? For pussies, that is ? They re not sponsoring me. I m just trying to get them to. -[audience laughing and applauding] -They re not returning my calls. Evasively cheesy is more like it. Mmm. Label-less water. Nothing tastes better than not getting sued. I, uh… I don t love my fans. I have to be… I don t. You don t want that… You don t want that desperate, sort of cloying thing from an entertainer. My fans, oh, they stick with me through everything, through thick and thin. Do not stick with me through thick. If I stop entertaining you, throw me to the curb. You wouldn t stick with your mechanic if he stopped fixing your car. I m in a service industry. I m just overpaid, okay? [audience laughing] And a lot of… I feel a lot of artists, pop artists especially, sort of infringe upon… responsibilities that just aren t theirs, in terms of their audience, maintaining their audience at an emotional level. Some of you might be sad and going through things. I feel for that. Life is tough. I m not gonna fix that with a song. Like Brave or Roar. You know these inspirational… What I m trying to say… is don t listen to a song… like this. – [playing upbeat song] -? Have you ever felt sad or lonely? ? ? Have you even felt two feet tall? ? ? Have you ever thought ? ? Man, if only I was anybody else at all ? ? ? They like to kick you When times get rough ? ? Then you give your all But it s not enough ? ? And sticks and stones Might break your bones ? ? But words can break your heart ? ? But if you don t know where to go ? ? I ll show you where to start ? -? Kill yourself ? -[audience laughing] ? It will only take a minute And you ll be happy that you did it ? ? Just go over to your oven And shove your head in it ? ? Kill yourself ? ? Really, you should do it There s really nothing to it ? ? Just grab a mug And chug a cup of lighter fluid ? Okay. Now… -[audience laughing] -I feel like you pulled back. -[audience laughing] Maybe it s on account of the fact that I m telling you to kill yourself over and over again. I m just trying to make a simple point. That these… That life s toughest problems don t have simple answers. You shouldn t just be brave. You shouldn t just roar. You shouldn t kill yourself. But I understand that… it s a sensitive subject and you re probably just hearing me say that. And I ve dealt with… I don t want to be… Look. ? I sound un-empathetic ? ? I sound mean and rude ? ? Suicide is an epidemic ? ? And I don t want to be misconstrued ? ? Signs of depression go overlooked ? ? So if you re depressed ? ? Then you need to book A therapy session ? ? Talk about your depression ? ? And let a professional hear it ? ? But if you search for moral wisdom ? ? In Katy Perry s lyrics, then ? -? Kill yourself ? -[audience cheering] ? It won t be painful If you are able ? ? To give a little kiss To an oncoming train ? ? You ll kill yourself ? ? It s over, mull it ? ? There s a trigger, pull it ? ? Get it through your head It being a bullet ? ? Stick your tongue in a plug ? ? Suck a pipe of exhaust ? ? Make some toast in the tub ? ? Nail yourself to a cross ? ? Hold your breath til it s gone ? ? Drink a gallon of Mace ? ? Be gay in Iran ? -? Let Oprah sit on your face ? -[audience laughing] ? Jump off of a bridge ? ? Skinny dip in a flood ? ? Skydive attached to a fridge ? ? Drink a Haitian guy s blood ? ? Break into the zoo ? ? Give the tiger a shove ? ? Eat a Phillips-head screw ? -? Marry Courtney Love ? -[audience laughing and cheering] Sorry. -Don t kill yourself. -[audience laughing] I don t like explaining jokes that… The joke where I tell everyone to kill themselves -might deserve an explanation. Do not! -[audience laughing] And if you re offended, do not write a blog. I apologize immediately. Sorry! Right away! -[woman shouts indistinctly] -[man] Whoo! What s that, ma am? What did you say? This is your moment. Who said it? [audience laughing] Do not objectify me, okay? You think it s okay just cause I m a dude? You think it s okay cause he s a dude? That is homophobia. Just the fact that you find it funny. Ooh, a guy said take off your pants. That s not God s way. [laughs mockingly] Jesus Christ, you bigots. I, uh… Show s been pretty rock and roll so far. You know, I know it. -And I… -[audience cheering] I d love to keep it going, but life is not always rock and roll. I m not gonna keep life out of my show. I went through a pretty rough… [chuckles] uh, breakup recently. It was a long time coming. Uh, we had a lot of conversations about it, she and I. But recently we had the conversation… It wasn t recent, but I remember it like it was yesterday, you know? -[piano playing] -She came out of the shower, her hair wet, her shoulders wet. -It was a shower. It s water. -[audience laughing] She turned to me and she said it… She said… [singing] ? It s over ? ? We shouldn t fight to stay together Just to fight again ? ? It s over We re unhappy ? ? We need to take a break From us to make us right again ? ? And even though it s not gonna go Any further ? ? I swear I don t regret a second of it ? ? And when the dust has settled ? ? I hope we can still be friends ? Then I said… -[rapping] ? Eat a dick ? -[hip-hop music playing] ? Eat a dick ? ? Eat a fucking dick, like this ? ? Put on your dick-eating gloves ? ? Get ready to gobble a dick up ? ? If you don t like this dick sitch ? ? Eat a dick, bitch ? -[piano playing] – [audience cheering and applauding] I think I made the right decision. [singing] ? Okay, you re angry ? ? I can see that ? ? But you don t need to make this harder Than it has to be ? ? I try to speak to you ? ? But you won t listen– ? [rapping] ? Eat a dick ? [singing] ? Hold on Please just let me– ? [rapping] ? Eat a dick ? Oh, my God. [singing] ? Honestly, are you fucking five? ? ? I am trying to talk this out ? ? You refuse to even listen to me ? [stutters] I m saying how I m feeling, okay? And then you re saying… eat a dick over and over again. Does that seem mature to you? [rapping] ? No, it doesn t But see, I think the issue is ? ? I ve got my father s temper ? ? And I m emotionally inarticulate ? ? So rather than being honest And vulnerable ? ? I did a quick switch Because I m hurting inside ? ? And I m trying to hide it So eat a dick, man ? [sobbing] [voice breaking] I thought we had a future together, you fucking whore. [singing] ? I didn t think You d cry for me ? ? I didn t think you cared ? ? I thought you were Lashing out in anger ? ? But now I see you re scared ? ? I m scared, too ? ? Maybe we can work this out ? ? And not break up ? [gasps] Really? [rapping] ? No, lick my clit ? ? Lick my motherfucking clit ? ? You think three lousy tears ? ? Offsets three years of shit? ? ? I deserve better than you ? ? Get me wetter, then screw ? ? Sorry you re not what I need, hun ? ? Lick this clit then leave, son ? -[music stops] [audience cheering] Hey, if you guys are having a good time, make some silence. -[silence] -Cool. -[audience laughing] -Uh… What s this show about? What am I talking about, you know? To… to summarize the show, though… Me! Me! Me! But… if you take one thing away from my show… I hope it s a T-shirt. We re selling them out there. This is all a front for the brand. But what is this show about? What do you think, industrial piping? -[air hissing] -Close. -[air hissing] -Stay out of it. [audience laughing] It s about… Mute this. -But for real, what is it about? -[audience laughing] It s about… performing… -I try to… -[person whistling] …make my show about other things, but it always ends up becoming about performing. I started performing very young, as a teenager, you know, professionally. And as a comedian, what you re supposed to do… You re supposed to talk about what you know. And what I knew always was performing. So to talk about… [chuckles] traffic or laundry felt incredibly disingenuous. But I worried that making a show about performing would be too meta. It wouldn t be relatable to people that aren t performers. But what I found is that I don t think anyone isn t. Could we get the house lights up for a second? And could you… Let the lights on stage… Let the artifice fade away. -Now we re all the same. -[scattered cheers] -I mean, you re all facing this way still. [audience laughs] You know, I look out at… I look out at you and, um… It s a very diverse crowd. I mean, more European than I would ve hoped, but… we ll get there. If I look at the young people… You know, and I feel like… I was born in 1990 and I was sort of raised in America when it was a cult of self-expression. And I was just taught, you know, express myself and have things to say and everyone will care about them. And I think everyone was taught that and most of us found out no one gives a shit what we think. So we flock to performers by the thousands cause we re the few that have found an audience. And then I m supposed to get up here and say, Follow your dreams, as if this is a meritocracy? It is not, okay? I had a privileged life and I got lucky and I m unhappy. [audience laughing] They say it s… it s like the me generation. It s not. It s not… [stammers] The arrogance is taught or it was cultivated. It s… it s self-conscious. That s what it is. It s the… It s conscious of self… [stammers] Social media… it s just the market s answer to a generation that demanded to perform. So the market said, Here, perform everything to each other all the time for no reason. It s prison, it s horrific. It is performer and audience melded together. What do we want more than to lie in our bed at the end of the day and just watch our life as a satisfied audience member? I know very little about anything, but what I do know is that if you can live your life without an audience… you should do it. And now you re thinking… How the fuck are you gonna dig the show out of this weird hole? Oh, you want me to be funny and make a point? Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. -Batman. So… how do we do it? -[audience laughing] [cheering] We do it like this. I went to Kanye West s recent tour, the Yeezus Tour. It was a big, dramatic, theatrical show. He did something very strange at the end of his show where he ranted… for, like, 20 minutes. It was kind of a rant, kind of a song. He had auto-tune on his voice and there was an instrumental in the background… -[instrumental music playing] -…like this instrumental. He talked about his problems… race… power. His $90 T-shirts weren t selling very well. That was most of it. And I watched this. I thought maybe I could do this. I ll be honest, my problems are not as high-stakes as Kanye s, but I have problems. And maybe a crowd in New York would be nice enough to indulge me. So as we get to the end of a night of theater… and comedy and sweaters coming on and off, I got one question for you… And that question is… [with auto-tune] ? Can I say my shit, New York? ? ? Can I say my shit? ? ? I got lots of shit to say ? ? I got lots of shit to say ? [vocalizing] [audience cheering] ? I can t fit my hand Inside a Pringle can ? ? I have a huge amount of trouble Fitting my hand inside of a Pringle can ? ? I can get my hand Like four inches into the can ? ? But then I have to tilt the can Into my mouth ? ? But by that point a bunch of crumbs have Accumulated at the bottom of the can ? ? So they all go Spilling onto my face ? ? What I m trying to say Is the diameter of Pringle cans ? ? Is way too small ? ? I ll say it again ? ? The diameter of Pringle cans Is way too small ? ? Two radiuses of a Pringle can Is way too small ? ? If you feel me Put your hands up ? ? Come on ? ? If you feel me Put your hands up ? [audience cheering] ? Look at all these hands That are way too big ? ? To fit inside a Pringle can ? ? Your hands are too big To fit inside of Pringle cans ? ? Your hands are too big To fit inside a Pringle can ? ? You think you can ? ? I know you can t You think you can ? ? Pringles, listen to the people ? ? I m sure 90% Of the complaint letters you get ? ? Are about the width of your cans ? Just… make em wider. [audience laughing] I ve overdone the Pringles thing. Sorry. ? I wanna have a daughter ? ? Wanna have a daughter ? ? So I can finally have Someone around the house ? ? Who can fit their hands In a Pringle can ? ? Yes, I m still On the Pringle cans thing ? Yeah. I ll… I ll move on, all right? ? But that is priority numero uno ? ? I don t go to the gym ? ? ‘Cause I m self-conscious About my body ? [echoing] ? …body… ? ? But I m self-conscious About my body ? ? ‘Cause I don t go to the gym ? ? Irony can be so painful ? ? That s a catch-22 ? [vocalizing] ? Let s do this ? ? I went to Chipotle ? ? Went to Chipotle ? ? Got myself a chicken burrito ? -[trills] -[audience laughs] ? I went down the line I got, like, all these ingredients ? ? And then at the end of the line The guy tried to wrap the burrito ? ? But half of the shit Inside the burrito spilled out ? ? He still wrapped it ? ? I was, like Dude, you should have warned me ? ? You re a burrito expert ? ? You should have told me Halfway through ? ? ‘Hey, man, you might be reaching Maximum burrito capacity here ? ? Do you think I want a messy burrito? ? ? No one wants a messy burrito ? ? The whole appeal of a burrito Is that all of the ingredients ? ? Are contained Within the confines of the tortilla ? ? I wouldn t have gotten half this shit ? ? If I knew it wasn t gonna fit In the burrito, all right? Look… ? ? I wouldn t have got the lettuce If I knew it wouldn t fit ? ? Wouldn t have got the cheese If I knew it wouldn t fit ? ? Wouldn t have got the peppers If I knew they wouldn t fit ? ? I wouldn t have got Half of it ? ? Like, I m okay with small mistakes ? ? If you got no more chicken I ll take pork ? ? But I ll blow my dad Before I eat a burrito with a fork ? ? I wouldn t have got the lettuce If I knew it wouldn t fit ? ? Wouldn t have got the cheese If I knew it wouldn t fit ? ? Wouldn t have got the peppers If I knew they wouldn t fit ? ? Man, I wouldn t have got Half of it, like ? ? Half of it, like Half of it, like ? ? Half of it, like Half of it ? ? Right now, I think it s time ? ? I think it s time That we break it down ? [audience cheering and applauding] [vocalizing] [babbles] [audience laughing] ? I can sit here and pretend ? ? Like my biggest problems Are Pringle cans ? [sighs] ? And burritos ? ? The truth is My biggest problem s you ? ? I wanna please you ? ? But I wanna stay true to myself ? ? I wanna give you the night out That you deserve ? ? But I wanna sing what I think ? ? And not care What you think about it ? ? A part of me loves you ? ? A part of me hates you ? ? A part of me needs you ? ? A part of me fears you ? ? And I don t think That I can handle this right now ? ? Handle this right now ? ? I don t think That I can handle this right now ? ? I don t think That I can handle this right now ? ? I don t think That I can handle this right ? ? I don t think That I can handle this right ? ? Look at them They re just staring at me ? ? Like, Come and watch The skinny kid ? ? With a steadily declining Mental health ? ? And laugh as he attempts to give you What he cannot give himself ? ? I don t think That I can handle this right ? ? I don t think That I can handle this right ? ? But they don t even know The half of this right ? ? But they don t even know The half of it ? ? But I know I m not a doctor ? ? I m a pussy I put on a silly show ? ? I should probably just shut up ? ? And do my job So here I go ? ? I wouldn t have got the lettuce If I knew it wouldn t fit ? ? Wouldn t have got the cheese If I knew it wouldn t fit ? ? Wouldn t have got the peppers If I knew they wouldn t fit ? ? I wouldn t have got half ? ? You can tell them anything ? ? If you just make it funny Make it rhyme ? ? And if they still don t understand you ? ? Then you ll run it one more time ? ? I don t think That I can handle this right ? ? Oh! ? ? Handle this right ? ? Oh! ? ? Handle this right ? ? But you don t even know The half of this right now ? ? Right now ? ? Ha! ? ? Now ? ? Handle this right Handle this right ? ? Handle this right now ? Thank you. Good night. I hope you re happy. [audience cheering and applauding] [microphone thuds] [cheering stops] Oh, good, it s just us. [playing piano] ? Now the show is done ? ? I hope that you had gut trembling Or something resembling fun ? ? And if you watch this thing alone ? ? You probably didn t laugh ? ? But maybe a few times You exhaled out of your nose ? [exhales] ? But if you hated it, that s fair ? ? But either way ? ? Could you find a little more time For a parting questionnaire? ? ? On a scale from one to zero ? ? Are you happy? ? ? ‘Cause you re on your own from here ? ? So, are you happy? ? ? I m open to suggestions ? ? Are you happy? ? ? But what the fuck kind of question is Am I happy? ? ? I really wanna try to get happy And I think that I could get it ? ? If I didn t always panic Every time I m unhappy in life ? ? I m owed some life Where I m always, like, happy ? ? Which is stupid cause I wouldn t even want it if I got it ? ? Wait, oh, God, my dad was right ? ? So if you know Or ever knew how ? ? To be happy ? ? On a scale from one to two now ? ? Are you happy? ? ? You re everything you hated ? ? Are you happy? ? ? Hey, look, Ma I made it ? ? Are you happy? ? [instrumental music playing]

LEWIS BLACK@BLACK TO THE FUTURE@2016@ANNOUNCER: Ladies and gentlemen, please put your hands together for the one and only, Mr. Lewis Black! [APPLAUSE] A survey from Public Policy Polling revealed recently that 13% of potential voters would prefer to have a giant meteor crash into the Earth and destroy civilization than to see either Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump in the White House. [CHEERING AND APPLAUSE] Thank you… and good night. Seriously, what– what need more be said? Thirteen percent. That s not a small amount of people. That s a lot of people saying, [expletive] kill me. This has been the longest election cycle of my lifetime, and it began, I believe, sometime during the middle of World War II. I truly believe that by the time we actually have to vote, I will be unable to make it to the door. I will have been sapped of my will to live. The only good thing that has come out of this election cycle, quite honestly, is that it has made time seem longer. [APPLAUSE] I ve been noting with interest the fact that really none of the candidates, none who ran, and the two that are now really left standing, and none of our leaders, have any concept whatsoever of what to do about ISIS, and let me just say, oddly enough, I do. [LAUGHTER] I know it would seem strange that I, someone of a limited military background… would understand this, and let s note that I had three years of service in the Cub Scouts. I did three USO tours: Iraq and Afghanistan during Christmas, and I learned a great deal from that. Twenty-one days, I know more than any of these people. Many of them– many of them have said that we must bomb ISIS back to the Stone Age. Obviously, they have never spent time there. I ve been to Ramadi, I ve been in Fallujah. They are… already in the Stone Age. What are you gonna do? Bomb them until they re dinosaurs? I realized what to do when the blizzard last year was coming to New York City. And just as a side note, when a blizzard or a hurricane is coming to anywhere in the United States, every weather person must be given a rabies shot. [LAUGHTER] These [expletive], they re out of control! Seriously! It s not a blizzard and an asteroid shower, asshole! It s snow! It hits your hand. It melts. So, as the blizzard was coming, and throughout the entire winter, I took note of the fact that there was no mention of ISIS whatsoever. They disappeared. And it was then that I realized that ISIS is afraid of snow. [LAUGHTER, APPLAUSE] So I feel, as winter comes, and the snows form, that we get out there and shovel them, and we get them as quickly as we can to every Air Force base possible, and we bomb the shit out of them with snow. Because even in Atlanta, they don t know how to drive in the snow. [APPLAUSE] To be honest, having spent this year watching what s going on, I have no idea what my– um, my job is anymore. Everyone in this room already has 30 Trump jokes that are probably better than any one that I thought of. What the [expletive] do you need me for? I should have just come out and gone, Tada! I ve always felt that my job was to be truly crazier than what I see. That s what differentiates me from other comics, that I am crazier than what I see. Ballgame s over. [LAUGHTER, APPLAUSE] The first inkling I had of this was when I, um… I heard Ben Carson speak for the first time. When you re listening to someone, and as you listen to them, you begin to think, Did I take a drug? Something s wrong. But I believe we have something to learn from Ben Carson, especially those of you who work in an office. There s probably a douche bag you re working with, your boss is, no doubt, a prick, and you wanna say something to them. All you have to do, in order to get across what it is you wanna say, is to speak as Ben Carson does. And by this… [SOFTLY] I mean, you speak as softly as you possibly can, and yet, still be heard, so that the person listening to you must use an inordinate amount of energy just to hear the words coming out of your mouth, and as you do that, speak as slowly as you possibly can, as if each and every word was being formed in your brain for the very first time. And be sure that your eyes are two-thirds closed… [LAUGHTER] …so that you resemble a lizard sunning itself on the rock. And if you do that, you can say any batshit thing you want to anyone, as Ben Carson did when he said… It s amateurs who built the ark, but it was professionals who built the Titanic. [APPLAUSE] He said that! In front of a lot of people. And no one came up to him and said, Ben, you ll have to come with us now. [APPLAUSE] Another thing you must do, is as you re speaking, you be sure that your hands are moving in a way that has nothing to do with what you re saying at all. Not a god damn thing. Be sure that they re moving in a way like, this is a nice way to do it. Because the person listening to you won t hear what you re saying, because they ll be thinking, Wow, what a great aquarium. And when you wanna make your final point, do as Ben does, and as he did, when he– Be sure that your hands move opposite to the meaning of the words, such as, We must raise the middle class by lowering their taxes. [APPLAUSE] The turning point came for me when I turned on the television one morning, and on the screen, on CNN– and let me just say, it is absolutely vital for every American to watch CNN for five minutes a day. Why? Because it ll give you a good idea of what it s gonna be like when you have a stroke. [LAUGHTER] It ll just be two people mumbling. [MUMBLING NOISE] And the crawl will be going, Wake up! Wake up! Wake up! There, on the screen, was Donald Trump, in the background. In the foreground, was Sarah Palin at the microphone. And I thought, How… am I… supposed to make this funnier? How do you satirize what is already satiric? I realized that we were now living at the intersection of reality and satire. We are living, I believe, in fictional times. And by that, I mean that if you took the reality that we ve been living through for a year, and put that in a book, you d read that book, and you d go, Son of a bitch! Great book! And then she spoke. [LAUGHTER] Took my breath away. I was clueless. After just a few seconds, I wondered, Maybe she s talking to another species. Or trying to guide aliens to come here and save us. It made no [expletive] sense at all. The longer I listened, the worse it got. And then, that weekend, on Saturday Night Live, Tina Fey came on and did her brilliant Sarah Palin, and they performed, really, the news conference that I saw, and Tina Fey used about 85% of what Sarah Palin actually said. Her writers [SPUTTERS] didn t have to work! And I thought, My job is done. [LAUGHTER] I am thrilled to announce that I am moving on. I really discovered that what my next job would be– it came to me last, well, last Black Friday. And it was at that point in time they announced that there were more gun background checks done on that day than in the history of the country. More guns were purchased than had been in a long, long time. And when I saw this, I realized… that if Christians were buying weaponry as gifts for their loved ones in order to celebrate the birth of Jesus Christ, their lord and savior, then I, a Jew, knew a money-maker when I saw one. [APPLAUSE] And so I m thrilled to announce that I have found an economically distressed area in Alabama, and I will be able to help them out, because it will be there that I will be opening Jewey Jewey s Gun Store. [LAUGHTER] I could not be happier. This is gonna be a tourist destination. I mean it, cause just– just, if I just had Jewey Jew s alone, people from around the world and the United States would flock there. Son of a bitch! they d cry out, I gotta get to Alabama and see who Jewey Jew is! Next door, I will be opening a theater where my friend John Bowman will be performing The Hank Williams Story. Next door to that will be an Irish pub, which is gonna be run by Kathleen Madigan, a very funny comic, who also needs to be around alcohol 24/7 or her hands start to shake. I plan to build a giant Ferris wheel, the biggest Ferris wheel in the world. Why? Cause Jewey Jew wants a Ferris wheel! And mounted at every seat will be a machine gun. Because you never know when a plane is gonna attack you when you re on a Ferris wheel. Better safe than sorry, assholes! Ha ha ha! [APPLAUSE] And in the back, I ll have a casino. Do we really need another casino? You re [expletive] right we do. What makes my casino different is when you hit the jackpot, Jewey Jew himself will bring you two six-guns, and you can fire em in the air. I know it may seem strange to many of you that I would choose to open a gun store, but to be honest, the NRA, after years and years, has finally gotten to me. ‘Cause they– they really taught me that… well… guns don t kill people. Mentally ill people with guns kill people, and if we all had enough guns, we could kill all the mentally ill people. It was, after Sandy Hook, oddly enough, the NRA that pointed out to the American people, we have a problem with mental illness. And whenever I think about the problem of mental illness, the first people that I wanna talk with are the good folks at the NRA. Their work in the field of mental illness is, as we all know, legendary! We do have to deal with mental illness, and we re not gonna. We re not. Part of the reason we re not is cause 40% of the American people don t think there is such a thing as mental illness, do they? Mm-mmm. That s 40%, and… and I just made that number up. I made that number up because I ve watched politicians for the whole year making numbers up every [expletive] day, and they re not supposed to be making numbers up. I m a comic. I m supposed to make shit up! My generation is the problem here, because my generation was born and raised with no knowledge whatsoever of mental illness. None! We didn t know anything about it. You know, unless you had a family member who was mentally ill, and then if there was someone in the neighborhood who was mentally ill, they were hidden from the rest of the neighborhood, because people were ashamed of it. So, nobody, nobody knew– unless, okay, all right, the only time you heard about mental illness is if there was somebody with 16 personalities. You know, that person who could play canasta by themselves. By the time I got to college, it was no different. None. None whatsoever. By the time I got to college, I took a course in psych one, and all I learned from that is that a pigeon will smash its face against something in order to get a [expletive] pellet of food. You would think that even if we didn t know about it, and what was up with mental illness in terms of dealing with it, that the National Institute of Mental Health would. But even by 200-[expletive]-3, they funded 16 studies to find out how a pigeon thinks. They funded one study about post-partum psychosis. Sixteen studies to find out how a pigeon thinks? They could have called any [expletive] New Yorker. [LAUGHTER] We coulda told them: I gotta shit, I gotta shit, I gotta shit! No, I gotta shit! I can t believe I m still shitting! I thought I d stopped shitting, no, I m still shitting! French fry! [APPLAUSE] I believe that we all learned about mental illness the same way that I did. I think we did that through dating. [LAUGHTER] Come on, this is New York. I truly expected a bigger laugh there. [LOUDER LAUGHTER] Everybody in this room has been out with somebody, and on that third date, was sitting there going, Oh my God! They re talking to a sock puppet! I truly believe that now that the gays have come out of the closet, that the next group that has to come out of the closet are the mentally ill. But, they re mentally ill, so they don t know where the door handle is. So we re gonna have to open the door for them. [APPLAUSE] We used to have places that dealt with mental illness throughout the country until the early 80s. There were mental institutions throughout the entire country. These institutions took care of those who truly were the illest of the ill. The ones who could not deal with reality whatsoever. And what these institutions provided was a safe haven where they could go and get help, and also begin to understand how to bring these people back to reality. Now, if you have a loved one who cannot cope with reality, the best you can hope for is to get them away for five days, and then you gotta take em back. And everybody knows, somebody who can t deal with reality five days, [expletive]! [SPUTTERS] No problem! It s unbelievable! But we had those in place. And what happened? Starting with Kennedy and going through Reagan, the Democrats and the Republicans systematically took them apart and ended up closing them. Closed them down. Why? To save money. [SCOFFS] Well, we re gonna have to deal with it again. And what s it gonna cost? More [expletive] money! Because that s the way it works! This bullshit about saving money is a crock of shit. When you ve got something, a big, big [expletive] problem, you deal with it, and you [expletive] pay for it. ‘Cause if you wait, it s more [expletive] expensive. And that s a Jew advising you on this. [APPLAUSE] If you don t think we have a problem with mental illness, I need you to take a good long look at Congress. That is the largest outpatient clinic in the world, and we pay for their health insurance. is slightly mentally ill. I believe that. You know, you can see it all the time. I– you pick up the paper, I read, you know, a while back, that, um… $640 million was spent by Americans purchasing Valentine s Day gifts for pets. Okay, that s– that s the sign something s [expletive] wrong. Stinkmuffin and Farty Lick don t give a shit, okay? They don t have a calendar. They re not waiting by the door going, Oh boy, I can t wait to see what they got me! You ve lost touch with reality, [expletive]! If any of you purchased a Valentine s Day gift for your pet, you have to get counseling for at least an hour next week. [APPLAUSE] The only time… The only time you can purchase a Valentine s Day gift for your pet is, let s say, you re [expletive] your cockatoo. Then I think you should really get it something nice. In New York, a while back, a few years ago, there was a gentleman… who… As a Jew, this is difficult. He… he gave his dog a bar mitzvah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. What s my job? What s my job? Spent $10,000, a hundred people came, he did it at Sammy s Romanian. He called it a bark mitzvah. As soon as his friends, if his friends [expletive] cared about him, as soon as they got the notice that he was throwing a bar mitzvah for his dog, those friends should have immediately had an intervention. If that s not a cry for [expletive] help, I don t know what is. I travel throughout the country, and one of the things that you notice is every, pretty much at every local government that we pass through, there is someone who s been elected who is [BLOWS RASPBERRY] mentally ill. Case in point: Facing a need for $743 million worth of repairs to crumbling infrastructure, the mayor of Jackson, Mississippi has told residents the city can fix its many potholes through the power of prayer. Yes, I believe we can pray potholes away. Moses prayed and a sea opened. After tonight s show, I would hope that all of you would take a moment, meet in the lobby, and form prayer groups. One thing you know about New York, our streets have real problems. So if you could get out there early tomorrow and just [expletive] really give it your all. Try to get out there really early before traffic hits. [CHUCKLES] That was the mayor of the town speaking, who s also a church pastor. What strikes me most about this is, and I ve time and again had to to bring this up, and I m– I realize, I have to repeat it yet again. I ve talked about it in another special, but I don t care. It s got to be repeated, and repeated, and repeated, cause nobody s [expletive] listening to me. But the fact of the matter is, that you Christians have to… have to… you have to stop reading the Old Testament. You don t understand it. It literally escapes you. You haven t a [expletive] clue. And, I will– I will repeat this til the day I die: It s not your [expletive] book. [APPLAUSE] Our book has a really mean God. Ooh, boogey, boogey, boogey. Scared the shit outta you. So you had to come up with this nice kid. That s your book, asshole! Every time I turn on a pastor on Sunday, a Christian, you know, talking about the Old Testament, they never [expletive] get it right. Ever! They don t understand the basics of the Bible. It was written by the elders. It was written by the elders. These are stories that they told to the Israelites in order to distract them from the fact that they were wandering in the desert without air conditioning. Moses prayed and a sea opened. That s a great [expletive] story, isn t it? They ve made a movie out of it. Huh? That s probably where this son of a bitch found out about it. That isn t the way it happened. Every Jew knows that. Here s what went down, Moses prayed, and then he prayed, and then he prayed. And then he went, [expletive]! and went to the Jewish people and said, We re gonna have to walk around. But that s not a great story. [APPLAUSE] I m lucky that I can keep a shred of sanity because I get to travel every few years and get out of the United States. I was lucky enough two years ago to perform in Copenhagen, in Denmark, and uh… Copenhagen is a happy city. This is how happy they are. After I arrived that evening, looking for entertainment, I went down to the park, and a band was playing. It turned out to be the military band. And they were playing– [SNAPS FINGERS] Dancing Queen. Yes sirree, that s a– that s a country I can go to war with. Also, another reason I knew just how happy they were was because about 20 minutes after I arrived, I was wandering around to get my bearings, the neighborhood, and get a sense of what was around my hotel, and a bus drove by, and on that bus was a billboard, and on that billboard was a photograph of the most… beautiful breasts I ve ever seen in my life. They were– they were glistening. They were glistening! I m a little embarrassed, but it made my mouth water. We ll never have a billboard like that in this country, ever. It s just not gonna happen. We re not– we re not sexually mature enough, as a country, to have it. As a country, we re about twelve and a half years old. We re not even close, and I tell ya… You know, if you put that billboard up anywhere in the United States next to any highway, there would be an accident every eight seconds. Look at those tits! Look at those tits! Look at those tits! This is the way I, and I consider myself somewhat sexually mature, this is absolutely the way I reacted when that bus passed. I followed the bus. I followed it for blocks, and then I realized that other buses had the billboard, so at that point I knew that I could sit in a cafe and they would bring the breasts to me. It took three days before I realized that there was writing on the billboard. And the writing, even though I didn t speak Danish, I knew what it meant. It said, New tits? And I thought, Wow. I was stunned. An ad for breast enhancement. Because I thought that we were the only country that was obsessed with enhancing breasts. But even– even in Happytown, apparently they are a little disappointed in the titties. I have never understood the concept of breast enhancement. Never! It s unnecessary surgery, unless you have a medical problem or a psychological one. What the [expletive] are you thinkin ? You ve missed the cardinal rule of life. Every breast is a great breast! [APPLAUSE] And I know this from personal experience. Never have I looked down at a naked woman in my bed and thought… [BLOWS RASPBERRY] Hoo! What a disappointment. Usually I have to stop myself from crying, or saying something stupid like, And I can play with them now? When I was, um… When I was leaving there, I… I realized that I wanted to stay on, cause I wanted… I wanted that surgery for me. I did. I wasn t transitioning. It had nothing to do with transitioning. I am not, and lucky enough, I m not a woman caught in a man s body. But I did want those tits here! Why would I put em on a woman? Why would I do that? Then I d have to negotiate to see em. This way, they re always with me, and they re always glistening. [APPLAUSE] This is, um… truly the greatest article I ve– I ve ever read about women s breasts. A lactating German woman robbed a pharmacy by squirting breast milk at two startled workers. Some of you didn t laugh at that. And if you didn t laugh at that, you need to take the rest of the week off. How do you not laugh at that? How the [expletive]– where the [expletive] were you while I was reading that? Lactating, you should have been smiling. It s a funny [expletive] word. Unless you re lactating, it s a funny [expletive] word. Lactating woman, not funny. Lactating German woman, ha ha ha ha. [LAUGHTER] Robbed a pharmacy by squirting breast milk. Son of a bitch! Come on! Not breast milk being fed to a child, suckled. No! Breast milk flying willy-nilly throughout the universe. God damn it! At that point, you better be [expletive] laughing! At two startled workers. Really? I don t think startled even begins to describe it. I don t think they were there going, [MOUTHING DIALOG]. Their eyes were going bambambambambam.  Whoooo! [SPUTTERS] The woman, called the [GERMAN ACCENT] Milk Sprayer… [LAUGHTER] …made a purchase and waited for the cash register to open, and then sent a milky arc into the first worker s face. Bambambam, bam. Bambambambam. Bam bam bam! Bam bam bam! Reload, bam! [LAUGHTER] She then sprayed a second employee. Bam bam, bam bam! Reload! Bam bam, bam bam bam! Six guns a blazin . She rifled through the registers, stealing 125 bucks before making her getaway. And with that, we take the first few steps toward ending gun violence. [APPLAUSE] Now we have to talk about the election. Wh– what are you applauding? [LAUGHTER] Seriously. As a– as a public service, I should just say, Good night. Did you Republicans really need to look at… all those people? Ted Cruz. All you… need know, um, and this should have been the end of it. [STUTTERS] It wasn t enough that everybody in Congress hates him. It wasn t enough that during the time in which he was in Congress, he did a filibuster in order to try to stop the Affordable Care Act for the 50th time, and spent a good portion of it reading from Green Eggs and Ham, which made me think, Son of a bitch. That was when I said if he wears aluminum foil on his head, I ll start to listen to him. But more important than that, the key to why he shouldn t have been allowed to run was they asked his college roommate. His college roommate at Princeton. He got into Princeton. I [expletive] didn t get into Princeton! And when I meet my maker, that s the first question I m gonna ask. Was it the SAT scores? So, they asked him, his roommate, Do you think he d make a good president? And he said, Blindfold me. And then bring me a phone book from any city in America. O-open it up, I ll point at a name. Whoever that is, will be a better president. I have to read this quote off a piece of paper because it– my brain refuses to memorize it. In regards to family planning– family planning, a man running for the presidency of the United States, he said, Last I checked, we don t have a rubber shortage in America. Now, when was the last time any of you used the word rubber in a sentence? You might have said galoshes.  When I was in college, we had a machine in the bathroom. Put 50 cents in, and voila. Voila? Let s get this straight, those of you who are Democrats and Republicans, who are Libertarians, or the Green Party. I don t give a [expletive]. No candidate for the presidency of the United States should ever, ever be allowed to use the world voila. The only time you can say the word voila is if you opened a prophylactic and it flew out and landed on your dick. [APPLAUSE] Voila. [CHEERS] Then, of course, we go through all of that, and we come down to Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton, and… I have lived in New York for 35 years, and, um… Donald Trump has been in my face for 35 years. This whole idea that he is a great businessman is… is so beyond any… I… He bankrupted a casino. [APPLAUSE] I mean… Psh! That s impossible. Unless you locked the doors and just stood in front, Go away! Go to Jewey Jew s! Go away! You know, I just– before we leave Donald alone… I m gonna say something, and I m… I m saying this as a friend. If you vote for Donald Trump… you re gonna go to hell. [APPLAUSE] And I know this. And I know this because God told me. He has my hotline number, 1-800-Jewey-Jew. He always likes to talk to me after he talks to Mike Huckabee. I help settle him down. And then there s Hillary Clinton, who s had so much shit thrown at her during the course of her life that there s no way she couldn t get the smell off. There isn t. I mean, I ve traveled the country. People don t like her. They don t. And I don t think it has to do with the nonsense of that she s a criminal. I think that that s just repeating, repeating, repeating. [BABBLES] I think it s the fact that she s been in our face for a long [expletive] time. I m serious. Familiarity breeds contempt, and it s made a lot of people unhappy with her. She never went away. She never went away. She s always been there. She is, for many Americans, that woman in the carpool… that every morning, the guy sits there, drinking his cup of coffee, and thinks, I can t believe I gotta pick her up again! She never went away. She was the First Lady, and then afterwards, she snuck into our state. I don t know what these people are bitching about, she snuck in here. And the next thing I know, holy [expletive], she s the senator from New York. And she spent six years doing that, and then, she said, I m running to be president. And she lost. Now at that point, anybody who loses the presidency hides somewhere. They go away! Everybody [expletive] knows that. Nixon went the [expletive] away. And then when he came back, people went, [expletive], eh, he wasn t so bad! You leave! Nope. Not her. She became the Secretary of State, and then, she finished up there and she said, I m gonna run to be president again! [SCOFFS] There is a good chance she s bipolar. So you have a choice now about who you wanna date. Either the bipolar carpooler, or Orange Julius Caesar. Happy voting. [APPLAUSE] But before I go, let me just say, and this, I know, comes as a shock to many of you, but, uh… I wake up every morning… shoo… brimming with optimism. [LAUGHTER] My nipples are pert and I m ready to go. ‘Cause I– I truly believe that today is gonna be the day that this great country gets it right. Why wouldn t today be the day? We all pretty much share exactly the same hopes and dreams. We all have– we all basically want the same thing, and, uh… Why wouldn t we find it today? Why wouldn t this be it? After making mistake after mistake after mistake after mistake after mistake after mistake… after mistake after mistake after mistake, after mistake after mistake, after mistake, and then there was the time, you know, after mistake… that wouldn t we, just by accident, stumble in the right direction? Why wouldn t today be the [expletive] day? God, I m happy. I got dancin feet. I put on Dancing Queen. And I get up to my, uh, coffee table there, and I grab a mug, and look down at the front page of the paper, and go, [expletive]! Maybe tomorrow. Good night, New York. [APPLAUSE] These [expletive] are out of control! [SPUTTERS] Wake up, wake up, wake up! What the [expletive] do you need me for? You re gonna go to hell. No, don t turn around. Keep [expletive] walkin . You ve lost touch with reality, [expletive]! God damn it! At that point you better be [expletive] laughing! Bam bam bam! Bam bam bam! Bam bam bam! Bam bam bam! Reload, bam! Boogey woogey boogey. Gee, I wonder who s gonna win, because, you know, if that person wins, [BABBLES]. What s the matter with us? Tada! It s unbelievable!

MIKE BIRBIGLIA@THANK GOD FOR JOKES@2017@[crowd chattering] Hi, I m Jimmy Kimmel. Can I get everyone to be quiet, please? Can everyone be quiet? Please? Everyone? John. Where is John Krasinski? John, please tell everyone to be quiet and pay attention. Could you do it a little bit louder, please? Thank you, John. Good evening and welcome to the 22nd Annual Gotham Awards. You are there tonight to celebrate the best independent films of 2012 and Matt Damon, whom we know from such influential independent films as Ocean s Eleven, Ocean s Twelve, Ocean s Thirteen, The Bourne Identity, The Bourne Supremacy, The Bourne Hypocrisy, and The Legend of Bagger Vance. No one embodies the spirit of indie like Matt Damon. Anyway, I know you re eating and telling your friends about how much other people s money you lost this year. But we re about to get started, and I would like you to pay attention because I think you will be happy you did. The man you re about to enjoy is very funny. He, too, is an independent filmmaker. He made an excellent movie this year called Sleepwalk with Me, and he is here tonight to entertain you more than Matt Damon could ever dream of doing, quite frankly. Ladies and gentlemen, please put your drinks down for five seconds and give a very warm welcome to Mike Birbiglia. [cheers and applause] So… Okay. Thank you. Thank you, guys. Well… That was four years ago. [audience laughing] And the reason I show you that is cause that video played before what ended up being one of the strangest nights of my life. Because when Jimmy Kimmel said John Krasinski s name, John Krasinski was there, and he stood up, and he told everyone to be quiet. And by everyone, I mean, Matt Damon. And Amy Adams and Claire Danes and Harvey Weinstein, all these fancy people. And somehow, I was hosting this event. I m not being falsely modest. I get that we re all here right now. [chuckles] But I also know, at some point this week, you told someone where you were going tonight and that person said, Who? And you said some things I d done. They said, What s that? You said, Go back to bed, Grandma,  cause she s sleeping, but… I m a niche, I understand that. But… this is a really big deal for me, and I was so anxious for the week leading up to the event. And I couldn t sleep, I was short of breath. The night before, I said to my wife, Clo… Her name is Jen. I said– I said, Clo… I think this might be a disaster. She said, Mo… why do you think that? I said, I ve been a comedian for 15 years, and what I ve learned is that you should never tell jokes to the people who the jokes are about. My wife had the perfect answer for this, and I ll tell you what it was later. But jokes are something I think about all the time. They re a volatile type of speech. Just look at the news. The Charlie Hebdo incident two years ago where these ten satirists were killed for drawing a disrespectful cartoon of Muhammad, who the killers believed to be the prophet of Allah, their lord and savior, which, by the way, he might be. I have no horse in that race. Muhammad seems like a nice guy. Jesus was popular with 12 dudes. Buddha s confusing. I m pretty sure he s an elephant or a sumo wrestler. The point is… that these were comedy writers like me, and they were murdered. I was so shocked by this. At the time, I remember talking to everybody about it. And my mother said to me, Can t these writers just write jokes that aren t offensive? And I thought about it. I said, I m not sure that s possible, because all jokes are offensive… to someone. I ll give you an example. My wife does this thing that drives me crazy. She s late for everything, and I m an on-time person. Round of applause if you re a late person, typically. Few people. So, what late people don t understand about us on-time people is that we hate you. And… the reason why we hate you is that it s so easy to be on time. You just have to be early, and early lasts for hours. And on-time just lasts a second, and then you re late forever. Welcome to the show. Thanks for being here. Thanks for coming. We were just talking about you. So, late people always try to re-brand late. They ll say, I m fashionably late, which is like saying, I m stylishly racist. Which is another thing about late people. A lot of them are racist. And the reason these late racists drive me crazy… is they re often so good-looking. I mean, you ever get ready for something with a late person? They look into their closet like it s Narnia. Like it s an infinite well of possibilities. On-time people are just like, This is what I look like. Sorry about that. The reason I m an expert in this is that I was raised by late people. My parents are laties, and– When I was a kid, my mom used to pick me up from my swim class at the YMCA, 90 minutes after the class would end. I know. She was like the cable company. I will pick you up between the hours of 2:00 p.m. and 6:00 p.m. I was a ten-year-old child just standing on the street corner in a dripping wet bathing suit and flip-flops. My mom wasn t on the way. She was at the book club talking about The Color Purple. I was like, Mom, I am the color purple! One year, we went on a family vacation, and we left for the airport 45 minutes before our flight took off. We lived 45 minutes away from the airport. My dad shouted at the security guard like it was his fault. This is the 80s, when airport security consisted of a high-five and a pat on the ass. It was a different time for late people. It was the golden age. And then I married a late person, like I said, and it s an issue. This week, we were heading to yoga, which is why I look excellent and feel excellent. I yearn for the day that doesn t get a laugh. I m not even sure why we re laughing, but I ll go with it. So… we re heading to yoga. My wife says, Wait for me, I m not ready. Which is silly cause you don t have to be ready for yoga, cause all it is is trying not to fart while stretching. And that s my life already without the stretching. And clearly… clearly, I don t belong in yoga. It wasn t designed for male humans. And you can tell when the instructor says, I want you to reach your hand back towards your bra strap, and then lift up your leg unless you re on your period. I m like, I m pretty sure none of that applies to me. I ve only had my period once. I m not even sure that s what that was. Some of the poses are outrageous. The other day, the instructor goes, I want you to push your chest into the mat and your butt in the air, and then pull up the front of your mat like a slut. I was like, All right. I was trying to be a team player. I was like, I m a bad girl. I m a yoga slut down on my luck… trying to forge a mind-body connection. And then she goes, That s right, pull up the front of your mat like a sled. Minor adjustment. Let me just close my butt. So, my wife says, Wait for me, I m not ready. And I held my ground. I go, I m not gonna wait for you cause you re a late person. I m an on-time person. I don t want that entering into our marriage cause I feel like it s going really well so far. Try to put a positive spin on it. And she goes, Fine. Passive-aggressive– classic for late people. And then she says, Save a mat next to your mat, for me, in class. I said, Clo, I m not gonna do that cause I have more allegiance to my fellow on-time people than I do to you, my own wife. And that didn t go well. And so– So, I felt bad. And then I get to class, and I put down my mat. Then I put down a mat next to my mat for my wife. And this woman comes up, she goes, Do you mind if I put my mat right here? I was like, Actually, my wife is… [mumbling] Sometimes I m so polite, I don t even finish sentences. This other woman comes up, she goes… [mumbling] I was like… [mumbling] We were like deferent whales. Which is another pose I m working on. Class fills up, 100% full, wall-to-wall sluts. Except for the empty mat next to my mat, because my wife decided, arbitrarily, she just wasn t gonna come to class that day. I know! The ultimate late person move! Absence! Class– class ends. Empty mat. All that people are gonna assume is that my wife is dead. Or I ve invented the fictional concept of having a wife so I can have this weird double-wide super mat. The most selfish possible move in the most socialist of exercises. And this woman comes up. She says, I hope your wife is okay. Which is the yoga way of saying, We hate you. But that s just my side of the story. In fairness to my wife, if she were here tonight, she d be like, Yeah, but you re not telling them… And I d be like, Excuse me, ma am. There s a show going on. She d be escorted out of the building. I ve done it before, I ll do it again. That s what I love about jokes. They re just your side of the story. They re your opinion, which isn t to say they re always just opinions. Sometimes they re an externalization of your inner thoughts, and often your inner thoughts are inappropriate. I was at my urologist recently. Just chillin . No, I had a– I had a symptom. Don t repeat this. I had a symptom where– This is hard to say. I had a thing where, when my wife and I would have sex, I would have a pins-and-needles sensation in my urethra the moment I would ejaculate. Which at first was exciting. At first, I thought, Ohh. Maybe this is a new type of orgasm. Maybe I ve broken through. But then the pain didn t go away. I was like, Oh, no! It s like when you re eating spicy food and you re like, That s hot. That s hot! That s too hot! But it was with my penis. Which is much higher stakes than your tongue, which is your mouth penis, in a way. Nobody calls it that, but– So, I explained this to my doctor– not in these words– and he s unfazed by it. He goes, It s not a big deal. It s probably a muscular thing. You re just trying too hard when you have sex. And I said, You re telling me. But I didn t– I didn t say it. I just thought that. I was like… [grunts] He was like, Is there something wrong with your head? And, uh… ‘Cause I don t say a lot of jokes offstage. I just think them. He was like, Is there something wrong with your head? I go, No, I m a comedian. He goes, You re a comedian? I go, You re a doctor? But I didn t say it. I just thought it. I was, like… [grunts] You know? He really didn t believe me, he goes, If you re a comedian, how come you re not funny now? What I wanted to say was I m gonna take this conversation we re having and then repeat that to strangers. And then that s the joke. You re the joke… later. But I didn t say it. I just thought it, and, uh… I could say these jokes. But when you have your pants at your ankles and a rectal thermometer in your butt, you re thinking, This might not be the right time. I feel like we re led to believe this false cliché from romantic comedies that we re all just whipping off jokes all the time. Like, we meet a girl in a coffee shop and we re like, What s in your latte? Cum? And she ll be like, You re hilarious! We should be married in 90 minutes. But in real life, that guy gets arrested. Or runs for president. Like, if you think about– [cheers and applause] If you think about jokes– If you think about jokes, you can t tell jokes in life, almost ever. Like, at work or school. Or the airport is a great example. I read a story where a guy sneezed on a plane, looks around and he goes, I have Ebola. Here s why that s not a good joke. They landed the plane. They landed the plane. And they re met by the guys in hazmat suits. And his defense was, I m joking. Which is always this catch-all defense when people say dumb things. You can t tell jokes at work, basically, because at some point in history, some idiot showed up at work, and was like, Nice tits, Betsy! And Betsy s like, What? And that guy s like, I m joking! And the boss is like… Uh… no more jokes! Jokes have been ruined by people who aren t good at telling jokes. A joke should never end with I m joking. Or Git-R-Done. So, it s the week before I host the Gotham Awards, and I start writing the jokes. And it felt like sort of a no-win situation: How do I make jokes that are relevant to the people in the audience but don t make them hate me? And so, I started with jokes about myself. I wrote, It s an honor to be here, because 13 years ago, I was a coat check person at this event. And here I am hosting, and I made more money checking coats. Which is true. Yeah, I remember that period of my life so well. I was so broke, and I was actually living on an air mattress in Queens, and I couldn t afford a dresser for my clothes. When you re broke, everything is just low to the ground. You know? You– You roll off your air mattress in the morning, grab pants from the floor, you cook noodles on a hot plate. One falls out of your mouth, you re like, It s not too far. The only way you could get lower is if you died. And I moved to New York cause there s all these comedy clubs here, but they didn t want me cause I wasn t good at it. So, what I did was I drove my mom s station wagon around the country to areas of lesser comedy concentration, places like Ohio, West Virginia, New Jersey, and… [audience laughs] Not a joke, but thanks. [laughs] And, actually, I bought my mom s car. I always like to point that out because I found out recently that sometimes when parents have faith in their child s dreams… they ll give them their car. My mom got the full Blue Book value. She was like, This guy just doesn t have it. And… I remember this rock-bottom moment where I m driving back from a comedy club in New Jersey to my air mattress in Queens, and this cop just points at me and waves me over. When you re broke, cops will pull you over if you have a crappy car just to see what else you got going wrong, you know? Yeah. And he says, License and registration. As I m pulling out my license, I m realizing it s expired by three weeks. And I had that moment where I think, Should I preface this conversation with this key piece of information? Like, You re not gonna like this. You know what I mean? Same team. We both think I m an idiot. And… It was actually worse than just that. He came back and goes, Did you know that your license is suspended? Yeah, I didn t even know what that meant. I was very naive, and so I– I had an unpaid speeding ticket from high school. So I said to him, and I quote– I said, Yes. No. Wait. What does ‘suspended mean? And he said, Please step out of the car. And I get out of the car. He says, You re under arrest. I said, No, I don t think so. He says, I m sure of it. And then he cuffs me to prove the whole thing. And– Round of applause if you ve been arrested. Has anyone been arrested before? Few people. What did you– Can I ask, what did you get arrested for? I got arrested by a woman cop and put in a headlock. I don t like how you said woman cop. That was very obnoxious. It really was. I don t– I m fine with it. It s a comedy show. Anything can happen. We re all friends here. But it just did rub me the wrong way. You know, women can be cops. It s sort of part of the whole thing. You said you re– You re saying it like it s an anomaly. And it s, like, a whole thing. I only said it like that because I ve been getting my balls busted for the last ten years over it. Oh, okay. Well, that doesn t make sense also. But, uh– but sure, yeah. So– So, this crazy, out-of-nowhere, woman cop shows up. Well, get this: she s a lady. Badge and everything. And I said, Cook me dinner! You know what she said? She said, No, you re under arrest for a crime. So… Unbelievable. You re really buried in this point. I mean, there s nothing– There s nothing you could say that would vindicate you. She put me in a headlock. You already said that. I feel like your talking points are all wrong. She put you in a headlock? Why? First of all, what was your crime? I got to a keg, and I got my cup of beer, and I was waiting in line for the beer. -And… -You re leaving out so many details. Where?! Basic details! We don t all have to be Ira Glass, but come on! Where– where was this? It was in the woods. So– So– [laughing] So– No further questions, Your Honor. It was in the woods. It was in the woods. I didn t even know ladies went in the woods. It was like seeing Bigfoot. I will say this about being arrested. It s a shocking experience if you ve never had it happen, because they cuff you, and the cuffs hurt. And the cops don t have to take you to jail right away. Like, I was cuffed in New Jersey and sitting in the back of the cruiser. I m looking through the windshield, the cop was just hanging out with his cop buddies. And they re laughing, making jokes, like, I arrested this guy for nothing. You know, just like, What does ‘suspended mean? And… I m having the most traumatic moment of my life. It s like, I never knew I would be arrested. I wear New Balance shoes. You know, and– And I m nervous cause I m afraid of cops. I always thought I was most afraid of bears, but at least if a bear kills you, everyone gets mad at the bear. If a cop kills you, 30% of Americans are like, It s a hard job. You know what I mean? If a bear kills you, they don t have a bear press conference where all the bears stand behind the murderous bear in solidarity, and the bear commissioner steps forward, and he s like, He s usually a pretty good bear. He usually just eats honey and is unaware of bees. But cops will kill you. That s, like, on the news and everything. And so– So, I m nervous and I m sweating. I m itchy. I had an itch on my face. But I didn t have any extremities available. So, I m looking around like the character from No Country for Old Men. And I see a door handle. I m like, That s pointy. And I reach over. I m scratching my face on the door handle which creates more itchiness on my cheek and my shoulder. And then I m just sort of writhing around in circles, like a dog trying to shake off a medical cone. And the cop looks back. He s like, We got a live one! What the hell are you doing? I m like, Will you scratch my face? Apparently, they never do that. Not once, ever. As it turns out, no one s even asked, which is crazy to me. ‘Cause that s the itchiest backseat I ve ever been in. It s like a tickle fight back there… with lice. I would have done anything for a scratch. I d be like, I ll let you use your gun, you know, which is pointy, but obviously dangerous. And so… the officer books me at the Weehawken, New Jersey, jail. He even took the shoelaces out of my shoes cause apparently, it s a very common thing when people s licenses are suspended… is they ll hang themselves. I don t like to joke about it. It s called suspension post-suspension. It is… all-too-common, under-reported. And then– And then he took a mug shot of me. He knew I d performed at a comedy club that night. So, he took an extra one, and he put it in his pocket. He goes, This is in case you ever get famous. Which I thought was nice, you know? I was like, At least he s rooting for me. Sure, he s arresting me now. But long-term, this guy sees it. Which is more than I can say for my mom. And so– So, I had this one joke about being a coat check person. But increasingly, I m getting so anxious about hosting this event. And so I called Jimmy Kimmel, cause I thought that if I had a video like that, it might give me some credibility with the audience, where it felt like every relevant topic would be a minefield. Which is always, by the way, somewhat the case in comedy when you perform for a specific group of people. Like, I remember the most extreme example I ve had. I was performing at a Christian college, and, uh… It was a weird show. It was in a giant gymnasium, and there was a 30-foot crucifix on the wall. And I thought that was funny, because I was thinking, like, if Jesus were there, what would he say? Like, Use the elliptical! You know, because– Because I think about Jesus a lot. I went to Catholic school for nine years, and they teach it to you when you re so young, you re seven. They re like, There s this guy Jesus, and he loves you. And you love him, too, right? You re like, Wait. Do I know this guy? And they re like, Oh, yeah, there s this guy Jesus, who everybody loves cause he loves everybody. And a long time ago, he died, and it s not totally your fault. So… don t be scared or sad cause he s in heaven now with his dad, who is also God. There s this other thing called The Holy Spirit that no one really understands. All three of these things are a cluster… that are staring at you all the time. If you have any questions, just pop into that strange broom closet in the corner with Father Steven, who no one s done a background check on. Don t forget to mention if you ve been masturbating, cause he s fascinated by that. And angry, but mostly fascinated, and– Starts innocently enough, as innocently as man-boy love can start. You sort of accept there s this guy Jesus, and he loves you, but he s dead and he s bleeding, but he s in great shape, and– And I actually really enjoyed church when I was a kid. My favorite part was the hymns. We d sing this one that goes: ? Christ has died ? ? Christ is risen ? ? Christ will come again ? Thank you, guys. You know that one? It s a hit. It s been number one on the charts for 47,000 weeks in a row. Pretty sure it s gone myrrh, at this point. Yeah, that s right. That s a rare myrrh joke. That joke is comedy myrrh. And– No, I love that song. Lyrically, very concise. You got Christ. He s the protagonist, and then he died, which is sad. Then he s risen, which is unexpected. And then he ll come again, which– I don t know, I m– I m not sure I m rooting for that part. I feel like, you know, thanks for coming. Appreciate the books, but– Do we really want him to come again? If he comes again, he s gonna be so mad. [imitating Woody Allen] He s gonna be like, I don t understand. How come these people are so rich and these people are so poor? ‘Cause he s Jewish, right? He d have a Jewish affect. How come these people have thousands of loaves, and these people have half a loaf? ‘Cause he s a socialist. He s a Jewish socialist. He s the least popular modern demographic, especially with Christians. He s the original Bernie Sanders. You know that, right? I mean, Jesus– Jesus would never win in the general. But– So, my brother Joe, who s here with me tonight, he would– He really taught me what jokes were when I was a kid. He used to sing parodies of these hymns while we sang the actual hymns. He was like the Weird Al Yankovic of church. He d go… ? Christ has lied Christ was imprisoned ? ? Christ will come at ten ? By far, my favorite line– this idea that Christ will be arriving at a very specific time. Because Christ is an on-time person. That s one thing you should know. He s a punctual savior. So, I m talking about all this on stage in this Christian college gymnasium, and… it s not connecting, you know? And it was really sort of awkward backstage after the show between me and this guy who booked me. He was just like, Why? Why would you talk about Jesus for ten minutes on stage? And I didn t have the best answer, but I feel like it s good enough to share with you guys. I said, Jesus died… so I could tell those jokes. In fairness to the Christian college organizer, I m a pretty safe bet as far as comedians go, I don t curse gratuitously on stage, which has a lot to do with my mom. No, really. When I moved to New York, she was upset, and I d go, Why? She said, I don t want you to become one of those dirty comedians. And I said, Okay. And she said, You don t have to use those words to be funny. For example, Oprah s very funny. And I said, Maybe to Gayle. Or even Stedman, when they let him in on it. But I don t know– I don t know if you understand my goals, Mom. I m not trying to be the queen of daytime. Because my mom and I are so close, I really tried not to curse a lot over the years on stage. At this point, I ve released four comedy albums, and none of them have the explicit lyrics label on them. But sometimes, I feel conflicted about that cause a lot of comedians I admire most did curse on stage. Lenny Bruce, Richard Pryor. And some of them who famously don t curse are secretly criminals. This is fun for me, just watching 50 people mouth, Bill Cosby. And then there s this odd thing about not cursing, which is, sometimes you re booked in places just for that reason. Like, a few years ago, I got booked to perform with the Muppets, which is a great honor. I grew up on the Muppets. It was a Canadian television special hosted by them, and I had to follow Fozzie Bear. I ll tell you something about Fozzie Bear. He s actually a pretty good comedian. I feel like I have to make that point because the joke of Fozzie, I guess, is that he s a bad comedian who also is a bear. But Fozzie– Following Fozzie is nearly impossible. Like, he s killing on stage, killing. Even when he s not killing, he s killing cause he s got that joke parachute catchphrase: Wocka Wocka Wocka! Which is his Git-R-Done, by the way. I don t know if you ve thought of that before, but… I m watching Fozzie from the wings, and it s dawning on me, like, this show isn t gonna go well for me, for a very specific reason. When people go to see the Muppets, they don t want to see people. They just want to see more Muppets. When you re watching Sesame Street and Gordon and Maria wander in the frame, and you re like, Out of there. We want to see more of the creature who lives in the garbage. So, Fozzie s killing, and then he s heckled off the stage by Statler and Waldorf. That s the gay couple that lives in the balcony. If that s not the case, I m very confused. They go to theater seven nights a week, and they bitch about everything. I mean, what– What are the clues here? And so… Statler and Waldorf heckled Fozzie, and then they introduced me, which is an insane precedent for hecklers– this idea that if a heckler defeats the comedian, they re now in charge of the show? It s like if a streaker ran onto Yankee Stadium, they just threw him a mitt. They re like, Third base!  I don t have a uniform! You know? So, they introduced me, and they re mean. That s Statler and Waldorf s thing. One of them goes, This next guy walks in his sleep.  Oh, yeah? I like sleeping during his act. Ha!  Please welcome Mike Birbiglia. And I jog onto stage. And I m so flustered by being pre-heckled by these surreal puppets, that I forgot to bring my stool. I get to the center, and I look around. I go, Ah, fuck! I ll tell you who doesn t like the word fuck. People who have purchased tickets to see the Muppets… and the Muppets. The people in the audience were like… [nervous scream] The Muppets were like… I go, Sorry about that! And I jog off stage. [cheers and applause] And I jog back on stage, this time with the stool. There s nothing I can do to get the audience on my side. Because not only am I the guy who cursed on The Muppets, as far as these people know, I m the guy who curses exclusively on The Muppets, not even in the context of a joke. I m just this guy… who jogs on stage, says fuck, and then jogs off stage. I m like the villain of the Muppets. I m, like, Fuck Monster. Which is what I ve been trying to get my wife to call me for years. So, I m bombing on The Muppets. It s literally the opposite of my childhood dream come true. I remember as a kid thinking like, Maybe someday, I ll be on The Muppets. But I never thought, Maybe someday, I ll be on The Muppets, and it s not gonna go so well. After ten minutes, I walk off stage– I m not making this up. I was consoled by Kermit. He was like, I thought you were good. I was like, Not now! Threw him up against the wall. No, it was– I felt terrible. I just felt like I failed so profoundly. But then the more I mulled it over, the more I thought maybe I m being overly prude on behalf of the Muppets. If you think about it, the Muppets, they ve seen a lot. The Muppets are, like, 70 years old. Like, you think when the cameras aren t rolling, Animal doesn t curse? You think Animal s never like… [screaming] This fucking snare drum sounds like shit! I m pretty sure Janice has tried heroin. You know what I mean? You think Janice is never like, Kermit, I am, like, so fucked up. Can I use your leg to tie off my arm? That s right. That s a Muppets heroin joke. And I m pretty sure if there was a line, I stepped over it right there. That s what you always have to think about when you re writing jokes, is sort of, where is the line? And you don t want to cross it, but you want to go near it. You know, it s subjective, sort of where the line is. That s where it becomes complicated. And that s what I was mulling over as I was flying back to New York the day before hosting the Gotham Awards. I was on the plane. I was writing jokes, and I was eating a chicken salad sandwich on walnut raisin bread. And I remember that because, actually, the flight attendant came over, and he was like, Excuse me, are there nuts in your sandwich? I knew it wasn t gonna end well. Because that sentence never ends with: ‘Cause I love nuts! Nuts, nuts, nuts, nuts, nuts, nuts, nuts! They re great in everything! Sprinkle them on your sundae! They re the building blocks of pesto! Which they are and nobody s talking about it. And so, as– So, as I responded, I just kept eating the sandwich. I was like… I think that there might be… walnuts in the bread.  Actually, you can t eat that on the plane cause the woman seated by the window… has a nut allergy.  I won t feed them to her. Or rub them on her face.  Actually, she ll have a reaction even if there are nuts in the air.  Nuts in the air? Which just so happens to be my favorite hip-hop song. I tried to be respectful. I said to the woman, Are you serious? You ll have a reaction if there are nuts in the air? She said, Yeah, I ll have a reaction if there are nuts in the air.  You shouldn t leave the house. There are nuts everywhere. And I was so hungry, I said to the flight attendant, I said, Is there anywhere where I can finish my sandwich?  You can finish it… in the bathroom.  Okay. And I head out. And I walked into a JetBlue bathroom, and I ate a chicken salad sandwich. I m experiencing that great symphony of smells– just bathroom and antiseptic, mayonnaise, and I m gagging. And I m eating more of the sandwich, and I m gagging. And I m eating more of the sandwich. And I realized at that moment, that I have what is called a fecal airspace allergy. And– Well, you know, it isn t just if I eat feces. It is if– It s if the feces… are in the air. If the feces are in the air… I ll have a reaction. All right. So, you know who doesn t like this story, are people with nut allergies. And you know who does like this story? Everyone else. And… I feel genuinely conflicted about that, cause there s almost a thousand people in this room together right now. And about 997 of us are like, Ha ha! Nuts in the air. And then three of us secretly are like, That s my life. You know? And I don t– I don t want to be that to you, but jokes have to be about something. I told that story last year in San Francisco, and this kid came to me after the show, and he asked me if I would sign his EpiPen. ‘Cause he has a nut allergy. And if he has a reaction, his mom has to spike him in his leg so he doesn t die. And I was really moved by this, cause that s precisely my sense of humor. I have jokes on my albums about having a bladder tumor when I was 19, and how I was once hit by a drunk driver, how I have a life-threatening sleep disorder. And those are my best jokes. That s sort of what I m interested in. So, I said to his mom, How many times have you had to spike him? And she said, Three times. I thought, Wow. This kid almost died three times… so I could tell that joke. So I wanted to dedicate this show tonight to him. He s dead. I m joking. Wocka Wocka Wocka! Git-R-Done! I m flying back to New York and writing jokes, and I m researching the guests of honor at the Gotham Awards. And I see that David O. Russell is gonna be there. And David O. Russell is one of my absolute favorite directors, dating back to when I was in high school. I remember seeing his movie Flirting with Disaster in the theater. And I laughed so hard, and then he went on to have this illustrious Oscar Award-winning career– Silver Linings Playbook, American Hustle, Three Kings. And I m reading about him, and this joke occurs to me on the plane, and I just start laughing maniacally, alone. Not the best look. You know, just like… [nervous laughter] I have Ebola! I m laughing for two reasons. One, at the joke, and two, at the absurdity that I would tell this joke the next night when he would be sitting right there. And so the moment I land, I call my wife. I said, Clo, listen to this joke. And she laughed really hard, and I ll tell it to you guys in a moment. But first, I just want to say one last thing about jokes, which is that I think jokes, at their best, have the ability to make us all feel closer to one another. I think one of the– My favorite things about marriage is that you can share jokes with your wife or husband that are funny to you and that person and no one else, other than maybe your cat. Because when you have a cat, your barometer for humor– out the window. Last summer, my wife and I went on a trip to Massachusetts. And I called it Catsachusetts, which is not funny. But in our house, it was the joke of the year! I was like, We re going to Catsachusetts. My wife s like, Aah! I was like, Aah! Our cat was like, Aah! Because everyone loves a good pun when you have a cat. So, we drive to Catsachusetts. When we arrive, my wife has a headache, and she asks me if I ll acclimate Ivan– that s our cat– to the bedroom. ‘Cause he s an indoor cat, and you can t just put an indoor cat into a house because he ll explode. I bring him in the bedroom, and while I m there, my wife discovers that there were mice in the house. And it was worse than just mice. They were parasitic mice. They have toxoplasmosis, which means they have a parasite in them, and they want it in you. They re unafraid of cats. They re unafraid of people. We discovered this because my wife was watching TV on the couch, and she looked next to her, and there was a mouse, and he was watching TV also. And she screamed, and he just looked up at her like Stuart Little. Like, Hey! What s going on? I don t like this show, either. I don t know why all those women would want to marry that one guy. She pushes him off the couch, and he doesn t even run away. He doesn t even scurry, which is a verb invented for mice. He just walks into the kitchen like a roommate. He was like, Fine, I ll go in the other room. I just think you re overreacting. Then he did a confessional into the mouse cam in the kitchen. He was like, I m not here to make friends. I m here to win. I was here before they came. I ll be here when they re gone. I m a mouse. That s from Real Mousewives of Catsachusetts. That night, I m sound asleep, and my wife wakes me up by grabbing my face. She says, Mo, Ivan found the mouse. You need to get the mouse. And I said, Clo… we have a cat. We do everything for the cat. We give him food. We give him an apartment that he thinks is the world. We set aside an area in the apartment for him to poop in that we clean more often than the area where we poop. We have a gentleman s agreement that in the unlikely event that a mouse should walk through that door… [imitates Don Corleone] and that day may never come… that he will murder that mouse, and we will never speak of that mouse again, and that cat will receive protection. That s from Catfather. Clo says, Mo, get the mouse. And she hands me a cup. I take the cup, walk towards the mouse. Mouse walks towards me. I walk away from the mouse. I put the cup over the mouse. I put a magazine under the cup, and I take him in the backyard. I stick him in the forest, where I can only assume that he walked into the mouth of a wolf. The next day we drove home, and from that day forward, we have called that state… Mouseachusetts. So, I want to point out something special, that happened there at the end which is, a few minutes ago, I prefaced the story with a Massachusetts-based pun. Catsachusetts. Which we all agreed as a group: Not funny. Moments ago… I concluded the story with another Massachusetts-based pun. It was nearly identical. It was Mouseachusetts. But that time, we applauded. Which means… in a way… it s like we re married. I do. So, now that we re married… I m gonna share with you this joke I told at the Gotham Awards. David O. Russell, like I said, is one of my favorite directors, but infamously, shouted at Lily Tomlin on the set of I Heart Huckabees many years ago. You might ve seen it on YouTube because it was caught on tape, it was put on YouTube. It was seen by millions of people. If you haven t seen it, there is nothing I could do to properly convey just how extreme this rant was other than typing out a transcript of what he said, printing it out and just reading it to you. So, they were on the set of this movie. They re in this classroom area, and it s Dustin Hoffman, Lily Tomlin and Jason Schwartzman. And in between takes, David O. Russell comes out and he says to Lily Tomlin, and I quote, he says, I m just trying to fucking help you! You understand me?! I m just trying to be a fucking collaborator! I m just trying to help you figure out the fucking picture! Okay, bitch?! I m not here to be fucking yelled at! I didn t work on this thing for three fucking years to have some fucking cunt yell at me in front of the crew when I m trying to help you, bitch! So, I thought I should talk about that on stage because– because if comedy is tragedy plus time, this is the funniest thing I ve ever seen. So, I said, David O. Russell s here. He s about where you are, about third row. I said, One of my favorite directors, known for going to extremes to get exactly what he wants. The great director Elia Kazan once said, ‘You do whatever it takes to get the shot. David O. Russell once said, ‘I m just trying to fucking help you, you understand me? I m just being a fucking collaborator. I m just trying to help you figure out the fucking picture. Okay, bitch? I m not here to be fucking yelled at. I didn t work on this thing for three fucking years to have some fucking cunt yell at me in front of the crew when I m trying to help you, bitch. Two great directors basically saying the same thing. [cheers and applause] The audience enjoyed it. David O. Russell left. Which was unfortunate timing because he was just about to receive the lifetime achievement award. The woman who booked me came over to my table and she said, Mike, David is very upset about your joke, and I think he might leave. Will you talk to him? And I said, Absolutely. Because, worst-case scenario, it goes terribly. Best-case scenario, he makes me the lead in his next film. And so, I m walking with this woman. She says, It s my fault. I never should ve let you tell that joke. I should have screened your jokes. And I felt so bad because I wanted to be like, I never would ve let you screen my jokes. I would ve sent you decoy jokes. I d never hand someone a piece of paper with the word cunt written on it. I wasn t raised that way. ? Christ has died, Christ is risen ? But instead, I was like, Yeah, maybe it s your fault. Who knows? And then… we get to the men s room. David O. Russell storms out to the exit. She follows him, and I follow her. He looks back at her and goes, Give your fucking award to someone else! And I was like, Awesome. This is like we re in the video. I go back to my table and my wife says, Mo, what s going on? And I say, Clo, it s a long story, and it hasn t ended yet. But we re not in Mouseachusetts anymore. Sitting at our table was Jared Leto, but I didn t know it was him because he was preparing for his role in Dallas Buyers Club. And so he d shaved his eyebrows, and he hadn t eaten in weeks. And he leans over and goes, I haven t eaten in 21 days. And that joke made me laugh my ass off. I said, Thank you, strange skeleton man. That means a lot to me cause I m in a lot of trouble right now. Amy Adams gets on stage to present the award to David O. Russell, or not. She says, David is a wonderful collaborator. Which is the exact language from the video, though she left out the C word, which was smart. And then David O. Russell got on stage, and he gave a really wonderful speech. He s got a lot of wisdom. He sits down. The reporter said, David, what did you think of Mike Birbiglia s joke?  Comedians are gonna make jokes about what they re gonna make jokes about. They came over to me. Mike, what did you think of David s reaction? I said, Whatever he said is fine. And an article came out in Variety magazine that week about the event, and the opening line of the article read, and I quote… Before any winners were announced at Monday s 22nd edition of the Gotham Awards, one thing became clear: Mike Birbiglia will not be in David O. Russell s next picture. I m the joke, later. And I think that s fair. Because if David O. Russell were here tonight, he would say, I was invited to that event to be honored by my peers. And then you, who I d never heard of, got on stage and recited verbatim the most regrettable three minutes of my life, and everybody laughed. And I would say, Excuse me, sir. There s a show going on. He d be escorted out of the building. That s his side of the story. But I want you guys to know my side of the story, which is that I gave it a lot of thought before telling that joke. I ran it by comedian friends. I ran it by my brother Joe, who wrote Christ Will Come at Ten. I ran it by my wife the night before. I said, Clo, can I tell this joke when I know he ll be right there, and it will not go well for him at all? And Clo said, It depends on what you want from the night. If you want to be successful in show business, you probably shouldn t tell the joke. If you want to be true to yourself as a comedian, then tell the joke. And I told it… because I love jokes. I really do. I love jokes. Jokes are meaningful to me. Tonight s show here with you guys is meaningful to me. And the Charlie Hebdo incident in France two years ago was meaningful to me and to a lot of people. After that incident, I read about this peaceful rally in France with almost four million people. It was leaders of Israel and Palestine, people of all religions, and they were gathered behind the idea that despite our differing jokes and opinions, civility is ultimately what matters. And increasingly it matters more, because now you can transmit images and jokes and cartoons and videos across the Earth in seconds. So, people in Russia are our neighbors. People in China are our neighbors. People in Texas are our neighbors. Which, to me, is most worrisome. But it really does beg this question: What does it mean to be a decent neighbor? I think part of it is just listening to people in the context in which they intend their words. You guys could leave here right now and say, Mike Birbiglia got on stage and said Jesus was a Jewish socialist who talks like Woody Allen. Then he said, ‘Nice tits, Betsy, which is sexist. Then he said, ‘Statler and Waldorf are gay, which is homophobic. Then he called his tongue his mouth penis, which is offensive to mouths and penises. Then he made fun of that guy for saying he was arrested by a woman cop. Then he said, ‘? Christ has died, Christ is risen ? which sounded phenomenal but was also offensive. Then he told cat puns for an hour. Which I don t enjoy cause I m humorless. Then he didn t tell one joke about Muslims cause he loves ISIS! Then he said, ‘I m just trying to fucking help you, you cunt! And then he left. And all of that s true. Which is why I m cautious when I tell jokes on stage, because anything can be taken out of context. People s careers are taken down instantly, and some people… are killed. So, I m putting this in your hands. You can choose to leave here and quote me out of context, or you can choose not to. But I trust that you won t. Because we re neighbors. And whether you like it or not… we re married. [cheers and applause] [choral music playing] Thank you. Thank you so much for being a part of this. [choir] ? Christ has lied Christ was imprisoned ? ? Christ will come at ten ? Thank you very much. See you next time, everybody. See you in the neighborhood. [man] Wet Money exclusive! [man 2 laughing] Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah! Pesto. Wet Money. Check it out! ? We had to make a flight, yeah Didn t have time to eat ? ? Threw my stuff in the bag As I jumped onto my feet ? ? The bag was filled with nuts Some bread around cold cuts ? ? I didn t know it was a thing Until a lady started to sing ? ? Nuts in the air, nuts in the air ? ? Everybody wave your nuts in the air ? ? Nuts in the air, nuts in the air ? ? Everybody wave your nuts in the air ? ? Boy, get off the flight I didn t want to fight ? ? Snuck into the end So she wouldn t use her EpiPen ? ? I tried to calm her down Examples from around ? ? Nuts in muffins Nuts in her bread now ? ? Nuts from on the ground ? ? Nuts in the pesto Nuts I ingest-oh ? ? I said, Hey Don t she got that thing? ? ? Where the hell did my sandwich go? ? ? Hey, hey ? ? I swear I just pulled it out Pulled it out ? ? Yeah, and now It s in that lady s mouth ? This is a Mike Birbiglia comedy special! Greatest comedian in the world! He didn t tell me to say that. It s just a thing I think. He would never say something like that about himself. He s very humble. Thank God for jokes, motherfuckers. [air horn sounds]

SARAH SILVERMAN@A SPECK OF DUST@2017@Girls and boys, please welcome to the stage. Sarah Silverman! Hi. Well, thank you. Thank you so much. I am so happy you guys are here. I m sorry about the metal detectors. That is my bad. I, um… Tweeted something, and, uh, it made some people feel the need to express, um, wanting to kill me. And… I m sorry I called for a military coup. I knew it was a long shot. You know, when you re a comedian now, you really have to think things through before you post them, you know, on Twitter. Who do we think we are, presidents? Oh. Not necessary. But appreciated. I m, uh… I m not a fancy person. I don t, um… You know, I m wearing a onesie. I m not… I have friends that love jewelry, and I love them. But I… I don t really understand the value of jewelry at all. That said… I love a nice hotel room. I need a soaking tub. So, I have my things. And I was just on the road, and I got to stay in some really nice hotels. And, um, I ll never complain, because I m so afraid of being, like, a complaining Jew. Which is a stereotype. Based on facts and patterns. And then, like, deducing from those patterns. Why are you selling out your culture, Sarah? Sorry. Did it get a laugh? Yes. Okay. Um… But I did call down. And I was like, Everything is so amazing. Thank you so much. Um, but I… noticed there seems to be, um… semen on the… I think it s called a duvet. And… Or a comforter. And also, um… There s also some on, like, the nightstand. And, um, also, I noticed there s come all over my tits. It s… I m sorry. I just, you know, if there s a… I hate to complain. If there s an upgrade to be had, I would… in I d take it. Can you hear me when I just talk like this? This is a good sound system. You can hear me when I just talk like this? I, uh, got laser hair removal. And… Did you just applaud that? You re like, Finally. I got laser hair removal. I waited a really long time to do it. Uh… I wanted the science to be at its peak. You know, like, we landed on Mars… I think it was August 2012. Are you just impressed that I remember the date? What I m saying is… we landed on Mars in 2012. I waited four more years. And then I looked up the highest-rated laser hair removal place within three blocks of my apartment. And I went there. It was called LaserAway. And, um… it wasn t what I… I think I was naive, and I just thought you go, and you get… And your hair gets removed. But it s a much longer process. For every section of hair you want removed, you have to go have eight separate sessions, you know, like on each… So, for me, I was doing, like, from right below my belly button down to the floor. And then back up to about the middle of my back. And, um… Isn t that funny that that s funny? And it s a lie. I did my arms, too. But, um… I can t lie to you guys. I can t. Uh… Right. So, they make you pay up front. Which makes so much sense, now that I think about it. Because… it hurts so much. By the second session you re like, Oh, I would gladly pay $3000 to never come back here again. That would be a bargain. It s so painful. And I have a… I feel like I have a high pain… I think most women have a high pain threshold. I ve been punched in the face thrice. And that s another story for another time. But I… It s a different kind of pain. It s like nerve ending… Like nerve damage. Like, they give you stress balls, and you squeeze them. And by the time you pry your fingers open, they re just, like, pyramids of powder, basically. It hurts so much. I remember telling myself like, You are a grown woman. That is your money to waste. You earned that money. Throw it out the window. It doesn t matter. And, uh, as I was walking back to my car after the second session… I actually can remember exactly, like, the words I was saying to myself as I was walking to the car. I was like: What you just went through was trauma.  That was traumatic. And right in that moment I got a text message from my boyfriend, who was in Guatemala at the time with UNICEF. And it just said… It said, I just spent the morning with a woman who watched her son get murdered. And I was like, You think that s bad? ‘Cause I have… I have a hard time with perspective. Like, I don t gain it with experience, I guess. I was walking around here in Los Angeles, judging people. And that s not me being my best self. I m not proud of it. But that was just the scenario. And I remember just thinking, like, You fucking… petty, small-minded, materialistic twats. You do not get it. With their, like, $1500 purses. It s a bag. It holds shit. Get a backpack. You re silly. You know? I m like, You don t even get it. We re breathing egos, acting like we aren t a speck of dust on a speck of dust on a speck of dust hurtling through outer space. We re nothing. And then in the very next moment I ll be like: I want my face on money. I really do. I feel like I deserve… I want my face on money, period. I just… I want my period face on money. It s like: No, it s more stoic. It s like: Aw, I just heard my sister laughing. She s dead. No, she s here. I m kidding. She s here. I, um… I had a dog for many, many years. And he was my best friend. And I was always talking to him. Whenever I was home, I was talking to him. And then he died, and I stopped talking to him. Makes sense. Or does it? I don t know. I mean, does that really make sense? He s just as much a part of the conversation now… In a box on my desk. I stopped… This is what it is. I stopped talking to myself because there wasn t a dog in the room. That s crazy. So, now I have a new dog, Mary. I, um… I rescued her. Or I like to think she rescued me. I don t know which is the less cunty way of putting it. But I have her. And she is my world. And, uh, I love her so much. She s my everything. She s young, and she s full of life. And she s obsessed with squirrels. And she s kind of gotten me into it, too. And she s just, like, such a cuddler, and we play. And we, like, spoon at night, and… I m just gonna put a pin in that for a second and double back and say… that squirrel line, I would call that, in comedy, a throwaway joke. I knew it was gonna get a laugh when I said: She s obsessed with squirrels, and she s kind of gotten me into it, too. But you just keep going to that main joke. That s a throwaway joke. It makes it extra cool. Now I ve ruined it cause I doubled back and, like, I m, like, talking about it. Now it s ruined. It s not a throwaway joke anymore. But it was. This is probably for two people in the audience, but I would say a throwaway joke is cool… the way that it s cool, like… I play basketball. If you, like, during a pickup game, you make, like, a sweet three-point shot, and then afterwards, you don t smile. You just go right back into defense. That s the same coolness of a throwaway joke. All right. So… Really? That s never gotten a laugh before. Well, you didn t have to undo it. Keep laughing. So, um… The truth is, I am… I have gotten into squirrels. And now I m gonna get you into squirrels. I m not kidding. Wait until you see. I learned a fun fact about squirrels… that I m so excited to tell you. I can t… I m… Okay, this is what it is. It s this. Squirrels… cannot find 80 percent of the nuts they hide. Are you kidding me? Is that the greatest thing you ve ever heard in your life? First of all, animals aren t supposed to make mistakes. But secondly… I made this realization that is gonna blow… Hold your skulls in, because your brains are gonna fucking explode. That s how trees are planted. Are you fucking kidding me? That s how trees are planted. God, or the universe, or nature, or whatever the fuck, created this anxiety-ridden… Paranoid cokehead… that thinks that everybody wants their acorns. Nobody wants your acorns. No one else in the world eats acorns. Only you. That they hide them everywhere. And then they re so fucked up on coke… They can only find two out of every ten. Squirrels plant trees. In Israel. Right. That I added. That s not true. I added that. So, Mary is my dog. And I love her. And she got me into squirrels. And she s young, and she s full of energy. But… she s dying… in that, it s out there. It might be in two weeks. It might be in 12 years. But it s out there, and it s looming over me. And my heart can t take it. I made a mistake. I shouldn t have gotten another dog. It s too much. I m… Don t judge me. I m gonna put her to sleep now. I just… I need it to be done. And you know what? In my defense… in the scope of history… whether she dies tomorrow when I put her to sleep, which I m doing… Or she dies naturally in 12 years, it s not even a blip in the scope of history. It s the same exact time. So, I m right. And I… And she won t die in vain, cause I ll crucify her. Oh, my God. How cute would that be? I didn t tell you, she s little, and she s got, like, long legs. And, like, her feet kind of naturally do that thing anyway. And then like: Oh, I would have to break her arms. I would. Listen, if you wanna be a legend, you ve gotta suffer. You think Jesus would be famous if we put him down like a household pet? No. Jesus, son of God… died for your sins… uh, in his sleep while surrounded by his favorite toys? That s ridiculous. I m gonna… Okay. I m gonna be indulgent… and tell a story that s just a true story. Um… It s about one of my sisters. I have three sisters. This is about one of them. Um… I won t say which one. But… her name is Jodyne. Um, Jodyne went to Boston University. And if you re familiar with BU, they have coed dorms. Which most universities have now. Um… But they have coed bathrooms in the coed dorms. And Jodyne, uh, got the drunkest she had ever been her freshman year, like so many freshmen do. And she stumbled back to her room, and she managed to get her, uh, jeans off, you know, and just passed out in a T-shirt and underwear. And a few minutes later, the room started spinning. And she ran to the bathroom, and she started throwing up. And she s vomiting. And while she s vomiting, she can feel that somebody is tugging her underwear down. But she couldn t turn around or stop it, um, because she was throwing up so hard. And she s vomiting and vomiting, and they re tugging her underwear down. It s going down, all the way down to the ground. And she finally finishes throwing up, and she whips her head around to see who s there. But she didn t see anybody. Because she had been shitting herself. That s… That s a true story. I m gonna say… Like, I would call that a relief laugh. Or, like, a release laugh. I know that I m your show. But you have to understand, like, you re my show. And you were so beautiful. You were so… You had so much empathy. You were so worried. You could hear a pin drop in this story. It was so nice. And, you know, I understand. You thought she was gonna get raped. And she thought she was gonna get raped. She thought she was about to get raped. And I ve really thought about this. And I… I think this may be one of the only scenarios where you can look down at a pair of underwear… just: Just filled with your own shit… and think, Oh, thank God. Oh, my God. Oh, literally, yay. My sister came to visit me. Not the shitting in her pants sister, but the, um… My oldest sister. Although, I m sure she s shit her pants. She s a Silverman, after all. Uh, no, this is my oldest sister, Susie. She is a rabbi. She lives in Jerusalem. Um… Oh, my God, a godless comedian and, like, a total God-person rabbi are sisters? What must that be like? is something you can muse about in the car. So, Susie came to town. And she said, Sarah, I m meeting my friend Amber tomorrow. And then she told me all about Amber. She s like, Amber is so amazing. She was born and raised in Ethiopia. She single-handedly ran an orphanage there. She s so inspiring. I m meeting her tomorrow at 8 a.m. Can we use your apartment to meet? And I said, Of course, sure. You know. Use your key. I ll be sleeping. But, yeah. So, the next morning, she forgot her key, of course. And she s knocking at the door, and I go to answer the door. My eyes are, like, glued shut. And I open the door, and she goes, Sarah, this is Amber. And I said, Amber, it s so nice to meet you. I ve heard so much about you. And I grabbed her hand. And her hand was a hook. And… Not important to the story, just for color, both of her hands were hooks. But, um… I was in too deep. I just… I shook it. I shook her hook. And it was such a false moment, too. I m sure she would have appreciated if I was like: You have a hook for a hand. I don t know what the etiquette is. And she d be like, Thank you for being real with me. Nobody s ever real with me. Yes, you can shake it, whatever. And then we would be real friends, and we d probably have inside jokes, and that s how it plays out in my mind. But… I just shook her hook as if to say: This is what a hand feels like to me. Bye. And went back to sleep. And pretended it was all a neat dream. But Jesus Christ, rabbi. She must have told me nine things about Amber. Two of them should have been hooks, right? I m not being an asshole. Minimum. She s got hooks for hands. She s amazing. She lives in Ethiopia. She single-handedly ran an… That would have made more sense. She s brilliant, she s inspiring. Double back, just a reminder… she s got hooks for hands. But not Susie, not the rabbi. She doesn t see color. She doesn t even see hands. That s how amazing she is. I m a… I m a… I m a very sexual person. Um… You can always tell a sexual person because they, um, tell you as a segue to their next bit in their stand-up act. It s kind of a little hint. I am, though. I… I know that it s cool to talk crazy during sex, and I… I have tried that. And it doesn t work for me, because I just… I find that the truth, uh, gets in the way, I guess. Like, I… Like, God, your cock is so… Oh, no, never… It was a shadow. What I do, I feel like, is way crazier. I like to talk crazy right after sex. When things have calmed down a beat. Get right in his face, real quiet. What do you think would happen if I went to the hospital and got a rape exam right now? Yeah, what do you think? You think they d find your semen all over and inside me? ‘Cause I do. Oh, I really do. Maybe you should tickle my back till I fall asleep. Is that a good idea, motherfucker? My boyfriend s foreign, so, then I get, like, really nose to nose with him and go, USA s number one. He ll be like, Number one in what?  You don t worry about it. It s important to us that we re number one. Juvenile diabetes. What is the etiquette…? I don t know if there are, like, any Emily Post-ish people here. But for postcoital cuddling, uh, or after-sex cuddling, if you re stupid, what is the…? What is the etiquette for where I would put my… his asshole fingers? Is it just straight out to the side? Or… under a pillow? Or just… Just sever it. Just cut it off completely. That s… That s what happened to Amber s hands. I m kidding, you guys. Come on. Relax. It was land mines when she was 7. Look, sometimes I like to end a joke with a sad truth. Thank you, Jodyne. You re killing it, Sarah. We give our daughters Barbie dolls so that they have an image of what they should look like when they grow up that is not attainable so that they can learn that they re a piece of shit and they should kill themselves. It s so important. We have to teach them young. I m not sure, uh… who designs the schematics of these Barbie dolls, or Bratz dolls, or any of the sex-worker dolls. I m not sure who we re protecting. Uh… Where the obscenity lies, or… Okay, so, Barbie. Like, her legs are twice the length of the rest of her body. And her feet are just: They re just on tiptoes. She can only wear high heels. She couldn t wear flats if she wanted to. When she s taking a shit at 3 in the morning, she s in heels. ‘Cause she s a lady. Her breasts… Okay. So, uh… she only has, like, the big, fat, shiny part of the breast that guys jerk off to. We have to protect our daughters… from the life-nourishing nipple. We… That s just too obscene. No nipples. We can t have our daughters seeing what nourishes life. Just the part that can sandwich a hard cock. No pubic hair. That is attainable. You re right, audience. You know what? Thanks for keeping me honest. That s important. It is attainable. Not everybody can pull that look off, but yes. People always want Angelina Jolie s lips. And I m not bragging. I basically have Angelina Jolie s lips. It s not all it s cracked up to be. But, um, mine are in my underpants. But… That s why I like a nice… groomed but triangular… nuanced bush. That doesn t technically make sense, but it sounded fancy. I did a, um… Art reflects life. Okay? And then, uh, life informs art, you know? And then, um… But we don t… Movies, I don t feel like really reflect life totally for women. It s more of like a male s projection of it. It s getting a little better, but even in artsy-fartsy movies, like, if you see a woman masturbating in a scene, she s always on her back. All dreamy and sexy. She s never on her stomach, dead-eyed and slack-jawed, like it is. It s work. We learn what love is from movies and television, and it s ruined love for us. Romantic comedies, all that shit, it s ruined love. We… It s taught us that we are incomplete people who need to find that one person in the whole world that will complete us. I promise you, there are thousands of people that are perfectly good matches for any one of you. And I don t want to be complete… I don t… I m working very hard to be a complete person every day, you know? I don t… I don t wanna make you whole. I want you to come whole. I want you to be in… And I know I just said come hole. Another thing Barbie does not have. That would be a really weird feminist stance. Why doesn t Barbie have a come hole?  I don t know. What is that? It s subjective. Noted. I did a fundraiser here a few years ago with, um, my friend Lizz Winstead s organization, Lady Parts Justice. Check it out. And, uh, it was basically… I always say it was like a, you know, um, right to choose kind of thing. But it was, technically, literally, just for women in Texas. Because, at the time, every abortion clinic was being shut down in Texas. They were down to five. It s since gotten much worse. But, um… And we just literally wanted to raise money to give to women in Texas so they could, like, hire a babysitter while they drive 12 hours to get an abortion. Or an affordable mammogram, or a, you know, pap smear, or whatever. And, uh, so, we did this show, and there were protestors outside. Um, you know, right to life, uh, Westboro Baptist Church-y, NPR people. And… Not NPR. NRA. That is… They are different. Completely different tote bags. Um, and they were outside protesting. And I m not gonna shit on them, because I am them. We re the same. You know, I m the product of how I was raised. I was raised by a couple of liberal bleeding-heart Democrat Jews, and now I am one. And I would love to think that I d get there on my own, but probably not. I m the product of how I was raised. And these people were raised by people who loved them who said, There are people out there that want to murder babies. If I was that kid, I d be like, We have to stop them. And I d be outside there protesting. So, I went outside, and I just wanted to say hi and show a warm, friendly face to baby murderer. And I said, uh, Hey, hi. Isn t it great…? I just wanna say , isn t it great that we live in a country where I can put on this show because it s something that I believe in, and you can protest this show because of what you believe in, and we can occupy the same space peacefully? And he said, God, you re totally right. I m just kidding. He goes, You re going to hell. And I was like, Okay, nice to meet you. But there was, like, a 9-year-old girl there with a little pink cardigan. And she had a huge… She had a sign, like, twice her size. And it said, uh, Abortion is bloody murder. And the bloody was, like, in red paint, dripping down. And that was the first time I was like, Oh, they had to go to, like, Michaels or Blick s or something and buy crafts. Hobby Lobby, probably. And she goes: God hates you. And I was like, Do you really think God hates? And she goes, Yeah, he hates you. And then… Oh, I told her a doodie joke. And she was like: It really is the great unifier. But she is right. Abortion does kill, like, your whole day. It literally sucks the life out of you. Look, I know those last two jokes, they aren t smart. They have nothing deep to say. They re just wordplay. But I love them like my… very own aborted fetuses. Um… Put a pin in that. Congratulations, Texas. Texas was almost the third state… uh, but then a judge put the kibosh on it. You should know this. I m not blaming you for not knowing about this law, because we ve been… Just atrocity after atrocity has been coming at us every day. But you re not gonna believe this. It s true. They have a law where if you get an abortion in those states or have a miscarriage, you are responsible for paying for a funeral for the fetal tissue. What? What? Crazy. And heinous. And I want to speak at those funerals so bad. He died the way he lived. The size of a sesame seed with no discernable brain function. He will be returned now to the soil… where he will… I don t know, get eaten by a cricket, maybe. So, anyway, this fundraiser. This is the thing, is the religious right knows that it will be a bear of a… Not the religious right. I guess the government now… knows that it would be a bear of a job. To overturn Roe v. Wade, to just make abortion illegal all at once. So, what they do is they chip away at it from the sides, you know. They make little laws, insincere laws, that kind of are an ends to their means. You know, uh, All right, uh, your clinic has to have hallways that are 18 feet wide. And then the clinics are like, We can t… We don t have… I mean, that would cost… We couldn t afford to… . Well, I guess you re gonna have to close, then, aren t you? You know, it s very, uh, Boss Hogg from Dukes of Hazzard or something. You know, like, smashing your headlights and going: Looks like you can t drive. You got a smashed headlight. It s exactly that. And violating… Uh… Infantilizing laws about abortion where women have to think about it. Go home for three days and think about it. Yeah, I think I ve been thinking about it, fuckface. Or, like… Violating ultrasounds, you know, where they shove a camera inside you and make you look at the ultrasound and see the life in your uterus. And… Put a pin in that for a second. Because I have another fun fact for you you re gonna love. This is true. Scientists have known this for almost two decades. If you believe in science. That… And this is it. Sperm can smell. I know… I know sperm can… We all know sperm can smell. But… Sperm cells… Seashells by the seashore. Sarah, come on, focus. This is a big night. This is serious, though. Sperm cells have a sense of smell. They have olfactory senses. That s true. And you know what that means. That means that sperm is life. And you know what that means. We ve gotta legislate that shit. We have to protect the babies. I… I just wanna save the unborn babies. That s all I m worried about, and this is what we re gonna do. The next time you feel like you re gonna jerk off into a gym sock or down your shower drain or, uh… I don t know why, I peg you as an on the belly guy. It doesn t matter, though. It doesn t matter. Whatever your jerk-off style, there is no judgment here. I was right, wasn t I? I have a sense. If only that was a superpower that could help the world. But… This is what we re gonna do. Before you do jerk off, whatever style it is… Um… I feel like keeping going. Like… you are like a hands-free fucking the mattress. Like, you re just flat… Blink once if… I knew it! You guys are humoring me. You guys are nice. All right. Come on, Sarah. Before you do it, you re gonna come on down to the clinic. We re gonna take a long, thin… Like a knitting-needle-shaped GoPro camera, basically. It s gonna go up your urethra, your penis hole. Up, up, up. Really picture it. And then down, down into your testicular sac. We re gonna bring the ultrasound around, and you re gonna be able to actually see the life in your balls. I truly believe… that most men will not even want to jerk off after that. And that s a beautiful thing. Show business is so weird. I don t know why this is when it really struck me. But I did an episode… A few years ago, I did that show, The Good Wife. Okay? And it s, like, a law drama. And it was really fun. And maybe it s cause I was, like, sitting and watching a lot of them shoot. You would never believe how show business works. It s so crazy. Like, okay. Let s see if I can explain this. Like… It s… So, this scene is a big boardroom scene, right, cause it s a law drama. And it s got a bunch of characters in it. And they re all talking, and all this shit happens in it. So, the first shot they do, they do a big, wide shot of the whole scene with all the characters and everything. They do that a few times. Then they go in close and they shoot, like, a tight shot where it s just, like… You only see, like, three of the characters. And when they exit that scene, like, in our minds we see the whole room because we ve seen it before. But in reality, when they re shooting it, the rest of the room isn t even there. It s, like, filled up with, like, reflecting boards and cameras and lights and, you know, all this other shit, you know. I don t know all the words. Cameramen and, uh, all that shit. So, it s like, uh, Christine Baranski will go: I want those papers on my desk Monday morning. And she s literally in her skirt suit and heels. Christine Baranski in a ball because she can t leave entirely, cause there s so much shit blocking the way. But she has to get as low as possible so she doesn t block the lights for the rest of the scene, for the actors that are still in the scene. So, she s like this. And then Josh Charles is like: She s a piece of work. I ll see you Monday. Everything you watch is that. I just burped. I m a human being. I was, uh… Three weeks ago, I was at a red light. No, put a pin in that for a second. Okay. I took an acting class when I was 10 in New Hampshire. This goes together. And, first of all, this acting teacher was mean. I remember he said, like, um… Oh, one assignment was, bring in your favorite song and, like, act out to it. And then I brought in my favorite song, which is, like, um… ? Just a city boy Born and raised… ? Don t Stop Believin . Sorry. And, like, I thought that acting was mouthing it. So, I was like: And he went bananas on me. And you know, I wish at 10 I had the wherewithal to be like: You know what? He s probably going through something.  That s his. No. I didn t know to do that when I was 10. I just assumed I was a piece of shit. But that s not the story I wanted to tell. So, the first day of acting class, he said this: Acting…  is reacting. And I m like, What does that mean? Like, re ? I knew re meant again. So, I was like, Acting again? Anyway… Three weeks ago, I was at a red light. And I was like: Oh, reacting. Right. Oh, yeah. I agree with that, yes. Acting is reacting. You should have said it that way. Latent… realizations. That s the theme of this chunk when I do my special. Latent… Latent realizations. Like… Okay, I had to go to sleepaway camp… every year since I was 6 years old. And, uh, it was terrible for me because I was a chronic bed wetter till I was, like, 15. So, it was a nightmare. I learned a lot of skills, like complete disassociation. Making a cot over soaking-wet sheets while I stink like piss and pretending like that s not the case. What kind of parents would send a chronic bed wetter to sleepaway camp? They must be monsters. No. They re not monsters. Here s the thing. Okay. Like, my dad… his dad beat the shit out of him every day. And then during the school year he was sent away to goyim. To boarding school. I m sorry. To boarding school. And then at boarding school… he got the shit kicked out of him every day, called a dirty Jew kike, because it was back when, like… America was great. And… And then in the… All right. That was pretty good. And then in the summertime, he went to camp and blossomed and was a star and was, like, everything he wanted to be. And so, parents, they just think… You know, he just thought, No, camp is great. It will define her. It will be her joy. Because that s what it was for me. You know? So, I had to go to camp. And as a compromise, he would give me joke books. Because I loved jokes. And then, also, maybe I d make friends that way. So, I remember the summer I was 8 because I had just learned to read when I was 7. Someone in the audience when I was in Vermont was like, I was 4. Fucking good for you. I was 7. I learned to read when I was 7. So, I was 8, I was excited. I had books. I was gonna read. And my dad has no boundaries. I don t know if he flipped through these at all or didn t. Um, but it was Truly Tasteless Jokes book one and two. And I remember the first joke on the first page. It was a paragraph long, but I can tell it in two seconds. It was Little Red Riding Hood, blah, blah, blah. And then the big bad wolf is like, ‘I m gonna eat you. And then Little Red Riding Hood s like, ‘Eat, eat, eat. Doesn t anybody fuck anymore?  And I m like, What does this mean? Then when I was 30 I was like, Oh, Jesus Christ. That s so inappropriate. He was, uh… My dad isn t… He has no boundaries. He s not approp… I don t really… He… He treated us like bros. Like, um, I remember one time when I was really young, he and my mom went on a double date. And when he came home, he, like, plopped down on the front hall… There was, like, a bench in the front hall. And I was sitting there, and I asked him how it went. And he was like, Oh, it was the fucking worst. Uh, we were supposed to go out with the Sterlings, and then only Mr. Sterling showed up. Because he said Mrs. Sterling had her period. And when she gets her period, it comes out like liver. And I m like, ‘I don t need to know that.  I was like, Dad, I get it. Like, I m 5, and I don t even need to know that. But my dad, um… Camp was where he thrived. And, like, they re still his best friends to this day. His best friends are his friends from camp. And he s about to be 80, and they re having a reunion, even. And he has a picture of all of them, uh, when they became counselors. And it s amazing. It s from 1953. And I said, Dad, you have to send me this. And he sent it to me with, like, a glossary of who everybody is and what they re doing now. And it s like: This is Phil Holman. He s a judge now. This is Arnie Goldstein. You know, he owns Martin s House of Cloth. This is Danny Gold. Danny Gold once gave Punchy Kramer a BJ and we all watched. This is Cy Schwartz. He works at the Clam King. This is bah, bah, bah. He da, da, da. This is Morris Simon. This is Punchy Kramer. This is, you know, blah, blah, blah. I m like, Dad, open with it or close with it. He has no sense. So, he went to camp all the way up until he became a counselor. And, uh, you know, we think of counselors, like, as grown-ups. But, you know, they re 16-year-old kids. So, for each camper, he had to fill out a form, uh, every week for each camper. And it would say, like, Is he behaving? Is he sleeping? Did he brush his teeth? Did he go to the bathroom? And under that it said, L/H. And my dad didn t know what that meant. But he was too embarrassed to ask anybody. So, he just used his logic, and he s like, Okay. It comes after bathroom, so it must mean… ‘loose or hard.  So, for a summer… My dad had his campers come get him… after they took shits… so that he could go look at them… and make a rough guesstimate… if it was indeed loose or hard. I love that so much. It just means there s, like, a generation of old men in therapy… who are like: Well, I did have a camp counselor that was, like, obsessed with my shits. Is that…? You were sexually abused. Oh, it meant letter home. But thank God he didn t ask. That would have been so embarrassing. My parents got divorced when I was 7. And my mom went back to college to get her degree. And my sisters were older. So, I got babysat by nuns. I went to, like, a nun… A convent, I guess. But it looked like a… Like a Victorian house or something, where nuns were. And they had day care. And I have since met amazing nuns. These were not them. These were cunts. They… They were. They hit us. It was… I had not been hit before, you know. And I was so scared of them. Like, if we weren t sleeping on our, like, little mats during nap time, they would hit us. And then, like, um, for lunch we would go out into the woods, cause it s New Hampshire, and they gave us these peanut-butter-and-jelly sandwiches, and we had to eat the whole thing, or they would hit us. And I loved peanut butter and jelly. But this was different. It was peanut butter and jam. And jam is… I hadn t experienced jam before. It s like… It s different. It has, like, pieces in it. But we had to eat the whole thing, or they would hit us. I was so scared, I… ‘Cause I didn t know I could take a punch at that time. And I… Okay, wait. Put a pin in that. Put a pin in that while I tell you something. This is human behavior, that we tell ourselves horror… Horror stories. Horror stories. Horror stories. Horror stories. Horror. Horror stories. We tell ourselves… I said it too many times. We tell ourselves horror stories. That s just the human condition. You know, like we go, uh, I have to pass that crack in the road before that car passes me, or I ll die. That wasn t just you. That s everybody. Everybody does that. My therapist says it s how we deal with mortality. Um, so, I was eating this peanut-butter-and-jam sandwich, and I was telling myself horror stories. And the horror story was… this jam is the nuns period blood. But I had to eat it all. I was so scared of getting hit. I ate it like this. And I gobbled it down. I don t know what… put in my head that… jam would, you know, have, like, chunky liver-like pieces in it. Okay, I m gonna try to tell you this story. I almost died this summer. I really almost died this summer. I, um… I was on the road. Had a shitty sore throat. Didn t think much about it. Kind of turned into a cold, that kind of thing. Uh, then I came home, and I got that same sore throat again. So, I go, Ehh, I m home. I ll go to the doctor. Which I never do. So, I went to the doctor. And, uh, he made me wait, like, a long time. And I was going to go, like, Oh, fuck this. But I stayed. He looks down my throat, and he s like: We re going to the emergency room. I had a… Like an abscess at the top of my… windpipe, which is where your breathing comes from. So, um, like, this abscess was either gonna grow another millimeter and stop my breathing and I would die, or it was gonna explode, and it s filled with poison, and that would kill me. Um… Don t be scared. It s really rare. It s not going to happen to you. Unless it does, I guess. But… So, I had to go to the hospital. And then, um, they put me under, like, a general… Like a… Some sort of drug just to chill me out before surgery. And, like, unbeknownst to me, they re telling my, uh, friend Amy and my boyfriend, Michael, they re like, um, This is a very dangerous surgery. She might not make it. You know, it s very risky. Blah, blah, blah. Meanwhile, I feel fine. And I m just like, I m not high enough. I was complaining that I wasn t high enough. And I can tell you exactly what happened because Amy had the utter distaste to record this whole thing. So… You just see me going like, I m not high enough. And then they re like, You re okay. And then I proved to them that I wasn t high enough, um, by explaining Brexit. And it was very nuanced, and I had opinions. It was, like, really perfect. Like, you can hear the anesthesiologist go, like: Wow, she s right on. And, um… And then, uh, you see me, like, getting wheeled out. And then, um, like, Michael and Amy couldn t come with me, like, past the operating-room doors or whatever. So, as I m leaving, I said to Michael… Which is something we like to do, if the elevator doors are closing or something: I wanna see other people. And then… And then the last thing you see on the video is me looking into her phone and going like, Play this in slow motion on my death reel. So, um… So, then I had this surgery. And I lived. And, um… But it was really… It was a rough week because I have very low blood pressure, I guess. And so, they couldn t put me to sleep for it. And so, I had to have… Once the surgery was done, they put a breathing tube down my throat. And then because it s human nature if you re awake to pull something that s in your throat out, they had to tie my hands down. So, every time I would wake up, I would go to pull this thing out of my throat. And then I would see that my hands were tied down, and then I just thought what anyone would think in that situation, which is, I ve been captured by ISIS. And it was so scary. And then a sister would have to come to my side and be like, Sweetie, you re okay. You just had surgery. They have to have your hand… You know, and then I would understand. And then I would fall asleep, and a minute later I would wake up and the whole thing would happen again. And it was really scary. It was a nightmare. I don t remember… Like, I was awake, but I don t remember anything. And there were a few funny stories. Like, um… I would be really itchy. The medicine that was in me was so itchy. But my hands were tied down. And my sisters would fight with the nurses to just let one hand free so I could scratch. So, they finally did. And, uh, it was… like, I had an itch, like, just vagina-adjacent. And I… It felt… It was, like, so much relief. And then my friend John was standing in the corner. And I guess… I don t remember this. I was told this. I pulled my hand out and then I, like, served it to John. And then, another time, like, my hands were tied down. And, um… That I served it? And then, um… He was like: In my mind. I don t remember. Oh, another time… I was told, a nurse was in the room, and I, somehow, like, even though I had no mouth or hands, but I, like, made it clear to her, like, it was an emergency. I had to tell her something. And they had given me paper and a pencil. And I m writing, and it s, like, so important. And I finally finish, and then I show it to her, and she looks, and it just says, Do you live with your mother? With a picture of a dick. And, I mean… it s really proof that once your conscious mind is out of the way, it s just, like, sheer comic genius. You guys, we ve reached the denouement. Were you making a noise because you re impressed that I knew that word? Thank you. You ve been very vocal, but in the perfect amount. You re welcome. Like, the next time you wanna, like, be like, Yay, for me or something, let s do this. You can go like this: Okay, the denouement. Did I say it right? Now we re gonna have to, like, pick up a shot of you going: Um, yeah, because we re here. Um… Jesus is coming back. Oh, on my back. That s what it is. It was water. He turned it to come. How clever is that? I don t know if there s God. I mean, I cannot imagine there s God. But I don t know. Neither do you, you know? But if there is God, it s a God that s, like, totally fine with murder and, uh, children starving and… spin class. You know, all the… All the atrocities of life. I take… Spin class is great, if you love being punched in the vagina 70 times a minute. While just an ocean… Thank you, Steve Agee. While just an ocean of white people are singing the N-word with such glee. It s because they play hip-hop music in there. Did I need to say that? Oh, my gosh. Were you guys like, Is that what they do in there?  Can I burn calories doing that? Yes. I feel… I feel like a fraud because I feel like I talk so much about God and Jesus and all this stuff, and… I m embarrassed to admit this, but I m going to admit it. I have not read the Bible. I ve tried. I have tried. In my defense, it s unreadable. It s so boring. It s so dense. But it s, like, not as deep as it thinks it is. And it just reads like a super-shitty Game of Thrones spec script or something. When is that coming back, Game of Thrones? – Not until… – June. – April? – June. – June. – June? It just was June. Oh, my God. I love it so much. It s not perfect. It isn t perfect, though. It s like they… ‘Cause, look, everybody wears 900 pounds of armor. Then nothing from here to here. They just have this area to breathe. You know what the number one cause of death is in Game of Throne-y times? Neck stabs. Head-chopped-offs. Throat slits. I m just saying, there s a blacksmith in the fictional past that should be fired. The app that I do Twitter with, I can, um… I just sounded so old saying that. The app that I do Twitter with, it s like I can schedule tweets. Which I like, because sometimes I ll think of two, three tweets. I don t wanna spoil you. I space them out. Many years ago now, the beginning of Twitter, practically, I scheduled a tweet. I scheduled it for 8:05 p.m. Pacific Time. Why would I remember that? Because at 8 p.m. Pacific Time… we captured and killed Osama bin Laden. The Twitterverse was aflame. At 8:05… I tweeted: Why do my dog s doodies come out cold? Let me just remind you, I scheduled that tweet. That s how good I thought it was. And I feel a little bit like Peter Sellers in Being There. Like, people put more depth on me than I have at all. I bet there were people that saw that tweet and were like: You know what? That was cold. But it is our duty. Okay, this is how I m gonna end. I m guessing this is a pretty godless crowd. Um, I like to… I ve been on the road, and I like to end by asking if there s a… Now I feel like a bully because it s so godless. Usually when I m in the rest of the country, I m the only godless one, and then I don t feel like an asshole. But are there any guys here that believe in God? Not like, I believe there s something. I mean, like, an organized religion. Like Christian, Muslim, Jewish, bah, bah, bah… You ve got, like, five seconds to raise your hand, if you re close. Yeah, I didn t think so. Really? Can you come up closer to me so that I m in the light? But just come up to the stage. What s your religion? Uh… I would say I m Christian. You would say you re Christian? There s, like, a lot of different words we could use. I m Protestant. I would probably classify myself as Lutheran. All right. Okay. What is your name, sir? – Troy. – Hi, Troy. – Hi. – Thank you for doing this. This is very brave. We re in Los Angeles. It s very godless. I draw the godless out. So, I don t want you to feel bullied or something. It s okay. I raised my hand voluntarily. What did you say your name was? Troy? – Troy. – Oh, okay. That s fun. All right, Troy. I m dying to ask this question. I m so excited there s a God person here. All right, you re a Christian. – Right. – Protestant area. This is a question… that I think should be one of the big questions, even. Okay. Yes or no… would you let God come in your mouth? – No, no. – No? – No. – Okay, go back to your seat. Oh, my God, no. Thank you very much. Thank you, Troy. No. That s mind-blowing to me. And yet not unique. Not a unique answer, I ll tell you that. I would say the answer has to be yes. Um, but I will tell you that as I ve been touring the country, 80 percent, at least, of men say no, like Troy. So, congratulations on not being unique. And yet being wrong, in my opinion. That is, uh, so petty, I think. You know, it s like, up until now, Troy, you re saying, God… I know that there s AIDS and rape and famine and genocide and murder. But I know you have a plan, and I am your servant. Unless you re serving come. Then I m out. That s so petty. God told Abraham to kill his son. And you know what Abraham said? No problem. Chip! Get down here! I know, I didn t read the Bible, but everybody knows Abraham s son was Chip. And Abraham was gonna murder his son. And then right before he did, God was like, I m kidding. Can I come in your mouth? Abraham s like, Is that a test of my faith? God s like, Sure. Yes. And then God came in Abraham… This is turning into fan fiction. But God came in Abraham s mouth. And Abraham s like: Wow, I really thought that you were gonna stop at the last second like you did with the killing my… Or I guess he d be like, Like you did with the killing my son. God s like, I work in mysterious ways. Thank you guys so much. – Okay. – I m sharp as a tack. – There you go. – But they did just put something in intravenously. And it… And it feels like maybe… I m getting high. Am I getting high? It feels like… It s not that big a deal, actually. It s not very intense. I feel like I could give a… I could argue a political side. Mm-hm. So, tell me… Talk me through Brexit. Brexit is like, you know, the same people that, uh… name their kids… Bentley cause they think that s classy. They are the people voting for Brexit. Completely unknowing, innocent. Uh… Thinking it s in their best interest. They re voting completely against their best interest. These things that the EU provide their lives to make them livable. Uh, they ve just ousted that. And they re counting on the NHS, and that was a big sham promise. Mm-hm. Uh… You know. So, what are you gonna do? There are a lot of Bentleys in the world. A lot of Mercedes and Porsches. And they re gonna be strippers. But some of them might be Supreme Court justices. Mm-hm. And I have hope. And I believe in people. We re all just listening to the same… To different sets of lies. Maybe you should… – And she s still making sense, too. – Maybe you should give her more. I am. I don t feel very high. No, that s right. No, no. That s good. You re perfect. You know… just if people were spoken to… This is what she s like every day. By people who don t have agendas and can just honestly make an earnest decision based on what they think is best for themselves and the country, we would have wild success all around. I know, right? But we don t have that, unfortunately. I m not high yet at all. This stuff is shit. Well… They re gonna roll me into the ER and put me to sleep for a few days with a breathing tube. Some kind of new diet. Is that what you were expecting when you woke up? That wasn t what I was expecting. – Okay. – Bye. I love you both so much. – I love you. – See you soon. See you on the flip side. Michael, I wanna see other people. Damn you. Okay, we love you. Love you. Bye-bye. Play that last bit in slow motion on my death reel.

AMY SCHUMER@THE LEATHER SPECIAL@2017@[announcer] Ladies and gentleman, and all you other motherfuckers, get up off your ass for the baddest bitch: Amy Schumer! -[music playing] -[cheers and applause] Yeah! What the fuck is up, Denver?! [cheers and applause] Thank you so much for coming out. Oh, my God. This is such a big deal for me. I don t know if you guys know this, but this past year, I ve gotten very rich, famous and humble. [audience laughing] Thank you. Thank you. And maybe you caught this. I don t know who saw this. I tweeted out a photo of myself wearing just underwear. Nothing but underwear. [cheering] Thank you, just the women. What the fuck? No! It s too late, sir. This could have been crumpled on your floor in the morning, but no. I like the idea of this being crumpled on someone s floor. Having to put this back on in the morning. Just, like… [grunting] And you re like, Call me. And then– Imagine doing a walk of shame in this shit. You re like, Hi. Taxi. They re like, Hmm. That s an actual trash bag. It looks like a Glad bag. I feel like every comedian needs a leather special. Right? Every comic has some special where they wear all leather, and they regret it later. It s my fucking moment! Leather Special! Whoo! Whoo! Whoo! Whoo! Already regret it. Already regret it. Very overheated. Very overheated. So, I tweet out this photo of myself. I m holding coffee. I m topless in just underwear, and it goes viral. It was everywhere, every news show, every website, and that s when I learned the word you don t want people to use when a nude photo of you goes viral. Brave. Um… Can you imagine? You take your clothes off in front of someone for the first time, and they re just like, Damn! You look mad brave right now. Whoo-ee! Shorty looks empowered! Like, no! As if I m standing there, like, I am brave! No, just fuck me. I am blacking out tonight. I am blacking out tonight. Anybody? [cheers and applause] Who loves you? [speaks in childish gibberish] If you re a real winner, then you ll– Has anyone ever blacked out and been awake when they ve come out of it? -[woman] Yes! -Thank you! Thank you, sister! It s cool cause it s like you re a time traveler. You re just, like, back in your body, like… What are people wearing now? And you just kind of keep moving. I, one time, in college– thank you– I came out of a blackout, and there was a stranger going down on me. So, I was like, Okay. I decided to tap him gently. So as not to startle him, you know? Sir! So– ‘Cause I m laying there, and I m like, What do I know about this guy at this point, right? I know that he has brown hair. And I know that he is a hero. He s brave, okay? He s brave, and I m gonna tell you why he s brave, and this does not leave this theater. And this does not leave your home. Here s why he s brave. On my pussy s best day… It s not every day. It s almost no day. But, you know, you wake up, you re having a good puss day. And maybe you know you re gonna have a visitor, so in the shower, you get very real in there, you know. You pull things back you don t usually. You kind of Minority Report your own pussy. [grunting] You get in. It s like Stranger Things. You just kind of get in. Gotta find Barb, guys. She s in there. If you have access to a detachable showerhead, guess what? I just want you guys to think that that s how big my pussy is. Just like… hmm. It s really like… hmm? After all of that… on its already best day… [groans] my pussy smells… like a small barnyard animal, okay? Small. Small. I didn t, like– not like a big, fucked-up llama, like, chewing and spitting and reeking. No! Little. Like a goat. You just– You buy the food pellets, you know, and you feed it, and it s like… And you re like, Aah! he ate it. You don t go like, Eww! You go, I want to get to a sink. Kind of soon. Kind of soon would be good. [chuckles] ‘Cause it does smell. That s on its best day. On its worst day… after a blackout… ISIS. It s fucked up, guys. It s bad. And you know what? That s fine. That is the nature of a pussy. Right? We re so worried and ashamed. Our moms never sat us down and said, Okay, honey, one day, you re sometimes gonna have homeless pussy. Lights out. Like, no. They don t tell you. And that s just the fucking nature of it. And it s like, we re so embarrassed. I know some girls who won t let anybody go down on them. They re just like, No, I don t know what s going on down there. I m like, What? Like, I will forward your mail. Go. Head on down. Head on down to Puss Town. And– And if that s not your thing, fine, you know? If I ever started dating a guy, and he was like, You know what, it s not my thing, I d be like, That s fine. And then I would invite him to go hiking at Red Rocks, and I would push him off a fucking mountain. Just… [imitates thud] [imitates thuds] Right? And then they come up, and they go to kiss you, and you go… Oh! No. Mm-mm. [groaning] Mm-mm. I don t want to. Yeah, right. Me, I m like… [groans] I love that shit, that s sexy. That s hot. I m like, Mmm. Soup. I… Don t even. I see some of the girls, just a couple, you guys are close. They re like, No… [muttering] Yes. I wish we were raised more like men. Right? Just, like, here s an example of how we re different. We re so worried about our pussies, right? Have you ever had a guy come in your mouth and go… [inhales] Does it taste okay? [whimpering] I haven t been drinking a lot of water, and I was a little worried. [nervous muttering] No! That would never happen. Because, men, you weren t raised to hate yourselves. You were raised, and your parents, they re just like, Everything you do is a miracle. And you re like, Yeah, everything I do is a miracle! And don t get me wrong, you guys. We love your come. Only complaint: We want more of it. More, more, more. We want to do snow angels in it. Yay! Yay! Mmm. Is there anything bad about come? I can t think of anything. Oh, wait, I just thought of something. If you got even a drop of it in your mouth, the rest of the day, you re going… [grunting and exhaling] I m fine. [retching] I m fine. I m fine. [retches] Keep the meeting going. [grunts] [gargling] That is awful. Sometimes I catch a glimpse of myself… on the big screens, doing shows. First of all, I m like, Who s that dude? Like, I seriously– I have good self-esteem, I do. But I ll catch a glimpse of myself on the screen sometimes, and I m like, I shouldn t be here. I should be on a mound, going, like… You know? [deep voice] Good job, ladies. One more, ladies. Let me be real, because I was doing an interview. It was me and Bill Hader, and the interviewer was asking him hard-hitting questions like, What are your favorite German beers? And then he was asking me softballs like, What s it like to fuck you? And Bill was upset. He was like, You don t have to answer that, Amy. And I was like, He s gonna find out anyway, Bill! Shut up, Bill. But I told him, and I will tell you guys exactly what it s like to fuck me. Have you ever seen somebody standing on a box, painted all silver, in a town square? And you don t know if they re alive or not. But every once in a while, just, Boop! You re like, Oh, it s a person! That s what it s like to fuck me. That s it. Like a street performer mime in a town square. Except no one s ever given me a dollar. I don t do shit. I lay there. I either lay on my back, like that, or if I want to blow his fucking mind, sometimes I lie on my stomach, just like this. Comes right away. Men deserve more credit. They do, when it comes to sex. We don t have to do anything. You guys, men, you have to work so hard to fuck us. You have to get hard, you have to stay hard, and you have to go like this. [grunting] I feel like it would be funny to do that longer, but it hurts. I can t believe you guys do that. That sucks for you. My boyfriend usually comes in me. He usually comes in me, but sometimes you want to mix it up. You gotta have fun. We ll be having sex, and then he ll ask my favorite question: Where should I come? First of all, I m like, Thank you for thinking of me. [chuckles] Like… How did I even come up in your thoughts? And… Where should I come? As a comic, I want to fuck around and be like, In this jar! I m just, like… Where should I come? [belches] What do you think? What do you think? There s three answers, right? If you re lying on your back, what are the three places? -[man] Tits! -[second man] Face. -[woman] Butt! -Yes. She goes, Your butt. What? I m laying here. I just went over. I m not on the fucking Broncos or whatever. I m not in practice… [grunting] Your butt. You re so cute. No! He goes, Your head. What are you talking about? Just… [imitates splat] I m the prettiest girl in Colorado.  Your head. -No. -[woman] Tits! Yes. Your tits. Great answer. Your tits. And you have to say it like your psyched about it. Where should I come? You have to go, My titties! And– And he goes, Are you sure? And you go… Uh-huh! Mm-hmm. I love it. I love it. I hate not having come on my tits. I just– Walking around all day, I m at the bank, Zero come on my tits. Ohh. My titties. I also love the question because of the confidence of it, right? Where should I come? I don t know about you guys. I ve never dated anyone with American Sniper type accuracy. Where I could be like, Right here. Hit the moving target. I m like, Okay, Katniss… Um… Now, most of the time– tell me if this is true for you guys– he s like, All right, are you ready? Are those titties ready? And you re like, Mm-hmm. He s like, Here it comes. [imitates dribbling sound] Right on the hand. Just a dribble, just– A second ago, you were the most powerful man alive. Now you re just the last boy at a carnival with a melting ice cream cone. And, God, we don t care. I ve never been, like… [whining voice] Well, you said you d come on my titties. We don t. No girl cares. But then there s that move where in a moment of desperation, the guy will be like… And they try to finger paint. You re like, No, no, no! It didn t happen for you. We re closed. Sometimes it happens. For three seconds, that means you go… Yay! And then you just kind of look at each other, like… And if you re with a really sweet guy, he ll go, Babe, do you want me to go get you a… [snoring] You re like, No, I got it. You catch some much deserved shut-eye. And then that s when we make the shelf. Right, girls? That s what you do. You don t want it to just fucking– You don t want to– So you block it and you walk it. Mm-hmm. It s the saddest shelf in the world. And I ve been to the Anne Frank House. I m a German Jew. There used to be more of us. So… what happened? Oh, my God. It s weird to have a boyfriend. I ve been on the road for so long. I really like having a boyfriend. I really love this guy. I met him on a dating app. Yeah. We met– When I signed up, they were like, Congratulations. You have a free lifetime membership. And I was like, Well, that s discouraging. Like, What the fuck? When I met him, he was the first– He s the only guy I met on there. I liked him right away. I really liked him. I was like, I m gonna make this guy wait. And I did. Like, all through dinner. No, we didn t go to dinner. I– I don t know. I don t have an adult manning the ship. There s no one like, Mnh-mnh-mnh. Not till date seven. I m just– If I want cake, I m like, We re having cake today. If I m wet, I m like, Well, let s get a dick in there. Just… [humming] But I am a germophobe, and that s why I told him, before we did anything sexually, Look, just so you know, I know for a fact that I don t have any diseases left. They all burned out. I was like, What about you? And he was like, I ve never been tested. And I was like, Oh, mysterious. Is David Blaine in the house? We went to Paris. I d never been to France because I m trash. And… we went, and we were excited. We ve been together under a year, so… we ve been trying to keep it pretty sexy, but we both got violent food poisoning. Like, violent. So, yeah. And we re not the couple that s like, I m gonna go take a deuce, babe. You know, like… We re trying to keep it, like– Under a year. We re still lying. So– So, our last night, after all week, we re like, Eiffel Tower– just the biggest dickheads– we both get violent food poisoning, and our hotel was one of the rooms where we had one bathroom, and it was the kind where, like, the bed was right there, then you re in the bathroom, and if you went… [soft grunt] you would loudly hear it. So, it hits him first. And he s in there, just… [retching] And then, the way it manifested itself in me… is– How do I say this and not be gross? I was in the bathroom just, like… [imitating machine gun] Machine-gun shitting out of my ass. Just… [imitating machine gun] Violent diarrhea. He… It s over. I m yelling at him. [imitating machine gun] I m like, It was so cool dating you. Good luck. You re gonna meet the greatest girl. She s out there for you. [imitating machine gun] He s fucking puking. He s putting his head where I was. [imitating machine gun] And this is puke. And it s– And then I thought I was just gonna be the one, the shit one, and he was the puke one, but I m in there, and I m– And then he hears me go, Fuck! And I grab the trash can, and I start… [retching] All my holes. Shit s coming out all my holes. Then I realize there s holes in the bottom of the trash can I m puking in. All over my knees. So, I walk out of the bathroom, and I m like… I m like, Are you gonna propose on this trip? He s like, No, I am not. Oh, God. If you know me, you know I m on the NuvaRing for birth control. That s my thing. It s easy, I don t have to remember to take a pill. Not that I ever have trouble doing that. But the NuvaRing, if you don t know, is this little latex thing you put in the back of your puss. And then you take it out every three weeks and just bleed all over the furniture. Am I using it right? So… I don t know why they won t sponsor me. So, we re, like– You can leave it in during sex. But I wanted to take it out, just, like, the thought of it. So, you got to get in there, it s in the back. So, he s right over me. I m like, Hold on a sec. And so, I stick my finger, and I try to scoop it with my middle finger. And I shoot it up there, and that s when I accidentally went knuckle-deep with my ring finger into my own asshole. I shrieked. I went… [screams] And he went, What? And I went, I put my finger in my butt. And he was like, Can anybody do that? I was like, No! I m not opening up a conversation about this. The mystery is over. We made it through that. I don t know why I m on birth control anymore. You guys know that there s now a male birth control pill. Do you know this? They re still testing it, but I want him to go on it immediately. I just can t imagine that era, though, of guys, like– Imagine you go home with a guy and you re gonna have sex with him, and you get a condom out of your purse, and he just goes… Oh. No. It s cool. I m on the pill.  What? You re on what? His phone alarm goes off. He s like, Excuse me. Pop. No. [sighs] God. Yeah, I m all good. I m so happy to be in this relationship. The only problem is I m not the girl who s like, Yeah, like, ever since we ve been together, I ve just kind of chilled with drinking. If anything, it s skyrocketed. Like– Yeah, I still black out on the reg. I know it s not cool. It sucks because, for years, I ve been blacking out, and I ll just be by myself, and I fart in a pillow, but now there s a witness. I got a witness. It sucks. So, I blacked out the other night. You know how I do. Just a little wine, edibles. I m like, This is missing something. Xanax. Very dangerous. Do not recommend. Okay? But I have a very sophisticated palate. So… I black out. And I just wake up in the morning. I don t even look at him, but I can feel that he hates me. You know that feeling? It s like, What s that in the air? [inhales] It s rage and it s all directed at me, so… I was like, I m gonna play stupid. I just roll over, and I m just… Mmm! Morning! [giggling] So, should we list all the things that we re grateful for? I m grateful for you. [giggles] And he just stares at me. He s just… Well… okay. I m like, Okay, what did I get into last night? Did I just, like, say my prayers and go to sleep? [giggles] Ding! He s like, No. Okay. Did I give you a surprise blowjob? I like the idea of, like, Blowjob? A girl who doesn t know how to do the blowjob symbol. What? And he s like, Ame, any blowjob would be a huge surprise at this point. And I don t want you guys to think I m not giving. I love going down on him. I think you ve got to go down. Go down. I love it. I love him, I love doing it. But there are guys who you go down for 90 seconds, and they re, like… [splat] And you re like, Still got it. And then… There are guys like my boyfriend, where if I want to blow him to completion, it takes between ten and 12 years. And in my twenties, I d roll up my sleeves, crack my– [imitates bones cracking] You know, I have a– All right. [singing practice notes] Red leather, yellow leather. I don t even know that girl anymore. She is gone. That girl gone. I go down for a while, though. I went down on him very recently, and he yawned. [yawns] I m like, If there s a God, he ll put a dick right in your mouth now. Gong! If I m down there long enough that you re yawning, guess what? ? I m coming up ? [humming] Fuck you. I m so fun to date. So, I m like, Okay, what did I do when I blacked out? He goes, Okay. What you did was you started pounding Ritz Crackers. I m like, I m sure I wasn t pounding them. He s like, You looked like a contestant on a reality show. Okay. Then he said I started on the other sleeve. And this is an exact quote. He said that I was using butter as if it were guacamole. Just, Mmm. Just slack-jawed, dead-eyed butter-eating. Then he said that I tried to make two frozen pizzas at once, because I wanted to eat them like a hamburger. And he said that he was like, Ame, what are you doing? And I accused him of judging me. I was like, You re judging me! Chasing him around the apartment. And then he said I got in bed, and I stacked all of the pillows, four pillows on my side, and I put my head right on top. And he went, Amy, we each get two pillows. And I went, Not tonight, motherfucker! [snoring] ? Isn t she lovely ? Hey, thank you. Oh, God. Soon, it ll be just us. Oh, my God. I really love his whole family. No bullshit. They re from the Midwest. Yeah. The happiest people. The happiest people. I mean, in L.A., I feel like they pretend. Everyone s like, I m doing great, and you re like, Stay away from cliffs. But in the Midwest, they re just so psyched. And his mom is the happiest person I ve ever met. Her name is Deb, and Deb is just the happiest person. She gets everything wrong. She ll be like, We took a U-ber here. I m like, What? She s like, I like that boy. What s his name? Seeth Rogen? I m like, That s absolutely no one s name. Everywhere she walks, it looks like she was called out as a contestant on The Price Is Right. She s just, Whoo! I lucked out, though. I promise you I love her. I m not complaining. I feel like I really lucked out because a lot of the guys I ve dated, their moms have had a vibe with them where they re like, Ohh. I wanted to fuck my son. [groaning] No, it s fine. You kids have fun. I just always thought we d wind up together. I don t know. And as the girl, you have to act like it s not happening. Like, a stutter. You have to be, like… So, I know what you guys are thinking this part of the night. You re like, Amy, well, you re really well-read. Um… And I am. Look. Wine. And I don t think I m any better now. You guys, I hope you know. Like, I know I am trash from Long Island. I have a lower-back tattoo that is raised and crooked, and it doesn t mean anything, and I have been fingered by a cab driver. At my request. Constantly reminded, anything good or fancy that happens, I get brought down to Earth right quick. Anything. Like, our TV show won a Peabody Award, which I didn t even know what that was. Very high, very fancy. It s for people in media making a difference. It s a big deal. And the other people there were people like the Ebola fighters, and Malala, and our show, and… so, we go, and we re like, Okay. Thank you for including us. And at the beginning of the awards, they showed a little clip of each person s project. And you don t know what they re gonna choose. And so, first, they show a clip of the Ebola fighters in the suits, this documentary where they go in and they re saving lives, the bravest people in the word. And then Malala. Like, Malala-ing, you know? And then… they show a clip of our show. We re like, What are they gonna choose? We ve done so much for so many. The clip they chose was me taking a giant bite out of a burger, going, I m gonna go make some room, and walking to the toilet. It was Malala being fitted for a glass eye. And then me like, I m gonna take a violent dump. You guys good? The July that Trainwreck came out, two girls named Mayci Breaux and Jillian Johnson were shot and killed at the movie theater when they went to see my movie. And the feeling of putting something out and being excited, and then finding out that these two beautiful, amazing, smart women who just wanted to have a good time, went and got murdered was crushing and… Yeah, and I just wanted to do something about it. I knew nothing about gun violence, and I found out that the guy who shot them was severely mentally ill and a domestic abuser. And I was like, Well, okay. Why could he get a gun? I wasn t educated. But I found out that if you are severely mentally ill or have been convicted of domestic violence, there are loopholes where it s not that hard to get a firearm. And I was like, Well, I really want to help make it more difficult for people who are severely mentally ill or domestic abusers– [cheers and applause] Thank you. I believe in the right to bear arms. Second Amendment, yes. I ve been friends with gun owners. But what I learned was, no matter what you say, as soon as you say the word gun, what gun nuts hear is just, You want to take all our guns! That shifty G wants our guns! I m like, No, you seem great. You should get more guns. Let s get this guy more guns, right? Our Amendment! You re like, Okay, okay.  The government wants my house! I m like, You don t have a house. You live in a trailer with no windows. What are you talking about? And then I found out– and you guys probably already know this– that if you re on the terrorist watch list– like, not just the no-fly list, but the straight-up terrorist watch list– you can easily get a gun. And so, that same guy is like, Get out of our country, foreigner! But while you re here, please, enjoy our firearms legally. If you re blind– If you re blind as a fucking bat, you can walk into a gun store, hopefully. There s more gun stores than Starbucks and McDonald s combined in our country, so your chances are good. You walk in, and you go, I want a gun! And they go, We re over here. Then you go, Oh, okay.  I ll take it. And they go, That s the phone. You go, Oh. Well… Like, all about equal rights for the disabled, but if Stevie Wonder calls me and he s like, You want to go shooting today? I m gonna be like, Hard pass. The thing you look through to aim is called a sight! But you don t need that. They get a gun. So I m like, Okay. I would love it– Can we just work on not giving guns to mentally ill terrorists who are blind and beat their wives?  What?! What s next? You want us to fuck animals? I m like, I ve been fucking animals my whole life, sir. And you know what? I totally hear you guys. You re like, Schumer, you were talking about come all over your tits. Now we have to listen to this shit? But what s crazy is that you can catch a hot load all over your titties and still not want your loved ones to get shot in a theater. [cheers and applause] You know what? I don t know if you guys noticed, but I am what Hollywood calls very fat. No, you guys know. You know me. I feel very good in my own skin. I feel strong. I feel healthy. [cheers and applause] I do. I feel sexy. Also, like, my dad has MS and is in a wheelchair. And it s, like, I m just so psyched I can fucking move. I m just like, Fuck you. How are you gonna complain? [mutters] How do I get rid– Shut the fuck up! You re alive. You can move and we feel good. And, you know, I bought into it, because when I was doing my first movie, Trainwreck, before I did anything, somebody explained to me, they were like, Just so you know, Amy, no pressure. But if you weigh over 140 pounds, it will hurt people s eyes. And I was like… [groans] I just bought it. I was like, Okay, I m new to town. And so, I lost weight, and I think you should feel healthy and take care of yourself. But I don t believe in, like, crash dieting or starving yourself. Like, get the fuck out of here. No. Let s just, you know– It s just not right. Yeah, so, thank God I look very stupid skinny. My dumb head stays the same size. But then my body shrivels, and I just look like a Thanksgiving parade float of Tonya Harding. I m just like, Hi! Nobody likes it. It s not cute on me. So, I, like, gained all this weight back. I just revenge-ate as soon as the movie was over. I was just, I couldn t have pizza. I couldn t have– Like, everything. And I got worried, because it gets in your head, just everything on television and movies and magazines and the Internet. All the women are just beautiful, like, little skeletons with tits, and you re just, like– All day I m looking at the Hadid sisters and, like, those Jenner things, and you re just, like… And I got worried. I gained weight. I m like, Oh, my God. Are men gonna still be attracted to me? And that s when I remembered– I always forget this– it s another reason I love men so much. Men, each day, have a thought that goes through their head where they re, like… I don t know why, but I want to put my penis right in your butthole. A couple times a day, someone walks by. Huh. You know, just… They re like, Look, it doesn t make sense to me, either, but I know for a fact I want to take the most sensitive, intimate part of myself and just, like, ram it right where you poop. Just, like, ram it! [grunting] They re thinking that, and I m over here like, Oh, should I get highlights? Like… He doesn t care! He doesn t care. Honey, do you like my new nail color? It s ballet slipper.  I would fuck you if your head was a ballet slipper. I don t care. We work so hard, and they don t fucking care. Isn t that a relaxing thought? Like, not anal. But, like, men will fuck us, you know? If they fuck us, they will come. It s a beautiful, easy sweatshirt that s available on my– No, I m just kidding. I am the shittiest famous person, okay? I m a shitty famous person. Yes, I know. I always– I can t believe it s still going on. I say what I mean. I dress like garbage. Like, my sister and I… And I tried really hard. I m like, Okay, like, let s do our best and tape it up and spackle it down and… [groans] But after I leave here, I will look like a newly homeless person very quickly. Very quickly, trust me. My sister dresses the same, but they ll still write about us as if we re the Kardashians. They ll be like, The Schumer sisters stepped out today. Amy opted for performance fleece… and a pleather jacket from Forever 21. And my favorite thing they ever wrote was, And Kim chose to wear a bright red-and-gold beanie to add to her ensemble. It was a Gryffindor hat. Like, look at this. It s a fucking Gryffindor hat. The most disappointing people ever to be photographed. Look at this. It looks like we were moving, and we ran out of bags, so we re like, Let s just wear it all. We ll just wear it all. Never a bra. Never a problem. Look at my sister s shoe game. Can you check this out? Ballet flats from Payless. H&M zebra pants. What s up? What s up now, Internet? They photographed me once, and this was the headline: Schumer buys pastry so she can work out. Kind of mean, right? No, they hit the nail right on the fucking head. That s what I do to work out. That s what I do. Before I work out, I go buy a scone, and then I slowly walk around a reservoir, and I eat it. My workouts are like a woman in hospice. Just, like, nibbling on a baked good, looking at the trees and the birds. Mmm. I m so disappointing to them as a famous person that they ll try to make it sound sexier than it is. They re like, Schumer flaunting her legs in teeny-tiny shorts. And you guys have eyes. You understand that that is not available to me. Like, there s no separation between church and state up here, okay? This area does not– There s no– It s not happening. I didn t even know what a thigh gap was. I was like, Is that like the wage gap? Do we need to rally against this? Since I m ten years old, I can t wear tiny shorts. If I take one step, all the material shoots up my pussy. I have to pull it out like a magician. A fucking dove. Just, like, Fly! I have to lather deodorant in my crotch, so I don t chafe to the point of bleeding out. Right here is when my thighs stop touching for the first time. Together. Apart. Together. Apart. Together. Apart. The fucking teeny-tiny shorts. Fuck you! Fuck you. I got photographed paddleboarding, standup paddleboarding, which– Can we all just agree to stop pretending like that s fun? What do we– Just what? Would you like the sensation of being in a canoe, without the comfort of a seat or the safety of sides?  No.  Have you often wondered what it s like to work on a gondola?  I can t say that I have. No. The picture of me, I didn t even recognize myself because, obviously, I don t suck in anyway. It was just, like– I looked at it, and I was like, Oh, my God, Alfred Hitchcock is alive… and loves water sports! Fuck, yeah, you know? I was so psyched. Honestly, the only thing that gets me through the night, the only thing, is that I believe in my heart that Bradley Cooper wants to fuck me. Now, no one else believes me, especially not him. But I believe it. I believe it in my heart. Now, maybe you re like, Bradley Cooper doesn t really do it for me. Hmm. Shut the fuck up. Yes, he does. He s the kind of hot where when you see him, you don t even mean to, but your body just, like, pivots around. And you just, like, grab your toes. You re just like, Okay. By the way, that s as far down as I can go. That s it. Look, we got a little more. But I m kind of tilted. He s the kind of hot where when he s talking to you, all your holes get wet. You re just like, What? Why here? Like… His eyes change color and shit, you guys. So, he s talking to me at this event, and I don t even think I m registering as a sexual person to him, because I m thinking of myself like I m on a mound, you know? And… I m just like, Sick party, right, Coop? Like, I m not– I m trying to help him get out of the conversation with me. I m like, Okay. Because all these gorgeous girls are around, just foaming at the mouth, just like, Oh, let me at that dick hole. And… And I tried to get him out of it. I m like, All right. Have a good night. And he s like, Wait, Amy. It s really good to see you. Let s hang out. I m like, Okay… my new boyfriend. Fully went there. And then… Then we talk a little more, and then 20 minutes go by, and I m like, Okay, I m gonna grab my seat. And he grabs my wrist. He goes, Wait. It s, like, really good to see you. Why don t we, like, spend some time together? [humming Bridal Chorus ] I, like, put my napkin over my head. I was like, I do! I called my friends from high school on the way home. I m like, Take me out of your phone. I m with Bradley now. I m at a new level, and you re not coming with me. You re out! And then the next night, I m doing a show in Reno, Nevada, because you can have it all. And I m watching the White House Correspondents Dinner. And they re like, And here s Bradley Cooper. And I m like, Hi, baby. And they re like, And here is his girlfriend. And I m like, But I m his girlfriend. It turns out I am not his girlfriend. He is dating an actual angel named Irina Shayk. She s a supermodel. She doesn t resemble a person at all. It looks like if a panther fucked a gazelle… and then, like, they fucked Gisele… and just shot out the hottest piece of ass you ve ever seen. She doesn t walk. She, like, slinks around. And she s– The way she talks, she s like, I m from nine hours by dogsled outside Moscow. She can only see through the tops of her eyes. [moaning] She s so fucking hot. You can just tell that she s always wet, like, the way she moves. Like, once a boyfriend brought out lube, and she s like, I laugh at your lube, Bradley! And I m just watching this in fucking Reno. I m like, Bradley? Bradley, it s me! Like, I was thinking I was gonna be rolling around on a beach with him. And, I don t know, is this me? Is that my ass? I know we have– Definitely, there s a picture of me. Is this me? Or is this me? I can t– Fuck! Which one is me? Is that me? Or is that me? I don t know. And I was like, You know what? Fuck her. That bitch will never be brave. Thank you so much! I love you! [music playing] Oh, wait. Is that guy picketing my show? [indistinct chatter] I don t know. I feel like he s yelling at the people going to my show. And you know what? He s right. He needs a better megaphone. [man] Ha ha. -Are you guys engaged? -Yes. Can I be in the picture? [man] Down here, gun control is when you hold it with two hands. Oh, that s very funny, Gary. How about holding the steering wheel with two hands. How does that sound? [laughs] Here are the real stars of the show. Whoo! She runs out of lipstick because her lips are so luscious. I m glad I m not wearing a skirt because these people would fully see up my entire twat. Do people still say twat ? [crowd cheering] [woman] So easy.

JIM GAFFIGAN@CINCO@2017@ Aah! Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Aw, thank you. Lower your expectations. Thank you. Thank you. It would have been weird if you didn t clap, I guess. If I walked out and you re like, Mm. Well, let s see. Let s see how fat this bastard got. And the answer is, Fatter. I gave up a long time ago. Now it s like it s happening to someone else. Oh, someone should do something. I feel like I m witnessing a forest fire. I hope they can contain it. Change the channel. This is real. This isn t a prosthetic. I did it myself. It s organic. I am a fat guy. There s indications. I ve caught myself unconsciously covering my stomach with my arm. That s a total fat-guy move. Now I m thin. Can t see my belly. Fat, thin. Maybe I hope people will look at me and think, Is he holding a baby? Oh, he s thin and nurturing. What a fella. I know these pants are tight. That s a little gift for the ladies. And some of the fellas! Can t control who I turn on at this point. These pants are tight, but after I wear them for a week, they ll look fine. That s my approach with clothing. Eventually the clothes go, All right, I ll adjust. You can get bigger pants or I could just stretch out. Whatever works for you, Jim. By the way, this shirt, when it s untucked, goes down to like here. It s frightening. It s so long. I look at it on my bed. I m like, Is that my shirt or a sleeping bag? It s huge! But then when I put it on, I m like, It s a little tight. Where am I going, rollerblading? But I don t care. Did that sound believable? ‘Cause that s our go-to, right? When there s something we can t control, we just act like we wouldn t want it anyway. I don t care. Who d wanna be thin? Who d wanna look healthy and attractive? Everyone. Not me. I d rather look like a marshmallow with a wig on. Oh, I have a new belt… cause my old belt looked like it was tortured on Game of Thrones. I don t know what happened to it. I think it s cause I don t like to give up on the belt hole. I m like, We re still good. My poor belt was like, I could have been a watch band for David Beckham. But a belt for a fat guy serves a different purpose. A thin person wears a belt to hold up their pants. These pants aren t going anywhere. A fat guy just wears a belt as a distraction. Distracting from the fact that this is all the same surface. It s just a mini equator… separating the northern hemisphere from the southern blob. And the wider the belt, the greater the illusion. That s just science. That s why Santa Claus… Santa s belt is like a conveyor belt. It s not even holding up his pants. It s keeping his jacket closed. And we re leaving cookies out for that slob? Of course, Santa wears suspenders under his coat. Suspenders, the last stop for the fat guy. Because eventually the gut gets so big, the pants need to be suspended… like a bridge. The belt no longer fits across the equator. It must be buckled underneath. Instead of holding up the pants, it drags them down. ‘Cause every action has an equal opposite reaction, forcing one to choose between suspenders or a lifetime of plumber jokes. Sad. Thank you for being here tonight, by the way. Okay. This is my fifth hour-special. I have one for each of my five children. So, hopefully, this is the last one. Yeah. It s beautiful here. I hope you had a nice summer cause there s pressure to enjoy summer. Right? I m from the Midwest. It s almost a panic. Go out there. Have fun. Winter s coming to kill us. Go! Get skin cancer now! ‘Cause there s an expectation of fun during summer. In winter, we discuss summer with such reverence. In January, you d think we were talking about a family pet that passed away. Remember summer? I miss summer. I have photos of summer. That s when we were a happy family. Summer s presented as a vacation. It s like a three-month vacation for nobody but children. And who doesn t deserve a few months off after the rigors of kindergarten? I have five young children, during summer, they lounge around like they ve just returned from fighting ISIS. Third grade was a beast. Summer vacation does kind of set up an adulthood of disappointment. That first job, you re like, I have to go to work in July? What is this, Russia? There s a strange pressure to travel during summer. Going somewhere this summer?  Why do I have to go somewhere?  We lived here during the horrible weather. Now that it s nice, we should go somewhere else. It makes no sense. And winter is some horrible weather, right? We re never ready for it. We re never ready for the seasons to change. Even in October, we re caught off guard. We re like, It s getting cold. What is this, every year now? We re not angry. In February, people are angry about the weather. We wanna blame someone. We re like, It s freezing. Obama! It s that darn ObamaCare. No ObamaCare, it d be 72 degrees out there. There s always a couple guys that don t care about the cold, right? They re like, What is it, two degrees out there? That s nothing. I went golfing. I m wearing shorts cause I m a dick. Those are the people that go swimming outside on New Year s Day. Don t you secretly want them to die? Not all of them, but you watch the news like, Not one fatality, huh? But I should be used to it. I m from the Midwest. All the memories of my childhood, it was always winter. It was winter when I was walking through slush past mounds of snow. When I was in high school, I saw a photograph of Siberia where Stalin would send Russian prisoners. It looked exactly like my hometown. Is that my bike? That s my bike! I asked my dad, I was like, Why do we live here? Why would you stay? And he s like, Well, you know, these severe winters, they really make you appreciate summer. It was at that point that I realized he was an alcoholic. Oh, you re just drunk all the time.  It s pretty warm for me always. As a kid, I used to imagine people were tricked to move to the Midwest. They were on the East Coast in a covered wagon 200 years ago. Someone was like, Whoa. Where you going?  Oh, we re going out West. We re gonna go out West.  West, huh? Have you thought of the Midwest?  Midwest?  Yeah. It s like the West, but it s closer. Tell you what. Do you like amber waves of grain?  Uh, no. I have celiac disease.  How about lakes? Everyone likes lakes. Lakes in the Midwest are good. In fact, there are Great Lakes. One of them s Superior.  Uh, I m not going there. But I do love the Midwest. Every Christmas, I go to Milwaukee. I love telling my friends in California that I go to Wisconsin in December. They re like, Oh, no, no. Don t go there. I m like, That s where my wife s family is from.  You should get a new wife. All I do in Wisconsin is eat cheese. I know it s a cliché, but in Wisconsin it s like they re trying to get rid of it. Oh, hey, you want some cheese?  I just woke up.  That s a yeah, right? Have you ever eaten so much cheese you think: I may never use the bathroom again ? People on the East Coast think that s weird. In the Midwest, that s Monday. But it s the weather. That s why we eat the way we do, we re just like: Ah, it s still winter. It s summer, but I m on a roll. It s not always winter. There s spring. People love spring. That s a fun day. What a lie spring is. Right? I spend the entire spring waiting for it to be spring. You re like, Is it spring?  No, it s snowing. Next day. Is it spring?  No, it s 90 degrees.  I guess we missed those tiny white flowers. Fall, people love fall. It s my favorite season. It s not a competition. My favorite season that I m voting for in America s Next Top Season is fall. People that love fall, they go crazy for the foliage. The foliage! Let s drive by the foliage. It s so beautiful the way the leaves die. They re so pretty right before they fall to their death. We think it s beautiful. It s the leaves hospice. It also helps that the leaves can t talk. If they could talk, they d be like: Get me chlorophyll! Why are these people driving by and smiling at me? You monsters! We re rather insensitive to the leaves tragedy. They die, they fall to the ground. We just rake them up. Kids, you wanna jump on this pile of dead leaves? No? All right. I ll just light them on fire. The poor leaves, all they know is spring and summer. And then in October, they re like, Where is everyone going? Early in November, you always see a couple of leaves hanging on. They re like, I m gonna make it. I m gonna make it through winter. Me and my buddy, Carl. Right, Carl? Carl? The pine trees, they must resent the attention the leaves get. Stupid leaves. Everyone s driving by looking at the pretty leaves. I didn t even bother get to know them. After a couple months, they re dead. Come December, you ll be climbing a ladder and sticking a star on my head.  Why would a pine tree sound like it s from Brooklyn? How many jokes about seasons does this guy have? Speaking of foliage, I have to tell you, last October, I was in western Massachusetts and they re very proud of their foliage. They re like, You see our foliage?  Uh, nice job. Good work doing nothing. And I was with a friend and we drove by this schoolhouse, and my friend was like, You see that schoolhouse? That s the schoolhouse where they wrote, ‘Mary Had a Little Lamb.  I was like, Am I supposed to be impressed by that? And he s like, Well, it is a national landmark. And I m like, Are people going, ‘Come on, kids. Let s go see where they wrote the worst song ever ? But what I didn t realize is that Mary Had a Little Lamb, in its day, was a huge hit. It was huge. It was like their Uptown Funk. Which makes you wonder what was going on in the 1830s. Have you heard that song, ‘Mary Had a Little Lamb ? It s the song of our generation. It s so complex. It s about this girl, Mary, who had a lamb that was little. The song explains it better. I m not doing it justice. My friend told me, That song s based on a true story. I m like, Well, I hope so… cause that would be the worst made-up story ever. How bad were the other songs of that era? Johnny Has a Little Small Pox.  We ll All be Dead by 30. And of course my favorite, Why Does Everyone Smell Like Poo?  Jim, don t do that. I spent a couple weeks there, I stayed in this really nice, like, bed and breakfast. The woman that was running it, every morning she would ask me: Are you gonna go hiking today? And all I could think was, Wow, this lady knows nothing about me. Hiking not today or ever. I wouldn t hike to escape the Nazis. Like, if I was in that movie, Sound of Music, and they re like: To avoid the Nazis, head over those mountains. I would have been, Mountains? Isn t there a basement I could hide in? I mean, like a finished basement, you know. One with, like, a keg and an NFL season pass, know what I m talking about? I ve been hiking. The first thing you notice when you go hiking is it s a mistake. Oh, we re not walking anywhere in particular. There s nothing at the end of this trail. There s no bar or restaurant. Not even a vending machine. We re just idiots. There s always a moment when you go hiking when you realize, Oh, no. Now we have to walk back. There s no exit through the gift shop. I wanna like hiking. It s like horseback riding. You wanna like it, then you get on a horse, you re like, That s right. I m not a 12-year-old girl. Get me off this poor animal. But hiking is huge. It s huge. There s hiking clothing. There s clothing for walking outside. I thought all clothing was for walking outside. There s whole parts of the country. The entire Pacific Northwest, everyone s dressed like there could be an impromptu hike at a moment s notice. Well, I m going for a coffee, but you never know when a hike might break out. So, I ll put on some sturdy shoes and a breathable fleece. That joke was brought to you by Patagonia. We usually… We usually hike with a friend, right? And pretend you re in a Viagra commercial? How is your erectile dysfunction? There s always that solo hiker that looks like they just got rid of a body. Is that guy with someone? Why is he carrying a garbage bag? Is that Dexter? Why d you ask me to walk in the woods? But it s not just walking. Hiking involves an unnecessary amount of climbing. You wanna climb up here? No, I don t wanna climb up there. I m an adult. I have a driver s license. I don t like climbing. I don t like climbing into an SUV. You know that final step up, I m always like, Is this worth it? Why can t you have a normal car? What are we, going on a safari? I better see a damn elephant if I m climbing into your gas guzzler. But once you get in an SUV, you re always like, Oh, yeah. Let s invade Iraq. Out of my way. ‘Cause everyone turns into a jerk in an SUV like, I don t need a blinker. Remember 15 years ago when they were like, Stop buying SUVs, everyone. They re wasteful and bad for the environment. And we were like, Okay. I d like to buy an SUV.  No, I have a reason.  I don t care. I don t own an SUV. I don t even own a car cause I m a good person. No. I live in New York City and I have five kids, so I just have them carry me around. I know nothing about cars. I come from a car family. My dad loved cars. My brothers loved cars. They talk about cars. They go to car shows. My brothers pay to look at cars they will never drive. And I thought strip clubs were weird. Most of the accessories are wasted. I mean, I ve never used cruise control. The heated seats, I always feel like I just wet myself. Oh, this is nice. Can we swing by the emergency room? I think this is also a symptom of a stroke. When I go home to Indiana, I always rent a car. My brother Mitch is like, What kind of car you renting? I m like, It s blue.  Is that four or six cylinders?  Blue. I do know that the most manly form of transportation is a pickup truck cause my brother Mike has a pickup truck and he s a real man. And at this point, pickup truck commercials give me anxiety. They re all like, You can tow one ton. You can tow two tons. You can tow an aircraft carrier. Why? Why would you need that? I only see you going to Cracker Barrel. But people that drive pickups, they wanna be associated with the work ethic. And based on that, I should drive a bread truck. I was with my brother in a plant nursery, I was like: If I buy a small tree, can I put it in the back of your truck? And he s like, No. You ll get the bed dirty. And I realized something. Everyone I know who owns a pickup truck is not picking anything up. It s like walking around with a big, empty suitcase. Are you going on a trip?  No, but I m the type of guy who would.  Ram tough. Ram tough. Thank you to everyone who watched The Jim Gaffigan Show, by the way. I appreciate it. And if you didn t watch, that just means you re a jerk. But, no, but thank you if you did watch, cause there are so many television shows and episodes of television shows we could and should be watching. It s amazing any of us are here right now. It s kind of overwhelming, DVR, on-demand. Sometimes I open my Netflix, I m like, I don t think I can do it. I m not even gonna make a dent here. And I know there s pressure. We all feel it, cause we developed excuses for our friends, like we re dealing with debt collectors. You watch Game of Thrones?  I m a little behind. Give me a week. My wife had a dumb baby. And it s never-ending. You finished that show? Now you have to watch this show and then–  No, now I need to learn how to read again. I need to sound out some words and see if I can read. Have you read a physical book lately? Not on a tablet or a laptop, an actual book? You feel like you re Abe Lincoln. Oh, it s made of wood. Hope it doesn t catch on fire. When does this have to be back at the museum? ‘Cause we re all binge-watching. When they first introduced the idea of binge-watching, I was like, How pathetic. I m just gonna watch an episode or two. I haven t showered in a week? I m a grandfather? I missed my own funeral? I binge-watch shows I don t even like. This is pretty bad. I guess I ll watch five more episodes. I watched every episode of True Blood and I m not even gay. Some of you are like, Jim, watching True Blood doesn t mean you re gay. That s cause you re gay. It s the number one cause of gayness. My friends don t understand. When do you watch? You have five kids. I ignore them. I can t go to that recital. I m re-watching West Wing. It s embarrassing how I consume television. There are nights when I ve told myself: All right. One more season… then I m going to bed. I mean, come on. It s hard to stop. You see the ending. You want the accomplishment. Right? Oh, you ran a 10K? Yeah, I finished Mad Men. I did it. I m a little sore, but I did it. I m a television athlete. I m a telathlete. It s strange when you get done watching an entire series. You don t know what to do with yourself. I haven t been this lost since the ending of Lost. Should I go to a bar? I don t know if I remember how to talk to people. And starting a new show, that s kind of like a blind date. Right? Well, my friend said you were great. I m free tonight, so… I think I m ready to put myself back out there. ‘Cause we have relationships with these television shows. You ever break up with a show? You watch a bunch of episodes and then you re like, It s over. I don t even know you anymore. I gave up the best nights of my life. Netflix. They won t let you forget your mistakes. They keep them in your queue. Remember this relationship?  I was drunk. I was on the rebound. They ll make suggestions, Since you enjoyed True Blood, here s some other gay shows.  Maybe I would like The L Word, I don t know. Netflix has definitely made watching television with commercials kind of painful. Takes forever. You re like, What am I, growing my own food here? All right, Geico, we get it! And it s not just the length or the number of the commercials, it s what the commercials say about the typical viewer of the show you re watching. Catheter? Why would–? Reverse mortgage? Back pain? I do have back pain. You know me so well, television show. I watch a lot of cable news cause I enjoy being depressed. That s the only reason to watch. After five minutes, they repeat the same stories. Remember that horrible thing? Wait till we show you 20 more times. You won t be able to sleep. I think it s interesting how all the cable newscasters are very attractive. They re very attractive and they re dressed up. I don t know why. You know, you re talking about a hurricane. What s with the evening gown? But we all kind of watch like, Thanks for showing some leg. Cable newscasters are so attractive. When they interview a regular person, it s visually distracting. Like, Is that a bad guy? Or a victim? I know they re a loser in this scenario, but… But the newscasters, those are our town gossips. Right? That s what newscasters are. Town gossips. You re not gonna believe what happened to this person you ve never met before. Isn t that sad? By the way, there s some weird stuff going on in England. I have a friend, John, over there. John, why don t you tell them about it? Thanks, John. Isn t that horrible? By the way, it s gonna rain tomorrow. I m, like, 99 percent positive it s gonna rain, and that s sad. Most of my friends under the age of 30 don t even have cable. I m like, Where do you send your $500 a month? It s getting to be embarrassing to have cable. Right? You have cable?  I m getting rid of it… when I die. Technology is moving so fast. There s times when you feel like you re on top of it and then there s times when you feel like that friend with the flip phone. We all have the friend or relative with the flip phone. You re like, Where d you get that? Do you use that to call the past? What character were you on Breaking Bad? But there s definitely moments when I m the person with a flip phone. Like, I have a landline. Some of you are like, What s a landline? No one wants to admit they have a landline. It s like discovering you re still paying for AOL. Here s how I justify having a landline. I m like, Well, I need a landline in case all the cell towers go out and then I could call no one. Our landline will ring, our landline will ring, my wife and I, we won t even move to answer it. Well, it s obviously not for us. No one we know has that number. It s like paying a stranger 10 bucks a month to interrupt dinner. By the way, I know nobody s phone number. I don t even know my own wife s phone number. If I was arrested and allowed one call, I d be like, I don t know, 911. I do miss slamming down the landline when I was angry. You know, like, You can go to hell. You can t do that with a cell phone. You can go to hell. Ugh. Don t want that to fall in the toilet. Woke up today at 7 a.m. Got out of bed around 1:30. ‘Cause I need a good reason to get out of bed, like fire. That won t even get me out of bed. One time I was in a hotel, the fire alarm went off. I didn t even get out of bed. I was like, That s a test. I d bet my life that s a test. I don t understand the morning people. Even on my day off, I ll get up at 6. We should be able to hit these people. I m jealous. Yes. Hatred. Applaud hatred. But in reality, I m jealous. I mean, you have to understand, my role models were the grandparents in that movie Charlie and the Chocolate Factory. I remember watching that movie as a kid and seeing the scene with the grandparents in bed and thinking: I like these people. I like what they re all about. They were in bed full-time. What if we did this till we die? They weren t even watching television. They were looking at the other grandparents. How s your bed?  It s good. It s good. It s the same as your bed. They were so in the bed. They lived in poverty. Their grandson got a golden ticket where he could win an entire chocolate factory and only one of the grandparents got out of bed. The other three were like, Good luck, Charlie. You win the factory and make me a chocolate bed. Typically, I have to get up early cause I have young children and they wanna experience things like life. What are we doing today?  Well, I was hoping to nap.  Can we go outside?  It s closed. During the summer, I tour with my kids and we ll do, like, a kid activity during the day and then I ll do a show at night, and usually the kid activity s like a zoo or a park. When we were in Erie, Pennsylvania, we went on a pirate boat ride, which was pretty authentic, cause when I think of Lake Erie, I think of all them pirates storming the shores of western Pennsylvania. There were like 50 kids and they were all dressed like pirates. I felt like I was at a children s Jimmy Buffet concert. And I tell you, those kids were having the time of their lives. Kids love to dress like pirates. The murderers and rapists that pirates were. And we think it s adorable. It s so cute. He looks just like one of those sociopaths who terrorized the Caribbean. We let our kids dress like murderers. Darth Vader, that genocidal lunatic. It s fun. The devil. It s cute. Hitler. No. No parent wants to explain that one. Why is your boy dressed like Hitler?  He s fascinated with the Third Reich. He gets it from his father. His father s man cave is all Hitler swag. Summertime we went to a bunch of fairs. It s amazing how your perspective on fairs changes. ‘Cause as a kid, you re like, The fair! There s a fair! As an adult, you re like, That looks dangerous. Are they cooking in that truck? We used to go to the fair to see the biggest pig in the county. Now we go to the fair to be the biggest pig in the county. Some of that food at fairs, it s ridiculous. Deep-fried Oreos, okay. Deep-fried Twinkies, maybe. Deep-fried butter, no. You know how occasionally you ll eat a stick of butter? What if we deep-fried it? No. It s wrong. I mean, it s delicious… but it s wrong. There s no health inspector. That s why they do that. Everything at the fair is very temporary. Meaning, when the cops come, they can leave. Some of those rides don t look safe. I ll just let my kids go first. No sense in us all dying. But you never wanna be judgmental at the fair. You re always like, You know what, I m sure this ride s fine. You know? I m sure. I m sure the guy running the ride, he s probably a structural engineer. We don t know. That s probably how he lost his arm, you know? ‘Cause inherently we re trusting. We re very trusting of elevators. We re like, What is this, a casket on a string? Let s hop on. I don t know how it works, but if it shakes, we ll giggle. We giggle cause we realize no one s driving the elevator. We re like, We re all gonna die. So, we press one of these buttons or climb through the trap door in the ceiling that leads to every Bruce Willis movie. What do we do? We also giggle cause there s no talking on an elevator, right? You get on an empty elevator, you and a friend, and you re like, I ll tell you later. It s like a den of awkwardness. You just stand there like: Are we supposed to kiss? What are we doing? It s very strange. Not as awkward as a stairwell. You ever been in an abandoned stairwell by yourself and you encounter strangers coming the other way? There s always that moment where you meet eyes, you re like: If you don t rape me, I won t rape you.  What are you doing–?  What am I doing in–? Are we in an episode of Law & Order? But we volunteer for these awkward situations. Sometimes we pay to participate. Like water parks. Those are fun, but there s always that moment you re like: Is this a meeting of people I don t wanna see in swimsuits? ‘Cause there are people walking around water parks with that confidence that they shouldn t have. And you almost admire it. You re like, You go… away from me. You try and figure it out. You re like: Is it the fumes from the toxic chemicals combined with the children s urine? What gives you that swagger that would make Beyoncé blush? But you don t wanna be judgmental. You re like, You know what? They re there for their kids. I m here for my kids and compared to them, I look like Magic Mike. So, God bless them. My 3-year-old didn t get me a birthday present this year. Yeah. And I ve known him for a couple years. So, I m not talking to him. Presents are interesting. I don t really need or want anything. I mean, my life is pretty chaotic. I have five kids. You know? I have friends that love stuff. I have a friend who has a drawer of watches. I have another friend who has five cars. And whenever I m with these people, I realize, I m just simple. All I need is a nice bed and a private jet, you know? Now, I have the bed. All I need is the jet. And it could be a used jet. I m not a snob, you know? I mean, I don t want a prop plane. I m not trash. Just a regular old private jet to take a regular old guy to a regular old private island away from his kids. You know? I m just salt of the earth. I m an everyman— That s ridiculous. This year has flown by. I don t wanna brag, but I ve kept my New Year s resolution. I ve done it. I ve had pasta every day this year. Thank you. I tell you. It wasn t easy. It wasn t easy. – There were some nights when I was like, Oh, my gosh. -30. I haven t eaten pasta. I have to wake my wife up and have her make me some. You know? But I do it cause it s about personal accountability. By the way, if you believe I would wake my wife up, you re drunk. All right? ‘Cause I m afraid of her, all right? But I like being married to a strong woman. I do. I m sure there are men in the audience looking at their wives: Honey, do you want me to clap or, you know, do you like what he s saying? ‘Cause I m on your side. I just don t wanna talk about it later on. I do like being married to a strong, decisive woman. But you know what? I m in charge of the remote control. That s where I draw the line, all right? I m in charge of the remote cause I m the man. I mean, she picks all the shows we watch, but I get to hold the remote. ‘Cause that s the kind of puppet dictator that I am. Being in charge of the remote control is a no-win situation anyway. The person you re watching with is never satisfied. They re like, Turn it up. I can t hear it. Then you turn it up and the commercial comes on. Turn it down. What s wrong with your hearing? I m always in trouble when we watch television. Stop crinkling that bag. Once I got in trouble for sneezing. Why would you do that?  I think it s involuntary.  Well, now I didn t hear what that guy said.  All right. I ll rewind it. Oh, now it s starting the whole episode over. Here, you should be in charge of the remote. I m gonna go back to hiding in the bathroom. ‘Cause I m a man! I do love her. She can be demanding. Like, unrealistic demands. Like, she wants me to lose weight. I have no expectation of losing weight. Some of it is, I used to have all these jokes on doughnuts, and now sometimes when I do shows out of town, people will give me boxes of doughnuts, which makes me think I gotta start doing jokes about private jets. I do a show and someone will give me a box of doughnuts, or I ll get to my hotel room and in my hotel room there s a box of doughnuts. And I always look at the doughnuts like, I m not not gonna eat those. I mean, those were a gift. What would Jesus do? He d eat the doughnuts. But it s always a box, a dozen. A dozen doughnuts. I m by myself. I m typically in the city for one night. What kind of monster pig do I come across as? How many doughnuts should we get him?  Enough for a Baptist church. Whatever would feed an entire Little League team, that will cover that tub of turds for a couple hours. I don t know what to do with all the doughnuts. You know, I ll eat two. All right, I ll eat four. But I don t know what to do with the rest of them. What do I, put them in my rolly luggage? I did that once. I m not proud of it. We ve all done things we re not proud of. You re like, This is kind of pathetic, but here goes. Zip, zip, zip. Off to the airport we go. Of course, that was the time I got the random search at the airport. I made it through the metal detector. This nice TSA guy was like, Sorry, sir. Random search of your bag. And I was like– What I wanted to say is, I have drugs in my butt. ‘Cause a cavity search at that moment seemed less humiliating… than revealing the true contents of my luggage. But I had to do it. So, the TSA guy unzipped the bag. And it was one of those flat boxes of doughnuts. You know, like Krispy Kreme. So, it took up the entire rolly bag. It looked like I was smuggling doughnuts. And the TSA guy just looked at me like, Wow.  They sell those here. There was a Dunkin Donuts two gates away. There was such compassion in his eyes. You got a problem. And I couldn t say anything. I couldn t be like, Those aren t mine. Some guy gave them to me. Some guy named Al. Al Qaeda. He gave them to me. I had to act all casual. Those are my doughnuts. I travel with doughnuts. I m trying to get diabetes. Why don t you leave me alone? And since it was a random search, the actual box of doughnuts had to be opened. And because I was wheeling through the airport, all the doughnuts were crammed and smushed to one end. It looked like I had rummaged through a Dumpster outside of a doughnut shop. Oh, this one s still good. Just get these rocks and sticks off here. That s a perfectly good powdered sugar– No, actually, Ajax s on that one. The TSA guy just looked at me like, You can go. It s probably your last flight anyway. I travel a lot. I m constantly going through security. Always behind that person that s never left their house before. They always wanna ask me questions like, Can I bring soup on the plane? It s homemade soup. I m like, You should ask them.  For an ID, can I use a fishing license?  You should–  Should I take off my shoes and my pants?  Yes, you should. Airport security is annoying. It s nothing compared to international travel, like going through customs and immigration. That s so intense. They re dressed like SWAT team members. I always get so nervous. I m like, Do I have heroin on me? I don t even know what heroin looks like. But I might have accidentally packed some. There s that mini interview with the customs agent. What do you plan to do in our country?  Murder people. You got me, I wasn t ready for your trick questions. I always feel like an idiot when I travel internationally. Some of it is, I don t know the metric system. It s not like I wasn t exposed to it. When I was growing up, they re like, Learn the metric system. Everyone learn the metric system. Big switch coming up. Then ten years later, they re like, Never mind. It s too hard. It s based on tens. Let s go buy an SUV. So, now I can t ask a distance when I visit another country. I m like, How far is that? They re like, That s 500 kilometers.  I m not in the Olympics. This isn t a James Bond film. What s it in normal speak? I don t speak any other languages. I have friends that speak Spanish and French and Portuguese. I don t care. I speak English, the language Jesus spoke. At least he did in the movie I watched. I always love doing that joke. There s always a couple faces in the audience like, Don t say that. ‘Cause you travel internationally. You realize some people don t like Americans. I mean, the Canadians like us and the Israelis like us. The Australians like Americans so much, it makes you question their judgment. You should read some of our history. But I get a kick out of what Europeans don t like about Americans. They re always like, You Americans are dumb. You know nothing about Europe. It s not that we re dumb. We re just not that interested. Sorry I don t wanna learn more about your windmill country. He s gonna get a wooden shoe in his ass. First time I did that joke, the whole front row was Dutch people. And they didn t care. They did– I don t know. They have no emotion. It doesn t matter. He s the most anti-Dutch comedian ever. Obviously, I love traveling internationally. The only negative, too many foreigners. Right? The weird thing is, you travel around the world and you realize pretty quickly, people are the same wherever you go. Wherever you go, there are good people and there are Russians. See, the reason that s funny is cause we were all raised with this bigotry towards Russians. I have a friend. He was born in Russia. He moved here when he was 3 and I still think he might be a spy. We don t know. Best is when you re visiting a country and someone thinks you re a native. I was waiting for a cab in Stockholm and this Swedish lady turned to me and she was like, Björn Borg. Björn Borg. That s not what she said. That s what I heard. But I knew in that moment that once this lady found out I was American, she was gonna be disappointed. So, I just decided that I was not gonna speak any language she spoke. She was like, Björn Borg. Björn Borg. And I was like: She was like– And I was like– She was like, Do you speak English? I was like: That woman is now my wife. It s just like The Notebook.  What? Still there. I wouldn t mind being in shape. You know who was in really good shape was Jesus. Nothing like the topic of Jesus to take the air right out of the show. That s what he would have wanted. When you bring up my name, I want people to be really uncomfortable. It s not just the Christians. Everyone s like, Too soon.  It was only 2000 years ago. Let it breathe, buddy. But Jesus was in amazing shape, which is especially impressive, considering he could multiply bread whenever he wanted. Boom, pretzel bread. The Bible doesn t specify what type of bread he multiplied. I imagine it was pretzel bread. Boom, pretzel bread. Boom, garlic knots. That s why he had all those followers. Come on, maybe he ll make some focaccia bread. This is how people walked in biblical times. They were really into that Beyoncé Formation video. Alaba– How many Beyoncé references is he gonna have? But who knows? Maybe Jesus could multiply the bread, but he had no control over what type of bread it was. He was like, You want some bread? Boom, pumpernickel. I didn t get a lot of sleep last night. Still free bread, everyone. Let me try this again. Boom, melba toast. That s never happened before. That s the big guy playing a trick on moi. Of course, Jesus was multiplying the bread to illustrate a point. He was like, I can give you bread that can feed you, but I can also give you bread that can feed your soul. But you know everyone was like, Yeah. I ll just take the food bread. I prefer the food bread to the soul food bread… unless that s what you call corn bread… cause I love–  Can you make pizza? I love pizza. I realize religion jokes make some people uncomfortable, especially the ones that are going to hell. Don t you dare. Get back to your regular food jokes. This is the point in the show where I usually think about what I m gonna eat afterwards. I typically get a steak cause I m a man. And I tell you, if eating steak is manly, it is the only manly attribute I have. I know nothing about cars. I m not handy. I can t fix things. Something breaks in our apartment, I just look at my wife like: We should call someone. I don t even call. My wife calls. Some stranger comes over, I just kind of watch him work. I m like: You want some brownies or something? My wife could make us some brownies. I don t know how to work the stove. Sometimes I try and act like I have something more important to do. I m like, Yeah. I m gonna be over here working on my diarrhea jokes… in case you wanna talk sports or steak or something. I don t know why steak is considered manly. I guess it hearkens back to when a man would hunt the animal. They kill the animal and then they eat the animal. But now we just eat the animal. And it s not as if hunting a cow was ever that hard. Today, fellas, we are gonna hunt ourselves the elusive cow. Oh, there s one right here. All right. How do you get the milk shakes out of that thing? But I do love steak. I order steaks from Omaha Steaks. Do you buy your meat online? That s not a sign of a problem. Just type it in. A Styrofoam cooler shows up. The same kind of cooler they re gonna deliver my replacement heart in. There s always a neighbor walking by when I get a delivery, like: Jim got another box of meat. I imagine that apartment will be free in a little bit. Whenever I eat steak at home, I always use A.1. Steak Sauce. Everyone has that same thin bottle of A.1. that feels empty right before it floods your steak. Everyone s had the same bottle of A.1. since 1989. I was looking at the ingredients, Magic. Magic and prunes. But I love steak. I love going to a steakhouse, one of those old-fashioned steakhouses. You go in there, it s dimly lit. The waiters are no-nonsense. You re getting a steak, son. You want a steak, right?  Yes, ma am. I want a steak. Have you been to one of those steakhouses where they show you the raw cuts of meat? They just kind of thrust them at the table. You can get this one or this one. And men, we re so visual. Throw it. Throw it in my mouth area. Me likey meaty. They show you a vegetable like you ve never seen one. This is a potato.  That s a potato. But vegetables in the steakhouse, they don t come with the steak. They re à la carte, like leg room on Southwest. They re not even called vegetables. They re called side dishes. ‘Cause what they do to vegetables in steakhouses, they re no longer vegetables. You can get our spinach that we cooked in ice cream. There s also our house specialty, which is a baked potato stuffed with 20 sticks of butter. If you re on a diet, we can do it with 19 sticks. But I love steak. When I die, I wanna be buried in a steakhouse. Well, not buried. Just my casket on display. People in steakhouses, they wouldn t even care. What s the deal with the casket?  That was a comedian, his one wish–  Yeah, I ll have a rib eye.  Coming right up, Mrs. Gaffigan. I do love steak, but it is rather barbaric. Right? I mean, we re eating a part of a cow and I love animals. And I love animal lovers. My favorite are the people that carry around the dog in a bag. Whenever I see that, I always think, What an adorable way to let us know you re crazy. ‘Cause they re crazy. They re carrying around an animal that can walk in a bag. They re not going to the vet. They re shopping. That s okay. But if I carry around a canned ham, I m a weirdo? It would be one thing if the dog looked happy, but the dog always has a look on his face: Can you believe I m sitting in a purse? I was part of Mexican royalty. But I get it. I love dogs. And I think it s cute when people dress their dogs up. But how do you have your dog in a jacket and walk by a homeless person? Sorry. I d help, but I spent all my money on a coat for my animal that s born with a coat. I love cats. Some people don t like cats. Our neighbor has a cat and she lives in a studio apartment, or as I refer to it, a litter box. One time she asked me, she was like, Can you tell I have a cat? I was like, No, but I can tell you have a box of turds in your apartment. I m not sure if that s the same question. We all have the friend with the cat, right? In a small place. You visit them, the cat does their business. You don t really acknowledge it. You go on with the conversation. What do you want on your pizza?  Bleach. Febreze. Can we open a window or knock down a wall?  Are my eyes bleeding? How about we throw a diaper on the kitty? But I get it, cause I love animals. I think being around animals, there s a healing quality. But I also think we give animals too much credit. Like, a dog is man s best friend? I ve never seen a dog help someone move. Yes, horses are graceful and elegant until you see them poop standing up. Dolphins are smart. Learn English like Jesus did. For the record, I would never eat a dolphin cause I don t like fish. And I know I ll get tweets where people will say, Dolphins are mammals. And those are the people I block. ‘Cause that s how I deal with criticism. I wish I liked fish. I wish I was the person in the restaurant: You know, I don t go out to dinner that often, but instead of getting a delicious steak, I ll get the fish cause I like disgusting food. ‘Cause fish is disgusting. How bored are you with eating if you re ordering the fish? You know, Just bring me something gross. I like to waste money. Who s the first person to walk into a harbor and go: Hey, whatever reeks in here, let s eat that. Fish don t even like fish. That s why they re always frowning. They re like: Mmm. What s that smell? Oh, it s me. I m a fish. What s the best compliment you can give fish? It s to say that it s not fishy. Isn t fish supposed to be fishy? Get the hamburger. It s not burger-y. Fishy is an indication something s wrong. Something fishy going on here?  No, everything s burger-y. I m Catholic. Every Friday during Lent, we eat fish, which is supposed to symbolize the suffering of Jesus on the cross. What? Which means at one point, someone was like: How should we honor the sacrifice of Jesus? The other guy is like, We could fast. We could starve ourselves.  No, that s too easy. What if we ate fish? The other guy was like, I d rather be crucified. It s a true story. It s in the Bible. Fish? Some cultures, they eat fish for breakfast. Good morning. Here s some fish. It matches your breath. I m not even hungry in the morning. Granted, cause I ate a couple hours earlier. But fish? I was in Iceland. Went down to breakfast. At the beginning of the buffet, there was a bottle of fish oil and 12 shot glasses. They re drinking fish for breakfast. I don t know when you re supposed to drink fish, but maybe not when you wake up. Do you want the orange juice, the grapefruit juice or the fish juice? The best news that ever happened to grapefruit juice. Finally, I m not the worst thing on the planet. Fish. I was in Israel. Israel. Went down to breakfast. The entire breakfast buffet in Israel was fish, different types of disgusting fish. I know it s always comforting when a pale, blond guy is criticizing Israel. This is gonna go well. Grab your iPhone. It s this look. It s not easy looking like Hitler s wet dream, all right? This is not a good look. This is not the look you want for the tour of the Holocaust Museum. I ve been to the Holocaust Museum in D.C. I think everyone should go. I just suggest you don t look like me. I was walking around. People were like, He did it. That s the guy from the photo. He s not in Argentina. He s right here. Get him! Actually, I m too pale for Hitler. Right? Hitler would have been like, I said Aryan, not snowman. I mean, meet me halfway, people. By the way, that s how Hitler sounded. I m a very pale white guy. I have yet to be the victim of any type of discrimination. I ve been the victim of someone assuming I d enjoy a racist joke. Have you ever had that? You re like, Why would you think I d wanna hear that?  He looks like he d enjoy a little hatred. Maybe this bigotry will brighten his day. If anyone would have a problem with pigmentation it d be the pale fella. I know what I look like. I m not saying I don t forget. You ever forget what you look like and then you walk in front of a mirror and you re like, Oh, no. When did that happen? ‘Cause during the day you re like, I m Brad Pitt. I m John Goodman?  What s wrong with John Goodman? But it s not that bad. It s easier to be a guy anyway. I mean, there s sexism. But just the day-to-day life of being a woman. Honestly, it looks too hard. Just hair, what some women have to deal with, cut and color and goos and potions. What do most guys have to deal with with their hair? Not having a mullet. That s all a guy has to do is not have a mullet. A-plus. And there are still some guys that can t pull that off. They re not talking about my mullet?  No, you ve got a good mullet. It s easier to be a guy. Makeup. Some women wear makeup. Most guys don t change their pants cause their belt s in there. Are these jeans dirty?  Is there a belt in there? Ask me in 2019. And I m not saying women are doing any of these things to please or impress a man, but some of it s self-inflicted, like the eyebrow thing. I mean, that s on you, ladies. There s not a person on this planet that s going: I m looking for someone who s removed 90 percent of their eyebrow hair. I don t even know what some of these ladies are going for. It s like, I wanna look constantly surprised… like I m about to eat a baby. But it s a man s world. I don t have a joke for that. I just wanna remind the ladies. I m kidding. The weird thing is, if you have little kids, if you have little boys and little girls, you would never think it would ever be a man s world cause if you put a 3-year-old boy next to a 3-year-old girl and you had to pick who was gonna be in charge in the future, you wouldn t be like, The boy, the one chewing on the table. ‘Cause little boys are savages. I have three little boys. Each of them has head-butted me for no reason at all. Well, we are in church. Okay. It s different. When you have a daughter, you have thoughts like: Maybe I should save for med school. When you have a son, you re like, There s gonna be a few rounds of rehab. That s okay. I have three boys, two girls. I have enough kids, where even Mormons are like, You should settle down. I travel with my kids. My two youngest are 3- and 5-year-old boys. And traveling with boys that age is like transferring serial killers between prisons. We ve seen the movie. You know it doesn t work out. My 3-year-old, I love him, but he s eternally in a bad mood. He always has a look on his face like he s gonna shiv you with a crayon. Or he s pooping. And sometimes it s both. And our 5-year-old, he s an escape artist. He s the El Chapo of children. You just put him down and he runs. And then I have to pay my 12-year-old to go get him. Sometimes she can t find him and I m forced to stand up… and look for my own child. Sometimes I can t find him. I mean, you always find the kid. The joke doesn t end with, Now I got four kids, you know? You find the kid. They re with a security guard. They re always with a security guard. That s an awkward approach cause I m with my four other kids. I look like a moving diorama for birth control. Doesn t help that I m usually eating something. It s hard to seem concerned about your child s whereabouts holding a corn dog. Oh, there he is. Now, where s mustard? But that s parenting. It s stressful. Parenting is a sacrifice. It s exhausting. It s expensive. At times it feels thankless. But eventually you die. My wife hates that joke. My wife hates that joke. And in full disclosure, she does 90 percent of the work. And the 10 percent I do feels like too much. I m getting ripped off. Ten percent of five kids. That means I m in charge of one kid for like half a day. I m like a single mom. That s a joke where the audience thinks, Maybe Jim is a dick. My wife is amazing. Even in the most stressful moments, I will catch her looking at me with an expression that could only be described as regret. But she s Catholic, so there s no quitting the team. Thank you, Jesus. I m aware my wife is out of my league. She s very thin and attractive. I look like I had two wives and I ate one of them. She s amazing. She s my writing partner. We do everything together. She s brilliant. She s creative… and tal… I can t read her handwriting. No. We re totally equals. I mean, when we rent a car, I won t let her drive. And that s not sexism. I just don t wanna die. She can drive my kids around. I don t care about that. But if I m in the car, uh-uh. She s amazing. Probably the most impressive thing my wife can do is her ability to remember absolutely every horrible thing I ve ever done. She ll bring it up. We ll be watching TV. She ll be like: Remember that time you humiliated me when we went out to dinner?  Now I do. Must have blocked it out searching for self-esteem. I don t wanna misrepresent her. She s very forgiving. It s just the forgetting part. But we all aspire to be forgiving. Pope John Paul II forgave the guy who tried to assassinate him. I mean, granted he was the pope. He couldn t be like, Let s torture this bastard. He kind of had to forgive him. But Pope John Paul II went to the guy s jail cell and forgave him. But then he left. It s not like then he had to live with the guy. Like, if the pope lived with the guy, we would have seen how long that forgiveness would have lasted. Pope, your turn to do the dishes.  Didn t you shoot me? I think it s always your turn to do the dishes. Bless you, my son. Pope, that s a tough job. Anyone pope here? No? Pope s a tough job. You know it s tough cause the last one quit. He s like, I m done. I m out of here. Everyone at the Vatican was like, You re supposed to speak for God until you die, and the pope was like, Uh… God told me to quit. And to eat more cheese. Our new pope, Pope Francis, calls people on the phone. I don t know why you d ever believe it s the pope. Hello?  It s the pope.  Oh, can you hold on? I have Spider-Man on the other line. My wife loves talking on the phone and I would rather be hit by a car. I m not saying a big car, but a Mini Cooper. I d take that over a 20-minute conversation. She s always like, It seems like you re trying to get off the phone.  I am. I love you. I just can t hold my arm up for this long. I can t believe any of us talk on the phone. There s e-mail and text. Sometimes my phone rings, I look at it and I think: This person better be calling to tell me their hands are chopped off.  I just wanted to hear your voice, Daddy.  Buy my album. That is all for me. Thank you so much.

BILL BURR@WALK YOUR WAY OUT@2017@All right, thank you. Thank you very much. How are you? How s it going? Thank you, thank you, thank you. Nice to be here. Nice to be here. Thank you. I appreciate it. Let s see if I m funny first. Let s see if I m funny. Nice to be here in Nashville. Look at me. I went out and got myself a cowboy shirt. Right? To fit in with all you guys coming in from your ranches. Huh? Living out there in the barns. Is this what you re doing? You re like, I m working on an app, okay?  To launch this website. Um… Oh, shit. What a fucked-up time this is, huh? It s so weird to tape a special right before a presidential election, especially one like this. Like, this is literally, like, What is going to happen? You know? How the fuck did we end up with these two? Jesus Christ. This is like the first week of American Idol. You know? It s like, Really? This is what I got?  Take his coat! Take his coat! Whatever the hell she s doing. You know? It s unbelievable. You ve either got a racist dope or, like, the devil. Like, that s the choices. I just walk up and grab it! I just grab it! All right. Is that what you do? Fucking lunatic. I m gonna build a wall. I m gonna build a wall. I love people thinking he s actually gonna do that. Really? Are you gonna do that? You re gonna build a wall from fucking California to Texas? You re gonna do this? Have you ever done that drive? Because I ve done that drive. Took the 10 East out of Los Angeles. That is a two-day drive, 80 miles an hour. Just wall, wall, wall. You re in there like John Goodman in Raising Arizona… just driving. Like, how many times are you gonna go to Home Depot to build this thing? You actually think you re gonna get this done? Look at the Freedom Tower. We actually wanted that shit and it took almost 15 years to get it done. Half the people don t even want this fucking thing. I m telling you, by the time they ve finished it, this country will be so fucked up, we re gonna be the ones going over it. Dude, they got… they got real sugar!  They got real sugar in their Coke!  I heard, on the other side, the Orange Crush tastes like it did in 1978. Remember that two-year period when it was actually delicious? Yeah. So you ve got him and then you ve got Hillary. Hillary s just like a made guy. Just a made-fucking-guy. Everybody thinks, like, you know, she dresses like a real-estate agent. You know? Nothing to worry about. She s a fucking made guy. She s gonna give em the wars, she s gonna microchip the babies, phase out the cash. She s not gonna do it, but she s gonna keep steering it in that direction. Privatizing water. Water s not a basic human right. She s gonna… go through the whole fucking thing, that psycho fucking thing that you do when you go after that kind of power. You ve got to put it all over here in a little box, all your evil, as you re just sitting there, fucking smiling, knowing what s really going on. As you re talking to Joe Sixpack. He puts his pants on one leg at a time. No, it s so fucking, you know… It s unreal. Like, I don t know… These are the two worst choices ever. Trump, if he wasn t… if he wasn t so fucking racist… If he wasn t so racist… I can deal with the pussy-grabbing. That s not in my world. I m selfish, like every other voter, all right? If he wasn t so fucking racist… he would actually scare me a little less, because he s so obviously a dope. He s so dumb, I don t think he could get away with anything. You know what he reminds me of? Have you ever watched Law & Order and they make an arrest, like, within the first 15 minutes, you know, and they re trying to get you to think, We got him! You re just looking at your watch. There s no way this guy did this shit.  There s, like, another 45 minutes left.  This can t be the guy. Who s the real guy? And that s when fucking Hillary, she fucking comes walking in. Yeah, she goes to those Bilderberg meetings, you know, where they dress up like pheasants and they fuck each other. Right? Sacrifice some employee from a Best Buy. Fight over his name tag for a trophy. Right? Who do you pick? I ve got no idea. So I ve just been, like, regressing. I can t deal with this shit. I just want to hit pause. I don t want this election to fucking happen, so I ve just been regressing, and I m just watching the dumbest shit I possibly can. You know, morning time, those stupid talk shows to get soccer moms day started. You know, they have all those non-thinking stories. You love him. He s your best friend. But did you ever wonder, what does your dog do when you re not home?  The next video may surprise you. And I just… Fill it up! Fill up my brain with this dumb shit! I don t want to deal with what s really going on.  Nationwide heroin epidemic? Fuck that!  It s National Taco Day. We ve got Tony from Tony s Taco. Tony, what is it that makes a great taco?  Well, it s all about starting out with the tortilla. Like, watching them making pancakes and all that shit. Talking to the ladies, talking about body issues. They always talk about body issues. That s the dumbest one ever, when they talk about Hollywood. Hollywood, they create these impossible body images. Blah-blah-blah. You know, that whole thing. The plus-size actress. Right? The fatties. You know? That s like a big thing. They re sick of being treated like fat people. I don t know what it is. They re going on the cover of magazines now, just showing how fat they are, wearing a little amount of clothes, and everybody s, like, hyping em up. Like, Oh, my God. That s so brave! That s so courageous! I m not saying it doesn t take balls, but that s a bit of an overreach with the word brave, right? Like, what am I supposed to do if I ever see a fireman running out of a building carrying a baby and an old lady? Am I gonna sit there like, Oh, my God! You re like a fat actress that takes her shirt off to do a magazine shoot to promote the movie she s in ? Now, look, I know you re not supposed to make fun of fat people. I understand, all right? I don t know why, though. Why? They re not a race, they re not a religion. It s totally curable. Eat an apple and go for a walk, you know? Why are you yelling at everybody else? What the fuck are you giving me shit for? All right? You put the cookies in there! I didn t! How is this my problem? Jesus Christ! You ate your way in, you can walk your way out. All right? And just slowly start shedding the pounds. Shove some fucking lettuce in there instead of a bunch of Ho Hos and it s gonna come down, and then you re on my side of the fence, right? Join me. Come on, say it with me. Shame! Shame! Right? I know you re not supposed to shame. You re not supposed to fat-shame, you re not supposed to slut-shame. They re, like, shaming shaming. People aren t supposed to walk around with any shame. It s a legitimate human emotion, but you re not supposed to feel it at all. You re supposed to just walk around like a dictator. You re not gonna feel any shame? You ve never felt shame? You never had such a bad fucking night, the next morning, you woke up, you couldn t even look in the mirror? When you brush your teeth, you looked up. You re like, Oh, you fucking piece of shit. Wow! Wow! Even for you, that was bad. Lights out, curtains drawn, until at least two in the afternoon, before I can even look at you, you fucking piece of shit! Yeah, you re supposed to have no shame? That s the new world? You re just gonna walk around, sucking dick, you know, eating cookies, and just show up, and nobody s supposed to say anything? No one s supposed to have an opinion? Well, that s gonna go off the rails pretty soon. I know, it s probably mean to do this stuff, but, like, you can only have so much sympathy. There s so much stuff you can care about. You know what happened to me that changed my life? I did a gig in India. Right? Unbelievably great people, but some of the stuff I saw, I ll never forget. Literally, I did a gig in India, I saw a toddler take a shit between two parked cars, walked away, no pants or parents, and then disappeared into the crowd like Hannibal Lecter at the end of Silence Of The Lambs. It s one of the most heartbreaking things I ve ever seen in my life. And then I come back to my country and it s like, The studio said I have to lose 15 pounds to star in a movie. Well, then start running, you fat fuck! That s your big complaint in life? You know what it is about these fatties? Do you know what it really is? They have no respect for the amount of sacrifice and dedication it takes to truly get in, like, magazine-level shape, which is the… You ever try to get abs? You ever tried to get all the abs down here? You ever tried to do it? It s fucking impossible! Past the age of 19, you can t do it without tons of help. You ve got to buy all these exercise tapes, you ve got to read about nutrition, you ve got to get a personal trainer having you fucking running along. You need your own chef. Okay, don t eat it yet. All right, now eat it. Start consuming it. All right, stop. Slow down. Stop. Stop. Spit it out! Spit it out! I told you to stop! Get on the elliptical! You liked that Brussels sprout?! Did you like that?! ‘Cause now you re paying for it! It s a fucking miserable experience. Just walking around and your whole body s eating yourself. Do you want some cake?  No. No, I ll just take a salad. Balsamic vinaigrette on the side. No croutons. Oh, my God! When is the photo shoot? I want to kill myself. It s horrible. Have you ever tried to get fat? No. You don t have to. It s effortless. You can fucking lay on your back, watching your favorite show, just shoveling shit down your throat. What are you doing?  I m getting fat. I m getting fat.  You got a trainer?  Don t need one. It s natural. I just eat everything that makes my sugar/salt go like, ‘Yeah! Whoo! Yeah! It comes right in, a nice roll of fucking flab. No, it s ridiculous. I know nobody wants to be fat, so I m not shitting on anyone. But don t fucking come at me like it s my problem, and I need to fucking rewire myself. No. You re overweight, okay? There s plenty of things that can help you out. Everybody s got something to deal with. I m a fucking lunatic with my temper. This is something I have to deal with. I do. You know? You, you can t fucking stop eating pork chops. That s something you fucking deal with. I don t have to completely rewire myself. You know, it s just a bunch of sixes pissed off that they re not getting treated like a ten, you know? At some point, you ve just got to acknowledge what you are. You re a six. I m sorry, all right? Nobody jerks off to a six. That s the deal. Unless you work with her. If you work with her, you know, she s got that one outfit, you know, it just does something for you. You work in close quarters, so you know what her shampoo smells like. There s an intimacy. There s an intimacy there. All right? I don t know what women rub one out to, but I know it ain t me! All right? This is a fantasy. That s why I don t feel bad about trashing em. It s like, yeah, this is all coming from… I m a strong five, all right? That s where I am, so I still feel like I m punching up here. You know? Honestly, people, I m a bald red-headed male. You don t think there s a glass ceiling on the kinds of parts I can get in Hollywood? Really? Do you think I m ever gonna be the lead in a romantic comedy? That ain t happening, even if I m booking the movie. I want to make the money back. That s the thing, it s show business. There s $1 million on this film, okay? We re trying to make fucking money. You just want to show up with fucking crumbs on the side of your face? Show up in shape, looking as fuckable as possible, know your lines. Ready to work. It s called being a professional, right? Dude, Ben Stiller had abs in Meet The Parents! There was no reason for him to do that. He just knew, I m gonna take my fucking shirt off. I don t want to get trashed. He was shredded. Yeah, go be a fucking postman. I mean, I don t know what to tell you. No, this is just the ramblings of someone who s sliding into the back nine of his life, and I m not understanding half the shit that s going on, you know? You know, one of the big things that really made me feel old was when McDonald s started making salads. That literally ripped my heart out. I m like, They re doing what? Now they have wraps and they re doing all of this shit. You know what it was? Out-of-shape people complained to them. You don t have any healthy options. It s like, Dude, this is McDonald s! This shit is poison! Who the fuck comes here to get in shape? Whenever I get McDonald s, I have a whole plan. At my age, I m 48 years old, I know what I m gonna order. I m gonna go in there, it s gonna taste great. Twenty minutes later, I m gonna want to kill myself. And then I m gonna go, I m going to the gym tomorrow. And no matter how much I say that, I woke up the demon in me. I woke up the demon, and all that grease is just coursing through my veins. And no matter how much I want to go to the gym, this other voice is going, Dude, get an Egg McMuffin. Go down there and get an Egg McMuffin. And I m gonna sit up like the Manchurian Candidate. We re going to McDonald s. My in-shape voice is in the back, going, No! What are we doing?! Go to the gym! And I m just… gonna drive right down. Right? I know what it is. But somehow out-of-shape people somehow made them… They re to fucking blame. They had to have healthy shit cause they re why everybody s fat. How come they have to do it? What about Ben & Jerry s? How come they don t have to put kale in their ice cream? Why is that? Oh, they re a couple of hippies, man. They re, like, making ice cream. They re going after big, bad McDonald s. You know, it s just… Who the fuck goes to McDonald s to get in shape? And don t give me that horseshit that eating healthy is expensive. It isn t. Go to a fucking supermarket. They re throwing the vegetables at you. Here s celery. Get it the fuck out of here! Seventy cents! Twenty-five cents for a banana! Whatever the fuck you want! Get it out of here… before it goes bad! No, it s fucked up. They somehow convinced them that… You know? McDonald s is the reason why I m out of shape.  I would have got a salad, but you didn t have the option, so I was like, Well, I guess I gotta get 52 Big Macs.  Thanks a lot, McDonald s! It s like, Dude, you re an adult. It s not their job to babysit you. They re a fucking business. If you order 50 sandwiches, they re gonna give it to you. It s your job to not do it, you fucking dope. Right? I know. Sorry. I know. Yeah. Dude, McDonald s… McDonald s exists for two reasons, okay? It s for drunk people and it s for children. All right? That s what this thing is. You know? You re in your car, your kids won t shut the hell up, you go to the drive-through. You go to the drive-through, you get a couple of poison burgers, you throw it down their throats. Their little systems can t handle it. They start… They start nodding off. And you re up front, you re bigger. You can handle a bigger dose of poison. Do you know what I mean? Pop in your Def Leppard cassette and you have a little moment for yourself. Yeah. That s what it s for. It s for your kids and it s for drunk people. How many times have you driven out to a bar going, I m just gonna have one. All of a sudden, you had, like, 11, right? And you re hammered, and you re thinking… You know, but you re responsible. You re drunk but you re responsible. You re like, Goddamn it, I drove my car here tonight… goddamn it, I m driving it home. All right? I m not gonna burden this place of business by taking up a parking space in this completely empty parking lot for the next six hours. Now, I am not advocating drinking and driving, but I will tell you, there s nothing better than when all your friends and family know you re hammered… There s nothing better than that walk to the car. It s incredible. Women are screaming, people tearing at your clothes. You feel like you re in the Beatles. Oh, my God! No! Stop him! You re like, No autographs. I m sorry. I have to go. I ll be back. Just… get em off me! Then you get in the car and everybody s screaming. Get in the fucking car! You re fine! I had the car eight years. I know… I can almost see my house. Just get in the fucking car. You re gonna make the cops come! Get in the fucking car. I swear to God, just get in the fucking car. Oh, take your seat belt off, you fucking Mary. I m going right down the street. Right? And then what happens? You get out on the road, you realize you re way more hammered than you thought. Who was always there for you? McDonald s with the drive-through. The 24-hour drive-through. You could just pull in and hide in plain sight, right? And that little sad traffic jam of divorcees, shut-ins, people who go to Comic-Con, right? You just pull in… and just stop. You can take a little nap. It s like… Thank you! Thank you! Right. You d pull around. That s what it was all about. And now, all of a sudden, they re the reason this country s out of shape, you know? They ve had McDonald s my whole life. People weren t this fucking fat, right? It s not their fault. You can t pin it on em. But McDonald s fucked up. They fucked up, because they gave in to out-of-shape people, and they said, All right, fine, it s our fault. We ll start making salads. And then they got on their heels. They got on their heels, everybody sensed it, and now look at them. Okay? Four or five years later, now they got to make breakfast all day. Right? Because you know what happened. All the potheads showed up. Hey, man, if you re gonna make him a salad, like… like, what if I want, like, a breakfast thingy and it s not breakfast? Like…  You re gonna hook him up, but you re not gonna hook me up? That s, like, food racism or something, man. I just don t understand. They re like, Fine! We ll start making breakfasts. They just completely lost their way. I swear to God, dude, if I was running that corporation, this is what I would do. I d bring that clown back. All right? I d bring the clown back, okay, and I d just have that thing just look right down the barrel of the camera, have a little bit of dry ice in the background. You come right in tight on his face. He just looks right in the camera and goes, Look… if you can t get your fat ass down here… by 10:30 in the morning… you re getting a burger.  All right?  No. No. The clown ain t finished!  I m not making pancakes at three o clock in the afternoon because you did blow all night with your friends and you re just getting your shit together, all right? Make no mistake, this is a burger joint. It s always been a burger joint. We did that breakfast thing as a favor. We were just trying to freak out IHOP. ‘Oh, we re doing it, too! We re doing it, too! Your own mother won t make you pancakes at three o clock in the afternoon, okay? So get your fat ass or your drugged-up ass down here before 10:30. We decide. It s our place. We tell you what the fuck we re making, all right? That s it. Take him out, then he pushes a kid on a swing. Something nice. So… Anyways, by the time this special comes out, another election will have come and gone, and it s just… God knows who we picked. It s another one, they re not gonna fucking talk about anything. The oceans are dying. They just said the Great Barrier Reef is dead. You know? Genetically altered food. There s too many fucking people. I don t even know… They re just talking about a bunch of shit. You know? Bruce has to drop a deuce. Where is he gonna go? Which bathroom should this guy use? I don t give a shit. This guy has enough money to literally have a porta-potty rickshaw running behind him. How are you going to eliminate… a couple billion fucking people? Do you ever think about that shit? You know, they never talk to us about it. You know they do behind closed doors. A bunch of creepy dudes all sitting around some giant table. Right? They probably talk about it then. Just sitting down after, like… I trust everyone had their fun?  Let s get down to the task at hand. There are over 7.5 billion people on the planet. We re running out of fresh water. There won t be enough chicken… to feed the others. Does anyone here have any suggestions… on how to eliminate the pressures of the undesirables?  Ah, yes, you. Number four. You may speak.  Well, you know, what uh… What if we, like, slowly cooked em at the airport? You know? Just throwing it out there. What if you had a revolving-door-looking thing, you made em take their shoes off, they got in and they stood up like that? And you just radiate em from head to toe… once on the way out, once on the way back.  Oh, yes. Yes! I like that. I like the sound of that. And how would that work? Would you have it on low at first, sear them like a tuna steak? They don t understand. You let the children go. We ll use them for slaves later, right? No old people. They ll die soon. Just people in the prime of their life. And gradually, over the years, you increase it and they start frothing at the mouth. They don t recognize their children. The property comes back to us!  Oh. I trust everyone at this table flies private? Dude, my wife thinks I m out of my mind because I think shit like that. But I think I m right. Dude, I know they think about it. I know they think about it, because I think about it. Every time I land in a city and it s two o clock in the afternoon, I m just driving down the street and I m in the middle of a fucking traffic jam, that inner Mussolini comes out of me, right? Like, What are all these people doing in my road?! They must be eliminated! I don t know. Like, how do you not fucking bring it up? It s cause it would freak everybody out, you know, that you have to start maybe taking some measures… to start thinning out the herd. Do you feel that? That s right. That s right, yeah. And what do you think, dude? You think you re gonna… You think you re in the fucking upper tier? You re in the… You re in the luxury boxes, yeah? You spend a lot of time with yourself. You re doing a lot of nodding. I like what I think. I like what I think a lot. What I think is the way it should be. I understand what that s like. I live this fucking isolated life, man. I go on the road, I m in green rooms, and I just fucking, you know… I m just by myself all the time. You slowly go fucking crazy. I did a gig recently. I was in Ireland and I was in the green room by myself. I went to turn on the light. It was one of those pull switches. It wound up around itself, looked like a little noose. I immediately thought, What if I stuck my head in there and just…  and just turn the lights out? literally and figuratively. I was not thinking about killing myself at all. The second I thought, What if I just fucking did that? And then I looked in the mirror, I caught my eye and we both laughed. Yeah. I had this wonderful little moment with myself. No words needed to be spoken. You know? Yeah. So I think about the population all the time, as you can tell. On my specials, I m always talking about it. I think I got the plan, cause I know… No. Wait until you hear the plan first, cause a lot of people are gonna die. Before you start hootin and hollerin . Everybody thinks they re gonna fucking make it, right? This is how you do it. Well, this is how I would do it. First of all, you ve got to become a dictator, okay? Because it s too late to be like, Hey, man, maybe just have a couple… It s too fucking late. Someone s got to have the balls to take out the sickle… and start chopping some heads. So, here s my idea. I become dictator. Obviously you ve got to murder everybody in power, right? From the head all the way down to their goldfish, you ve got to kill everyone in the family so they don t come back for their revenge, like in Godfather II or every karate movie you ve ever seen, right? You ve got to do it the way the Russians did, where you don t find the skulls for 100 fucking years. That s the way you do it. Then you take control of the media. I keep all of you guys media blacked out. You don t know what s going on unless I want you to know it, right? Big pictures of me. You ve got to sing songs about me. If there s no passion in it, a black van pulls up and you re never seen from again. All right? I figure three to six months of that, everybody gets on the same page, and that s when I d start thinning it out. This is how I would do it. I would just start randomly sinking cruise ships. Just hear me out. It s the way to go. It s the way to go. You get 2,500 to 3,000 people a whack. And I think it s a really good mix of people to get rid of. You know? Think about the kinds of people that take a cruise. These aren t forward thinkers. These aren t seekers. They re not pivotal to our survival. You ever hear somebody coming back from a cruise? It s one of the worst stories you re ever gonna hear. Because they don t do shit. They don t want to travel to another country, interact with a new culture, try to figure out the train system or the money. All they want to do is just sit on a fucking boat. Just drinking. That s all they want to do. Right? Worst story you ll ever hear. Hey. How was your cruise?  Oh, it was great. I was fucking laying there. There was a DJ over here on the one-and-the-two wooka-wooka thing. Right? And then they had this chocolate fountain. It was like a fountain, but it was chocolate! And you stuck the toothpick in the food, and you stuck it in the chocolate, and you stuck it in your mouth. Then, ‘I want another drink! Then they bring it, you drink it, it dribbles down and it gathers in your navel. You punch yourself… to get it in your mouth. Then, every day around noon, we line up for lunch. What s for lunch? We don t know. We don t make decisions. Whatever they give us. I like all-inclusive, you just have to think once. Can I write that number on this piece of paper? All right, tell me where to go. I m telling you, if you guys could just get past the humanity of what I am suggesting… If you could just get past it and maybe lose a couple of friends here or there… I am telling you, you wouldn t miss them. You know when you d miss em? When you went to a baseball game and there wasn t those 100 people in the upper deck trying to get the wave going. Right? You wouldn t have people getting mad cause someone s sitting during a song, like, That s offensive to me, even though I don t know the issue! Right? Nashville, a little pull back on that one. A little pull back. It s about police brutality. It has nothing to do with you and your beautiful white world, and mine, right? Just let it go. I don t give a fuck if you watched every episode of McHale s Navy. This is still not about you. It s not a military issue. I m telling you, you wouldn t fucking miss em. And this is the deal, all right? I wouldn t just give the order to start sinking these cruise ships and then retire to my chambers with my mistresses and my whores. Right? Just banging away, wearing the whole uniform. The whole dictator uniform. Everything except for the pants. Right? Compression socks with sock garters, just banging away. My honorary medals just clanging off my chest. The big thing is to see how long I could fuck and keep the hat on. Like, Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! No, you can t do that. That brings resentment amongst your men. You ve got to lead them into battle, and I would. I would. I d have my own sub. All right? I d have my own sub and I would hunt these cruise ships on a moonlit summer night. That s right. On a moonlit summer night, when sound carries. You know, those summer nights when your neighbor s talking about you. He doesn t think you can hear him. You re on your porch. Is that how it is?  So that s how it is, right? One of those nights. And I d be a sport about it. I d surface before I did it. I m armed, they re not. It s only fair, right? If they see me, I give them a little wink, a little nod. I d have a little Red Baron class. All right, get the fuck out of here. Right? But if you didn t see me, it would be game on. And every moonlit summer night, every summer I would go out to harvest. That would be the deal. I would just surface. And listen for the music, yeah?  Fire one.  Dude, look at my arms in this tank top. And then you cruise over, you strafe all the survivors. Bring it around! That would be it. Twenty-five hundred to 3,000 less people. And you know what s the greatest thing? It s all underwater. All the evidence is gone. All the evidence is gone. Every mass murderer throughout time has fucked up. They did it on land. You re gonna get caught. Where are you gonna put all of that, right? You do it out to sea. It all goes under, you know? Nobody knows. I don t know what happened. I have no idea. No evidence. No evidence. Maybe… Maybe, like, a flip-flop, right? Like an Ed Hardy shirt just… floating by. I m controlling the media and nobody knows about it, right? And as I sank the ships, I would be building exact replicas at the same time, right? So I d be eliminating people while creating jobs. You guys have no fucking idea what s going on. All of you just realize, like, Wow, man, the traffic s easing up. I m getting into third gear at five o clock at night. This is crazy! I don t know what s going on, but this Bill guy s all right. Another buddy of mine got a job building ships. Can you fucking believe that? That industry, it s just blowing up. It s crazy. Dude, I want to get a job down there. They pay great. You know, make a little extra money. Who knows? Maybe you and me take a cruise. We d have a good time, right? Get out there. That s how it would work. That s how my ethnic cleansing would work. It wouldn t be based on race or religion. It would just be based on people dumb enough to think that taking a cruise is actually travelling. Technically, you re travelling, but what are you seeing? Just a bunch… Look at the water! Oh, my God! You can tell that s the Atlantic Ocean. That definitely does not look like the Pacific Ocean. So… Yeah, look, admittedly, I m a fucking psycho. And uh… Oh, yeah. Dude, I have dreams… I had a dream two years ago that still haunts me. You know? You ever have one of those dreams where you think you woke up but didn t? You re just sitting up and it feels like… I had one of those dreams, right? So I just sat up in bed, and I looked over, and there was a little girl in the corner. No idea who she was. She was, like, three, four years old. And she was talking to me, but I couldn t understand what she was saying. She was standing in the corner, going… I was like, What?  What did you say? I… I can t hear you, sweetheart. You ve got to come closer. She walked halfway to the bed. She was nodding her head, going… Big, like, The Grudge eyes. I m just… You ve got to come closer. She walks up to the bed. I was like, I couldn t hear you, sweetheart. What did you say? And she just nods and just goes, You re gonna kill yourself. I just sat up, like… I m like, No, I m not! No, I am not! My wife wakes up. What s the matter?  I just had the most scary dream I ve ever had in my life! It was horrible! She s like, Was I in it?  No, you self-centered jackass! Jesus Christ! Not everything is about you, sweetheart. I love you, but it s not all about you. Now, shut up. I m gonna… I tried to go to sleep in the same position so I d run into that little girl again, so I could, Look, you little shit, you don t go around saying that to people! Now, I m not gonna kill myself. I don t know what that dream meant, because you dream in metaphors, man. You know? I don t know. It just freaks me out, though, you know? It disturbs my wife and shit. But there is one good thing about being a psycho. You know, a great thing about being a psycho is you can spot another psycho from a mile away. You know? That s a really great thing. I can spot em. You know, it s in the eyes. Never look at the costume. Nice people look at the costume. They ll see somebody in, like, dad jeans, you know, pushing their kid on the swing, the whole nerdy sweater. Hey! How are you doing? Can you believe the summer s already over? I mean, this is crazy, right? Oh, this one here has got me running around, you know? She s running the house! She s running the house. People are always like, Oh, my God. He s so nice. Such a great family man. And I m just sitting, thinking in my head, dude, that guy is a fucking psycho! He s a psycho! Look at his eyes. You don t see that? That dude is barely hanging on! He is white-knuckling it through all the shit he thinks he s supposed to do. All that fucking guy needs, all he needs, he just needs a little nudge. That s it, just a little nudge. You have no idea what that guy s capable of. I would not want to see the hard drive of that man s computer, I m telling you. Yeah, so I do it all the time. I m pretty good at picking out psychos, and it drives my wife nuts. I remember she was one of the first people that got into Kanye West, right? The great Kanye West. Everybody loves him and stuff, right? Oh, shut up. Jesus Christ. Why did I come to Nashville? Boo! It s a black artist! You re bringing it up in the Ryman. What the fuck? It s the Grand Ole Opry, man! It s not MTV Raps! But I m stereotyping you. I m acting like cause you re from the South, you re racists, like all the racists are just down here. That isn t true. You know, they re all over the place. It s just different degrees. Right? Like, me, I m racist, like, at the end of the day. Like, I m a great fucking guy, I don t give a shit who you are in the morning. You re eating your cereal. Hey! How are you? What s going on? But as the sun starts to go down and the fear starts coming up, that s when you start thinking the worst of people, right? I know, nobody s gonna be honest. I don t give a fuck who you are. Twelve, midnight, in a parking garage by yourself, whatever is walking at you, there s no happy thoughts. You re not thinking, Oh, that guy, he s probably uh… he s probably building a website and… You re not thinking that. That dude s gonna cut me up, eat me. Whatever he doesn t eat, he s gonna fuck. That is what you think, right? All right? But if you do that at night, that s normal, I think, because it s fear. It s the people at breakfast that are already just sitting there, like, Fucking Jews! You know, that s when you ve got an issue. So… So, anyway… I ve just got to do this. When you talk about race and that shit as a white dude, you ve got to go easy. You know, because very easily it starts feeling like a meeting. You know? Whenever I start hearing, like, Yeah! All right! Whoo! That s when I go, I ve got to pull back. People aren t seeing what I m saying. I wore a country shirt. Things are getting a little off the rails here. Can I get back to Kanye West? Half of you have probably downloaded his shit. All right? All right, here we go. So, my wife got freaked out because… Early on, she was loving the guy. And I was thinking he was cool. Then, one day, I saw him do an interview. He was talking shit about how great he was, and there was just this look that was in his eye, and it just made me nervous. I m like, Dude, this guy is uh… This guy is, like… This guy is volatile, man. There s something with this guy. He s making me nervous. This guy is, like, right on the edge of, like, snapping, right? She goes, You re out of your mind. I was thinking, I don t know. I think this guy is fucked up. Then I was convinced, because one day I came walking in, she was listening to him do an interview, and I didn t know it was him. He was talking about how great he was, and I came walking in, and all I did was hear this shit. And, like, literally, a chill ran down my spine, and I just started thinking, like, No! No! No! And I turned, and I looked. Before it even registered that it was Kanye, my first thought was, Oh, thank God. Oh, thank God. It s just a black guy.  Thank God! It s just a black guy. Yeah, I know, you re right to pull back. It s right to get awkward, you don t know where this could go. This could very easily go in a Klan-ish direction, okay? So just let me clarify. Just hear me out. I m thinking, Thank God it s a black guy, meaning, Thank God that ego that is in him… When that thing floated down from the heavens, or the cosmos, whatever the hell Joel Osteen shit you believe… All right? When that thing was floating down, it could have landed in anybody. Thank God… it landed in a black guy. Thank God it got wrapped up in that, trapped within that. It s safe in there. No reason to worry when it s in there, because if that ego, however, had floated down… and landed in a blue-eyed white dude, there is no telling the damage that could have been done. You re talking entire civilizations wiped out… worldwide famine, the moon colliding with the Earth. Thank God that ego landed in a black guy. Because he s just as nuts as some of the craziest white dudes of all time, he just doesn t have the opportunity to follow through with the madness. Right? Yeah, there s a glass ceiling on evil. You never noticed that? Dude, go home, put on the History channel. Like, the top nine out of ten most batshit-crazy dudes who ever walked the earth are all white dudes. Now, why is that? Because white dudes are more evil than anybody else? It s a possibility. It s a possibility. We ve definitely got the numbers. But I think it s different. You know what it is? Nobody s watching white dudes. Right? White dudes, too many of em gather and somebody pulls up, All right, break it up! Keep it moving! Get out of here! Getting pulled over for no fucking reason, none of that shit. You re a white dude. It s just an open field. Anything you think, Hey, I m gonna do that. No one s stopping you. You just… You just start running. Next thing you know, you re handing out buttons, you ve got your own uniform. You re starting a fucking war, right? All Kanye West is allowed to do is fuck up an award show every three to four years. Make a public service announcement a little awkward for Mike Myers. That s as far as he s ever gonna get. I know, I know. You don t believe me. Dude, okay, next time Kanye s going off on himself, I m telling you, just close your eyes, forget it s him and really listen to what is coming out of this guy s mouth. He says shit like, I m a genius.  I m a god. I m Shakespeare.  My biggest regret is I ll never get to see myself perform live. That s a direct quote. My biggest regret is I ll never get to see myself perform live. Dude, you put that ego in a white dude, then it s… and the blitzkrieg, and the superior race!  Vienna will return to Deutschland first! No, I m telling you. But we re okay. We re okay. It s in a black guy. Nothing s gonna happen. You never noticed that shit? Crazy black guys, as far as they can get, they can just freak people out in the subway. They can stand on a street corner with their book and their friends, just yelling about white people. These people got tails! The motherfuckers got tails! They re evil! You just cross the street. That s it. In a perfect world, Hitler never would have made it past the subway level. That s as far as he ever would have got. You would have been on the train. What are you gonna do tonight?  Play a little fantasy football. The door would just open. He d come walking through. And they should have the blue eyes and the blonde hair, and the pubes like the sun! And you re just sitting there. Just ignore him. Let him pass through. Let him pass through. And he d just walk into the other part of the train. Literally, a world war just passing through. But he was a white dude, no one watched him and his hair was flopping around, and nobody gave a fuck. All right? So that s kind of like the weird lesson… that I learned with Kanye West. You know? Like, every once in a while, racism works. Like, 99.9 per cent of the time, it s the ugliest thing we do to one another, but every once in a while we get lucky and that marble, it just rolls into the right hole and we get off easy. We got off easy with that guy. I ve got to commend you guys. You did well with the Hitler reference. You did all right. Nothing quiets a room like dropping the H-bomb. You bring up Adolf Hitler, it gets fucking quiet, to this day. This dude, fucking, he died, like, what, 75 fucking years ago, allegedly. You know? Some think he went down to South America… And why are they so brown? for the rest of his life. At this point, even if he lived, he s fucking dead, right? We can go with that, right? But still, to this day, though, even though he died let s say 75-fucking-years ago, he s still the benchmark for evil. Have you ever noticed that? He is the reference. Any time you want to say somebody s evil, you just say, He is the next Hitler.  Donald Trump, he s the next Hitler.  Saddam Hussein, he s the next Hitler. It s always, He s the next Hitler, okay? I don t know what the fuck they used to say before Hitler came around, right? He s the next Genghis Khan.  He s the next Napoleon. I don t know, Ivan the Terrible. I don t know what they said. But whatever they used to say, he wiped them all out. He was so fucked up, it s like what they did didn t even exist any more. All right? It s like when Michael Jordan came into the NBA. He was so fucking good… he wiped out everyone. No one ever goes, He s the next Dr. J.  He s the next Wilt. No one says that. It s always, He s the next Mike. Right? Adolf Hitler is the Michael Jordan of evil. He is. Like, Nike literally should have made him a sneaker, like a giant fucking boot. You know, it s all stiff around your knees so you get that walk going down. Right? Like, if there was an evil hall of fame, you ve got to put Hitler in. He s first-ballot hall-of-fame evil. Okay? Undeniable stats. He s got the career numbers. You know? Six to nine million dingers, you re getting in. You re getting in. People, its a sports analogy. I m not advocating what the man did. Can we all be adults here? All right? Am I gonna be on a split screen tomorrow morning with some blogger? On some Good Morning, Nashville show. Comedy: Can it go too far? Last night at the Ryman Theater…  making fun of fat people, sinking cruise ships was all fine. Suddenly, it took a horrible, horrible turn. Fortunately, local blogger Maggie Maggenhall was on the scene. Maggie, can you describe what you were subjected to… during last night s horrible rant?  Well, first of all, everybody that knows me knows I have a great sense of humor. I think this is funny, I think that is funny, but that, last night, that was not funny. It always goes down like that. They always have to establish what a wonderful sense of humor they have. No, it s a sports analogy. Okay? Six to nine million. He got all of that one! He had power from both sides of the plate. He d have his own fucking wing. Okay? But this is what kills me about Hitler. Killed six to nine million people. Meanwhile, Stalin killed 20 to 25 million, basically over the exact same period, okay? Yet, he cannot get arrested in the conversation of most fucked-up dude who ever walked the planet. It s always, He s the next Hitler. He s the next Hitler. Well, how many fucking people do you have to kill just to get a little shout-out, a little tip of the cap? What do you think of this guy?  He s the next Hitler. How about, every once in a while, This guy s a little Stalin-esque ? I see a little Jo-Jo in this guy. Right? He almost tripled his fucking numbers. He gets brought up like he was a backup! Why don t his kills count? Does anybody… Anybody, why doesn t his fucking kills count? I don t get it. Is it because he just looked like some regular guy, your neighbor? You know, driving a little John Deere. I just killed a million Ukrainians. He just drives around his yard. Is that what it is? I think it is. Hitler just… I don t know, he just looked the part. He s like… From central casting, you couldn t pick a more evil-looking dude. Like, go home tonight, google pictures of Adolf Hitler. Get put on the same watch list that I m on, all right? I m telling you, there s not one cute picture of that guy his whole life. It s just all pure evil. There s no, like, teenage boy-band years, like… You google a picture of Adolf as a baby. You look at that thing, you re like, Dude, drown that fucking thing! Drown it! Take it down to the river, stick it under a rock. If you don t do it, I m gonna fucking do it. I swear to God, it s looking at me. I would kick it right in its baby chest… and feel no guilt whatsoever. Dude, Hitler is actually so evil, he actually makes me want to learn how to speak German. You know what I mean? I just want to know, what the fuck was he saying to those people? Every speech. He s so clearly out of his fucking mind. It s got to be what he s saying. What the fuck did he say? There s no way he said what he planned on doing from the get-go. Some unknown candidate, right, early on… Okay, our next speaker coming to the stage…  to possibly run Deutschland for the foreseeable future. His name is um… Oh, dear. I left my glasses backstage. Is that Alan? Is it Alan? Oh, Adolf. Adolf, okay. Oh, okay, okay. Whoa. This guy s got a bee in his bonnet. Okay, please welcome Adolf Hitler. You got three minutes, buddy.  And I m going to kill millions of people! I know what they should look like… The eyeballs a centimeter apart! I have the outfits for the rest of the people! Dude, you can t come out of the gates… talking to a crowd like that. You re gonna freak em out. You can t go that hard in the beginning. You know? You can do that in the woods with a couple of drinking buddies. Freaking people out. Hey, Matt, relax. There s girls here. Jesus Christ.  I think I ve got a shot here. I m trying to get laid. Can you just be a wingman? For once in your life, dude, can you just be a… Just bring the energy down. Nobody gives a fuck about your fucking theories, okay? Just be a chill guy. You ve got shit on your mouth. Either grow a moustache or don t. You look ridiculous. I m sorry, ladies. He gets a little excited. What I think he was doing, I think he was just being a crowd-pleasing hack, if I had to guess. He was telling Germans what they wanted to hear. And we have the best cars, we have the best women. Oktoberfest is the shit! He s just shooting free T-shirts up. Fucking armbands. Right? I don t know. It s something that s always bothered me. Not always, just recently. If this guy kills six to fucking nine, everybody s… we definitely don t want another one of those. Well, what about this guy? Twenty to fucking 25. You know? What it is, there s probably a couple of egghead history majors going, Well, Bill, if we re gonna go around the world, you know, what about that dude Mao from China? He allegedly killed 50-60 million people. What about that guy? How come you don t bring him up? Simple. I don t count those kills. I don t. I don t count em. Dude, there s, like, a billion people in China. You wipeout on a scooter, you re gonna kill 80 not even trying. Fifty to 60 million, that s like steroid-era stats. Like, get the fuck out of here. What are you on? Come on. Am I supposed to believe that number? That s like when a second baseman had, like, 50 jacks. Dude, you had 20 in high school. Get the fuck out of here, 50 homeruns! I don t get it. I just don t get why… What I feel, whenever I do this bit, I always feel the crowd, you guys just don t like a sports analogy. You know? Let s go music, all right? It s Nashville. We ll look at it in a musical way. All right? Okay. Hitler drops an album. He sells six to nine million copies. All right? He s got a couple of summertime jams, maybe a prom song. He just catches a moment. He has his own dance, like Gangnam Style, except it s got a little more with the hands. Right? It s more of an upper-body song. Then, later on that summer, Stalin drops his new shit. He sells 20-25 million copies. Twenty to 25 million copies is Michael Jackson Thriller, okay? One of the greatest artists, one of the greatest albums of all time. Six to nine million in sales, that s like Hootie & The Blowfish Cracked Rear View Mirror. Now, if you guys were at home in your apartment or your fucking barn, whatever it is you do down here… sitting there with your lantern… and you re sound asleep… next to your favorite bale of hay. You re sound asleep… and someone runs in at three in the morning. Dude, run down to the bar! It s the next Michael Jackson, I swear to God! You would consider it. Michael Jackson, I ve got to fucking see that. But if somebody woke you up, like, Dude, you ve got to see this guy! He s the next Hootie & The Blowfish! Right? You d smash him over the head with your fucking lantern, or whatever you ve got. Why don t his fucking kills count? Dude, Stalin, he even killed his own friends. Hitler didn t even do that. You go duck hunting with Stalin. You thought you were in with him. He s taking pictures with you and shit. It s all fucking good, right? Then, a week later, you parted your hair a little bit different, he got paranoid, and that was it, he whacked you. That s it. Not only that, he then had you erased out of the photo. You know? Next thing you know, Stalin s hugging a tree or some shit like that. This guy was photoshopping people out of photos… like, 60 years before the technology existed. He changed the fucking game! Yeah. So, I watch a lot of the YouTube videos, right? So, the other night, my wife, lovely wife, she s falling asleep. I can t because I m all scatterbrained, so I just start watching YouTube clips. Okay? And I ended up seeing this clip of this lady down at the zoo. All right? This lady down at the zoo, who I m sure wasn t making as much money as the guy who worked at the zoo, and that s what needs to stop. Ladies, did you ever think of opening your own zoo? You know? Is there a reason you wait until we build the whole fucking thing, and then you show up when all the hard work is done? All the animals are captured. Hey, where s my fucking corner office?! Yeah. Start your own fucking zoo! Go out and catch a cobra, see how that is. That s not the point of this story. I just like… I just like being a dick sometimes. So, this lady down at the zoo. This lady down at the zoo, she taught this gorilla how to do sign language. Okay? And I don t just mean like hello and goodbye. Like, literally phrases. This thing could, like, talk about its emotions. They were actually conversing. The gorilla is talking to her. Oh, my God. You look upset.  Oh, I m kind of sad. And they re just talking. So immediately, like, my brain just went fucking crazy. I was like, Oh, my God. She s talking to a gorilla. I love gorillas. Who wouldn t talk to a gorilla? Without thinking that my wife is sleeping, I just blurted out, Ask it how much it can bench! Ask it how much it can bench! My wife pops up. What are you doing? I m like, Look at this! Look! She s talking to a gorilla! And we both just got sucked into this thing. Right? So, long story short, she s talking to this gorilla, and one day she decides to get it a little kitten. A little kitty cat, right? Immediately I m thinking, like, Don t get it a cat! It s a gorilla. It s gonna twist the thing s head off, throw the body over there, play with the head for a while. Sniffing it and stuff. And then, later, it s gonna walk over and set the head down next to the body and wonder why the whole thing s not getting up again. Because it s a fucking gorilla. It s a wild animal. Wild animals don t have pets, right? It s kill or be killed out there. That s it. They don t have little parakeets on their shoulders and shit. But it was the exact opposite. She gives it this little kitten, and it immediately understood it was a baby, and this, like, parental thing came over. It was so, like, gentle and filled with joy. It was, like, beautiful, right? And then they understood that it loved this kitten, and they started using it as, like, a teaching tool, right? So every night they take the cat back, all right, and the next day they come in. If the gorilla learned its phrases, it got to play with the kitten. They use it as a motivational tool. So the gorilla s vocabulary started going through the roof. All right? So, to cut to the chase, one night they take the cat home. Somehow, the little kitten gets out. It got hit by car and it died. Yeah, that cat you never met died. I m sorry for your loss. I know you knew it, all of it, for fucking 20 seconds. You know? I don t know if it was dead instantly, like if it drove right over its head and that was it. Or maybe it just hit the back legs and it tried to crawl away, but it was… it was, like, stuck to the road, and it was… it was meowing out and it could see its breath. And right before it lost consciousness, the rats came in, and it was… it was just screaming, and in such… Cute little paws, it was like little socks, trying to get up. I don t know what happened. But you seemed so fucking concerned about this kitten… I figured I d throw out a couple of theories. More concerned about the kitten than the Hitler shit, by the way. More of a reaction. More of a reaction. That s fine. Every crowd s a little bit different. That s not the point of the story. Okay? The point of the story… was now this lady had to go down to the zoo, she had to tell the gorilla that the kitten was dead, right? So she comes back down to the zoo, and the gorilla s all amped up. This is its favorite part of the day. Its mind is engaged and it sees its little friend. And at this point, its vocabulary is, like, crazy now. The lady shows up. The gorilla s all amped up. It looks at her like, Oh, shit! What s up? Yeah! Right? Now, I can t do sign language, so you have to bear with me through the rest of this bit. I m gonna do the best I can, all right? So the thing s like, What s up? Yeah! All right? But the zookeeper lady, she has, like, you know, just sitting there all sad, you know, trying to think how she s gonna tell it, and the gorilla picked up on the vibe. She s kind of like… Hello. All of a sudden, the gorilla s energy comes down. She starts looking at the lady, like… What s uh… What s wrong with you?  Is there something that I need to know? Huh? So the lady s sitting there, she s like, Uh… Oh, Jesus. Uh…  Well… Well, the… the kitty cat… it got hit by a car… and it s fucking dead. And the gorilla immediately took it in. It immediately took it in. It understood. Like, its bottom lip started quivering, its eyes started watering up, it was signing crying. And later on that night, you could hear it crying inside of its house. They built it a house. I don t know why. They live in trees. It was probably the guilt of putting the thing in fucking jail, right? Whatever. It was a two-bedroom. It sounded like it was in the kitchen. And you just hear this thing… in this house at night, just going… And that was the end of the video. That was the end of the video. And, like you, I was sitting there, like, What the fuck?  You re gonna end on that? And then, literally, right in that moment, I felt my wife s head just rest on my shoulder, and she was like, That was so sad. I mean, it was beautiful, but it was sad. And I was just like, Get off me.  Just… Just get off me. And I closed the laptop, set it down on the nightstand, and I just got up, and I started pacing. As this fucking rage was coming up in me, my wife s, like, freaking out. She s like, What s wrong? What is wrong with you? I m like, What do you mean, ‘What s wrong? That video is fucked up! What is the purpose of that? You teach a gorilla how to talk, you re shootin the shit, you get it a pet kitten and then it dies. And then the gorilla cries, and it s fucking sad, and then that s it? That s what you re leaving me with? I ve got to have that in my fucking head? How is that the end of the video? Somebody, for fuck s sake, tell me. Dude, that gorilla understood the concept of death. If it understands the concept of death, it understands its own captivity. Okay? So it never dawned on that lady, that whole time she s shootin the shit with him, it never dawned on her to sign to the thing, like, Hey. Like, Do you want to get the fuck out of here?  Do you hate it in here? Do you want to fucking kill us… for sticking you in here, away from your friends in the jungle? And the thing would be like, Yeah!  Yeah, please get me out. I beg of you! It fucking sucks in here! Right? And then you could have brainstormed, right? Like, Okay, I m gonna get you out of here. The only bad part would be you d have to deal with the gorilla and its crazy fucking gorilla idea. You know, like brainstorming its escape plan. The gorilla would be like, Okay, we ll get a bunch of bananas. We ll throw em and distract em, and then we ll climb out just using our arms. You literally just have to sit there, going, like, Okay. Okay. Uh… Not… Not trying to be a dick, but… I have a better idea. No, no, no. No disrespect to you. Okay?  But I m gonna go to Big & Tall. I m gonna get a jacket, a hat, and some fucked-up-looking shoes. Okay? And what I need from you… What I need from you, okay… What I need from you is you ve got to lay off this shit. All right? No more of this. Okay? No, no disrespect. Okay? I need you… I need you to man up, all right? Stand up straight. Arm down. Stand up straight. Here s the difficult part, right here, okay? Left hand, right foot; right hand, left foot. You got it? Bam. Bam. All right? You get that shit down, I ll get you out of here in ten days. Cool? It s gonna be okay. Deal. Fuck! All right.  See you in ten days, right? So, like, the first day, the gorilla s sitting there, going, Okay. Okay.  No. No, no, no. No. No.  Okay. Okay.  Yes!  Fuck! So that s the first day. That s day one, but the gorilla keeps working at it, right? Like, day two – day two it s kind of getting… Day three, day five, day seven, day nine, day ten. I m doing it! I m fucking doing it! Then she could have came back and broke that gorilla out of jail, right? Show up at night. You re doing it! Put on the jacket, hat. Come on! You take him down to the car, the only way to get him back. You ve got to take it by car down to the harbor. That s the only way to get it back to the jungle. You can t go to the airport. You can t go to the airport, going through that fucking security. Right? Once he takes his shoes off and that thumb comes sticking out, it s fucking over! It s over. You keep it below deck. You keep the fucking thing below deck until you get out to international waters. Then you re fine. It s captain s law. Come aboard, right? And have the thing sit down. Other boats going by are looking at you, like, Is that a gorilla?  Yeah. What have you got, blood diamonds? Go fuck yourself!  Fucking sex slaves? Get out of here! I ll have him come aboard and rip that mask right off! And you re just hanging with the gorilla. You get to have that experience of seeing the thing free for the first time. As it comes over the horizon, it finally sees the jungle. It s getting all excited. It jumps off the boat, it s rolling in the sand. Buddy, we did it! Don t fuck up the coat, I ve got to bring it back. We did it! All right, I love you. I ll miss you. Get out of here before they see you. The thing runs right to the edge of the jungle and it just… disappears. It did it. I knew it. He wanted to go see his friends, man. He wanted to be free. It s gonna be fucking great. He s gonna go meet his buddies, he s gonna talk to his friends now, like he should be, right? He s, uh… He s gonna go talk to his friends.  He ll… probably teach them how to talk.  Then, of course… they ll probably get horses. Did I just start Planet of the fucking Apes? He s gonna teach his friends how to talk and get horses? Dude, I gotta kill this fucking thing! I gotta kill it. I fucked up. I gotta kill it. Sorry. Where s my Glock? Where the fuck is my Glock?! Where is it? It was right here! It was right here! Fuck! Got a little six shooter. Fuck it, I ll take this. You run into the jungle, but it s a gorilla, so it s long gone. But you can t give up, man. All of society s gonna go down on you. You ve got to kill this thing. So you re just trudging through the jungle for months. You get six, seven months in, you ve got, like, malaria, you re about ready to give up. And out of nowhere, your buddy just jumps down, just like… Oh, shit! What the fuck are you doing here? Then you just pull out your six shooter. I m sorry, buddy. I gotta do it. The gorilla would be like, But… I… I thought we were friends. Why?  Well, you know, cause… cause Jesus wanted it that way, you know?  There s this whole book. He made us in his image. We re just, you know… We re better than you, you know? Sorry, I can t have you talking to other chimps and then you tear down the Statue of Liberty.  Everyone s gonna think I m an asshole. Look, I ll make it quick. And right as you go to pull the trigger, the gorilla pulls out that Glock you couldn t find. I just… I just want to know one thing. How did you know?  You knew before I knew. I don t have an ending for this. I don t. And in a weird way, now you know how I felt.. When I watched that video. You know what it was? You know what it was? I did that joke all around the country, all right, and the gorilla always died, cause Jesus wanted it that way… and that was it. And it fucking bombed in every goddamn city in this country except for Dallas, Texas. That was the only place where they got it. And I m not shitting on Texas. It bombed in Houston, Austin, El Paso, San Antonio. Killed in Dallas. They are the only ones who got it. They were like, Hey, man, you did what you had to do. You did what you had to do, man.  I mean, I loved that gorilla, too, but goddamnit, you cannot have two species working together. I tell you right now, you get a couple of gorillas on a bareback horse with a single bolt action rifle, that is the end of society as we know it.  You should get a hypothetical medal… for killing that gorilla, hypothetically. So… All right. I m gonna end with a quick little story here, okay? They re always talking about how to make a woman happy, but they don t do it enough to help you guys out how to make a man happy. The great thing about men is we re fucking simple. We re fucking simple, okay? So here s the thing. You want to make a guy happy? If you re with a good guy, okay, this is all you ve got to do, okay? How about four times a year, once a season… you go out to the kitchen. Without him saying shit, you make a sandwich, you get him a beer, you walk out, you give it to him, you don t say a word, and you just fucking leave. That s all you ve got to do. Every three months, you do that, you ll keep him happy. That s all it takes. I know right out of the gate this is coming off sexist, because I m saying, Go out in the kitchen. Make your man a sandwich. I m not saying women belong in the kitchen, barefoot and pregnant, rubbing my balls. I m not saying that. Okay? I m just saying, women, go in the kitchen. Just go in the kitchen four times in a year, make a sandwich. A toddler could do that. Just put it together. Grab two slices of pre-made, pre-sliced bread, two handfuls of pre-murdered meat. Put a little mustard on it. Grab a beer, walk out, just hand it to him, don t say shit, and then fucking leave. When I say leave, I mean leave. I don t mean walk into another room for, like, ten minutes and then stick your head back and be like, Did you like it? Was it good? Great, because downstairs we need to… Don t yell at me! I just made you a sandwich! I don t mean that. I mean leave. Get in the car and fucking get out of here. Take the kids, drive down the street. Go see Lord Of The Rings a couple of times, and leave your man in the stunned silence of what you just did. If you ever want to see your guy get emotional, to see a man get emotional, you make him a fucking sandwich that he didn t ask for. I m telling you, he s gonna have to dry the tears with the bread. He s gonna be so shocked, like… You made this for me? And I didn t even ask. Oh, my God! I think she still gives a fuck! Yeah. Quick story. Me and my wife bought a house in 2011. And by me and my wife I mean I paid for it. Right? She hates that joke, but I don t give a shit. It s true. And she s always breaking my balls. Don t put your shoes over here. They belong over there.  Yeah? Well, I bought over there, and I bought over here, so I ll put my fucking shoes wherever I want to. Oh, shirt s coming off! Where s it going? Right? So we get into the house. She s scoping it out, because she s smart. She s finding the rooms that get sun, checking closet space. Me, like an idiot, I want to check out the garage. For whatever reason, I m drawn to this. And I go down, I open the door, and the last people hadn t cleaned it out. There was a busted refrigerator, an old file cabinet, an ab-roller, something from a luau. There were like seven failed businesses in this goddamn thing, and I gotta start lugging this shit out in, like, 90-degree weather, as a redhead, hating my life, right? I got three hours into this job, my forearms were cut, I had dirt, sweat, cobwebs all over me. I wanted to burn down this fucking house. I was ready to leave. But out of nowhere, my wife showed up, big smile on her face, and she had made me a sandwich. Cut it in half diagonally, which is love, right? If they don t cut it in half, they might as well frisbee it. Here you go, you fucking piece of shit. Hose yourself off! You should live out here! You should live out here! Right? Cut it in half diagonally, poured Fritos in the middle, and gave me an ice-cold beer. She did that five years ago. Do you know, to this day, every once in a while, I still think about that sandwich. It s unbelievable. It just pops in my head like this fond memory. I ll just be by myself, talking in the car. Remember that time she made me a sandwich? It was unbelievable! She cut it in half, Fritos, an ice-cold beer. I felt like a king! That s all it takes. You know what it felt like at that moment? You remember that movie Shawshank Redemption? You know that scene where the prisoners are drinking the beer on the rooftop with the sun in their face? That s what it felt like. The only thing missing was Morgan Freeman s voice narrating over the top, And for 20 minutes, Bill Burr felt like a free man. All right, I m out of time. You guys were so awesome. Thank you so, so much for coming out. Thank you, thank you, thank you. I really had a great time. Thank you so much.

TREVOR NOAH@AFRAID OF THE DARK@2017@[audience cheering] [music playing] Wow. Wow. Oh, wow. What s happening, New York? Yeah! Oh, this is amazing. Thank you for coming out. We re gonna have fun tonight. Welcome to it, people. This is us. Can I tell you for a second? This has been my dream since I started stand-up comedy, doing a special in New York City. This is it! This is it. New York, New York! [New York accent] Yeah! New York! I m walking over here! [audience laughing] That was all I thought New York was before I came here. I just thought it was a city of people almost getting run over. Just everyone walking into the street, a taxi rolling up, slamming the hood, [New York accent] I m walking over here! What s wrong with you? You want some coffee? I don t even know what that meant. All I knew was one day, I was gonna go to New York City. And I, too, was going to almost get run over by a car. I had a dream and I set out. And it s a lot harder than it seems. In the movies, they make it look simple. They make it look like you run out, the car almost hits you, you do that thing– Hey! Slam the hood and then move on. But it s not that easy. It s all about timing. It s all about timing. It s all about being precise. You have to get out at the exact same time that the taxi is there, so it stops, so you can hit the hood. If you don t have the guts and you come out too late, the car s gone. It s a waste of everyone s time. You just look like a mad person now. You re just like… [imitates engine revving] Hey! I m walking over here! If you come out at the exact time as the car, then you just get run over. That s just pointless. You know, it s like, Hey– [thumping noises] Hey, he was walking over here. What s wrong with you? The worst one is when you come out too early. Because that s just awkward for everyone involved. Because you come out and then the car stops, but you can t reach the hood. So it s like, Hey! [imitates tires screeching] Come here. No. Come closer, please. I want to tell you a secret. Come here. No, I m from Africa. I have a dream. Please come closer. I just– I just want you– I m walking over here. I love the city. Are you kidding me? New York! My dream was to come out here. Soon as I got here, I was like, This is it! There s an energy in the city that exists nowhere in the world. New York, New York! Love it, everything about it. You know what fascinates me about New York… is how much people trust the traffic lights. I have never seen anything like it. You must remember, I come from an African country. And all over Africa, we have traffic lights. But we don t use them. All right? It s less of a command and more of a suggestion. It s not Stop! It s Stop? It s almost like an African traveled the world, saw that other people have traffic lights and then just brought them back, but didn t know what they were for. The guy was like, Guys, guys, guys. We need to get traffic lights. Ah? People were like, What for?  It s for the intersection. It adds atmosphere. No one actually knew what it was about. We don t care about the lights, and we don t trust the lights. But in New York– I ve never seen it– people trust that light with their lives. I was walking in the streets one day. I was walking next to this man. I ll never forget this. We re standing there on the sidewalk, and the light changes in our favor. And I looked to the side, and there was this truck that is barreling down the road. And I m looking at the truck. And as soon as the light changes, the guy next to me, he steps out into the road. Instinctively, I stuck my hand out to protect him. I was like, Yo, dude, there s a truck. And he was like, It s okay. We ve got the light. I said, Yeah, and he has a truck. In a game of rock-paper-scissors, you lose. But he was so confident. He was like, We ve got the light. Let s go. And he walked out. He didn t just walk out. He stared that truck driver down as he was crossing. Just looking at him. Like, I ve got the light. You know I ve got the light. You know I ve got that light. I was running behind him, all apologetic. I m sorry, I didn t know. He– I m sorry. I would have stopped– I ve never done this before. I walked with that man for 12 blocks. And let me tell you, I have never been imbued with the confidence of another human being the way I was with him. I started that day… thinking and pondering before stepping out. And after a few blocks with him, I started believing. And after eight blocks, it was the only way I knew how to live. I had my phone out. I was tweeting and texting. I didn t play games. I d be looking down, look up. The light would change, and I was out. I didn t care if a truck or a train was coming towards me. I was out! Because I ve come to realize, in America, if you got the white man on your side, you can do whatever you like. You just roll. What an exciting time it s been. I couldn t have chosen a better time to come and live in the United States. Huh? What an exciting time. I m surprised that, with everything that s happened, it hasn t all burned down. I ve been coming to the United States, on and off, visiting for almost ten years. And… what was great about visiting on and off was I got to experience America in snapshots. You know, I would feel what the people were feeling. I would get an idea of what the populace was going through. And… I ll never forget how every time I came to America… one of the biggest things I noticed was how black Americans were having a tough time. I remember the first time I came out. I was staying on the West Coast, and I met a young African American man in Compton. And we were hanging out at a comedy club. This guy, he looked over at me and he s like, Hey, yo, Trevor. You the dude from Africa, man? I said, Yeah, yeah. I m one of them, yeah. He s like, Yo, man. I can t front, B. It s an honor to meet you, man. Yo, I always wanted to meet a dude from Africa. You re an OG, man. You re an OG. I was like, Thank you. He was like, Yeah, man. You know how hard it is out here for a black man? Dude, I can t front, man. You can t get no jobs, man. The cops be on your ass all the time, man. I m fittin to go to Africa myself, man. Yo, I m gonna go to Africa with you, man. I m going with you, B. And I was like, Yeah, you should buy the ticket, we can roll. Let s go. I connected with him that day. I felt something. Fast-forward, a few years later. I remember I met… a beautiful black woman. Down South, I was doing shows in Birmingham, Alabama. This woman came up to me after the show. She connected with me instantly. She was like, Trevor, baby. Can I just tell you right now? I ain t never met a stranger I felt so connected to. When you talk about Africa, when you say those things, I m like, ‘Oh, man, oh, Lord, I wish I could go with you. Tell me all about the motherland, baby. I want to go to a place I can call my own. I want to go to a place where people don t look at me like I don t belong. Tell me all about Africa, baby. Tell me all about it. And I could feel what she was saying. And I knew that people weren t having a good time. And then you fast-forward… to 2016. I ll never forget that moment when Donald Trump… closed the lead, had a one-in-two chance of being President of the United States. And for the first time in my life, I had white Americans coming up to me, going, So, Trevor, tell me about Africa. What s going on out there? It s, uh– [laughs] Sounds like a plan, am I right? What is it, motherland? Motherland, yeah. Yeah. I should come with you. Ali boma ye. Count me in, buddy. And it s not just America as well. It s not just America. You know, a lot of Americans were shocked by that rhetoric, but if you expanded your view, you realized that the rise of nationalism is taking place all over the world. In Austria, in Australia. In England. That was what Brexit was all about. Right? They made it seem like it was about the economy, but it wasn t. The truth was it was fundamentally people who wanted their country back. It never went anywhere. But they still wanted it back. I saw people on the news, talking to the BBC. [British accent] That s why I m voting for Brexit, right? Because this bloody country is going to the dogs. Right? This bloody country. And I want Britain back. That s why we voted for Brexit, because we want Britain back! From who? From who? Britain is, like, 95% white. Who do you want it back from? People say the weirdest things, the craziest things. These bloody immigrants come over here. They re up to no good, right? I hate these bloody immigrants. They need to go back to where they came from. -But why do you hate them so much? - I ll tell you why I hate them. Because they re not even trying to be British. That s why. They don t even try to be British. They come here. They bring their own bloody culture. They bring their own food, spit their own bloody languages, try to take over the whole bloody place. That sounds British to me. If there s one country… if there s one nation in the world, that has no right to complain about immigration, it s Great Britain. If there s one nation in particular. You do understand, they created the problem that they are now dealing with. They went out and colonized the world. At one point, half of the globe was controlled by the British Empire. Do you understand how insane that is? They went around colonizing from pillar to post. People didn t care about them. No one was trying to find the British. The British were the ones traveling the world, telling everyone of their existence, knocking on doors. Hey, we re the British. Follow us. It s basically ancient Twitter, that s what that was. I m not saying the British are bad people, by the way. I understand that colonization was something that was popular at one time. Many European countries participated in it. But the British were the best. They were the best. It s not because they were bad. I think– I blame it on the weather. That s what I think happened. I think they have bad weather, and bad weather makes you a bad person. Yeah, because if you think about it, there was no one from a tropical climate who was trying to take over the world. You don t ever hear stories of Caribbean conquerors. Yeah, there s no stories of, like, Troy The Terrible from Trinidad. You don t hear these stories. There s no need for that. When the weather is horrible, you want to go somewhere else and take it from somebody. If you re living in a beautiful paradise, you have no need to leave. Could you imagine that scene? Just some random handsome guys hanging out on a beach in the Caribbean, one looking at the other out of nowhere. [Caribbean accent] Darius. Darius!  What, Troy?  I was thinking, bro. Stay with me here. I was thinking, right? We should build boats, sail around the world and force everyone to dance Calypso. It wouldn t happen. It just wouldn t happen. The British colonized with class. They went all over the globe. And colonization– we read it about it now, and it seems normal cause it s in the history book. They colonize. When you think about colonization, it s the strangest thing you can think about. ‘Cause conquering is one thing. You go to another country, you take what s theirs. You want more– you take the land. You take the resources. You kill the people. That I understand. But colonization– I don t condone. I understand. But colonization is strange, because you go there, and you don t just take over. You then force the people to become you. That is such a strange concept when you think about where the British did it. I mean, they did it in Africa. You know, they did it in Asia. And think about in India. Those cultures could not be more diametrically opposed. And out of nowhere, the British just decided to roll up. Imagine what the Indians must have felt like on that day. Minding your own business. Walking through a field. Next thing you know, the British showed up on horseback. [imitates clopping hooves] [imitates bugle call] Hear ye, hear ye! By order of Her Majesty the Queen, we have arrived! You over there! What is the name of this land? [Indian accent] This land over here? This is called India.  Well, my good man, I am here to tell you that India is now under the British Empire.  And I m glad that I can tell you that India is exactly where it was yesterday.  No, no. I feel you re not understanding what I m saying. I m letting you know that we are here to colonize you by order of the Queen.  Who is the Queen?  The Queen. The Queen of England, the Ruler of Great Britain. She who was ordained by God.  Which god?  God. The one true God.  There are many gods, my friend. What is the name of your god?  There is only one God. And his name is God, and you, too, shall worship him.  You want me to worship a god, but you don t want to tell me his name? What are you talking about? There are many gods. There is Shiva. There s Lakshmi. There s Hari Krishna. There are many gods! What is the name of your god?  His name is God!  You don t know the name of your god?  It s just God!  Is it like Mommy or Daddy? You want me to worship your god, but you don t want to tell me his name? How am I going to pray to him? What do I do? Every morning, I wake up and I pray: ‘Oh, dear God, I was hoping that maybe, God, you could help me– No. Sorry, not you. Other god. No, no, other god. No, no. Wrong god. No, God. I was trying to talk– No, no. You re right. I should have asked for your first name. No, God. No, other god, please. No, behind that god. No, not you today, God. Other god. Right. He told me you would know who I was talking to. No, other god, please. That god on the– No, no. That god, you–‘ Then I wonder why my prayers are not getting answered.  How dare you speak to me like that? Do you know who I am?  No, because you never introduced yourself.  I have come here representing Great Britain.  And I have never heard of Great Britain. Who gave you that name?  Well– well, we did.  You called yourselves ‘great ? Isn t that a little presumptuous? Shouldn t you wait for other people to tell you how great you are? Shouldn t you just go around the world and just do good things, good things? Then people go, ‘Oh, my God, Britain, look how great you are!  Well, I beg to differ. I believe we could do it because we knew instinctively, we are Great Britain!  Well, in that case, welcome to Great India.  No, it doesn t work like that! How dare you speak to me like this!  You re the one who dares to speak to me, okay? I was here, minding my own business in my land. You came over here, riding on your skinny cow, telling me that things are going to change. I don t know who you are. All I know is you are clearly crazy. You re not feeling too right. I didn t want to say anything, but you look like you re going to faint. In fact, it looks like you have died last week. Okay? Something is very wrong with your skin. You re not looking good. Maybe you should come down. We have a curry, talk about this.  What are you talking about? I look quite normal!  You do not look normal. I have never seen anybody with that complexion in my life, okay? You look like you re playing hide-and-seek with the sun your entire life. I don t know what is happening, but that is not how a person should look. I can see your veins pumping through your skin right now. You know how creepy that is? Pumping, pumping, pumping. If I was your doctor, I don t need X-ray machine. I go, ‘What is problem? It is your kidney. How do I know? Because you re translucent. That is how I know.  Damn you! We are going to run this country whether you like it or not!  We are not going to do anything you tell us. You re a madman.  We are going to take it!  You re not taking–  We re going– [imitates gunshot] She s all yours. Take, take. You don t play nice. Take. And that s how the British took over. [cheers and applause] That s how they took over India. And then, many, many years later, the British, after they were done pillaging, left and went back home. And so, it only stands to reason that those Indians, who they had now made British, would seek out… the land from whence they came. I don t understand why British people are complaining, going, Why are they coming here? Why the hell are you coming here?!  Because you told us how great it was, so we came to see for ourselves.  No. Go back to where you came from! Go back! You re not welcome here. This is not your home.  But you said we are all part of the British Empire.  When I said ‘part, I meant you are under us. We are the British. You are the empire.  What do you mean?  We are the British, and you are the empire.  Okay, well, in that case, the empire strikes back. Now make some curry and tell me where we re sitting. Let s go, let go, let s go. They can t complain. They cannot complain. If there s one nation in the world that can t complain– The truth is none of us should be complaining. When you think about it, what people term immigration just depends on your timeline. Right? You re an immigrant. When do you measure from? Everyone is an immigrant from somewhere. Whenever I see people have those conversations in America: These damn immigrants coming over here. These damn immigrants. Get out of here! I always wonder what Native Americans must be thinking when they are listening to the words that are being said. You know? People confidently saying, This is not where they came from! This is not their land! They re like, Oh, tell me more.  They need to go back cause this is not their home!  Oh, really? Everyone is an immigrant in some way, you know. When you travel, you see this. I say that to people. I ll go, Travel the world. If there s one thing you will never waste your money on, it s traveling. Travel the world. See another place. Discover a different point of view. Traveling is the antidote to ignorance, and that s so true. It changes your mind, your perspective, how you believe, what you believe. And one of the greatest things you can do when you travel is traveling to a country where they don t speak your language. That s my favorite thing, going to a place where they don t speak English, just to make you realize how insignificant you really are. You re not the center of the universe. There s another world that exists beyond you. I try and do that all the time. I try my utmost. I go to English-speaking countries, but I try every now and again to go to a country where they speak no English. Like, recently, I went to Scotland. Right? And– And again… I had an amazing time. The place was beautiful. It was a different culture. Rich in history. They have the rolling highlands of Scotland. They ve got these castles, beautiful, perfectly preserved, hundreds of years old. In the streets, there s the men playing the bagpipes, wearing the kilts. No black people. But not in a bad way. Not in a bad way. Just in a matter-of-fact way, you know? When I say there s no black people in Scotland, I just mean there s no black people. There s a good way and a bad– The good way is when you get there, you re like, There s no black people. But some places you go, like, There s no black people. And that s– You know what I mean? That means some shit went down. You can feel it when you get there. Like Australia, there s no aborigines. When you get there, you re like, Hey, Australia! Wait, where s all the black people? They re like, [Australian accent] Oh, I don t know. They left. You can feel something went wrong. Scotland doesn t have that, you know? Scotland doesn t have black people because they are further north. Further north, there were no black people. Not many black things further north. The further north you go, the whiter things become. There s the people, Christmas, the bears. Everything changes. If you went to a Scottish person and said, Excuse me, sir. Are you racist? He d be like, [Scottish accent] I don t know. I never tried. I had so much fun in Scotland. I was in Glasgow for a week. I was driving around in the back of a car. Every single day, I would try and spot black people. It was a little game I played by myself. Every day, I would just be there, like, Black person, black person… Ah! No. Statue. Black person, black person… Ah! No. Reflection. Black person, black person… No black people anywhere. None. That s why I say traveling is important. I d never been to a place where there were no black people before. It actually made me realize that there had been an issue that I d been grappling with for so long. And now, finally, I had another answer. And that issue… was that of James Bond. I m a big fan of 007. License to kill. I loved it my whole life. Started with Pierce Brosnan. Then went back and watch Connery s and Lazenby s and everyone, all the way to Daniel Craig. And I love James Bond. And when I found out that Daniel Craig no longer wanted to be James Bond, I was heartbroken. Until I heard… that, at the top of the list, the potential replacement was a man by the name Idris Elba. [cheers and applause] And I lost my mind. I lost my– You can hear the ladies. They re, like, Yeah, you know? And that s what James Bond needs: a lady s man and a man s man, and Idris has that. He s strong. He s charming. He s got that quiet thing. Yeah, you know, Idris Elba. Oh, yeah. Idris Elba, you know? You could just see him playing the dapper spy. And as soon as it was announced, everyone was excited, until the comments section of the Internet came in. Idris Elba, James Bond. And the comments section was like, Uh, actually… Idris Elba could not play James Bond. And we re like, Why? They re like, Because… Hmm?  ‘Cause of the shape of his head? What are you saying?  No, because… - Because what? - Because he s black! James Bond cannot be played by a black man! As soon as they said that, the Internet exploded. [imitates explosion] Racism! Immediately, that happened, I jumped in. I don t even know what it s about half of the time, I jump in. You say racism, and I wreck my site. I m just like, Racism! Aah! You guys will explain it later. Racism! I was in there, like, What the hell is going on? They re like, James Bond cannot be played by Idris Elba because Idris Elba is black, and James Bond is white! I was like, Well, actually, James Bond is a fictional character, so he can be played by anyone, because it is fiction! They were like, When you think about it, James Bond was based on a real man, who was white, and so, he should be played by a real white man. I said, That doesn t make sense. If you think about it, Jesus was technically a black man, but he gets played by a white man. So I don t know what your point is, cause that never stopped me from receiving my blessings. I don t know what you re going on about. They re like, You can t have it! I was like, Racism!  You can t have it!  Racism! And then I went to Scotland. I realized that maybe, just maybe… I hadn t given the argument enough thought. Because I love Idris Elba. I want him to play Bond. But if you think about it, James Bond often operates in places like Scotland and the UK and Europe. Because that s where most supervillains choose to reside. I m assuming it s for tax purposes. No matter how you feel about the issue, you have to admit… it would be particularly difficult… to be a spy… when you are the only… black person in town. Your very existence defies your purpose. I m not saying it s impossible, I m just saying that would be the toughest James Bond movie that was ever made. Can you imagine that scene? Idris Elba, James Bond, planting the C-4, blowing up the bad guy s lair, jumping on a bike, riding into the town square in Edinburgh. [imitates motorcycle engine] The bad guys right behind him. They pull out their guns, start shooting. [imitates machine gun fire] The chase is on. [humming James Bond theme music] Idris Elba, James Bond, jumps off the bike, runs into a crowded town square, the bad guys right behind him. He manages to shake them off, pops into a little alley, gets out on the other side, finds a crowded little marketplace, puts a scarf around his head, a fake beard, blends in with a group of monks walking by. The bad guys turn the corner. There he is! [humming James Bond theme music] James Bond manages to shake them off, gets into another group of areas, pops out on the other side, finds a transportation hub, gets into a bus, the bus goes one way, gets into a tram, the tram goes the other way. The bad guys turn the corner. There he is! [humming James Bond theme music] The movie would be ten minutes long. It would end with James Bond panting in an alley. [panting] How did you find me? We would lose so many epic scenes… like that moment where James reveals his name. Do you know that scene in the casino we always wait for? Him dressed in a tux, playing a high-stakes game of baccarat. You see Idris Elba walking over to the bartender now to place that iconic order. Bartender, I ll take my martini shaken, not stirred. The name s… [Scottish accent] James Bond. I know.  I m sorry, mate, have we met?  No. I just heard there was a spy in town. Figured it was you.  What gave me away? Is it the way I dress?  Oh, there s just something about you.  Something like what?  You know… Hmm. It ll be hard. Scotland was so much fun. Every day I was there, I felt like I was learning something new. I did learn something that I wish to share with you, and I hope you ll not suffer the same ills I did. If you do go to Scotland, and you are ever offered a drink… don t. Because, you see, the Scottish, unlike us– We drink to enjoy. The Scottish drink to die. I used to think the Scottish had an accent. I ve now learned that s just centuries of people trying not to throw up. That s all that is. [Scottish accent] All right. What you do… [groaning] You laddies never had that drink– [groaning] [speaking gibberish in Scottish accent] I made that mistake myself. I was doing shows in Edinburgh. And after one of the shows, I left the venue and my friend Mick was waiting for me backstage. He was like, How was your show?  It was good, Mick. How was yours? He s like, Not too bad. Me and the lads are going to the pub, grab a drink. You wanna join us? I said, No, I don t really drink, Mick. I m just gonna go home. He s like, It s not about drinking. We re just gonna hang out, right? Just grab a wee, little drink. And that s where he got me. Scottish people do that so well. Just like, A wee, little drink? Makes it sound harmless, doesn t it? Oh, just a wee, little drink? Sounds tiny. Wee, little, drink. Yeah, wee, little. Nothing sounds dangerous like that. Yeah, what happened in Nagasaki? Oh, they dropped a wee nuclear bomb. Doesn t sound that bad. He was like, A wee, little drink. I was like, Let s have a wee, little drink. So I joined him. We went drinking. I don t remember. I do remember waking up the next day in my bed, partially dressed, shirt on the floor. Pants still on. Left shoe on. Right shoe on the pillow beside me. And my head pounding, pounding. You know when you can hear you heart beating inside your head? I get up and I m like, Oh, I feel horrible. And as I stand up– As I stand up, I could feel– I could feel… the vomit coming. I could feel it. I could feel it, like… [whooshing sound] It did that thing. But I held it. I controlled that. If there s one thing you should know about me, it s I don t throw up. Let s just get that straight. I don t throw up. I control myself. When I see people throwing up, I m like, You re weak. Control yourself. You re weak. This is my body, my temple. I control it. The body tried. I was like, No! No! My body was like, Come on, man. I gotta– I was like, No! No! Breathe! [breathing deeply] Had it in check. Went to the kitchen, started to make some breakfast. And as I poured the milk into the cereal bowl, my body was like, Hey, Trevor? I was like, What s going on, buddy?  Hey, do you mind if I burp?  Of course I don t mind if you burp. You burp all the time.  Yeah, cause I m gonna burp right now. Just a standard, everyday burp.  I don t know why you re warning me. You never warn me usually when you burp. You just burp.  I wanted to let you know it s just a burp. Don t worry. I was like, Okay, go ahead and burp.  Okay, here it comes. And my body was like… [imitates vomiting] But then, I caught it in my mouth. I caught it all in my mouth, though. Oh, yeah. Judge me! Judge me. The only reason you know the taste is because you re alcoholics. You re gonna judge me. We ve all done that before. That s the classy thing to do. Catch it in your mouth, so you can handle your business in the toilet. Caught it all in my mouth. I ran to the toilet. I threw up, and it was the worst feeling in the world. I don t even drink. Throwing up is now an added reason to not– And, you know, when you re throwing up… the worst part for me is the dry heaving. You know, when you re done, everything is finished, but still– That s when I know that humans aren t as evolved as we think we are. Because your body and your brain, at that point, there s nothing left. There s nothing there, and still you– There s nothing there. [imitates heaving] There s nothing. And we re all in that position– It s not gracious. No one s looking cool. Everyone is there. You re just like… Everyone is in that same position. No one throws up in a cool fashion. No one s there, like… [imitates heaving] No one. Every single one of us, we re reduced… to a pile of pain. [groaning and coughing] It s finished. It s finished. It s fini– [heaving and sobbing] Oh, it s so sore. It s so sore. There s nothing there. Why don t you realize that– [groaning] Oh, please. Oh, please. I m dying. I m dying. I m dying. I don t even know what– [groaning] And then blood came out. Yeah, not good. So, I panicked. I was like, I m bleeding internally. I need to get to the hospital. Called my friend Mick. I was like, Mick, where are you? He s like, I m home. What s going on? I said, I need your help. I drank too much last night. He s like, Yeah. And? I said, This morning, I threw up a lot. He s like, Yeah, right. And? I said, And then, while I was throwing up, blood came out. He s like, Yeah, right. And? I said, And that s it, Mick. Blood came out of my mouth. He said, Oh, that s too bad, Trevor. So, what are you gonna do now? I said, I m gonna go to the hospital, Mick. He s like, I don t know if that s necessary. Like, was it a lot of blood?  Any blood is a lot of blood. What do you mean? He s like, I know what you re saying, but was it a lot, or was it a wee bit of blood? Mick didn t take me to the hospital. Instead, he decided to come over with some bananas and white bread. He forced me to eat that. And that night, I had another show. I was horrible. It was a bad show. And afterwards, I leave the venue. And who s standing outside waiting for me? My good friend Mick. And he s like, Trevor, how was your show? I said, It was horrible, Mick, horrible. I thought I was gonna die. He s like, Oh, that s too bad. You wanna go talk about it over a pint? I said, What? He s like, Let s go grab a wee drink. I said, There s no wee nothing here. There is no wee ever again. He s like, What are you talking about? I said, Mick, I thought I was gonna die. I m not gonna drink. He s like, Don t be like that. It s just one bad day. I was like, Yeah, and I d like to live to see another, Mick. I m not going with you. He s, like, Trevor, don t be– I m like, Don t be like what? He s like, Don t be a pussy. And that s where he lost me. That is where he lost me. I understand what he was trying to do. Guys do it all the time. Hit you with the phrase, Don t be a pussy. Yes. Because it implies weakness. Yeah. Do not be like the vagina. The vagina that is weak. Yes. Yes. Don t be a pussy. Guys say that, and then you do what they want. Don t be a pussy. Yeah, don t be a pussy, cause the pussy is weak. And yet, in my personal experience… I have found the pussy to be one of the strongest things I have ever come across in my life. Don t be a pussy? Have you ever come across a pussy? The vagina is one of the most powerful– You realize vaginas can start revolutions and end wars. You realize, even on a physical level, the vagina is one of the strongest things that have ever existed. Virtually indestructible. Many men in this room– Many, many men in this room have tales of how they once defeated the pussy. Let me tell you now, they have not. The owner of the pussy may have given you the impression that you defeated the pussy, but it is alive and well, my friends. Whenever people say that, I go, Do you understand how impressive the vagina is? Do you understand how strong it is? There s a reason men have sought to oppress it for so long. The vagina is frighteningly powerful. You realize human beings come out of a vagina. Human beings come out, and still it continues to work as intended. Do you understand how impressive that is? I don t know if I m the only one. New York, do you understand? A human being comes out… of the vagina. And still, it continues to operate, and it continues to work after a human has just come out. You re saying it s weak? A human came out of the vagina. You just sit on a penis wrong, and it breaks. You just– Don t be a penis, that should be the phrase. Don t be a pussy. I wish I was a pussy. Are you serious right now? Don t be a penis, that should be the saying. Scotland taught me so many things. Beautiful place, beautiful people, rich in culture. My favorite thing to do while I was there was trying to learn the Scottish accents. I butcher it, but I don t care. I have fun. What I do when I travel is try to speak to people in their accents and see if they can catch me out. That s one of my favorite games. I d walk into a store in Edinburgh, and I d just be like… [Scottish accent] Good afternoon. I would like to buy a pair of shoes. He d be like, Where are you from?  I m from Scotland.  Aye, what part?  Johannesburg. I love it, though. I love the accents not just because they sound fun and it s an interesting thing to do. I love accents because I m always impressed by how much power they have over us, over our minds. When someone speaks a certain way, it changes how we feel about that person, for good and for bad. We do it all the time. You see people on the streets, they speak to you, you think of them a different way. You see world leaders. They speak a certain way, you think of them a different way. You know? Barack Obama, one of the greatest examples of that. Everything about Barack. Barack Obama was, by far, the coolest president that has ever existed. Just everything about the man, you know? That confidence, the smile, the swag. When you notice Barack– I would notice it in the small things, like when he d step out of Air Force One. He did it like no other president in the world. Normally, presidents step out of their airplane in a frumpy manner. There s no class or skill. They just, like, come out. But Barack… he wouldn t step out. He d emerge. He d emerge like he was stepping out of the plane and into a music video. He d do that thing where he d come out… [cheers and applause] And then he d go down the stairs, doing it the only way he could, you know? The way he descended, it looked like every time he hit the ground, he was just gonna go into verse one. Just straight into it, like… ? Girl ? ? I wanna take you there ? ? Give you my Obamacare ? Oh, man. Barack Obama s just too cool. He had the walk. He had the talk. That was the big thing people never realized about Barack Obama, was the talk. That s what really gave him the edge. He has a certain way of speaking, a certain voice that commands your attention, makes you feel about him a certain way. It s the accent, the way he speaks. And I don t know how many people realized this, but Nelson Mandela had the same thing. Yeah. See, the thing Barack Obama has in his voice, that is the voice of a first black president. A lot of people didn t notice that because he was the first and last first black president of the United States. You wouldn t know to compare. I m lucky in that I ve gotten to be– I ve gotten to live in the country of two first black presidents, namely, Nelson Mandela and Barack Obama. So, I know what I m talking about. They both have that thing. It s just difficult to hear because Mandela s obviously South African, and he was older. They both had that thing in the voice. When Nelson Mandela would speak, a room would silence. You could feel the energy. [imitating Nelson Mandela] I believe… that every person, regardless of the color of their skin, should have equal rights, and they may never be taken again. To those who would seek to oppress, I say to you, never, and never again. And the people would lose their minds. People would feel the chills, because he had that thing. Nelson Mandela was destined for greatness because of that voice. He could not be a normal man with a voice like that. You can t do normal things with that voice. You are destined for greatness. You can t be running in the streets: And a Kit Kat, please. No. No. It s so unique. You can t be silly. What are you making, prank phone calls? Who the hell is this?!  I m not telling you. [laughs] It just doesn t work. I remember when Nelson Mandela was still alive, and he would tell jokes at press conferences and events, and no one would laugh. Because everyone thought a man who had been in jail for 27 years couldn t make a joke. And yet, he still did. He still kept what was him. It was partly because of that voice. He would tell the joke, and it would just sound too epic for people to laugh. Everything he did, he d just be like, Ah, knock, knock. People would be like, Let him in. Let him in!  No. No, no. You must say, ‘Who s there?  He is so right. We ve always got to ask, ‘Who s there? Who s here? Who are we? Oh, my God! It was because of that voice, the first black president voice. And I ll never forget the day I saw a picture… of Barack Obama meeting Nelson Mandela for the very first time. It s a beautiful image, and it s of the two men in silhouette. In Chicago, Nelson Mandela sitting in a chair. Barack Obama leaning over him. And this was way back in the day. This was before Barack Obama was a blip on the presidential radar. He was a junior senator. Not many people knew his name. Back then, he was driving around in his own car. No motorcade. Had his aide with him. And that day, they heard Nelson Mandela was going to be in Chicago meeting people. Barack Obama wanted to meet him his whole life. He rushed over there. He was the last person Nelson Mandela saw. The last person he saw that day. And I always imagine Nelson Mandela was sitting in the room, and his assistant came over. She was like, Mr. Mandela, I know we said we re done. But unfortunately, there s this one person who would like to meet you, sir. He s like, Oh, Zelda. I m so tired. Can we leave?  No, I know you want to leave, Mr. Mandela. But there s a young man there you really need to meet. His name is Barack Hussein Obama.  Barack Hussein Obama? He s American?  Yes, that s correct.  He s going to have a tough time. Where is he?  He s right outside the door.  Okay. Show him in. Show Barack in.  Okay, I ll be right back. And she went over to the door. She s like, Mr. Obama, Mr. Mandela will see you now. And Barack walked in. He was super excited to meet his idol. Nelson Mandela was sitting on the chair. He looked over. Ah. Young Barack. How are you? And Barack was like, Oh, man, Nelson Mandela, this is the craziest day of my life! I can t believe this shit! I can t believe I m meeting Nelson Mandela for the first time. I waited my whole life for this moment. I want to be just like you. I read your books. I saw what you were doing in prison. I was like, ‘I ll be the first black president of America. I m gonna do the same things you did. I m gonna win those votes. I m gonna be the first black President of America! And Nelson Mandela was like, Not with that voice. You will scare the white people.  Oh, man, Nelson Mandela, this is the greatest day of my life. I don t even understand how– I want to know from you, how do I do it? How do I do what you did? How do I become the first black president?  Well, first things first. We need to change that voice. You don t sound like you are going to lead anything.  I don t know what you mean.  You are speaking so fast. Slow it down. You re not being chased anymore.  Wow, I never thought of it like that.  Slow down. Slow down.  Okay. I guess I do speak fast sometimes. -Like, I could– - Slower than that.  I could slow it down. I could slow it way down. Is this good?  That s better. Now, you need to make sure… you add some bass to your voice.  I don t know why that s an issue. [high-pitched voice] Imagine if I spoke like this. Do you think people would have voted for me? [normal voice] No. I would still be in jail. Bring some bass.  Okay, I could try to– [clears throat] I could try to bring some bass. Is that–  Lower than that. [deeper voice] I can go lower than that. Is that good?  Lower than that. [deeper voice] Lower, lower. Way down. I could keep it here. I could keep it here.  That s better. Now, very important: to be a first black president, your pacing must… be… powerful. Every word… must seem… like the last… you will ever speak.  Wow, that s powerful, Mr. Mandela. Let me try… to speak like that. Does that work?  That s good. Very good. I can feel it. Yes. Now, for the magic touch. To be first black president, you need to have the husk. [raspy vocalizing] [deep, raspy vocalizing] No. More husky. [raspy vocalizing] That s it. You are getting it now. [raspy vocalizing continues] That s it. I think you ve got it. Now, repeat after me. America.  America.  No. The husk. Bring the husk back. America. - America. - America. [imitating Barack Obama] America.  America. - America. - Yes! I can feel it. Say, ‘This is my country.  - This is my country. - Yes! -This is my dream! - This is my dream.  Yes, I can feel it. You are going to be the first black president.  I don t know. Do you think we can do it? - Yes, we can. - Yes, we can. - Yes, we can. - Yes, we can. - Yes, we can. - Yes, we can.  Ha ha! You ve got it right. Now, go get them, my nigga. [cheers and applause] I d like to think that s how it went down. It s crazy and frightening when you think about how just the way you speak can determine and change your path in life. We still do it today. It s the reason half of the world has immigrant problems. It s not really immigrant problems. It s the fear of something different. When people say they don t like immigrants, most of the time, they re not referring to immigrants who look and sound like them. They re talking about immigrants who speak differently, who look different. You know, cause an accent comes with a connotation. You think you know if someone is smart or stupid because of their accent. And yet, an accent is not a measure of intelligence. It s just someone speaking your language with the rules of theirs. Accents have connotations. We cannot deny it. Look at the French. We all believe that the French are romantic. Why? Because of their accent. They ve got that thing. [vocalizing with French inflection] [French accent] I was thinking that maybe we could– how you say– afterwards, maybe we could try to… [female voice] Oh, my God, he s so sexy. Oh, my God. Accents determine how we see people. Same thing happens with the Russians. The Russians, the most feared people on the planet. Why? Because of how they speak. I don t care who you are, you cannot deny that when a Russian speaks, you are not comfortable. As soon as they open their mouths: [Russian accent] Yeah. Going to kill you, break you. I ll destroy your family. Even if they say nice things, it still sounds menacing and dangerous. Yeah, fluffy rabbits and teddy bears. Happy Valentine s Day. Sounds like a threat. You don t mess with Russians. I don t care who you are, where you are, you do not mess with the Russians because of that accent. All of us in the world are afraid of the Russians. They do that thing when they speak. Strikes fear into the hearts of men. And you see it every single day. Look what happened at the Olympics. We found out the Russians have been doping for the last four or five Olympics. Olympic Committee banned them, confidently as well. While they were in Zurich. [German accent] We here at the Olympic Committee feel that the Russians may no longer participate in the Olympic Games to their doping practices. And they are now hereby uninvited from the Games in Rio and banned hitherto into the future. Thank you very much. And the Russians were like, What did you say?  The truth is, you know, the Olympics is for everybody. You can come when you want to. I mean, who am I to ban you, ja? This is for all of us. Okay. I see you in Rio. Okay. Auf wiedersehen. Bye-bye. Everyone s afraid of the Russians. You see it when it comes to geopolitics. Look at what happened in the Ukraine. Russia took a piece of another country. Annexed Crimea. No provocation, no reason. Out of nowhere, the Russians were just like, Yeah. I like. And the whole world, what did we do? [whistling] You don t mess with the Russians. Most frightening people in the world. You know how I know this? You know how I ve learned? Because I ve learned how to use the Russian accent for myself. I ve learned how to harness that energy and use it for good. I ll share this with you, I don t mind. I, uh– I m not particularly comfortable in the house at night by myself. What I m trying to say is I m afraid of the dark. And I know it s stupid to be afraid of the dark, right? Because there s nothing there, nine times out of ten. But what happens is, I ll be sleeping. And in the middle of the night, I ll be woken up by the need to pee. And whenever that happens, I m always faced with the eternal dilemma. When I go to the bathroom, do I turn the lights on and lose my sleep? Or do I leave the lights off and shit myself? I never know which one to go with. But what I started doing now is I leave the lights off. And when I go the bathroom, I just speak to myself in a Russian accent. It sounds crazy, but I feel safe. I feel like I m the most dangerous thing in the night. You ll find me at three a.m., barefoot, walking to the toilet, like, Yes. Big boy got to make a pee-pee. No trouble over here. It s potty time. I feel safe, like even if there s a monster under the bed, he d be like, Is that a Russian? There s just something about that Russian accent. Ladies, every single one of you needs to learn the Russian accent. You read stories all the time. I talk to my female friends all the time, my family members, and women are constantly under assault. Women are living a life of being vulnerable. Walking through the streets, men catcalling. In the office place, people groping. Feeling like they have ownership of the female form. I know we can t solve this tomorrow, but if you learn the Russian accent, half of those problems would disappear. The next time you re in a compromising position, you re at a bar, waiting for your drink. That creepy guy comes up and starts grinding on you from behind. Hey, how are you? Hey, you want to dance?  No, I m fine, thank you. I m just getting a drink. I don t–  Come on, dance with me, girl.  I m fine. I don t wanna dance. Thank you. I m waiting for my friends. I m good.  Come on. ? I know you want me ? ? You know I want you ? Come on! ? I know you want me ?  I don t want dance with you. Please!  Hey, you don t gotta be such a bitch! Whenever that happens, ladies, don t be afraid, don t stress. Just whip out your Russian and kill it dead. As soon as he says, Don t be such a bitch! Just be like… [Russian accent] You want to see bitch? Done. Sober up and walk away. Use it for anything, ladies. Anything. At work, in the streets. Use it at home. Doesn t have to be life-or-death, could be a mild annoyance. Yeah. Next time you re in bed. You re trying to sleep, but you can t because there s this horny little rabbit behind you… dry-humping your back. You know the nights I m talking about. Everyone in this room knows the nights I m talking about. Ladies, you re dog-tired, you just want to fall asleep. And he s there behind you. Baby. Baby. Baby. Baby. [tiredly] What?  Are you sleeping?  Yeah, I m trying. What do you want?  I want you, baby. I ve wanted you all night. Oh, I want you so bad. You look so good right now. In that nightgown and your curlers, girl. I just want you so bad right now.  Oh, baby. Thank you for thinking I m beautiful even though I m in my curlers, but, please, can we talk about this tomorrow? I m so tired. Baby, aren t you tired?  I m never tired for you, girl. I want you right now.  Oh, baby, please. Let s do this tomorrow. Please, I m so tired. I just want to sleep.  It s fine. You can sleep. I don t mind.  No, I m not gonna– Yo, for real, ladies, can I just say, men are creeps. On behalf of all men, I apologize, because we are disgusting creeps. Every single one of us. No, I m not gonna sleep. What s wrong with you? What are you talking about?  What do you mean? I want you, is that so bad?  I m just tired.  You said when we left the show, ‘That was fun, we had a good time. Then we re driving home. You were like, ‘I can t wait to get you back.  I know I said that, and I did, I wanted to. But then I got into bed. I didn t even realize how tired I was. Baby, please. I promise you I m not–  You do this to me all the time. What am I supposed to do now? Look at me. Do you know how hard it is to have blue balls, how painful this is? What am I supposed to do now with this? I love how guys talk about an erection like it s something bought at the store and we can t return. Then he says, What am I supposed to do with this? I ve opened it. I can t take it back. Huh? What am I supposed to do with this? Whenever that happens, you aren t fighting the man, you re fighting his horniness. It s gonna turn into a fight that s gonna spoil your week, maybe your month. Don t let it happen. Just get your Russian out and kill it dead. As soon as he starts losing it– You re doing this all the time. You reject me. I just want you. And just be like, Okay, okay. Show me what penis can do. Let s go. Make action, lover boy. Done. Problem solved. Even the penis will be like, You know what, you re right. I told him, but he wouldn t listen to me. I don t know how we got to this point. Because what happened was he called me. ‘Come out, there s a party. I came out. I was like, ‘You re sleeping? He s like, ‘I ll wake her up. I was like, ‘Don t wake her up. You know me. I don t wake you. I m here five times a night. I ve never woken you. I don t know why he woke you up. I m gonna be chilling. I had some stuff to do. Go back to bed. Because I respect you. I have paperwork that I m handling in my office. If you need me, you know where to find me. He shouldn t have done that. I want to apologize, cause I don t think you should be in a situation where a man is pressuring you. [mumbling] Done. Kill it dead, ladies. All you need is that Russian accent. The most dangerous accent in the world. And yet… yet… strangely enough… I found the Russian language does not make me fear at all. Strangest discovery I made. The Russian accent… makes me fear. The Russian language does not. Because a language is something someone else speaks. An accent is me interpreting how they re using mine. It s a completely different thing. I was walking through the streets. There was a man on the phone, Russian guy, speaking to someone in English. Sounded like he was setting up a drug deal. Then he switched into Russian. The strangest thing happened in my brain. And he was like, Vlad. The guys got to be there at three o clock. Tell me when you get the package. Afterwards, I got to let you know– No, Vlad. No, listen. Vlad, Vlad. Vlad, nyet, nyet, Vlad. [speaking mock Russian] That was the weirdest thing in my head. In my head, he instantly went from international criminal to immigrant instantly. I wasn t afraid anymore. It was the strangest thing. He was just a normal person in my mind, because Russian doesn t frighten me. If anything, Russian just sounds like a DJ is scratching on a turntable. That s all I hear when I hear Russian, like a DJ took a turntable. They re scratching English like, Vlad, the guys got to be there at three o clock. You got to let me know when you get the package. Afterwards, the guy s got to call me. Don t worry about that. I ll let you know. No, Vlad. Listen, Vlad. [imitating record playing backwards as mock Russian] [imitates record scratching] Russian. That s all I m hearing. New York, you guys have been amazing. Thank you so much for coming out. I had a great time with all of you. You just made one of my dreams come true. Thank you to every single one of you that came tonight. Thank you. Good night. [music playing]

DAVE CHAPPELLE@DEEP IN THE HEART OF TEXAS@2017@[Morgan Freeman] He s in the trance. He isn t thinking of jokes, though. He s composing the voiceover I m saying to you right now. Getting me to agree to this was beyond his wildest dreams. And he doesn t want to waste the opportunity on the frivolous. You have reached the voicemail of comedic genius Dave Chappelle. Unfortunately, he can t or won t speak right now, so please leave a detailed message. [music playing] ? Play me ? ? Buy me ? ? Workinonit ? ? Tune up ? ? Tune ? ? Oh ? ? Fade me ? ? Whoo! ? [music playing] ? Now, when I was a young boy ? ? At the age of five ? ? My mother said I was gonna be ? ? The greatest man alive… ? [cheers and applause] ? But now I m a man ? ? Way past 21 ? ? I m a man ? ? I spell M ? ? A, child ? ? N ? Yeah. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. What s going on? Good to see everybody out here tonight. Thank you. Hey, have a seat. Everybody be comfortable and relax. Oh, my gosh. Good to be back in Austin, Texas. It s good to know that plaid is back in. [audience laughing] Most of the dudes I meet around these parts are dressed like a dike in New York, so I m glad to see that. Man! fucking Texas. This place is— It s pretty good. [cheers and applause] Pretty damn good. I was in Santa Fe the other night, and a motherfucker threw a banana peel at me. Yeah, that didn t feel so good. Of course, it was a white person. Not to indict the whites. I m just saying. Not to profile. And then, not only did he throw a banana peel at me, but… it was premeditated. You could tell. You could tell. The peel was too brown. You know what I mean? You didn t eat that banana recently, motherfucker. You had that shit waiting on me. And the whole crowd was white, so it just got instantly creepy, and everyone looked like they were looking at 12 Years a Slave. They were all just like… Who the fuck does that? And then they arrested the guy, which was… [laughs] I said, Someone s gonna fuck you in the butt in the holding cell. You know that, right? You can t just be throwing banana peels at Dave Chappelle. They re not gonna let you get away with this. And the press called me up like, Do you have a statement?  A statement?! For a fucking banana peel? No! I don t have anything to say. This guy was fucking famous for throwing a banana peel at me. Twenty years from now, he ll be tucking his kids into bed, and the kids will be like, Daddy, tell me about the day you threw that banana peel at that nigger in Santa Fe.  Boy, I tell you what. That black motherfucker had it coming. I saw his name up on the marquee about a week before. I said, ‘Man, if I could just get close enough to meet him… I d throw a banana on that nigger and show him how—  fucking Bananagate. I didn t even like— I didn t even want to press charges. This has happened to me before. No, seriously. Not a banana. I live in Ohio, right? So, this was a few winters ago. [cheers] Oh, I didn t know you would ever clap for that. Well, all right. That s the first time that shit s ever happened. Ohio?! Anyway… I live amongst the whites. Small town in Ohio. And it was wintertime, and it had snowed recently, so there s huge snowdrifts on the street. I was walking with my sister. Now, my sister was dressed in all Muslim garb, as were her children, and I was dressed as Dave Chappelle. And we were walking and just talking about something, and a car sped around the corner, and the window came down, and somebody threw a snowball and hit me right in my shoulder. [thud] I didn t know what was going on. Why was this happening? Because I m black? Because she s Muslim? Because I m Dave Chappelle? I couldn t tell. But, again, I knew it was premeditated. Because who the fuck has a snowball in a warm car? But he didn t think it all the way through, lady. Because he went around the corner and got stopped at a red light. He was caught in the traffic. So, I ran out into the street, and I just tapped on his window. [thumping] My man, could I just talk to you guys for a second? Come on out for one second. I just want to talk to you. There s four young white dudes in the car. They re like, Just chill, bro. I said, Relax. I just want to talk. Now, this is an old black trick. Really, I didn t want to talk. I was gonna fuck em up. So, if you re ever caught in traffic, and a black guy starts saying he just wants to talk to you, don t open the door. Even if he s me, smiling at you. And they were like, Chill, bro. Just chill. And the one guy in the back seat— I don t know what, he was just cockier than his friends. He was like, fuck it, man! I ll get out the car! And I started yanking on his door. Let me help you, motherfucker. Let me just help you out. And I didn t notice his window was down. And he threw a snowball, that shit hit me right in my chest. Pow! He said, fuck you, you fucking nigger! And then the light turned green and they sped off. And I smiled from ear to ear. I looked at my sister, and she said, I got the plates. And I was happy as shit because throwing a snowball at a motherfucker is a misdemeanor assault. But if you call him a nigger when you do it, that s a felony hate crime. And me and my sister start dancing. We re gonna send this motherfucker to jail! I didn t notice it, but while I was yelling at him, a crowd of all-white people had formed, cause it was an all-white town. And I was like, Uh-oh. I thought I was gonna get jumped. Then one of them white guys stepped up and was like, I didn t like that at all. This is not what this town represents. I don t want this goddamn stuff in my vicinity. And another white guy was like, Yeah! I didn t like it, either! And then an old white guy stepped out of the crowd and said, Young man, if you re going to fill out a police report, I would like to come with you and do the same. I said, You guys would do that for me? And the whole crowd said, Hooray! I said, Come on, y all! I looked like Malcolm X going to see Brother Johnson with a trail of white people. Unreal. An hour later, we were all sitting in the police station, and the police came in. They were like, Well, Mr. Chappelle… sixteen identical police reports. We ran the tags. Two young men that had their mother s car. We have all four suspects in holding, and the mother is here. It s up to you. Whatever you want to do. If you want to press charges, we ll move forward. Mr. Chappelle, are you okay?  Huh? Sorry about that, Officer. I m a little flustered. I ve never been in a position where I could decide the fate of white children before. But… it s weighing heavy on me, sir. And I really can t decide. And I saw a lady pacing back and forth in the hallway, and I said, Is that— He goes, Yes, that s their mother.  Can I speak to her before I make a decision?  And when the mom came in and she saw it was me, she busted out crying. Oh, God. Oh, no. I don t want him to go to jail. I am so sorry. I didn t raise him to do this. We love your comedy. We love you at the house. I said, Miss, please, just— All right, look. I don t necessarily want your son to go to jail, either. But what he did was pretty fucked up. So, is there something we can do, short of jail, just to let him know that he s wrong? She said, I don t know. What did you have in mind?  Miss, I ve never been in this position before. Oh, you know what we could do? I don t know if I m asking too much. But maybe if you— if you could just… suck my dick a little bit. Just a little bit. I m not gonna finish. I just want you to do it enough so that I can tell him you did it. I m kidding. I m kidding. I wouldn t do that to anybody s mother. Maybe my kid s mom, but that s it. Ebola was in Texas. Ebola made a visit. Killed that man in Dallas. Five days, that man melted to death. What happened to the brother in Dallas? Where was the secret serum? is what we all said. I remember in the beginning of Ebola, there were two American doctors that got sick in Africa. They flew them in a private jet straight to Atlanta, to the CDC. I didn t even know CDC saw patients. There it was said they administered what The New York Times called a secret serum. I don t know what s in it. It s just like Colonel Sanders recipe. But both of these motherfuckers survived. These doctors, thank God, are healthy. They are out there somewhere tonight at Whole Foods, touching vegetables, walking around. Everything s okay. Hey, Frank. How are you?  You didn t hear? I had Ebola last week. But I m doing all right now. I was bleeding out of my eyes and anus, so I got concerned, but I m okay. What happened to the brother in Dallas? They just rubbed some Vicks on that nigga s chest. Good luck, little buddy. I knew he wasn t gonna make it. I remember. Sad. I saw in The New York Times— they said Ebola is the new AIDS. Whew! Isn t that something? Here I am, thinking that old AIDS was working just fine, and they already have a new AIDS out. Isn t that amazing how they do that? Isn t it weird how there s a disease that just starts in 1980, and it doesn t kill anybody but nigga s, fags and junkies? Isn t that a fucking amazing coincidence that this disease hates everybody that old, white people hate? I think either God is white, or the government hid that shit in disco balls. Only fun people get AIDS. Last month, on the front of The New York Times, the measles was the headline. I had to check the date of the paper. I was like, Measles? Is this 1850? What the fuck is this? Why is measles in the news? It turns out they were trying to decide if mandatory vaccinations for children is the way we all want to go. Any thoughts? [cheers and applause] You say yes? I m sorry, ladies and gentlemen. I just— I don t know. I don t know about this one. First of all, black people generally don t trust doctors. After the Tuskegee experiments and all that shit. More importantly, don t forget Michael Jackson was killed by a doctor. Granted, he was doing drugs. But if I was a heroin addict and I had a licensed physician injecting heroin in me, I should survive that. I d just be like, I m good, right? I m good? It s not too much, is it? Dr. Butterfingers killed Michael Jackson. After that, I was like, fuck going to the doctor. Why the fuck am I getting my kids vaccinated for an old-ass disease like measles? You might as well give them a diarrhea shot if you re so worried. Diarrhea has a bigger body count than the measles do. You know, diarrhea is funny today, but… a hundred years ago, if your ass had diarrhea, you were a goner. There was a zero chance of surviving. You get that first squirt. Pfft! Uh-oh. Better start getting my affairs in order. I don t have much time. It s diarrhea. It s very serious. You just watch your buddy slowly die in a pool of his own shit. Pfft! Oh. Oh. I give up, diarrhea. Pfffft! You re too strong. Pfft! Nowadays, your buddy would be like, You got diarrhea? Just eat a banana, nigga. Drink some water. Let s get to the club. We can still make last call. Tough time for the blacks. These are not good times for the blacks. You know what I m talking about, right? Police are killing us again. It s a very unfortunate set of circumstances, because we were doing very well. You know, America has a racial hot seat. I think we can all agree that s the truth. And we can also agree that that hot seat is traditionally occupied by African-Americans in general, African-American men in particular. Although, I can see that, in recent years, that seat has been occupied by Mexicans… and I daresay Arabs. And we, the black Americans, would like to thank you both for your sacrifice and your struggle. We needed a break. We needed a goddamn break. We all go through something, but at least I can leave my backpack someplace. If you re Arab and forget a backpack, you got about 20 minutes before they send that robot to blow your shit up. You can kiss all that Engineering homework good-bye, Fouhad. Now ISIS is number one on the terrorist charts. And ISIS is fucking scary. ‘Cause if ISIS catches you, they re going to cut your head off. That s what they do. I ve seen them do it on YouTube. It was fucking awful. He looked right into the camera and said, Obama, I am back. [swish] I saw that shit, I said, Oh, my God. Don t like. How is this guy cutting people s heads off on YouTube? I can t even post a dick pic, and this motherfucker is decapitating people. I m gonna have to change my settings. You know, everyone has it hard. But I think, harder than black people and harder than Arabs and Mexicans, you know who has it the worst? Fat black people. It s hard for white people to understand, but what I m saying is very true. Fat black people have a really rough road, because all manner of things kill white people. But you know what kills more black people than anything, more than police and terrorism? Salt, nigga. Regular-ass table salt. Here, white people are getting Ebola cures and shit, and meanwhile, I m dying from fucking flavoring. Look, honestly, I ll stop talking about it. Let me say this, though. Let me just say this. Can we all just say that we ve seen it coming? Were you surprised? It s like when that guy threw that banana at me. Do you think I was surprised? Hell no. I ve been in show business 30 years. I was expecting this banana. I knew one of these nights— I was like, Somebody s gonna throw a banana at me one of these nights. ‘Cause that s how it starts, with the name-calling. Like that Paula Deen. Remember Paula Deen got fired from the Food Network? If you know anything about show business, it is really hard to get fired from the fucking Food Network. And they dropped that bitch like a hot potato. All because she called somebody an N-word 30 years before she had a show. I don t know who she said it to, but whoever it was was just looking at her like, I m gonna get you for this, bitch. That shit came back 30 years later like a Bill Cosby rape and sunk her battleship. And every black person was mad, but we weren t that mad. It was more confusing than it was infuriating. I was just like, Well, how is this bitch gonna call me a nigger when she taught me how to fry chicken? That s not fair. I think Donald Sterling‘s shit was more serious. Remember Donald Sterling? He used to own the Clippers, and then he got caught on a secretly recorded tape saying some very unsavory things about African-Americans. And there s a lesson in that for all of us. The lesson is if you are old and white and racist in this great country, whatever you do… don t tell your black girlfriend about that shit. Because… that s who made the tape. She recorded all that shit. And the tape was terrible. He was like, Stop bringing black guys to my games. At first, we were all confused. How the fuck are you gonna have a game without us? But it turned out that the black guy he was speaking of was none other than Magic Johnson, the billionaire! Unbelievable. Never even mentioned the fact that he had AIDS, which is the first thing I would ve said to my girlfriend. This guy must be really racist if AIDS is the footnote. You gotta be careful, baby. He got the old Ebola. [chuckles] You can say what you want about that girl, but I m gonna tell you right now she is a goddamn hero. You might ve thought these things were happening before, but now you can see it all in front of you without a shadow of a doubt. That shit actually went down. She sucked that old guy s dick. She really took one for the team on that one. That s really gross. His dick is, like, 80 years old. It s like tasting history. Like, five wars on it, the Civil Rights Movement, the Great Depression. This guy s been fucking from 40 years before Bill Cosby‘s first rape. It s a very old man. A very old penis. But all that shit is still just name-calling. Like, name-calling does not break the modern black man. That s not gonna do the trick. I don t give a fuck about that. If I went to Kentucky Fried Chicken, and for some reason, everyone behind the counter had a Ku Klux Klan hood on top of their head, what do you think I m gonna do in this day and age? Run out of Kentucky Fried Chicken? Not if I m hungry. I ll go straight to the front. Hey, man. Let me get a two-piece. I don t give a fuck what he says. You want a biscuit with that, nigger?  I thought it came with a biscuit. What s all this attitude? I want a two-piece. Chop, chop. You know what it is. But I m not gonna be mad. Why would I be mad? He s the one that s gotta work at Kentucky Fried Chicken, not me. How about this? What if I lived in Austin and I had a white girlfriend? It s possible in Austin. As a matter of fact, some people say it s necessary. But that s not the point. And me and my white girlfriend are at home one night, and we re just doing what lovers do. Maybe she s butt-naked and she s down on one knee, giving me a hand-job. I love a good hand-job. And she s really jerking me off. You know, getting her obliques nice and tight. I got a huge dick, so she s like… [grunting] And I m like, Wow, this really feels wonderful. I think I m gonna come. And then she looks up at me and goes, Come in my face… nigger. I know, that s a tough one. Well, what do you think I m gonna do? Hey! That s no time for integrity, ladies and gentlemen. I m busting that nut in her face. I ll sort through the ethics later. But I m what they call a man of his word. If I say I m coming, I m coming. I don t give a fuck what happens. God forbid, somebody could shoot me. If I say I m coming, there s still that— [imitates gunshot] It doesn t mean I like getting shot. Oh, boy. Yeah, a tough time for the blacks. I m not gonna say nothing about the police. I ll leave that for Chris Rock. The other big sports story was, fucking, Ray Rice s tape. Anyone see that Ray Rice tape? I can t stop watching it. It s fucking awful. It s the most violent thing I ve seen happen to a woman that was shot in color. Really fucking bad. If I could ve froze time at that moment and gave Ray Rice some advice, I don t think there s any way possible I d be like… You should punch her in the face. That s a fucking terrible idea. At the same time, I also believe she shouldn t have rushed him. What the fuck? You can t beat him. Don t rush a motherfucker that s trained to stiff-arm people in the clutch. He s gonna get the upper hand. The only reason I bring him up is because he s about to play football again. You didn t know that? The NFL was told by a federal judge they had to reinstate Ray Rice because he was transparent with their investigation. He told them exactly what he did. And they can t just change their ruling just because the tape came out. I get it. That s like if I m hanging out with my buddies, and I m like, Hey, guys, guess what I did last night? I fucked this big, fat girl I met at the club. And they re all like, Oh, shit, Dave. That s crazy. And then they see a tape of me doing it, and they re like… We can t hang out with you anymore, Dave. That s not what this crew is all about. I d be like, What? I told y all what I did. What s really fucked up is the tape was made before they were married. Isn t that weird? I don t know why she d do that. I don t even know why he would do that. As a guy, would you want to live with a woman that you had once punched in the face with all your strength? That s some very bold Color Purple-type shit. Celie! Come out here and shave me! Are you out of your fucking mind? I had to ask an older friend of mine, just to get some perspective, this older black dude. Actually the fairest person I ve ever met. And I asked him. I just said, Hey, man, did you see that Ray Rice video? And instantly, he was like, David, that shit was disgusting. And then a moment later, he goes… I wonder what she said to him. I don t think that matters. I think the idea is you re not supposed to punch her in the face. Because my wife says terrible shit to me. My wife once called me a pussy… in front of dinner guests. I know. I started to get mad, but then I was like, fuck it. She s probably right. I am a pussy. I admit it. I m soft and warm and persuasive, like a real pussy. That s right. Then I told her, If you don t take care of me properly, I might stink, like your pussy. [crowd] Ohh! Oh, we fight dirty at the Chappelle household. It s not a big deal. No, no. If you want to get to the bottom of a matter of the heart, what you re supposed to do is ask a woman. Now, actually, there s two women that I know— they re both college professors in this little area I live in, and I meet them twice a week at Starbucks for coffee. We talk about important shit. And I asked the girls— we was in a coffee klatch. I said, Yo, why do y all think that this woman stayed with Ray Rice after he punched her in the face with all his strength? And one of my girlfriends said, David, you need to wake the fuck up. She s staying for the money. Now, wait a minute, cause my other girlfriend was like, I disagree. I think that she actually loves him. And I said, Wait a minute, ladies. You know what? I think that you re both right. And what I was doing when I said that was preserving the possibility of a threesome with these bitches. I d been chipping away at this pussy one cup of coffee at a time for, like, four years. I wasn t gonna throw that hard work away with some Ray Rice shit. I don t care that much. I m just being real. It s fucked up, man. It s a tough time for the blacks. [man] I love you, Dave! I love you, too. And then here comes the banana peel. I m waiting on it any second. You know that s how it starts. I saw in the paper today that the guy that threw the banana at me got arrested again cause he threw a banana at another motherfucker in a bar in Santa Fe. Look it up online after the show. He actually did that. And that guy was black, too. I m just saying. And you know why the guy said he did it that night? He said, I did it cause Dave Chappelle is racist. So, nigga? That s not the best way to handle that if I am racist. What if Martin Luther King just went around throwing tuna casserole on white people? Would that work? [woman shouting] Huh? Come on, Dave! Your girl s bubbling. She s drunk as hell, buddy. Listen, sir, I don t know what she s saying, but just take my advice. Get some water in her, or you re gonna have some dry pussy when you get home. His dick s gonna be chafed the fuck up tomorrow. Santa Maria. Who got a cigarette in here? Anyone got a cigarette I can borrow? Yeah. You, fella. Yeah, please. [crowd] Ohh! Let me see. This is a Marlboro menthol. This could ve been anybody. If it was a Newport, I d be like, A black dude threw that up. But a Marlboro menthol, that s one of them riddles. Oh. [crowd cheering] Is the word pussy offensive? [crowd] No! All right, just checking, just checking. I asked that crowd when we was in Denver, Is the word ‘pussy offensive? And the whole crowd said no, except for two people. One was a woman in the front, older than me, maybe around my age. Definitely a feminist. You know what I mean. Short haircut, plaid shirt. You know what I m saying. And she didn t say it offended her. What she said is, she said, I am uncomfortable with that word. And I was like, Really? You? And before I could ask her why, there was one guy in the balcony— I don t think he was saying this to me, but he said this. Everybody heard him say it. He goes, It s delicious. I was like, What? I don t think I ve ever heard pussy called delicious before in my life. Now, this is not to say that it s bad. But it s definitely an acquired taste. I don t think any of us tasted pussy our first time like… [smacking lips] Mmm! It s good! It needs something. You know, it s illegal for a gynecologist to say the word pussy. They can only say vagina, or they can name individual parts medically, but they can never say shorthand, even if the gynecologist is a woman. I feel like if it was a woman gynecologist, it s cool. Like, Am I all right? She s like, Girl, that pussy is… [clicks tongue] She d be like, Yeah. I don t think men should be allowed to be gynecologists. That shit is a conflict of interest. Even when my wife was pregnant, we used to go to a gynecologist… [chuckles] and he d put her legs up in that stirrup like this. He d be like, All right, Mrs. Chappelle, just try to relax. I d push him. Back up, motherfucker! I got this. Just tell me what to look for. One of those homestyle checkups. There s too many ethical questions when men do that. Like, can a gynecologist lose their license… for smelling their fingers during an exam? Is that illegal? How could they not? These are men. It s like if you have a good barbeque, you don t even think about it. You just… The word pussy is only offensive if you re older. People my age and younger, I don t think we even— We dance to that shit. That song comes on the radio— ? I beat the pussy up ? That s on the radio. ? I beat the pussy up ? That s a pretty harsh song. It s nothing like a love song. There s no tracks of his tears, no midnight trains to Georgia. This man simply beats the pussy up. Unbelievable. You don t even know if he s having sex with these women. They might just pull their pants down. He d be like, pow! G-Unit! You ll be watching HBO. Hi, I m Larry Merchant, standing here ringside with the pussy after a devastating bout with 50 Cent. Pussy, come over here and let me talk to you for a second. My God, you look terrible. Your lips seem to be swollen. You re bleeding a little bit. Tell me, pussy, what happened inside of that ring with 50? [panting] I don t know, Larry. I felt really good in the first round. I was ready to fight. I was warm and moist, and… I don t know. He just hit me from angles I wasn t expecting. Front, left. The backside surprised me the most.  Well, pussy, let s take a look at round four. This is where it all went wrong for you. Here you come out of your corner, pussy. You re fighting really good. It looks like you got 50 with a right and a left, but then 50 slips you a jab. And there. There. Right there. You see that? He punches you right on that— that little bean thing you have on the top of your head. I don t know what that is. There s 50 just pounding away at that bean, over and over. Now, pussy, tell me, what goes through a fighter s mind when their bean gets rattled around like that?  I don t think I was thinking anything, Larry. I m a real good defensive fighter. It s real hard to get to me. I ve never been punched directly on my bean before. As a matter of fact, most fighters don t even know that bean exists. I guess he just hit me, then I lost control of my legs. I don t know what else to tell you. I like when Lil Wayne talks about pussy, because he s— Remember Lil Wayne used to have that song? He say, ? I got a bitch that plays movies In my Jacuzzi ? Then he goes like this: ? Pussy juicy ? That shit— That shit always makes me laugh. No guy says that. Only Lil Wayne says some shit like that. If you was fucking a girl, and she s like, Is this pussy good? And you re like, Yeah, it s juicy. It s good. The pussy was juicy. That s why I m not Lil Wayne. ‘Cause if I was in a hot tub with a girl, and I could tell that the pussy was juicy while I was in the hot tub, I d probably get out of the tub. I m a germophobe. I just picture Lil Wayne like… What is this strange oil… floating in my hot tub water? It s pussy juice. That shit was so funny to me, I must ve wrote, like, no less than 40 jokes with the punch line pussy juice, and all of them worked to some degree 100% of the time. I ll do one more just so you believe me. Okay. All right. In this next piece, it s a special episode of CSI. For some reason, Lil Wayne s guest starring as the lead detective. Okay? That s the setup. Are you ready? Here it goes. Has anyone else been on this crime scene?  No.  It s very strange. This place is virtually undisturbed. No forced entry. No sign of a struggle. Shine your flashlight right here. I just slipped in something. What is this? What is this? It glistens in the light. Smooth to the touch. This is pussy juice. She must ve been sitting Indian style. Thirty-nine more where that came from. Everybody s mad about something. Recently, I got attacked online by some gay bloggers, and it hurt my feelings. I have no problem with gay people, but I fucking hate bloggers. I m not saying it cause this person was gay. They was just acting like a bitch online. They was mischaracterizing my jokes, trying to make a point off of me, when it was really like— Yo, I m your ally, motherfucker. I m not trying to stop gay people. I got better shit to do. This motherfucker was saying things, trying to get gay people to beat me up. Seriously, he was like… [effeminate voice] Dave Chappelle s jokes— I don t know how he actually talks. I m just making his voice up. Dave Chappelle s jokes were an affront to the manhood of all gay men. What the fuck does that mean? I didn t say anything that would allude to gay men not being men. I know you re men. In fact, what could be manlier than fucking another guy in the ass? It s the most gangster shit I ve ever heard of in my life. I told you, I m not cut out for that. I m a pussy. You know what I said? This is all I said. First of all, I ll tell you right now what I said, and I ll tell you this was not a joke. It s a true story, and I just happened to tell it. What happened was, I went to a gallery party, all right? I don t know who in here has ever been rich before, but these are very nice parties. You know, wine and cheese and baller conversation. And there was a few eccentric types, one of which was a very wealthy man that happened to be wearing a dress. I don t know what you call him. A tranny, or a drag queen, perhaps. Whatever he was, he was definitely a man. And this man was definitely on drugs. I don t know what kind of drugs he was on, but I knew he had too much. He didn t look good. He was like this. [moans] He looked sick, and all his friends were standing around him, concerned, trying to revive him. I don t know what, it looked like some kind of gay CPR. There was fanning and shit. They was like— I saw all this from a distance. Now, I should ve minded my own business, but I got curious. I was like… And I went over there. All I said, Excuse me, gentlemen. Is he okay? Then they looked at me like I was evil. She is fine. I said, Word? Oh. I m sorry. I didn t know this is what we were doing. Here s my thing. I support anybody s right to be whoever they feel like they are inside. I m your ally in that. However… my question is… to what degree do I have to participate in your self-image? Is it fair that I have to change my whole pronoun game up for this motherfucker? That doesn t make sense. Seriously. If I put on an argyle sweater, and I m like, Hey, everybody, I feel like a white guy in this sweater, and I want some goddamn respect and a bank loan, that s not gonna work. You don t give a fuck how I feel. Why should I give a fuck how you feel? nigger is a pronoun. But there was no time for philosophical debate. This was an emergency situation. I said, Fine. I m sorry, guys. I was just worried because— because she looks terrible. And she just fell off the bench. It appears that her dick is popping out of her dress. You mind if I call an ambulance, champ? I d rather not be at a party where a tranny OD s. There s too many questions to answer. Okay, I ve been through this before. I had a friend from high school. Now, in high school, this guy was a thug. He was a fucking dope boy. He did it all. He was a wild dude. People used to be very scared of him. And then after high school, word on the street was he had come out the closet. I personally didn t believe it. I bring him up because last year, he calls me out of the blue, like, Yo, what s up, man? I got your number from so-and-so. I heard you re gonna be in New York doing a show. Could I get some tickets? I was like, fuck yeah, you can get some tickets. How you been? He said, We ll catch up at the show, but I appreciate it. I ll see you soon. I said, All right, man. Take care. I was about to hang up, but I couldn t resist. I was just like, Hey, nigga, I heard you was gay. What s going on with that? And I wish I didn t ask. ‘Cause he sounded like he was dying to talk about that shit, and he had a long story about it. It s not that I didn t care, but I was— I don t like talking on the phone. I was watching TV at the same time. So, I just wasn t really paying attention like I should. I was trying to sound supportive, but I didn t really know what to say. So, I just mumbled and shit throughout this conversation. I was like, Well, you know, nigga, you re gay, man. You re just gay. Come on, man. This went on for a while. Then finally, I had to say something definitive to get him off the phone. And I was like, Hey, you know what? Don t let people get you down, all right? And the next time someone tries to make you feel bad about yourself, just remember: Everybody fucks funny to somebody. He didn t like that shit. He said, What the fuck does that mean? I said, Huh? He said, You saying I fuck funny, motherfucker? I said, No, that s not what I m saying. I m saying everybody s different. He said, You didn t say ‘different. You said ‘funny. What s so fucking funny about the way I fuck? And I said, Hey, man, I fuck feet. He said, What?! Oh, this is not a joke, ladies and gentlemen. I get women to squeeze their feet together like this, and I fuck them right in that little space in their feet. But you can t build a community behind that shit. There s no flag for us. That shit made him laugh. The next day, after the show, I saw him backstage. He was like, What s up, man? I m like, Oh, shit! What s going on? He had his buddy with him. He goes, Dave, I want you to meet Manuel. Manuel s my fiancé. We re in New York getting married cause it s legal here. I said, Oh. Well, congratulations, fellas. And Manuel was like, Gracias. And he went to go get some drinks, and then my buddy looked at me. He was like, So, Dave… what do you think? And I started mumbling again. Well, you re gay, nigga. You know, you re just gay. He said, I m a little nervous about getting married, man. It s a big step. I said, Yeah, it is. It s a big step. He said, You ve been married for a while. You got any advice for us?  No, I m married to a woman. Sorry about that. And he corrected me. He said, No. You married the person that you love, so it s essentially the same. I said, You know, man, the problem with that statement is that it makes the assumption that I love her. But— Will you guys lighten the fuck up? Of course I love my wife. She laughs at this shit. As a matter of fact, she eats and spends this shit. No, I told him, I said, You know what you should do, man? First of all, you shouldn t do it. I m talking about being legally married. It s not that you re gay as much as just legal marriage is a fucking diabolical leverage game in the United States. I m just being honest. Devoid of religious significance or the idea of love, marriage is nothing but an awful contract that you shouldn t sign. I m just being real. Because you start out loving each other. Then two years later, you re just building a case against one another… for a hypothetical court date that may or may not ever happen. You throw being gay on top of that, that shit is explosive. It s that Ray Rice shit. Right after Ray Rice went through all that shit, I was at a party and I met this kid Michael Sam. You know Michael Sam? Very nice guy. He s the first openly gay NFL player. And Michael s a very nice guy, a very brave guy, but when I met him, I couldn t help but think, What s gonna happen when Michael Sam beats his wife up in the elevator? Is that domestic violence, or is that just two nigga s working shit out in an elevator? You know what I mean? Anyway… I give all married men the same advice, gay or straight. Get a dog. Because a dog will love you all the time, but she s not going to. It was real talk. I didn t even know about dogs, and my kids got the dog. They brought him home from the shelter. I didn t even want him. They were like, Can we keep him? I said, Nope. I said, Where did you get this dog? They re like, From the shelter. I was like, Ugh. Probably something wrong with him. Can t keep him. And then my kids started crying and screaming like the dog had gambling debts. Please, Dad! If you don t let us keep him, they re gonna kill him! I was like, Oh— All right, you can keep him. And this dog was a menace. I hated his guts. One night, I d smoked a bunch of weed, and I was eating a sandwich, and Baba came over— Baba is the dog. He came over and was staring at me. This will make you very uncomfortable, if he s just looking at you eating. I had to give him a piece of my sandwich so he d go away, and that s how we became friends. Now, if you see me walking down the street with Baba, I ain t got no leash or nothing. He walks right next to me. If I stop, he ll stop. And if I go, he ll go. And all my friends are like, Yo, Dave, that shit is dope. How d you train Baba to do that shit?  I ve never trained Baba. I m just a messy eater. If I drop food and Baba s not around, all I gotta do is call him. Baba! He s a black dude s dog, so he doesn t come right away. He peeks first to see what s going on. I gotta tap my foot so he can see the food. Over here, little buddy. He s like, Thanks, Dave, and he ll come get it and run off. But he knows all my habits. If he smells weed in the house, he ll be like… [sniffing] Oh, this motherfucker s about to eat. And he ll just come running. Baba got me through a very difficult time in my marriage. We spend the most time together. It s not that me and my wife don t spend time together, but we ve been married so long, we don t talk like— I don t know if anyone s married here, but after ten years, all that chatty shit goes away. You ve said it all. You know what I mean. Yeah. We re just in the zone. She says the same shit to me every night before she goes to bed. I ll be the last one up. She s like, I m gonna get some sleep, Dave. Good night.  All right, babe. I m gonna stay up and watch television. Good night. Then she ll walk halfway up the steps. David?  Hmm?  Don t eat the kids lunch. And then she walks away. Well, the crazy shit is, I don t even eat their lunch anymore. Back in the day, I used to eat that shit. You know how that goes. Now I might smoke some weed in the middle of the night, and she ll leave neatly-wrapped sandwiches all over the kitchen. I m gonna eat it. What s the big deal? Why can t she just make another one in the morning? I mean, I got sons anyway. And sons love everything their dads do. My kids will be at school the next day like, Oh, Dad bit my sandwich. Oh, shit! Their dad is Dave Chappelle, man. You could trade that sandwich for something better. What I m doing is adding value to their lunch. But she doesn t understand these types of things. Anyway, she gets mad at me. She s mad at me now cause I got myself in trouble. I got myself extorted, which happens in this business. I come home from the road. There was a FedEx sitting on the kitchen table, and it was addressed to me, so I opened it. I don t know who delivered it. And there was a videocassette inside with a note written on it that said, Gotcha. Oh, my God. Can you imagine? I freaked out. I tore the whole house apart, trying to find a VCR. I hadn t seen a tape in over a decade. And I watched the tape, and it was awful. They got me. It was a tape of me— I was fucking a girl, okay? But it was from before I was married. But it was not a good look. And I felt sick to my stomach, and I looked up at the clock, and then I saw my wife was coming home in ten minutes, and I just panicked. I jerked off to the tape real fast, and then— and then I called the FBI. Who, by the way, made me feel much better. They didn t say they were gonna catch em for sure, but they had the demeanor of some confident people that would catch em. So, I didn t worry about it too much. And then, not even a week later, five days later, I come home, and there s another videocassette sitting on my porch. As soon as I saw it, I just called the police. They ve done it again. You should probably look for a guy with bell-bottoms on, because I don t know who the fuck is sending tapes! And that second tape was the worst shit I d ever seen in my life. It was awful. Career-ending bad. It was a tape of me… jerking off to the tape a week earlier. I don t even know how they d even get such a thing. I had to explain all of this to my wife. She was very mad. No thing in this world is as cold as a woman s cold shoulder, cause she was mad, but she wouldn t talk to me about it. She would just punish me in little ways, make me do shit that I hate to do. Like pick the kids up from school. That s one thing she made me do. That s a hardship for me. I got one son that goes to a public school. And… his little brother goes to a private school. It s an experiment. I just want to see what s gonna happen to them. But what s weird is, my little son in private school, he s, like, my thuggy son, you know what I mean? I don t know where he gets that from. He s not getting it from me. And he s definitely not getting it from that school. That school is very— It s a liberal school. It s the kind of school— there might be, like, 12 black students in the entire school, and I m the only black parent. And none of the parents like me, either. Not cause I m black, but they don t like how I roll. I ll be showing up late all the time, and I m, like, in a Porsche, and I m blasting music that they don t like. ? I beat the pussy up ? Then I pull into the parking lot. I might be smoking a cigarette with the kids in the car. Then I pull into that handicapped space. And when I get out of the handicapped space, they always want to say some passive-aggressive shit. Morning, Dave. Don t know if you noticed, but you actually parked in the handicapped space.  Yeah, you know, Frank, I did notice. But who is this handicapped guy we re all waiting on that never shows up? So, I hate going over to that school. The only parents that are nice to me is a lesbian couple— Kate and Sarah. Actually, Kate hates my guts. Sarah knows that I m black, and she s half-black, so she just understands me. You know what I m saying? I can t explain it. Because I ll say shit, and Kate s just too serious about being a lesbian. I ll be like, Hey, Kate. Hey, Sarah. You guys going to the father-son picnic next week? How s that gonna work? And Kate will instantly be furious. But Sarah knows I m fucking around, so she ll just say something cool. I don t know, Dave. Maybe me and Kate will flip for that shit. I said, Bitch, you better save that coin toss, because everybody knows you re strapping on in that household. And then Kate will turn bright red, but Sarah just fist-bumps me, like, You re right, nigga. It s me. Bop. We re good friends. We re good friends. They invite me to stuff. They re my only friends at the school. So, imagine my surprise when I go to pick my son up after all this happens. And the teacher is waiting outside for me. She s just standing right there in the middle of the handicapped space. I knew something was wrong, so I rolled the window down. What s going on?  Hi, David. Can we talk to you for a minute in the office? I said, No, fuck that. We gotta talk right here. What s going on? I knew it was bad. Ibrahim had a fight. I said, A fight?  Don t worry. Everyone s okay. I said, Everyone? What happened?  Well, that s it. We don t know what happened because he won t talk to anybody. All we know is that he punched Sarah Jr. in the face. I said, Oh, no! Sarah s one of the only parents I m not sure I can beat up in this school. Just then, Kate and Sarah pulled up to pick up their daughter, and then we all had to go into the office, and I was really worried cause I didn t want them to kick me out of the school. And then they brought my son in. He was crying. They brought him in like a prisoner. He was like, Ohh! Oh! I said, Son, stop crying, calm down. Do not look at these mean faces. I need you to look at my face, and I need you to tell me the truth, buddy, all right? Just tell me the truth. Is it true? Did you punch that girl Sarah Jr. in the face? I was trying to give him a signal to lie, but he didn t pick up on it. I was like… He wasn t paying attention. He s like, Yes, Daddy, I punched her face.  Oh, my God. Why? Why would you do that? You re not supposed to put your hands on anybody. And his answer was so gangster, it scared all the parents in the room. He was like… [whimpering] ‘Cause she had it coming. I said… And everyone looked at me. I said, I did not teach him. I don t know where he got that from. I said, What does that mean, son? That is crazy talk! What does that mean? And then he just started crying like he was Tupac. [crying] These kids keep fucking with me! I told his teacher, I said, Well, now, wait a minute. This kid is a lot of things, but he s not a liar. And if he said they was fucking with him, they did something to him. Son, what s going on? What did they do to you?  Dad, I m tired of this shit. It s been going on all week. I said, What s going on all week? He said, We was at lunch, and that bitch bit my sandwich. I said, Oh. He said, It s the fourth time this week. I m tired of this sandwich-biting bitch. I said, Stop using that word. Let s go home. That s a quiet car ride home. We got to the house, he just ran right up to his room, slammed the door. His mother came downstairs. By then, she d heard about everything. She was looking at me, like, Oh, my God. I said, I know. It s fucked up. She said, You bit that goddamn sandwich, didn t you, Dave? I said, I m tired of you accusing me of shit! And I just ran out of the house. Jumped in my car and drove off. Of course I bit that sandwich. But I knew that she was just really mad about that tape, so now she was gonna punish me about a fucking sandwich that I d bit. I was mad as fuck. You know what I said to myself? I said, I should just never go home. fuck this shit. By the way, that s how people used to get divorced in the 40s. There wasn t no divorce court in America. Back in those days, if you wanted to get out your marriage, you d just tell your wife, Hey, baby, I m gonna get a pack of cigarettes. I ll be right back. You would just leave with the clothes on your back. That s when men were men. And there was no Internet back then, so you could move 11 miles away and have a whole new life. But I ended up going back home… late at night, and came in the room, and she was actually changing for bed. You can always tell your wife is mad at you when they cover their titties up when you walk in. Oh!  Let those titties out. It s me, baby. Can we just talk about this for a minute? She said, David, there s nothing to talk about. I already know you bit the sandwich. And don t go looking for their lunch. I hid it. I said, I don t want to talk about the sandwich. I want to talk about it. The tape. I know that s why you re mad. It was a very difficult conversation. I had to crack a few jokes. And she laughed a little, and it helped her relax, and we started talking, and then she cracked a few jokes… that hurt my feelings, honestly. But— But we talked. And you know what she told me? She told me that she was madder about the second extortion tape than she was about the first one. Which doesn t make sense at all. What s wrong with a guy touching his own private parts? It s my own business. It s not like I do it all the time. As a matter of fact, sometimes I do it for her benefit. A lot of guys do this. It s called the mercy jerk. That s the one that happens in the middle of the night when you re about to roll on top of her and you see her face, and you re like, She looks tired. That takes a lot of love and discipline to back out of a room with a rock-hard dick. Sometimes I don t make it. Uh-oh. Uh-oh. Someone fell asleep with their socks off, didn t they? You can t rape feet. You can t rape feet. The only time I jerk off now is if I know how long she ll be gone. That s the only way I can get my head in the game. Sometimes she ll tell me, Dave, I m gonna take the kids to my mom s real quick. I ll probably be back in a couple of hours.  A couple hours? You can get a good one in in two hours. That s the kind of session where you ll take all your clothes off. I ll be butt-naked in the living room like, Get these fucking toys out of my way! Disgusting. Foot on the coffee table, just stroking it out, taking my time. And I got a bowl of cereal waiting for me right here. That s when you have that privacy. You can have a loud orgasm. I miss those. [screaming] You know, when a guy busts a nut, right after that, there s a window of six minutes where he does the most rational thinking he ever does. That s when he s always horrified. [grunting and panting] My God, what have I done? Oh, my God, it s everywhere. [screaming] Baba! Thank you very much, Austin, Texas. I had a wonderful time. Be well, be happy. Good night, everybody. Thank you. [announcer] Give it up one more time for Dave Chappelle! [music playing] ? Ah-ah, ah-ah ? ? Ah-ah, ah-ah ? ? In every ghetto ? ? Ah-ah, ah-ah ? ? Ah-ah ? ? In every ghetto ? ? Ah-ah, ah-ah ? ? Ah-ah ? ? In every ghetto ? ? Ah-ah, ah-ah ? ? Ah-ah ? ? In every ghetto ? ? Ah-ah, ah-ah ? ? Ah-ah ? ? In every ghetto ? ? Ah-ah, ah-ah ? ? Ah-ah ? ? In every ghetto ? ? Ah-ah ? ? Ah-ah ? ? Revolution ? ? Ah-ah, ah-ah ? ? In every ghetto ? ? Ah-ah, ah-ah ? ? Ah-ah ? ? Ah-ah, ah-ah ? ? Ah-ah ? ? Ah-ah, ah-ah ? ? Ah-ah ? ? Ah-ah, ah-ah ? ? Ah-ah ? ? Ah-ah, ah-ah ? ? Ah-ah ? [man] I m rich, biatch! [horn honks]

TOM SEGURA@MOSTLY STORIES@2016@[soft piano music plays] [Tom] I love being a stand-up comedian. It s the best job in the world. And I love being an L.A. comic. Bam! Alfred the assassin. As a comic, what you re supposed to do is live your life and report it. [woman] Anytime I do something nice for you, – you shit on me! When is that?! I love the whole process. [woman] You have a little dick. Writing. Performing. Figuring out how to make a joke work. It s the best. But most of all, I love meeting the people of this city. They always inspire me. [shouting] Hey! Tom Segura! Bite me in my ass, man! Aah! You have to do it! I love them. They have nothing but admiration for me. [speaks foreign language] Yeah, after work we can do whatever, man. [speaks foreign language] I just know there s no stopping us. Hey! Who this fat-ass nigger right here? What s up, fat boy? ‘Sup? Making a food show, bitch? No. You should. Bam! ‘Cause you fat as fuck! This fat motherfucker right here, man. You got pancake titties. You do! Fuck this city. I m re-shooting this thing. Eat a dick, Paul Blart. This fat motherfucker, man. [man] Ladies and Gentlemen, Tom Segura! [cheers and applause] [up-tempo music playing] [music continues] [Tom] What up? Thank you! Thank you, guys. Thank you very much. It s great to be in Seattle. [crowd roars] Yes. One of my favorite places, and I am fucking falling apart. All right, um… I hate who I m becoming, socially. Like, all my social interactions, I m disintegrating into somebody I want to punch in the mouth. Like, I start weather chats with people all the time now, like, ugh. I got off the plane here, and the guy that picks me up at the airport, I was like, It rains a lot here, huh? [laughter] And I swear, there s another voice in my head going, You re a piece of shit for this conversation. [laughter] What s the guy supposed to say? He s in the car and he s like, Yeah… [laughter] …it does. And you re a real piece of shit for this, just so you know. I wanted to abort, I wanted to get out of it, but I couldn t. Like, I m from Southern California, we sure could use it. – [chuckles] – [laughter] And he was like, I ll run us off the fucking road. I ll kill us both, I swear to God I will. God forbid I meet a tall person now, like— If you re over six-four, there s no way I m not addressing it. I m gonna be like, – Wow, you re tall. – [laughter] Do you like basketball? Yeah? Is that your thing? I have a friend that s tall. Dude, you just told a grown man you have a fucking friend that s tall. Like, what s next? My dad s super strong? – I bet he s stronger than your dad. – [laughter] Ugh. It s better than my dad s actual small talk, which is awkwardly racial small talk. It s not racist, but it involves race. Um… Like, we re at a restaurant and, you know, the server walks up and she s Asian. – My dad will be like, You Chinese? – [laughter] And she s like, No, I m Korean.  Oh, I was in Vietnam. – And I m like… – [laughter] What are you doing?  What? I was.  I know. What does that have to do with anything? Then he goes, Lot fewer of them when I left, if you know what I mean. – I m like, Oh, man. – [laughter] [whistles] Well… Yeah, it was two Diet Cokes, we re gonna wrap it up pretty quick. Dude, if he meets a black guy, shut it the fuck down, okay? ‘Cause, it s gonna get weird. Like… Dude, I see it. A black guy starts talking to us and my dad ll be like… [laughter] I can see it in his eyes, like a clock s ticking down. And I m like, How weird are you about to be with him? He looks like a dog, when you show a dog a treat and you re like, Sit still. And the dog s like… [laughter] I work with a black guy! – Ohh. Ohh. – [laughter] Oh, man. Yeah, Carl. You know him? I don t know… Thought you knew each other. I don t know. I don t know him. He works in the building. You re like, Fuck. Jesus. Speaking of dads, I m gonna be a dad. Isn t that crazy? [crowd cheers] I know. Well… You know, not my fucking problem. You know what I mean? Um… – [laughter] – That s your kid. So… No, I m gonna stick around. I wanna see what it looks and stuff. – [laughter] – Just for a second. But… So crazy, man. All I did was, I didn t pull out. – And then… – [laughter] Now I m gonna be a dad. So nuts. Isn t that crazy? As a man, all you do is you dump inside of a girl and then… there s life? That s a pretty crude way of putting that. I m sorry. But… that s what happens. Let s just talk about how good that feels. I… [laughter] Dude, I ve been pulling out for years. And no comp— No orgasm— You don t have an org— and you re like, Oh, that sucks. Like, it s still— It feels great. But when you leave it in? Dude. [laughter] Here s all I m saying. If you re a pull-out guy, next time? Don t. [laughter] Even if she tells you to. Be like, I forgot. [laughter] And she ll whine about it. [whines] What if I m pregnant? My career! And you ll be like, Is law school on hold? All right. Pretty sure you can cut hair with a gut. [mixed laughter] Guys! I m joking. I m joking. [laughter] – [crowd cheers] – Joke. – I m not joking. But… – [laughter] God, it feels so good! I can t even— I can t even describe how much better it feels. The best I ve come up with is, remember when you were a kid, and the first time you tried something with melted cheese, – and you were like, What the fuck? – [laughter] This is the same thing? And they re like, Same shit. And you re like, This is amazing! I can have this whenever I want?  Mm-hm. Whenever you want. Just eight, ten seconds and it s your world, man. You re like, Oh, my God! – It s like that, but down here. – [laughter] Feels so good. Ohh. Here s what a piece of shit I am. I… I have been fantasizing a lot about people asking me how I lost the weight that I haven t lost yet. [laughter] And, like, I just have so many answers. Like, I really enjoy doing— In my head, I m like, Dude, it s not a diet, it s a lifestyle. [laughter] Just gotta make smarter choices, man. I mean, drink more water. Look at me, I ve never felt better. I have so much energy. If I can do it, you can do it. And then I eat chocolate soufflé, as I have— – [imitates chewing sounds] – [laughter] Like, Well, next year I ll probably be ready for this conversation. Fucking asshole. I don t even want to, like, lose weight to live long or be healthy. I don t. I just want to be able to make fun of fat people again. [laughter] And know for sure that they re fatter than me. ‘Cause, like, sometimes— Now I m like anybody, I ll be like, Look at this fat fucking asshole. And someone ll be like, You re fatter. And I m like, Oh. Really? And they re like, By a lot! [laughter] You should want his body. And I m like, Ah, fuck, man. Since I m gonna have a kid, I don t want to be the fat dad. Remember when we were in elementary school, in like fifth grade? You re like, Hey, look at Billy s fat fuckin dad. [laughter] [chortles] Fuckin …  Just fuckin batter him up tonight and eat him, huh, Billy s dad? Just don t want to be that guy. I got a trainer. They gave me a trainer. That s a better way of saying that. I joined a gym, and they go, Do you want a free training session? I was like, Okay. What does it normally cost? And they re like, Like $900. I was like, Wow, that s a great deal. That s awesome. [crowd chuckles] The first session is a bait session. It s ridiculous. The guy s like, Stand up. Like, Okay. He s like, Wow, you re a very powerful athlete. [laughter] Were you pro before? I m like, Okay, yes. I think I was. He goes, You look like it. Your muscle fibers look really great. I m like… He s like, Want to do this all the time? I m like, Yeah. Absolutely. This is a good boost for me. I like this a lot. Second session, way different than the first session. Second session, I m doing burpies. Like, you jump on the ground then you jump onto a wooden block. I m running through sand pushing a sled. And I go, is this SEAL school? What are we doing right now? [laughter] In the middle of this workout, my trainer goes Stop! And I said, Thank you. [laughter] He goes, Know why I told you to stop? And I go, Yeah, so you don t have to give me CPR, I think. [laughter] And he goes, No. The Holy Spirit.  What? [laughter] And he goes, The Holy Spirit told me to tell you to stop. And I go… What… did I sign up for? What the fuck is this? And he goes, Do you believe in Jesus Christ? And I said, Is He gonna make me do push-ups? [laughter] And that right there, he got really mad at that. Like… really upset. He was like, It s not all jokes!  I said one thing. I can t say one thing? All right. And he tells me to take the big plate, the 45-pound plate. Hold it over your head and run down to the pier and back. And the pier s, like, three-quarters of a mile. And I go, Nope. [laughter] Not doing that. He s like, You re quitting? You re quitting on me? And I go, No, I m not quitting, it s just that… the Holy Spirit… [laughter] …it talks to me, too. And it said there s no way I m gonna make this run without throwing up and people laughing at me. So, I m gonna get a peanut butter protein shake. I m out, man. And I took off. I m not doing that shit. I m not making fun of you if you re religious. I think that s great. Any faith. Christian, Muslim, Jew, what— If you re a Scientologist, you can go fuck yourself. But… – [crowd cheers] – Yeah. Because it s not old. It s gotta be old. [crowd chuckles] It s fair to say there s some times I don t want to hear about it. You know? Like working out? Um… Getting high. That s a bummer. Right? Like, when there s pills and cash and tits out and… someone s like, Have you thought about accepting the Lord into your life? And you re like, I m trying to make bad decisions. Why are you doing this to me? That and pre-sex. That is the worst. During sex, as-salamu alaykum. – Anything goes. But… – [laughter] Pre-sex? Like, right before, and the girl s like, Oh! What if God s watching us? And you re like, What?! [laughter] ‘What if God is watching us? Of course He s watching us! He sees everything and this is hands-down His favorite shit! [laughter] [crowd cheering] Yeah. Quit being a baby, put another knuckle in there and let s give Him a show! [laughter] [chuckles] [laughter] Digit play, it s fun. Get into it. But… let s be clear about this, guys. We re not gonna agree on everything. Okay? But we should agree on this. If you bring a baby into a movie theater, you re a piece of shit. [crowd cheering] Yup. If your reason for doing it is you couldn t get a babysitter, well, then, you don t get to go to the movies. That s how that works. It happened to me in back-to-back movies, which statistically I did not think was possible. First movie, I m in there five minutes. I m watching the movie and I hear, Waaah.  What? I turn, and in the row behind me there s a mother, a father and a baby. Not a child, which I think is an important distinction. It s a baby. I m like, All right, these people are insane. Um… I ll just ignore this. Turn back, 30 seconds later, Waah. I m like, Well, now I have to say something. Now… I m polite. So I turn and I go, Excuse me, are you stabbing your baby right now? [laughter] ‘Cause it sounds like it. And the dad goes… [heavy accent] No, I love the baby. – You picture him, okay? [laughter] I love him. Pero… no. It s my baby. And I said, Well, could you? ‘Cause I m trying to watch this movie. [laughter] And… your baby s ruining it. He s like, No, no puedo. So… [laughter] I get up, I go to the lobby, I see the manager of the theater and I go, Hey! There s a fucking baby in there… being a baby right now. And the manager goes, Some people suck. And he walked away. That is the best customer service line I ve ever heard in my life. Hands down. [cheers and applause] You can t even get mad! If you re in a restaurant, been waiting on your food, like, Where the fuck is my food? I ve been here half an hour! And the manager s like, Some people suck. Like, Oh yeah. Some people suck. I didn t think about it. My bad. Sorry about that. I left. I left. The next day, I go back to the movies. I should point out I saw a different movie. It was also a different baby. It s not the same family standing out front and then they see me and they re like, Oh, there he is. Let s go inside… and ruin this for him again. This time I am way further into the movie. I m emotionally invested in this movie. I like the movie. And then, out of nowhere, I hear, Waah. This time, I swear to you, I audibly go, Nuh-uh. [laughter] And now, other people get involved. You know when you can hear somebody s age in their voice? Like, I can t see shit. It s a dark theater. I just hear a guy go, Either make it quiet or get it out! [laughter] That guy s 140 years old! [laughter] Like, I could hear that he d never hugged his children. – I could hear it in his voice. – [laughter] This time, the mother of the baby goes, Shut up. – And I was like, Oh shit! Like… – [laughter] We have a situation. And then a third person goes, Shh. [laughter] What are you doing? Shush is passive-aggressive. She said, Shut up. Just go straight to fuck you! What are you doing? But now… I wanted to be the hero and save the movie. I felt a tremendous sense of injustice. Like, all these movies are being ruined by babies, but… I didn t realize I was too angry in that moment to um, what is it? Speak English words in a sentence. You know when you get real rage, like— [barks] – Like, just… – [crowd chuckles] Dude… – [barks] Like… – [laughter] [growls] Like, you feel it, your throat dries out, and— aah! So I stood up in the theater with the best intentions and I went… Why is everybody not in the adult movie?! – Like none of it made sense. – [laughter] Everybody s like, Who s that fucking guy? What s his problem? I was… I was trying to say, Let s be civilized adults. But instead I went adult movie.  Porn s on now. Cover your baby s eyes. [laughter] The next thing, I see a white T-shirt pop up and I m like, Well, there s the dad. [laughter] Some of you got it. And… He looked around, like, Who s talking shit? And I was like, I m talking shit, bitch. I didn t say it, but he knew what was up. But then… [laughter] I went out the exit immediately cause I m not getting my ass kicked over The Lego Movie, so I left. [cheering] You guys, are you ever just tired of being alive? – Know what I mean? Like… – [crowd chuckles] I m not suicidal. I just feel like I ve done a lot and I ve seen a lot. And now I m like, – Let s wrap this shit up. Like… – [laughter] Right? Like, how many fucking days are there? [laughter] I want to skip a grade. Remember… elementary school, and you get to the first day of, whatever, third grade, and you re like, Where s Brian? They re like, He skipped.  Excuse me? How? They re like, He can add like a motherfucker. I don t know. He just… – Four, eight, twelve. He gets it. – [laughter] And then you go, I want to skip. And they re like— [chuckling] Don t even think about that. Think about other shit. I d love to skip in real life. That would be the best program, if they were like, If you kill it this year, you have the best year, at the end of the year, a magical fairy or government official will come to your house… and they go, ‘You crushed it this year.  – And you re like, I know. – [crowd chuckles] Then they re like, Now you can skip as many years as you want. I d be like, What the fuck?! Really?  Mm-hmm. How many do you want to skip?  Thirty? Just land at retirement. I don t wanna live much longer than that anyways. Seventy. Maybe 71. You know? Seventy so I can be officially old and experience old guy stuff, like people talking to me like I m a pet, and, um… [laughter] You ever see that? When they re like, Hey, hey. How you doing? You re so good. Would you like me to get you anything? Like, Yeah. Put some water in my bowl. What the fuck is this shit? Like… [laughter] But I don t want to live much longer than that. I mean, I hear people in conversation go, I want to live to be a hundred. Really? Have you seen 80? I mean, my dad has a friend that s 87. – He looks like a goblin. Okay? – [laughter] He is terrifying to look at. And he knows it. He s like, I m coming around the corner. Don t look at me. He knows it. – [laughter] – It s scary. Here s how much it sucks to be that old. When he was 84, he stopped taking his heart medication. And I go, Why did you do that? And he goes, I don t want to be here. [laughter] If you see him now, you re like, How you doing? – Unfortunately, alive. – [laughter] But He won t take me. [laughter] The only thing I have going for me with that old stuff is that I will be the best old guy. I already know it. Like, I have their personality. I m anti-social as shit. I don t want to do anything. Like… whenever anybody says to me, Hey, man. Do you wanna go check out the— I go, No to the rest of your sentence. Whatever it is, I don t want to do it. I don t want to meet new people. Not one more, as long as I live, for the rest of my life. That s the same as old people. Try it if you want. Be like, Hey, Grandpa! I want you to meet Steve. And he ll go, Fuck Steve. [laughter] I know everybody I need to know. Gonna watch my shows. [blows raspberry] [laughter] Know what I really want? I want to be that old— I don t know if it s an age, it s just a way of being old. There s a certain level of old where you get yelled at for trying to be helpful. That looks awesome. Know what I mean? When an old guy s like, I m gonna take out the trash. And someone s like, Are you out of your fucking mind? Your spine ll snap. Sit down! – Okay. – [laughter] I tried. I m sorry. [laughter] That looks amazing. I really want that old guy confidence that I see… in the locker room. Yeah. That s another thing. [laughter] Dude. Another thing I ve noticed since joining the gym, there s two types of guys: Guys that are 65 and older, and then guys that cover their dicks. Because old guys… do not. It s crazy! The first few days, I thought it was peacocking. Like showing off, you know? ‘Cause I saw some fucking hammers where you walk in and you re like, Whoa, yeah! [laughter] I wouldn t wear pants either. Nice work, pal. [laughter] But then, like the third day, I saw a guy, he had just like the cutest little thing. [laughter] And he was just like all on the— He was like, Oil prices are crazy right now. [laughter] I m like, Dude, you have a little grain of rice. You don t give a shit? He didn t. He didn t care. I want that confidence. I don t even know how it s attainable. Like, if I know anyone s gonna see it, I m gonna… you know? [laughter] Give it a smack. [laughter] And then you go, Huh. There s an inch. [laughter] Let s not act like I m the only self-fluff er in the room, okay? Dude. Ladies, if you ve ever received a dick-pic before, um, here s some secret intel: That s not the first shot. [laughter] Pretty much goes like this: Click. – Fuck that. And then… – [laughter] Oh, yeah, that s me. That s all me right there. That s me. God, sweating my fucking balls off. Like a preacher. Amen. All right. So… – [laughter] Ha! This is a very— I think this— Pretty girls. Pretty town. A lot of good-looking girls in this town. Um… I noticed, stylistically, I feel like a lot of girls here have nose rings, and I have to tell you, I fucking dig it. Yeah. I like a girl with a nose ring. I think it says something. I think it says, – I have other piercings, and… – [crowd chuckling] – …you can see them. [laughter] As soon as I get this hemp bra off. – But… [laughter] Eyebrow ring, that s another level. That is a statement. And that statement is: Fisting is my first base. Like, those chicks are fuckin down. Am I right? – [crowd cheering] – Yeah. Oh, yeah. Some of you— No? I m seeing disappointment in some people s faces, for sure. Yeah. Some people are like, Mm-mm. [laughter] Didn t sign up for this shit. No, sir. And the rest of you are like, But… But, Tom! What about tongue rings? What about tongue rings, Tom? What about them?! [laughter] Tools of the trade. Did Rembrandt not have a paintbrush? [laughter] Who is Beethoven without his piano? That girl has a tongue ring cause her mouth is a homing device for cocks! [laughter] You leave her alone! Or just show her your dick. There s a pretty good chance she s gonna lap that shit up. Mm-mm-mm-mm. [laughter] Don t get upset. It s silly. It s a silly joke. Look, I m not a misogynistic pig. I think women should judge men equally and harshly. You know what never fails? Judge men based on what they drive. Ladies… if a guy picks you up in a minivan, he is telling you, Why have sex when we can collect all the Angry Birds stuffed animals? [laughter] Full-size van. Whoa. [laughter] That s more like, You wanna go out? Well, you re coming. [laughter] Kidnapping joke, yeah? Now, ladies, if a guy picks you up in a Honda and it s lowered, real low, low… to the ground… and there s some cool blue lights underneath it, that says, When we get to this restaurant, get whatever you want. My mom s got this. Don t worry about it. I got it. Yeah. – [laughter] – Yeah.  Yeah, she gave me tip money. Yeah! Oh, man. I was in, uh, London… Canada. – Um, they have one. – [crowd chuckles] And… Doesn t that kinda bother you? A little bit? When a barely city is like, Let s name it after an awesome city. – [laughter] – [snickers] And they have the nerve to ask you, How do you like London?  The real one, or this turd you put in a dress? Because… [laughter] Like, the fucking balls on Paris, Tennessee, to name their city Paris? And then they built a mini Eiffel Tower? Like you re gonna walk around confused, like, Well, bonjour! I don t even know where I m at! [laughter, cheering] Can I get me a ‘crassant?  [chortles] [laughter] Fuck Paris, Tennessee. So, we re leaving… London, Ontario, Canada— bothers me just to say it. And we re headed back to Toronto, and we pass by a strip club named Beef. – Now… – [crowd chuckles] Yeah, your hearing is working just fine. [laughter] There s a strip club named Beef! I mean… can you even wrap your head around the confidence a young lady has to have just to audition at Beef? Just to be like, I know they re hiring at Diamonds, but I m more of a Beef girl. – Like, that is… – [laughter] It s such an aggressive name, even for a casual conversation. To be like, Oh, you strip?  Where do you strip at?  Beef. [laughter] – Jesus. – [laughter] What goes on there?  Pretty intense shit, actually. We recommend you start your night at a different strip club and graduate to Beef. You start here, we ll wreck your life. Like, All right. God. Fuckin Beef is the name— Fart is a better name for a strip club. If somebody was like, You wanna go to a strip club? It s called Fart. I d be like, No, I don t want to go there.  There s another one called Beef.  All right, let s check out Fart. [laughter] See where that ends up. I feel like… the worst part, honestly, of traveling in our country is that there s no surprises. I swear to you, I travel every week, and it s really a disappointment. Every place is exactly what I thought it was going to be. You know? I can prove it to you. Picture a place you ve never been to in this country. Picture it. That s exactly how it is. [laughter] What are the people like, you wonder? What do you think they re like? That s right. [laughter] It s— I swear to you! Go to San Francisco. They re like, Ah, we re offended. And you re like, Yep. [laughter] I know. Texas? I don t think the people of Texas necessarily want to execute retarded people, but I think they re like, You know what? This is Texas. So… whoo! [laughter] That s how we do it around here, brother. A little boot scoot boop! See you later, dumdum. All right. [laughter] They ve done it multiple times! They keep doing it. I m sowwy.  Yeah, me too. [laughter] Crazy. The Midwest? I mean, don t you feel like we could draw a circle around the Midwest and be like, – Do we need this? – [laughter] Except for wherever you re from. That place is fucking awesome. The Northeast, shady fucking people in shady cities. That s all they are. Just shady. Just fucking all those places. Jersey, Philly, Balti— they re all… – [chortles] – [laughter] How you doing?  Not now, thank you very much. [laughter] Can I help you with something?  Nope. Never in my life. The one quality I do love about Northeastern people, though, you could be in an argument with them and be like, You re a fucking asshole. – And they re like, Thank you. – [laughter] My dad s an asshole, and so am I. It s kind of a thing. Then what? You head, uh… you head on down south. [chuckles] [laughter] [Southern accent] Where God don t make no junk. [snickers] That s a real expression, by the way: God don t make no junk. They say it a lot. I lived there for a while. They say it to people who are complaining about their own situation. So essentially, it s a pick-me-up. Right? Like, some lady might go, I ain t purty! [laughter] And I ain t no good. [crowd chuckling] No one s ever gonna love me. [moans] And someone ll go, Don t you talk that mess. [crowd chuckles] Don t you say that, Sally— Billy Bob— Sandra. Don t you say that. [laughter] God don t make no junk. I always want to interrupt and be like, I d like to politely disagree! [laughter] I think He was nodding off when He made you. [laughter] While your sunken eyes and protruding underbite are charming… [laughter] …that map of white trash is not sending a lot of lead to the pencil. You re right! You re gonna die alone, bah-bah-bah-Nascar-fart-beer. [laughter, cheers] You big box of stupid. [laughter] Here s great travel advice, okay? Do not take the red-eye. If you don t know what that is, it s amazing that you made it this far in life. It s when you fly overnight from the West Coast to the Eastern time zone. Some people love that flight. And those people are sociopaths. – Because… here s why. – [laughter] You land and your body s like, Well, it s 3:30 in the morning. I guess we re going to sleep. And then the world goes… – Uh… nope! – [laughter] 6:30, dickhead! Get ready to do stuff. And then you cry for days. Last one I ever went on, I boarded with my wife. We get on, she looks at our boarding passes, she goes, We re not sitting next to each other. And I go, Okay. [laughter] I don t know. She goes, You don t wanna switch seats? And I go, Not really. [laughter] And she goes, Why not? I said, ‘Cause we don t have to. She goes, What does that mean? I said, Well, there s only two people that have to sit next to each other, and they re up front. [laughter, applause] We can sit anywhere. She goes, You re gonna ask people to move. And I was like, Great. Should be a real treat. That s always fun, right? You all settled in? – Want to stand the fuck up now? Great. – [laughter] So… we re both window seats. We need an aisle to move. So I go to the guy sitting next to her, and this guy is old. I don t know how old, but it doesn t look good. He s… he s drooling… [grunts] …he s got rubber where there used to be bones— Put it this way: – It s his last flight. All right? So… – [laughter] After this one, no más. [crowd chuckles] So I go, Excuse me, Gandalf. Do you think that… [laughter] …you could move so I can sit next to my wife? And he goes, Move?  Mm-hmm. He goes, You move. – Yep. – [crowd chuckles] I ll move here, and then you move there. And he goes, You can t see a meniscus… [gibberish] …I won t be able to stretch out as much. [mumbling] I can t stretch. I gotta sit by the aisle access and stretch it out there so it s built up more. It ll be seven, eight times more if I sit over there. And I go, Are you reading me a fucking novel about this? [laughter] Jesus, just say no! And I hope you lose your leg. And then I turned around. Well, he was a dick. He was. Was he old? Yes. Was he disabled? Severely. [laughter] Disabled people have to earn their cool points just like the rest of us. I m so exhausted of the idea that everybody with a disability is automatically an angel on earth. They re not. They re people, and you should treat them like people. But you don t. You patronize the shit out of them. Yeah. – I know you do. – [applause] Of course. There s so many uncomfortably silent guilty faces in here right now. [laughter] Yeah. You know when you re at work and fucking Sam rolls up? [laughter] It s always Sam. You don t go, Hey, Sam. You go, Hai, Sahm. [laughter] And he s like, Hi. And you go, How was your weekend? [laughter] He s like, It was good.  Well, that s good! And he s like, You know I m not retarded right? I just can t stand up. You re a fucking asshole. [crowd laughs, cheers] Some of them are cool. Some of them are dicks. I was walking into a building not two weeks ago. I open the door. Ten steps back, I notice a guy s coming up with no arms. You know what I do? I hold the door. And when he gets up, he goes, I don t need you to do that shit. And I go… [laughter] – All right. – [cheering] Okay, Stumpy. Um… let s watch you bite that handle for an hour. – That ll be a fun fucking show. – [laughter] Fuck that guy. Absolutely fuck him. So… Midnight on this flight, the lights come on, and that s too early, right? That s too early for the red-eye. I panic. I think we re dying. So… I see the attendant, I go, Hey, what the fuck s happening? She goes, There s a medical emergency in the back. Are you a doctor? And I go, Look at me. [laughter] You think I m a doctor? And she goes, Are any of you? And we go, No. I said, I think we just established that none of us are doctors. How about you kill those lights so we can go back to sleep? [laughter] And she goes, Well, he needs help. And I go, Well, we re not doctors. We could stand around him for a while, If you think that ll help.  Yeah, he s fucked up. [laughter] Huh? Comedian. [laughter] Mostly stories. Hang in there. I don t fucking know. So… half an hour later, lights are still on, and I go, What are we doing? And she goes, I think we re gonna divert. And I go, Divert? Does that mean we re gonna dump fuel? Have you ever asked somebody something so profoundly stupid to them that they have to physically regroup before they answer your question? [laughter] Like, she went to answer, and then she went, Huh. [laughter] Like her brain was like, control-alt-delete, rebooted… [laughter] …and she goes, Divert doesn t mean dump fuel, you dumb shit. And I was like, I know, I was just playing. Gah. [laughter] She said, We re gonna land at the nearest airport. We ll get him off and we ll get him help. Then we ll continue. And I go, You gotta be shitting me. And she goes, No. And I said, Well, what if he s dead? And she goes, What? – And I go, If he s dead… – [laughter] …we re not just gonna land to drop off some luggage, right? We re gonna keep going. And she goes, I guess so. [laughter] And I said, Well, in that case, I am a doctor. [laughter] And I m gonna need a pillow. Stat. [laughter] [cheers and applause] And then, I fucking killed a guy. On a plane. [laughter] It was the most fun I ve ever had in my life. Um… Bikes! I get, like… verbal tics, you know? I don t have Tourette s. I wish I did. It looks fun. But… I ll just yell shit. It s like a hook on a catchy song, except it s just stuff that I watch, and then… Bikes! I just yell it, you know. Over and over. Only like two or three million times. But… I m obsessed with the show Scared Straight. Um… If you ve never seen it, it s tremendous. Here s what they do. In the show, they take kids, middle school and high school kids that are getting in trouble a lot, and they send them to jail for a day. And the idea is that jail will scare the fuck out of the kid, and then he ll get his life together. Hence, Scared Straight. It s tremendous. I m obsessed with one episode. – It aired once. – [crowd chuckles] In 1999. Here s what s great. It aired uncensored, which is bananas. And… in this episode they did not send the kids to jail, like they normally do. Instead, they sent them to a maximum security penitentiary. [crowd chuckles] Prison. And those prisoners verbally assaulted these kids into crying a lot. [laughter] And it s the funniest shit I have ever seen in my life. First of all, don t feel, like, too bad for— these kids are super badass. They re not like, spitting spitballs in class and— They re fucking stabbing other kids. They re badass kids. Okay? And they show up to this thing with attitude. They walk in, they re like, What s up? I run sixth grade. – I ain t scared of you, man. Like… – [laughter] You can t scare me. And they re greeted by a guy named Crazy Chris. Chris has scars on his face, and the screen freezes. And it says, Chris killed six people, and he s doing a double life sentence. Like, this dude is so bad that when he dies and he s reincarnated, that guy is doing life in prison also. [laughter] So this is a bad motherfucker right here. The kids are like squatting around, and Chris is like, Hey. My name s Crazy Chris. And from now on, you will see me in your nightmares. And the kids are like, What the fuck? Like… I m 12. Don t talk to me like that. Man, that s crazy. And he goes, If I ever see you again, I ll take a bite out of each of you. And they re like, All right. We re reformed now. Thank you very much. Jesus. But they can t leave. The next guy comes up to them and he goes, Hold mah pocket! – Hold mah pocket! – [crowd chuckles] And he makes kids walk around holding the inside of his pocket. You understand? So he walks, and then they re like— [nervous chuckle] I don t know what you know about prison, but if you re holding onto another dude s pocket, – it s gonna be a rough day. All right? – [laughter] Not only is this guy making kids hold his— he s talking ridiculous shit to middle schoolers. He s like, I mma make you suck my dick for breakfast! [laughter] Every mornin . And the kids are like… [groaning] [laughter] I hate breakfast! Ugh! [laughter] Funny shit like that. So… [chortles] He s like, I mma mush your motherfucking face! And the kid s like— [whimpering] It s so fucking funny. Ah… [crowd chuckling] There s one exchange where this dude, he pulls a kid out of line. The kid s, like, 13. He weighs, I don t know, a hundred pounds? And he has a bowl cut. Okay? He has a bowl cut. [laughter] In prison. Do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do. It s parted in the middle. The prisoner goes, Why you here? And the kid s like… Ugh. Stealing. And he goes, The fuck you took? [laughter] And the kids goes, B… Bikes. And he goes, Bikes! And that s why I yell bikes all the time. [laughter] [cheers and applause] You should see me when we drive by a bike store. – Holy shit. – [laughter] I ll be driving. I ll be like, Ahh… – And my wife, she s pretty over it. Um… – [laughter] She ll go, like, You get one. I m like, All right, I m gonna make this shit count. So, I ll pull over, roll down the window, and I wait till I see somebody checking out one of the sidewalk displays, like with all the bikes out there, and when they find one they like and they re like, I like this one, I ll go, Bikes! And they re like, What the fuck?! And I go, Stop selling drugs! And I drive off. [laughter] That s right. [cheers and applause] Super fun. You should do it. Ah, man. So, my wife is the coolest, actually. She s the best. And, uh, she— we ve been together ten years. And women will actually ask me, sometimes, they ll be like, Ten years? That s a pretty good run. What s the secret? Is there a secret? And I want to tell you that there is. And ladies, the key to your man s heart is through his… taint. Now, if you don t know, the taint is that little strip of land between a man s balls and his butthole. [cheers and applause] Also known as the Devil s Driveway. – Now… – [laughter] …some of you are like, I don t want to go there. That sounds scary. Well, yeah. [laughter] Your man s perineum, that s like the Incan ruins of his body. And just like Machu Picchu, its a little out of the way. [laughter] But once you get there, the rewards are oh, so glorious. Ladies, I just gave you top secret clearance. Okay? Um, welcome to Area 51. Yeah. I never want to hear another woman complain, I can t get a guy to call me back. Well, take a vibrator, press it against his chode, and you will have to shut down a cell tower because that man is gonna harass you. All right? [laughter, applause] [cheering] Yeah. After you make him shiver. [laughter] Don t be an asshole and put it on high speed the first time. You ll send him to the emergency room. But… Ease into it. One, two, three. He ll be like, all right! [laughter] [sighs] I m not piling on you for not doing enough, if you re a woman. Guys are the worst. Absolutely. Every guy friend of mine that complains about a sex thing, it s always the same stupid shit. They ll be like, You know, like, I liked her, but she s not slutty. She didn t do anything slutty. I m like, Huh. You tell her what you like?  Unh-unh. I m like, Oh. Well, you weird silent fuck. [laughter] You gotta tell her. If she likes you, she ll do it. Gotta tell her, ‘Put on a clown suit and peg me. Or whatever you like. [laughter] I ll tell you my favorite. I don t give a shit. I love the medical genre. That is my favorite. I love those pornos where the guy goes in the doctor s office. He s like, Oh, my back hurts. The nurse is like, That s cause your big stupid balls are full. Get over here. [laughter] I love that. I love it, I told my wife, and now we have scrubs. [laughter, cheers] Everybody likes it. Don t act like— whenever you— If you re a guy and you see a nurse, you always are like… Maybe she ll suck it. Like that. Like, you always… Even if you see a nurse walking around, you re like, Hey. What? No, I didn t say anything. I was just… [laughter] Do you? Okay, no, you don t? Okay. No, I feel fine. Thank you. It s the best. I love— I love, though, on the medical pornos, those scenes, they always end with letting you know how he s doing medically. Like the guy goes, Uhhh. My back feels better. You re like, Oh, wow. [laughter] We were all worried about your third lumbar. So, that s good. Crazy, and I swear, this is true, as much as I love that shit, I have never in my life seen a smaller version of my own dick than when I m in the doctor s office. Like, it gets so small, and it leans to the left. So my dick is like, What did you say? [laughter] Hmm? Should I be here, Dad? You ever yell at it? You re like, What the fuck?! Monday we were hitting thigh, and today you re like, – ‘I want to stay in bed and read. So…  – [laughter] ‘You go out. I m gonna draw a bath. Bye.  And you ll be like, You stupid little dick! They have porno suggestions. Isn t that weird too? Like you watch a scene, It s like, You might also like… And you re like, What? And then its like some weird sh— It s like, Sis is mad at her brother for not leaving, so she blows him. And you re like, Ugh! Gross. All right, I m gonna see what it looks like. They re not really related. That scene is so stupid cause they always call each other Bro and Sis, like any fucking people on the planet do that. The girl s like, Bro! My friends are coming over. Get outta here. He s like, No way, Sis. Not leaving.  Come on! What ll it take?  Boop. Right there. That s what it ll take.  Okay. And you re like, All right. It s not a good premise, but I ll watch it. [laughter] [sighs] Let me ask you this. If you re white, aren t you a little tired of being blamed for every racial injustice? – Like, doesn t part of you… – [man] Yeah! [blows raspberry] [laughter] Yeah, yeah. No, that s good. So… [laughter] People are like, What the fuck? No! That s what I m saying! Like… Don t you kinda want to tell, like, the other people, Why doesn t your group get their shit together, and then you can ascend to the top and then you can oppress other people. [mixed laughter] Not as many claps on that one. Well, uh… [laughter, applause] Oops. [crowd chuckles] Here s all I m saying. Okay? Every race is racist. Okay? We re the best at it, but every race is racist. Who s super racist? Asians. Right? Yeah, you guys are… You re nodding. Like, You know goddamn right I am. Of course. You don t know about it? There s a hierarchy to the whole thing. Here s how it works. Japanese, they re number one, which is weird cause their genitals are blurry. – But they re number one. Right? – [laughter] Then… [crowd cheering] Chinese and Koreans are right there. And everybody else who s, like, tan, like… [laughter] Vietnamese and Filipino, they re like— [spits] Fuck you! [laughter] True or not? Yeah. Don t you feel better about everything right now? Like… What s your ethnic background? You re Chinese? That s number two. That s almost at the top. That s great. That s gotta feel good, right? Who did you, like— Who did your parents talk the most shit about, growing up? Wait. Were you raised in an Asian household, or are you one of those, That s cute, lets get one of those ? [laughter] ‘Cause that s a legit question. Asian? So who d your parents talk the most shit about growing up, racially? – Be honest. Huh? – [man] Japanese. – Japanese! Fuckin … All right, so… – [laughter] Do you hate Japanese people? No? They fucking hate you. A lot. [laughter] You know they do. Uh… What do your parents say about them? What s the shit that they talk? [man] They wanted me to marry one. They wanted you to marry one? [man continues indistinctly] They wanted her to do whatever you want. – Are your parents Saudi or…? – [laughter] Can I get this fucking straight for a second? Your parents were like, We want our beautiful Chinese boy to marry a Japanese girl so that ‘she ll do whatever you want ? – Meaning they re submissive? – [man] Yes. Yeah. All right. So who s this fucking lady sitting next to you? What s she all about? Hey! Don t fucking answer. It s his world. – What is— What is, uh… – [roaring laughter] Ask him if you can answer. [laughter] She s Chinese? Damn! [laughter] Do you know— [laughs] Do you know how I found out about Asian racism? This is how I found out about it. I had no idea. I m shooting a commercial in L.A., and they fly in a Japanese director, okay? – Uhhh. Grunts, everything. So… – [laughter] Yeah. So I was like, Do you have indigestion? He was, Uhh. No. We re shooting the commercial, and between takes, there s a Filipino production assistant. So, he come up and talks to us and he walks away. And when he walks away, I see the Japanese director give him a very dismissive look, like… And I go, Hey! I saw that, with my eyes. What was that all about? I go, You don t like him? And he goes… And I go, Why not? And he goes… [laughter] Did you catch it? It was really fast. [laughter] He basically said, I don t like him cause I don t like his skin color. And he did it with this little gesture. And I was like, Holy shit! That s fucking brilliant. How did I not think of that? You don t have to worry about people hearing you and getting hit. Just make a little thing and move it along. Like… [laughter] Don t act like you re not gonna use that five fucking times this week. [applause] When you re in your favorite restaurant and they come in, you re like… [laughter] Let s take it to go. Thanks a lot. [laughter] Oh, guys. Thank you for having jobs. Um… I m assuming you do. I don t fucking know. You re here. Maybe you robbed somebody. But… I was just thinking about how long it s been since I ve had a job, and how I absolutely could not get one right now. If I went into a place and gave them my résumé, they d be like, What s with this 13-year gap on here, man? And I d be like, What s with all the questions, dude? Chill out. I mean, if I had to get a job, I think I would just go for a job where no one knows what the fuck I m talking about, so I could just make shit up. Because… There s a few of those. Like, the spokesman for an arson investigation. Um… Arson means fire, by the way. I m seeing a lot of blank faces. And… [laughter] You can see them online. Like, a guy comes out to a podium, and there s a mic and there s news people around. There s a burned down building behind, and he s just like— Hey. That shit burned down. [laughter] Could you tell us a little more? He s like, What? Totally aggravated. What do you wanna know?  How did it start?  It was a match. And they go, How do you know?  We found it.  It. Like it s one. There s other matches and he s like, Mm-mmm.  This one. They go, How do you know that s the match?  Just complicated fire shit. You wouldn t understand. Thing is, man, I miss zero part of having a day job. That s the truth. I miss zero part. The only part I still miss is spreading rumors and gossip about people that work there. That s the fucking best. It is! I remember. Going to work sucks. That s universal. I mean, shit! Most of you will have it on Monday. Fuckin — the alarm goes off, and you go, Motherfucker! [laughter] Today s gonna suck! [laughter] But I m gonna talk shit about Amanda when I get there. And then that… raises your spirit right? You think about that in the shower. I m gonna ruin Amanda s day today. [laughter] This is for you, Amanda. Aahh. The fucked-up thing is people making you feel badly for enjoying that. You shouldn t feel badly for enjoying gossip. It s 100 percent normal and natural to because it s definitely an extension of childhood. Because all of us, when we were kids, and all kids now, for a certain period of time, the worst storytellers ever, okay? You don t know shit about editing information, enhancing things, keeping people s interest. You don t have to have a kid to know about this. Talk to any kid. A friends kid. A niece, a nephew. It s when you go to a kid, you go like, Hey, were you outside? And they go, Yeah! And you re like, Why don t you dial that back? That was crazy. Okay? And then you ask one question, like, How was that? And they go, I have— When— When Jeanette came by, she— she didn t— she brought the yellow cup that— she didn t want to kick the ball back, but I said, can— ‘Cause Brian s cup is red, that if you— if you— if you don t have it now, then you don t have to bring the blue— ‘Cause the blue one that Jane had was with her. I said, ‘If you don t have it, you can— you can use mine now, but then… then next it s my turn.  You go, That was a great fucking story. Thank you. [laughter, applause] Je-sus! [laughter] And then kids accidentally tell their first good story. They don t mean to, it s an accident. That s why it leaves an impact. ‘Cause you go, Were you at the park? And they go, Yeah. And you go, How was that? And they go, I saw Uncle Jeff, and he had a lady sitting on his lap. But it wasn t Aunt Maria. And you re like, What? [laughter] And the kid s like, Shit, I ve never seen that fucking face before! And you re like, That s a good story. Go find more stories like that. [laughter] That s burned into your psyche. That s why you go to work, you see your coworker, you re like, Hey, I got some juice. And they re like, Is it gonna negatively impact somebody s life? [chortles] Yeah. And they re like, Fucking hook that shit up! [cheers and applause] I ve spread so many fucking rumors. My favorite part about rumors, nobody verifies shit. Somebody says something once and you re like, Cool, I ll roll with that forever. Thanks, man.  Are you gonna fact check that?  Why? You said it out loud. I don t have to check anything out. It s now a fact. So, whatever. It s a seed, right? You ever a part of one that just grows? I remember years ago, I m watching a movie with my dad. In the middle of the movie, the actor, Tommy Lee Jones, appears onscreen. Great actor. Oscar winner. Unprompted, my dad turns to me and he goes, Did you know he was gay? And I was like, No.  Yeah. [laughter] Now, it doesn t matter, and I don t care. But I decided I would tell everyone I ever met for the rest of my life that Tommy Lee Jones is gay. I told a lot of people. Like, from The Fugitive through No Country for Old Men. – I told everybody. – [laughter] Until one day I told somebody and he goes, No, he isn t. And I was like, Yeah, he is. And he goes, How do you know that? And I said, My dad told me. [laughter] What? Your dad fuck him or something? [laughter] I was like, I don t think so. Then he goes, I ve known him 40 years. I know his wife and kids. I knew him when he was single. He is not gay. And I go, What is happening right now? [laughter] And I called my dad immediately. And I was like, Dad! I just got confirmation that Tommy Lee Jones isn t gay. And my dad goes, Oh, I thought he was. [laughter] Is that the end of your investigation? Are you fucking serious? Why did you tell me that? He goes, I don t know. I said, Did somebody tell you? He goes, I can t remember. I said, Have you been telling everybody for 15 years that Tommy Lee Jones is gay? And he goes, Yep. I go, Don t you think we should stop? He goes, Now we should. [laughter] Just made that shit up. This is not made-up. I ll tell you this, man. [sighs] Not too long ago, I met former heavyweight champion of the world Iron Mike Tyson. And… [cheers and applause] It completely changed my perspective on a famous person, cause I thought I knew famous people. Friends of mine on TV and movies, they are dog shit next to Mike Tyson. Think about how— he is famous the way an ex-president is famous, in that he can t go anywhere in the world without everyone knowing who he is. You can take him to the Philippines, you can take him to Siberia, you can take him to Namibia and people would be like, [smacking] Mike Tyson. Everybody knows Mike Tyson. That s a perfect impression, by the way. So… we re on an afternoon flight from L.A. to Pittsburgh. He is sitting across the aisle one row back. He s right there. It takes an extra hour to board the flight. Why? Because every passenger that boards sees him, and they re like, Get the fuck out of here. And they shit their pants. And he s super nice. He shakes everyone s hand. Flight attendants are telling people, Go to your seat. – And they re like, Nope. – [laughter] Talking to him.  We re not asking you, we re telling you.  I don t give a shit. I m not going anywhere. It takes forever. We leave late. I don t say anything. About half an hour s left in the flight, and then I tell myself, You have to say something. You re never going to run into him again. So I get up, walk over to his seat and I go, I m sorry to bother you. I grew up watching all of your fights, and I m a big fan. And he goes, Thank you. [laughter] I said, I m just curious, why are you going to Pittsburgh? He goes, I m promoting a fight. What about you? I said, I m a comedian. I m going to do shows. And he goes— [giggles] You re a comedian? I go, Yeah. He said, Where s your show? I said It s a comedy club called the Pittsburgh Improv. And he goes, Where s that? – And I go, I have no fucking idea. – [laughter] And he goes, Is your show tonight? And I go, No. It s eleven o clock at night and we re on a plane. [laughter] We re in the sky right now, Mike. He goes, Well, when s your show? And I go, Tomorrow. And he goes, Where? And I go, Still at the Pittsburgh Improv. He goes, How do I find it? I go, I don t fucking know. Google it. Then it hits me, like, two seconds later how batshit crazy it is of me to tell him to like, Google it. – You know? Like… – [laughter] You figure it out, fuckface! [laughter] Am I out of my mind? So… I grab a DVD out of my bag, I give it to him. I go, It has my name on it, just type it in. It ll show you where I m at. He goes, Thank you. I go, That s cool. I met Tyson. Ten seconds later, I m sitting in my seat and I hear, Tom? [laughter] Yes, Mike Tyson? He goes, Were you on television recently? And I go, Mm-mmm. He goes, Are you sure? And I go, Yeah, I think so. And he goes, Nothing? And I go, I mean, I m on Netflix. And he goes, I fucking love Netflix. [laughter] Okay. He goes, What s your favorite show on Netflix, Tom? I go, Are we really doing this right now? Like, shouting across the aisle?  I like House of Cards, man! Like… [laughter] It feels crazy, okay? So, I m super nervous. I don t know what to say— I m like, I don t know. I watched Breaking Bad on Netflix. And he goes, My wife likes Breaking Bad. But he said it like, You like shit my wife likes. And I was like, Ugh. Then his eyes light up like saucers, and he s like, Oh! You like Sons of Anarchy? And I know it s a great show. There s a lot of great shows. I can t see every show. I ve never seen it. Do you ever lie? Like a child to an adult? ‘Cause you think they ll like you more if you like the same thing? Well, I saw that face and I go, It s my favorite show of all time. [laughter] And he s like, It s the shit! And I was like, Oh, I know. That one episode? That s my favorite. And then he gives me a fist bump across the aisle, right? Is this not registering to you? I get a Mike Tyson fist bump. [crowd cheers] Yeah. I can feel his powers transferring from his hand into mine. I m like, Oh, shit. That s crazy, right? I m so happy. And then a few seconds later, I feel a bear paw on my shoulder. And I turn, and Tyson is standing above me. – I m like, Jesus Christ! – [laughter] Immediately he leans down and he whispers in my ear so nobody else can hear, and he goes, I ve been watching a lot of Netflix. – That s it. That s all he said. – [laughter] Dude, I never thought that sentence could be terrifying. [laughter] And now he s just looking at me like, Now you say something, bitch. Ya know? I was like, I never turn it off. It s the best. I don t know what to say. He goes, Now I recognize you. And I go, What? And he holds up the DVD. And I go, I just gave that to you. And he goes, It s the same picture that s on Netflix. And I go, Oh, yeah. That s the same picture. He goes, I know who you are. I go, That s crazy. And he goes, Give me your phone number. And I go, What?! I give him my number, we land. I fucking run off the plane. Okay? It s like… too much weird shit for one day. The next day, I m sitting in my hotel room, and I get a text message from Mike Tyson. [cheers and applause] You know what it says? – Where s your show? – [laughter] And I go, The Pittsburgh Improv.  Where s that? I fucking Google it. [laughter] I send it to him, and the phone rings. Hey, Tom. And I go, ‘Sup, Champ? [cheers and applause] He goes, We re coming to your show tonight, brother. And I go, That s fucking crazy! He goes, Yeah, we wanna watch you do your work. And I go, Well, I m honored. And he goes, It s all love. [laughter] I know what he s saying. I know the expression. And I just want to reciprocate, but I— I don t know what to do. And I m super nervous, and I just go, I love you. [laughter] And he goes, Mmm, good luck at your show. And he hangs up the phone. Seattle, you re the best. Thank you so much. Thank you very much. [cheers and applause] Appreciate it. Thank you. [up-tempo music playing]

JIM JEFFERIES@FREEDUMB@2016@[rock music playing] [audience cheering] [Jim Jefferies] Thank you. Oh, my God. Sit down. [audience continues cheering] All right. Get down, get down. We got jokes to tell. Come on. [chuckles] All right, let s start this shit. Bill Cosby. [audience laughing] Now, I don t know if you get all the news here in Nashville… but I may say something that s very upsetting to many of you. It turns out that Bill Cosby is a rapist. [audience laughing] I know. I always used to watch him on the telly as a kid, and I always used to think to myself… Ah, I bet he doesn t rape. But… [audience laughing] I ve been wrong before and I ll be wrong again, cause it turns out that his favorite thing is rape. He fucking loves raping people. Now, think about your favorite thing. You might be into sports, gardening, golf. I don t know what the fuck you re into. Now think about it. Now replace it… with rape. [audience laughing] And that s how Bill Cosby feels all day, every day. Now, I did this routine in Australia, and they wrote a horrible review of the show. And I hate that people forget that I m a comedian and that I m joking. But I have to do this little public service announcement before I do this routine. [breathes deeply] I believe, in many ways, rape is wrong. [audience laughing] I believe, when possible, you should always avoid raping people. If you leave the show this evening, and you re thinking about raping someone, Jim Jefferies says no. [audience cheering and applauding] But Bill Cosby wouldn t listen to me, would he? Fuck! ‘Cause he fucking loves raping. Sixty women have come forward. Sixty women. It s a big number, isn t it? Sixty. Actually, a little bit too big. The real number is 52. But I can say what I want up here, so I just rounded it up to 60. Who gives a fuck, right? Plus, I m of the opinion, after you rape 20, same prison time, keep raping, I say. So… Seventy women have come forward, all right? What happened is, your Whoopi Goldbergs of this world, when the accusations first came out, they were like, Oh, I don t know if I believe all these women. They re trying to ruin his legacy, or some bullshit like that. ‘Cause these rapes happened in the 70s and the 80s, and they said, What took these women so long to come forward? It s a good question. I think it s because, as rapes go… they weren t the worst rapes, now, were they? He never held them down and fucking raped them. He used to drug them and finger them a bit. And I ve had worse Christmases with uncles. What I m trying to say is this. If I was ever going to be raped, I d like to be raped by Bill Cosby. [audience laughing] ‘Cause I ve been such a big fan of his for so many years, it would just be wonderful to meet him. How else would I get to meet him, you know? Of course, you know, we re in the same business. Comedy. [audience laughing] So anyway, he d drug the girls drinks and they d pass out. Now, I don t know the plight of the attractive female. I don t know the hell they go through on a daily basis. But I do know this. If someone drugged my drink, I would take it as a compliment. I d be in the bar going, I m getting sleepy. Who likes me? Who is it? So he drugs the drink, and then you pass out for about four hours, then you wake up and you re like, What the fuck happened? And the first thing you would see is that hysterical face of his. And he d have a couple of fingers in you. And he d be going… [imitating Bill Cosby] With the fingering, and the drugging, and the raping and the fingering. Tell me your first reaction wouldn t be laughter. You d be driving home before the fingering upset you. You d be in your car going, Bill Cosby! That was really something! No, he shouldn t have fingered me. That was wrong. Now… I did that comedy routine, which is… I was joking just then. I did that in Australia, and they wrote a very nasty article about me with the headline, You Cannot Joke About Rape. – [grunts] – [audience laughing] Turns out you can. I just fucking did it. And I think we can all agree that I nailed it. [audience cheering and applauding] You can joke about anything. A joke doesn t mean intent. It doesn t mean you ve actually done it. What this lady did was she wrote an article about me, and she did a transcript of the actual routine in the article, wrote down every word I said. Now, I hate this. And I ll tell you why. Because my whole skill in life is being able to say horrible things and still seem likable. [audience laughing] You take the whole… [grunts] out of it. See, if you read my material… it s a bad read. [audience laughing] If you just read, As rapes go, they weren t…  Oh, my God! See, then she started to write and say things like, It is Jim Jefferies opinion that women should be happy when they re drugged. Not my opinion. It was a joke I said, not my opinion. Not something that I think, something that I think is funny. There is a big fucking difference between things that I think and things that I think are funny to say. If you wanna know, my actual opinion is this. I don t wanna be raped by Bill Cosby. [audience laughing] He s a horrible fucking man and should go to prison. That s what my real opinion is. But if I came out and said that, you d go, Oh, Jim s lost his edge. [audience laughing] See, people started protesting in front of the show, and people stopped showing up. Even though the shows were sold out because I was being deemed a rapist or something. Yeah, okay. You know who never had someone protest their gigs because of their material? Bill Cosby! ‘Cause you gotta give it to Bill. What a dignified man. He never said the swear words. He never lowered himself… to my level. What a class act he is. [audience cheering and applauding] ‘Cause that s why people went to see Bill Cosby, cause they wanted to see a good, clean, wholesome comedian… who rapes… rather than a person like myself, who is just going to say horrible things… and rapes very occasionally, like, hardly… I also got backlash for my last special, BARE, which is also on Netflix. [stutters] I did a lot of misogynistic jokes on that special. I m not gonna hide behind it. I said a lot of misogynistic things on BARE, and I got a lot of complaint letters. And, look, I find it weird because… BARE was my fifth special, and I feel like I ve been misogynistic on all my specials… and I haven t gotten a complaint letter till now. It just proves that, with women, you really have to fucking repeat yourself before they ll listen. [audience applauding] I… I ll defend a misogynistic joke as I defended the rape joke, as I ll defend any jokes. It s… I m joking. This is a performance. I m an entertainer. This isn t a TED Talk. You re not meant to take any of this fucking seriously. The only time the hate mail bothers me… is when it s directed at my girlfriend or they write to her directly, the mother of my child. People will write to her on Twitter or whatever, and say, You have no self-respect going out with Jim Jefferies. And I hate that. ‘Cause she knows that. She… She doesn t need you people bothering her. She has fucking chores to do. Now… [audience laughing] I got my girlfriend pregnant after knowing her for six weeks. I feel… Yeah, no, it s not good, six weeks. I think she wants to get married, and the reason I think that is cause she says that a lot. And I don t want to get married. Everyone in my life is pressuring me into getting married. I hate when my mother rings me up and goes, Why don t you marry the girl? You have a child with her. And I m like, Yeah, I ve got a kid. An 18-year commitment. I ve signed onto that like a bad fucking phone contract. I m a great dad. I got 15 years left, then I m fucking off. But marriage is until death. It s a shit contract. Hundred years ago, the life expectancy of an American was 52. Now it s 83. Fuck that! [audience laughing] I ve got a life to live! If I was gonna die at 52, sure, let s have some company. I would have got married in the Dark Ages, when 50% of women died during childbirth. I would have rolled the dice on that bad boy. But she works out every day and she eats kale just to spite me. Six weeks, she got pregnant. Six weeks! I feel like I missed out on something. Six weeks is very quick to get pregnant. I missed out on the new girlfriend. The new girlfriend s the best time of your life. That first three months of the new boyfriend or girlfriend, the new relationship, where the person s fucking perfect. And you re like, Oh, my God… I love this person. After a month, you re like, This… You re drinking with her like, She s drinking beer. Do you wanna watch Star Wars? And she s like, I do. And you re like, Fucking hell! Yeah, and she s getting along with your friends. Your mother s like, I think she s the one. You go, I think she s the one as well. ‘Cause women can hold the psycho down for three months. For three months, they can walk around like a functioning member of society. Showing up at your work parties and not crying. At three months and one day, you come out of the shower, and she s huddled over your phone like Gollum. Just… [audience laughing] So I went from the new girlfriend, best feeling in the world, to dating a pregnant chick. Now, no one has ever said this and never recorded anything like this. No one s ever said it in a public forum. But the pregnant are the worst people on Earth. [audience laughing] For some reason, society has told us that they have some type of glow or some shit. The pregnant are a bunch of cunts, the pregnant. [audience cheering] They… They cry when they re happy, when they re sad. You don t know what fucking cry… And you ever tried fighting with a pregnant person in a public place? [exclaims] [audience laughing] Doesn t matter how right you are. Me and Kate, she was seven months pregnant, were walking around the supermarket, right? Walking around… and I got some Coco Pops to put in the trolley. Now, you call them Cocoa Krispies in this country. How different our cultures are. And… I put the Coco Pops in the shopping cart. Trolley. And, uh… And Kate picked them up and put them back on the shelf. It was very confusing cause I d never seen Coco Pops go in the opposite direction. [audience laughing] And my brain skipped a bit, and I went, Uh… [exhales] I think you made a mistake there, Kate. And I went to get them back, and she goes, You re not having them. And I went, But I… I always have them. And she went, You re getting fat. [audience laughing] So I did my drop-the-mic moment. I picked up the Coco Pops and went… And she snapped and went, Do you want me to lose this baby? And I went, Um, fuck, that was quick! Of course I do. You re a fucking nightmare! You ever been in a bar at 4:00 a.m., talking to some guy, and he s telling you how shitty his life is? And he s like, My dad, my dad s an asshole. Didn t even know my dad. Walked out on my mum when she was pregnant with me. And I used to think, What a dick. And now I m like… [grunts] [audience laughing] I m sure he had his reasons. Who am I to judge, eh? So she gets pregnant. We got to go to these baby classes. We go to baby classes at the hospital, where they teach you how to put nappies on and shit. And you swaddle. You ve got [stutters] the dummy, and you swaddle it. And then the lady goes, That s a good swaddle. And you go, I thought it was. I ve been practicing. Most of it s watching videos from the 80s. They put on actual videos. You re meant to watch and learn how to parent. One of the videos we watched was called Don t Shake the Baby. Don t Shake the Baby is 40 minutes long. You don t need to watch Don t Shake the Baby. All the information you need is in the title. Who picks up a copy of Don t Shake the Baby and thinks to themselves, Oh… maybe there s more to this. [stutters] But what if I m really angry? What if I m shaking my wife and she s holding the baby? The course was basically a Tupperware party. Trying to sell us shit. And we bought a car seat, and a stroller, and this thing you put the bottle in that steams and sterilizes it. If you don t have the steamy, sterilizey machine, you gotta boil the bottles, and that s a pain in the ass. All right, here s a tip. You don t have to sterilize baby bottles. I stopped sterilizing Hank s bottles after two days. I told Kate I was still doing it. But I wasn t. And I ll tell you why. Because 80% of the time, he s being breast-fed. And we never sterilize those tits. We never had a special steamy, cleany machine for the tits. In fact, for the first three weeks after the birth, her cunt was all fucked up, so I used to jack off on the tits. And he d wake up – and have a midnight feeding. – [audience laughing] And what I m saying is, no one s dead, are they? Like… Sure, he gets cold sores and whatnot. But… he s different. He s a unique little boy. Leave him alone! So anyway… when you impregnate a person that you don t know particularly well, sometimes, when it comes to parenting, you re not on the same page. So me and Kate were watching 60 Minutes, or 20/20 or something, and they were doing a story on vaccination, and I turned to Kate and said, People who don t vaccinate their kids are a pain in the ass. And Kate said, Hank s not vaccinated. And I went, Oh, fuck. You know when someone says something and your brain goes, That s gonna take up a lot of your time ? ‘Cause the dynamic of our relationship is this. I go on the road and tell jokes to make the family money. She s meant to stay home and make sure that Hank doesn t die. And, between me and you, I think she s doing a shit job. And I said, Why isn t he vaccinated? And she goes, I think it leads to autism. And I went, Oh, what medical evidence do you have that it leads to autism? And she said, Jenny… And I said, Don t even fucking say ‘McCarthy. Don t even say it, cause that s not evidence, that s Jenny McCarthy. I have nothing against the woman. She s a comedian and a Playmate. They re my two favorite types of people. But I don t get my medical advice from them. It s one of my things. And she went, But her son s autistic. And I went, Is he? Is he really? Or is he just Jenny McCarthy s kid? [audience cheering] All right. Did we expect a member of Mensa to fall out of that woman? And she said, What difference does it make? No one gets smallpox. No one gets polio. It s frustrating when they say that, because you re like, [mockingly] Because of fucking vaccination. [normal voice] I said, And furthermore, my mother had polio. That s true, Gunta had polio. My mother can work polio into any conversation. You ll be having dinner with my mother and she ll go, Ah… maybe I will have some chocolate cake. ‘Cause I couldn t when I was young. I had polio. I believe that my mother secretly loves the fact that she had polio, cause polio does a lot of heavy lifting for her shit personality. [audience laughing] Anyway, so we fought, and we fought, and we fought, and I didn t win. Can t win every argument. Hank s not getting vaccinated. So cut to three weeks later, we re doing Season 2 of Legit, and I had to do a medical… – [man whistles] – Oh, thank you. [audience applauding] Um… I think we were the only ones who liked it. I, uh… We re doing Season 2 of Legit, and the network are trying to insure me for $8 million. That s how much a season costs. So I have to do a studio physical. And they re insuring me in case I die, cause the show would ve ended. Or if I got some mental problem and started stabbing people. That would also be a problem. It s like a three-hour physical. I m jogging on treadmills, and psychological tests… I m jogging on this treadmill with all these things on me and this tube coming out of my mouth. I get off, and the doctor s writing something down. And I thought, I ll slip it into conversation, and I went, Hey. It s, um… It s not that important to vaccinate kids, is it? And she went, Only if you want them to live. Right? [chuckling] She didn t even look up, right? And I said, Are you serious? And she goes, Let me put it this way. I would not let my children play with an unvaccinated child. So I thought, That s all the information I need. So behind Kate s back… and this is super illegal… and involves forging her signature three times… I booked Hank in to get all of his shots on one day, which the doctor didn t recommend, but I m a busy guy. [audience laughing] Now, I was about to come home to pick up Hank to take him to get his vaccination shots. I knew that Kate was going to be home with Hank, so I knew we were about to have the biggest fight ever. You know when you re about to fight with your partner, but they don t know you re about to have a fight, so you have the upper hand? So what you do is, you think horrible shit about that person all day, so in case they cry, you can enjoy yourself. [audience laughing] No matter what happens, I will always say this. Kate is the nicest human being I have ever met. For niceness, I can t fault her. [stutters] She is just a good soul. She only sees the good in people. She will never say a bad word about another human being. And… so it s weird. So I m driving home, I m trying to think bad thoughts about the nicest person on Earth, and it s really difficult. So I m in my car like, Fucking Kate. Who the fuck does she think she is, fucking… keeping the house nice? Fucking bitch. She left that plate in the sink. That was a fucking nightmare. I remember that. Oh, no, that was me. I did that. But she cleaned it up, and that s enabling, and that s fucking bullshit right there. So I came back just fucking steaming. All right, here we fucking go. Game s on. I come home, she s sitting down, lovingly playing with our child, and she looks up and she goes, Hey, honey! And I went, Don t… fucking ‘honey me! And she said, What s wrong? And I said, I ll tell you what s right! Hank s getting vaccinated today, and there s nothing you can do! And I pick up Hank, and she starts screaming. He s one, so he s super attached to his mother. And he s like, Mummy, Mummy! I m like, Your mum can t fucking help you now! [audience laughing] I go out to where the car s parked. I throw him in. I m doing him up in his seat. Kate comes out and she starts slapping my back. I m like, Get the fuck off me! She dramatically falls to the ground. I look up, and two of the neighbors are out of their houses. They re quintessentially watching me kidnap a child and beat up my girlfriend. [audience laughing] And I m too far gone now, so I doubled down and went, Get back in your fucking houses! Then I put him in his seat. I got in the driver s seat and I fucking fishtailed out of there. And Kate s on her knees and she screams out, Fine! But if he becomes autistic, it s on you! And I thought, Would she consider that a win? So anyway… I take Hank off. I get him all of his shots. I bring him home. And he s definitely autistic now. [audience laughing] It s like night and day, like, the kid before the shots and the kid after… Before the shots, he was this lively kid, afterwards, I brought him home, he s sitting in the corner, going… [screaming] And I m like, Oh, fuck! Oh, fuck, fuck, fuck. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. Oh… Oh, Kate s gonna notice this. [audience laughing] And so, I did whatever I did when I knew I was in trouble. I lie. So I put Hank in a BabyBjörn. He s hanging off me like… [screams] hanging off my chest. ‘Cause I couldn t let him have alone time with Kate, cause Kate would see it right away. I know what you re thinking. I couldn t keep that up forever. But I did have a plan. What I was gonna do was, right, I was gonna stand near a door that I knew Kate was gonna come through. Look what you did! Like that. Okay, so anyway, I am making light of a situation… that was… it was horrible, man. [stutters] It s nice to make jokes about it now, but at the time I was distraught. I didn t sleep for three days. I couldn t eat. My brain was on a loop. I was so wired… I was rocking back and forth. Your kid s autistic. It s all your fault. [mumbles] So anyway, cut to three days later. I go to the doctor to get the results of my physical, and Hank s dangling off me. [groans] And… the doctor comes in and goes, How are we today, Mr. Jefferies? And I said, Not good. [stutters] You told me to vaccinate Hank. You said, ‘Vaccinate kid, good. But this is not good. [stutters] This used to be a good kid. Look at this. Fucking shit kid. [audience laughing] And she goes, Can you calm down? I said, No, I can t, I haven t slept for three days. I m wired, my brain s on a loop, and I can t turn it off… because my kid s autistic. It s all my fault. [repeating] My kid s autistic. It s all my fault. My kid s autistic. It s all my fault. [breathes heavily] And she looked at my chart and said, Now… you know that you have a tendency to overreact because you re on the spectrum.  You fucking what, when?  You know, how you have little empathy, you don t listen when others talk, and you don t make eye contact.  I ve heard about the eye contact. She goes, There s nothing wrong with Hank. He s just drugged out right now. You gave him all of his shots in one day, which I didn t recommend. [audience laughing] Now… [audience applauding] It s true that the next day, Hank was back to his normal self. There s nothing wrong with Hank. But it turns out that I m autistic. [audience laughing] I don t know. I don t know if I believe it, cause the spectrum is very broad. Like, 1% to Ben Carsons or something. – Uh… – [audience laughing] So I don t know. I think a lot of times, people just diagnose personalities. I m a bit of a dick. Can t we just… [chuckles] But it s weird. I was 36 when they told me that. It s weird when you find out that you re autistic at 36. ‘Cause it s big news for me. [belches] And then I rang up everyone I knew and told them, and no one was surprised. [audience laughing] I rang up me mum, and I left a message on her voice machine like this, Mum, you gotta call me back! I have the biggest news ever! And my mum rang me back and went, You re getting married. And I went, No! I m autistic! And she went, Oh, everyone knows you re autistic. It s not that bad. When I was a child, I had polio. [audience laughing] [audience cheering] Hank, though… Hank… Hank s a smart kid. I think he s smart, cause he s the only kid I know. [stutters] I don t hang out with other kids. He s just turned three, but when he was two, we put him into school. When he was two, my friends used to come over all the time, and I was such a proud father that I d be like, Hank s a genius. They re like, How do you know? I m like, What s that? Hank would go, Red fire truck. I d be like, Damn fucking straight, it s a red fire truck. I taught him that, ‘Red fire truck.  Anyway, we put him into this preschool for two-year-olds. It was a fancy one in Hollywood. It costs a lot of money, but the school is kind of cool. They teach him how to swim. They toilet train him. They got this great big turtle that walks amongst the kids like a shitty Jurassic Park. And on the first day, we went there to meet the other parents, the teachers, and the other students and everything. So I show up early. Me and Hank at the school. And we got there early, like an hour before everyone else. And we re there, the turtle walks by, I m with Hank, and I went, Hank, that s a turtle. Can you say ‘turtle ? And then this kid walks up and goes, Hi, I m Simon.  All right. Hello, Simon. And he goes, Actually, I m Simon III. I m the third Simon. My dad s a Simon. His dad s a Simon, that s my grandfather. So, one, two, three, third Simon.  All right.  When I grow up, I wanna be a baseball player. I can t decide which team because Mum likes the Angels and Dad likes the Dodgers. So, there s a bit of conflict at home.  How old are you, Simon? Simon did not give me his age. Simon gave me his date of birth. And it turned out that Simon was three months younger than Hank. And I turned and I looked at my fucking idiot son. [audience laughing] And Hank went, Turtle! [audience laughing] And I said, Yes, Hank, that s a turtle. And then Simon went… That s a tortoise. [audience laughing] I didn t know that before. Turns out that tortoises just live on the land, and turtles live in the water and on the land. Simon taught me that! [audience laughing] See, one of my old jokes has come back to haunt me. If you re a dumb cunt… [audience laughing] [audience cheering] …and your wife or your husband is a dumb cunt… guess what your fucking kids are? Let s just say that Kate s not a scientist. See, I go to these school events and I meet the other parents, and I get intimidated when I meet educated people cause I m not super educated. So, whenever I meet this guy, Simon II, that fucking cunt, right? Simon III s dad. He s a thoracic surgeon and his wife s a pediatrician. And I m chatting to the fucking Simons, right? And I can t keep up with the conversation, but I don t wanna sound dumb, so I just say shit. We re talking about politics or something, and I just went, just trying to keep up, I went, Ah… I reckon they should try to catch that Benghazi guy. [audience laughing] And then, everyone looks at me like I m an idiot, and I went… And Simon II goes, Jim, I didn t catch… What do you do for a living there, Jim? And I went, Um… I m a comedian. And he goes, Oh, me and my wife, we just love comedy. We d love to catch one of your shows sometime.  You wouldn t like it… [audience laughing] He goes, What type of comedy do you do?  Um… [huffs] Like, um… [sighs] I say ‘cunt more than anyone else. – I… – [audience cheering] I… I m sort of known for saying ‘cunt. Seven years ago, when I did my first comedy special in America, the word ‘cunt was banned in every comedy club in America, and then I said ‘cunt loads on television, and now, people can say ‘cunt in comedy clubs. So, I m… [audience cheering and applauding] Basically… basically, I m the Rosa Parks of ‘cunt.  [audience laughing and cheering] [chuckles] Now, at this school, they do toilet train him, right? But I m not happy, cause it s just female staff and they re teaching every child to do sit-down wees. It s all right for the girls, but the boys should do a stand-up wee. They shouldn t be doing sit-down wees. Now, I like a sit-down wee as much as the next man… but there is a place and a time for it. These are the only times you should do sit-down wees. You always have to be at your house. You can t do it in other people s houses. It s weird. You have to be at your house and drunk. And then you ll be like, Oh, I m gonna have a lovely sit-down wee. Oh, yeah, I ll… I ll treat meself. Whoa. [chuckles] I ll go back downstairs in a second. I won t fall asleep. Stay awake. Come on, have a little sit-down wee. And the other time you can have a sit-down wee is if you wake up in the middle of the night and you wanna go to the toilet, but you don t wanna turn the light on because it ll hurt your eyes and you ll wake up too much. [audience applauding] So, what you do is, out of respect, so you don t piss everywhere, you have a sit-down wee. And that s always a sleepy… All right, you lovely wee. And because you re sitting, sometimes your asshole goes, – Are we pooing? – [audience laughing] And you re like, No, we re not pooing. We re just having a sit-down wee. I m sorry.  Oh, I thought we were pooing.  No, no, no. We ll see you in the morning, asshole. [chuckling] And I want him to be good at the sit-down wee. It s important to me. Because… Do you remember when you were about seven? A weirdly sort-of-old-age like seven, and all the boys at school would go to have a piss. They d walk up, and undo their belt, undo their fly, pull out their dick, and have a piss. And then there was that one kid, for whatever reason, had to have his pants and his underwear down by his ankles. [audience laughing and applauding] And he d stand there with his asshole hanging out of the bottom of his shirt. This is how I ve always done it. [chuckles] Yeah, Hank, he got toilet-trained just under the wire, cause he s three now, and he got toilet-trained just before his birthday. You wanna be toilet-trained before you turn three. After that, it gets weird. There s people in the crowd who have a 4-year-old who isn t toilet-trained. And you re feeling shame right now, I know, cause I have friends with 4-year-olds… See, this is the rule in life. You re allowed to shit your pants in the first and the last three years of your life. Everything else gets odd, right? Now, a 4-year-old shouldn t be shitting their pants cause you can have a conversation with a 4-year-old. And you should never be able to have a conversation with someone who s shitting their pants. So my mates are over my house. I ve got pinball machines. We re playing pinball, and his son walks up, and, dead set, this was the conversation. His son walks up like this. Hey, Dad. You re gonna have to change me, mate. I just shit my pants. [audience laughing] And the dad was so embarrassed, he was like, Don t! Stop that! Oh! Can you please stop shitting your pants? And the son responded like this… Are we gonna have this argument every time? [audience laughing] So I went to Kate, cause he was about to turn three, and I said, Kate, Hank s gotta stop shitting his pants. So, she read a book, and comes to me with this information. You have to start shitting in front of Hank. And I went, I don t wanna shit in front of Hank. What have I gotta shit in front of Hank for? She goes, It says in the book that he s a caveman, if he s left to his own devices, he ll shit in his hand and chuck it at us. [audience laughing] And she goes, He s like, ‘Monkey see, monkey do. He s gotta see someone using the seat. He s gotta see someone using the toilet paper… You know, that type of stuff. And I said, Why don t you shit in front of Hank? She goes, He has to see the cock and balls, or he ll get confused. For a while there, I was shitting in front of Hank. Man, it was a big adjustment for me. ‘Cause my shits used to be these quiet, dignified affairs. I d be watching the TV, I d feel a shit come on… [audience laughing] I d leave to the bathroom… I d have my shit, I d come back into the living room, and nine times out of ten, I wouldn t even tell anyone where I d been. [audience laughing] But then, my shits became like family events. I d feel a shit come on… All right, everyone! Daddy s got a shit in the chamber! Who wants to come and see a professional at work? Anyway, I chickened out of it for like two weeks. I wouldn t shit in front of Hank. Then, I got the guts. So me and Kate are watching TV. The TV is there. We re on the couch. Hank s over there playing with his toys. And I feel a shit come on. [audience chuckling] I ve got one. And she said, I think it s time. [whispers] Okay. [normal voice] G day, mate. You re coming with me. And we went into the toilet, and I shut the door, and I pulled me pants and me underwear down. Now, he knew it wasn t a normal day. [audience laughing] He looked very upset. And I m fucking autistic. [scattered applause] Neither of us were making eye contact. We were both… So I thought, I better get down to business. And I looked at him, I said, Oh, all right, son… first things first. You gotta tuck your cock and balls between your legs so that your penis is facing downwards. Because where there is poo, there will always be wee. Now, because you re a Jefferies, we don t have what they call ‘big penises. [audience laughing] So, what you do is, you put your legs a little bit together like that… to stop your penis from popping back up. [chuckles] You re seeing it, aren t you? Yeah. You see how I look like Mummy now? Yeah, yeah. [audience laughing] Yeah, it s funny, isn t it? It s funny. Yeah, yeah. You don t know what I do for a living, son. You don t know, but I tell jokes. I write jokes, you know. It s always upset me that no matter how hard I try, I ll never write anything as funny as a man putting his cock and balls between his legs… and saying, ‘I m a lady, I m a lady. In fact, if you re ever at a party and you feel like things aren t going your way… get behind a tree and take your pants and underwear off, tuck your cock and balls between your legs, and jump out at a woman and go, ‘I m a lady! Like that. [laughing] Yeah, yeah, it s good. See? Well, you know, you ll make more friends than you ll lose. [audience laughing] Now… over the course of the last six to eight months, [stammers] my career has changed somewhat. Audiences have definitely changed. It used to just be white guys the same age as me. Now, if you look around, it s pretty 50-50, men and women. Age groups, races… It s all changed. And all because of the gun control routine. So the gun control routine… [audience cheering] got… got seen on so many different platforms, and all this stuff, put up and taken down… that it s actually been seen five times more than anything else I ve done in my career. So I m mostly known for that now. Which is strange, cause people are coming onto the shows cause you re hoping that I ll do some political satire, or some social commentary or something Carlinesque… and how disappointing this evening s performance must be. I just did 25 minutes on pooing. [audience laughing] Now, the gun control routine has been shown in most news outlets. It was shown in the New Yorker as an article. It was shown in the Washington Post as an article. It was shown on CNN as news. And it was shown on Fox for different reasons. [audience laughing] It s also been… it s also now shown to the law students in Yale. Like they re meant to learn something or some shit. Now, I appreciate all these things. It s very nice. I don t know if I deserve these accolades, or whatever the fuck they re called, because, I m gonna be honest with you… Um… I made some of the statistics up. All right! [stammering] This isn t real. Now, I made two things up. Now, I stand by everything I said in the gun control routine, because most of the things I said were common sense about safes and the guns in Australia, and that was correct. I made two statistics up. Two little ones. So, I m gonna fess up right now. The first one is this. If you have a gun, you re 80% more likely to be shot by a gun. I don t know, maybe. [audience laughing] That sounds like a thing, doesn t it? And the other one was, uh… The average security guard in America earns $16 an hour. Not a lot of wiggle room to be a fucking hero. It turns out that the average security guard in America earns $14 an hour. I d like to apologize for those extra $2. Now, it s very weird cause, over the course of my 15-year career, I ve said horrible things about religion. That if you are religious, you believe in God, that you ve wasted your life. And over the course of 15 years, from religious groups, I have received seven pieces of hate mail. Seven. Very manageable. [audience laughing] I write back. And I thought that religious people were the nuttiest cunts on the planet. And that was until I gave my opinion on the Second Amendment. Fuck me. [audience laughing] I had no idea what crazy was [chuckling] until I fucking just poked that hornet s nest with a stick. [grunts] I got something to say. Because on a quiet day, I receive 20 to 40 pieces of hate mail from gun people. On a quiet day. Keep up. – I, uh… – [audience laughing] [scoffs] Twenty to forty pieces of hate mail, and it s always the same. They always read exactly the same way, etcetera. Now, I m in a unique position. Because of the hate mail that I receive on a daily basis, because I ve become the pinup boy for gun control… I can tell you, down to the hour, when an American gun owner is happy and when they re sad. ‘Cause they don t send me hate mail when they re sad. Like, when there s a massacre in a school, it s a very quiet day for me. Or some 4-year-old shoots their mum in the head, they re like, [mumbling] I m not gonna write anything today. But the day that I received the most amount of hate mail, when I received 782 pieces of hate mail, and it kind of sickened me a bit when it happened, was the day of the Paris shootings, where 128 people died. And that, to a real fanatical gun person in America, that was the best day ever. They were so happy because the French have extremely strict gun laws, and then people went and shot everyone. And so, I got letters that read like porn, like they were from Penthouse Forum. And every letter read the same way. Like, See? It happens in every country. [audience laughing] It s not just us. It s not just us. If they had more guns, maybe they could ve protected themselves. [audience cheering] Now, I m not going to get into another debate about whether they had guns or don t have guns, cause this is all… No one knows. No one was in that situation. And then, some people went as far to say that I was a supporter of ISIS. – Now… – [audience laughing] I don t like ISIS. I hate ISIS as much as the next man. [loud cheering] Now… I ll tell you the problem with ISIS. The problem with ISIS is… [audience laughing] is… you never see them laughing. They re not a jovial bunch. That s what religion does. Religious people are always miserable. [groaning] They re just such miserable cunts, the ISIS. You never one of them… When they do the videos before a beheading, and the guy is like, [mock Arabic accent] Before I behead this man, a little bit about me… [audience laughing] I, well, I like Muhammad. Oh, shit, fuck! I love Muhammad. I love… I enjoy beheading people, of course. I like beheading people. And, uh, I like the comedy of Aziz Ansari. I like it. [audience laughing] I like Aziz. He s a crazy guy with modern-day problems. [normal voice] Thank fuck the ISIS don t drink! You don t want drunk ISIS. You don t want some cunt waking up with seven heads in his bed, like, What the fuck did I do last night? [audience laughing] His friend comes in and goes, [mock Arabic accent] You were so fucked up last night! We were out drinking, and by the way, I was joking… There was some guy doodling on a napkin, and I was like, ‘Hey, he s drawing Muhammad, and you fucking lost your shit, man! [normal voice] So… politically, this country is in a very delicate situation at the moment. [chuckling] It could go either fucking way. You got… you got two parties. You got the Democrats and Republicans. And all they do is talk about two subjects over and over again. As long as they talk about these two subjects, they re fucking you up the ass with other things that you don t notice because you re so fucking… And the rest of the world isn t as fixated… Okay, two subjects. Abortion, guns. Abortion, guns. Right? And so, the Democrats, they wanna have gun restrictions, and they don t care about abortion. And the Republicans, they hate abortion, and they love guns. And so, we ve got a problem here, right? Because the Democrats are like, Come on, you don t need a machine gun, and you know you don t. And if your dad fucks you, you don t have to keep that. That s cool. [audience cheering] And the Republicans are like, All life is precious, unless it steps on my property. [audience laughing] [audience cheering] And then… you got Donald Trump. Now… every time I ve recorded a special… The other specials I ve recorded in America have been in New York, San Francisco and Boston. And everyone s called me a fucking pussy… with my liberal agenda. Well, I m in fucking Nashville right now. [audience cheering] And if you wanna shoot me, now is the perfect time. [chuckling] There s eight cameras on me. [audience laughing] [man whoops] I think we re good. I think we re good. Isn t it sad that the country has gotten to the stage that when you buy theater tickets, you go, Get ones in the aisle, so we can run ? Everyone wanted to get the middle. We re like, No, you re sitting ducks in the middle… So anyway, Donald Trump. Now, don t get me wrong. He s a lot of fun. [audience laughing] And there s a little bit of me… [stuttering] There s a little bit of me that thinks… Fuck it, let s do it. [audience laughing] Let s do it and see how fucking crazy shit can get. [audience laughing] Because he s just… because what happens is, he says really simple shit that means nothing, and then, fucking dummies… right? If you ve ever said this sentence, I like him because he s a straight talker, you re as dumb as shit. [audience laughing] [audience cheering and applauding] This… Just because someone says something simple that you understand… doesn t mean they re a straight talker. You can say a complex thing and be telling the truth. But, because he goes, I m gonna make America great again. And you re like, I got every word in that sentence. [audience laughing] He s like, I m gonna build a wall.  I have a wall at home. You re a straight talker. And then he just says shit… that… it won t happen. Gonna build a wall and Mexico s gonna pay for it. Who… I haven t heard a Mexican yet go, Ah, yeah, we got this. What are you talking about? What the fuck are you talking about? That s just saying shit. He s like a kid running for class president, who s just walking around, going, And we re gonna have two lunches. – And… – [audience cheering] there s gonna be a soda machine in every classroom. Nashville football rules! But here s where it doesn t get fun. And that s all. It s good fun. But here s where it s not fun, right? What he does is, he preys on fear. As soon as he… In the beginning, it was, Oh, Mexicans, they re coming over and raping. And then there was a terrorist attack, and he went, Oh, fuck, I ll go after the Muslims. We should kill the families of Muslims. Which, by the way, you re not allowed to do. And then he started saying, after the Paris attacks, We should put every Muslim on a register, and we shouldn t let more refugees come from Syria, and the Muslims that live here on a register… [stutters] That means ISIS win. As soon as he says that, ISIS have fucking won. Right? Because their plan to shoot people in Paris, that s not their end plan. They didn t kill 128 people and go, Ah, well, that s done. You know what I mean? It s a recruitment tool. And the recruitment tool can only work if hate is bred. Right? What he does is, he says, Oh, we re gonna ban them. We re not gonna let more in the country. The ones here have to be on a register. Now, you re a 16-year-old boy or girl that s a Muslim living in this country. You ve lived your entire life in this country. You ve always considered yourself American. Then all of a sudden, someone who could be your president says you are not welcome here and that you should be put on a register. Now, that kid… How fucking quickly do you think that kid could be radicalized now? Before, he wasn t gonna be radicalized at all. [audience cheering and applauding] So what he s trying to do is, he s trying to defeat hate with hate. And hate doesn t beat hate. It s never fucking beaten hate. It just makes more hate. Now, this might be the most hippie thing that ever comes out of my mouth… but it s true. The only thing that can beat hate is love. – Now, love doesn t always beat hate, eh? – [audience cheering] It doesn t always beat hate, but it does do something. Right? Now, think about your own personal life. Think about a person who hates you and you hate them. From now on, just show that person nothing but love. I m not saying that that person will start loving you. They ll probably still fucking hate you. But one thing will happen. Eventually, everyone will see them as the asshole. Don t be the asshole, America. Don t be the asshole. [audience cheering and applauding] So… to summarize, you can only beat hate with love. Now, in saying that, I hate Muslims. [audience laughing] Hang on, hang on. I didn t finish me sentence. I hate Muslims, Christians, I hate the Amish, Buddhists, the snake people, Jews. I don t know who I ve missed here. Sikhs. I hate all. Our fight in this world is not against Islam, it s against religion. – Be very clear about this. – [audience cheering] ‘Cause I can tell you this for sure. No one s head has ever been cut off in the name of atheism. No one has ever cut into human flesh, and looked on camera and gone, In the name of nothing! [audience laughing] [audience cheering] Now, let me be clear about this. If you re religious… Some of you might be very nice, but you re slowing us down. [audience laughing] We re trying to move forward, and you re in the fucking way. I m sorry. See, there s a lie that you ll be told throughout your life that will go along the lines of this… We have to save the planet. There s no bigger lie than we have to save the planet. We don t have to save the planet. We have to save us, the human race. The planet does not give a fuck about us, and it will be happy when we re gone. [audience laughing] We are in the planet s way. Have you seen those documentaries where they go, This is what New York will look like one year after the human race dies, and it s all covered in vines and shit? The planet wants us gone. As soon as we re gone, the planet will go, I m gonna do dinosaurs again. Right? Like… So we have to save ourselves in spite of the planet trying to kick us the fuck off. Right? Now, imagine that… the world is a train track and society is a train. As society has always had to do, the train has to move forward. ‘Cause if it stops moving forward, we ll run out of resources around the train cause we ll be stationary. And the gears will lock up, and the vines will take over. So it has to keep going forward. Now, in this train, we have the people in the engine room, who are running the show. And those people in our society who run the show are scientists. These are the people inventing medicines for you to live longer, and surgeries for you to live longer and finding alternative fuel sources. And engineers that are making machines that run more efficiently. Right? Now, all those people are scientists. Now, whether you like it or not, scientists are primarily atheists. And they re in the front carriage, dragging us along. Now, in the second carriage, we have a bunch of cunts that I don t think get fucking enough flak. Agnostics. These fucking wishy-washy fucks. [audience laughing] They re all standing around in the second carriage, going, Who knows? Maybe there is a god. Maybe there isn t a god. Maybe your god and your god are the same god, but… I know there was a Big Bang, but who made the Big Bang? I wouldn t consider myself, you know, religious, but I am spiritual. And… then there s this last carriage, and the last carriage is 50 times bigger than the other two carriages combined. And it s carrying the rest of the population of the human race. And it s filled with cunts wearing hats for reasons they don t know and growing beards because they think they have to. Some of the women are covering their faces and cowering. Everyone s dancing around going, Man on a cloud. Man on a cloud. And there are so many of these cunts that the train is hardly fucking moving! And the people in the engine room are like this… [sighing] If I just pull this peg here… [audience laughing] [inaudible] do you know how fast we d be moving? [chuckles] Oh, well… I m not gonna change people s opinions, I guess. I don t fucking… Now… with the hate mail that I get from the guns, they always start the same way. It always makes me laugh. Every letter starts with, Hey, buddy, you shouldn t even say anything. You re not from here. [audience laughing] That is the weakest argument ever. Okay, as Americans, from now on, don t use that argument. All right? Because you re Americans. It s not like, historically, you ve kept your opinions to yourself. It s not like I ve ever been in a party in the UK and there s an American guy there, and I ve heard this sentence, Jeez, he s a quiet chap. [audience laughing] [chuckling] You re the loudest people on Earth, so… And then they always say this, and this fucking spins me out. Well, I don t expect an Australian to understand freedom. [audience laughing] What are you talking about? You constantly say freedom all the time, like you re… Oh, we re so free. We fight for freedom. Freedom. Come to the freedom lounge at the airport. Like, fucking what? You know when you re singing the national anthem at the baseball and the person holds the note free a little bit longer than they should, until all you Americans fucking come in your pants? ? For the land of the free ? [grunting] [audience laughing] We re so free. Freedom this, freedom that, free, free, free. Now, I hate to break it to you, cause I don t think you know this. [sighing] There are 92 free countries on the planet. Democratic, free countries. You are one of them. Every single English-speaking country on Earth is free, and most of the [clicks tongue] countries are also free. [audience laughing and applauding] Now, you re very free. Don t get upset. And I have a wonderful… I love America. I truly do. I live here and love it. I have nothing against… And none of the things I m about to mention affect you… affect me in any way, right? You may not be the freest place on Earth. [audience laughing] Just a quick example, out of the 92 free countries on the planet, you have the highest rate of incarceration. One percent of your adult population is in prison. That s double that of the country that comes in second, which is South Africa. If you ve ever been to South Africa, South Africa is fucked. [audience laughing] So you re double that of South Africa. [chuckling] So, statistically, in the land of the free, you have the least amount of free people. [audience laughing] Now, this is a super simple one. Super simple argument. In Holland, you can smoke weed whilst fucking a hooker in front of a cop. [audience laughing] How dare Holland not be called the land of the free? Do you honestly think you re competing with Holland? In Canada, just last year, they legalized assisted suicide for the sick, which, I believe, is the biggest freedom of them all. It s your life. No government, no religious group should ever tell you… [audience cheering and applauding] when you get to check out. If you re a pro-life person, good. Do it with your life, not mine. Right? – Now… – [audience cheering and applauding] ‘Cause… Also, I don t think they ve thought about it. I don t think there s even the most evangelical Christian, who s a burn victim, just hanging on to life support in a hospital, just… [gasping] I feel so free. And I m so glad they re doing it in Canada, because if I ever had an assisted suicide, I d want it to be a Canadian doctor. I want some guy rocking up to my house like, [mock Canadian accent] Okay. All righty, then… So I hear that someone s given up on life, eh? All right, let me set up my little death machine here, and I ll… I m gonna put this in your vein, and you re gonna be so sleepy so soon. I tell you what, there. [audience laughing] In Australia, maybe 20 years ago, they legalized prostitution. They thought it d be the downfall of our society, but it wasn t. It was a great thing. In Sydney, where I grew up, the streets always had hookers walking around, there was needles, and it was a very seedy city in some parts. And then they legalized prostitution. They moved all the hookers into brothels. And because they moved into brothels, all the girls had to be tested for STDs. And then, the guys, they could see the tests as they go in, so it was safer for the men. But it was also safer for the women cause they put security in these brothels. So if you showed up like a drunk idiot, they wouldn t let you in. Or if you got aggro, they d kick you the fuck out. So the girls were safer, the men were safer. Human trafficking was all but eliminated. And tax revenue went up. And the divorce rate dropped by 8%. [audience laughing] There is no downside to legalized prostitution. Now, in America, prostitution is illegal… unless you film it. How is that possible? How the fuck is that possible? How do you have the biggest porn industry in the world, and you still have illegal prostitution? Because it is legal to pay a woman for sex, but your friend Dave has to be in the corner with a camera. [audience laughing] And Dave has to film it. And Dave has to promise to put it on the Internet, cause if Dave doesn t, then a crime has been committed. And that girl can be 18 years old. And then, she can be surrounded by ten men that she barely knows, and they can all jack off onto her face until she s glazed with come. [audience laughing] And no crime has been committed. But in America, and only in America, she s too young to have a beer. If anyone deserves a beer… [audience cheering and applauding] in the land of the free, the home of the brave… it s the girl with ten loads of come on her face. In fact, if you have ten loads of come on your face, you should get free drinks wherever you go. [audience laughing] You seem like a fun girl… or a heavy sleeper. [audience laughing] Now… before I go… [sniffs] Um… My son turned three, and my girlfriend made me write him a letter on his third birthday for him to open when he was 18. I don t know fucking why. You know when chicks go, You need to do this thing ? I m like, Why? I have 15 years. Why? But I did it, you know. So I wrote the letter. And I m really bad at writing things on paper. I ve got terrible handwriting. I m basically illiterate and a fucking… And so, I m like, Dear Hank, so you re a man now. I m sure you ve made me very proud. Unless, of course, you re a drug addict or something. Come to think of it, there are many ways to disappoint me. Who knows? I might be dead by now. Or you might be dead, and I m reading this whilst crying. [audience laughing] I, um… So, I m writing the letter, I just… I thought, Little life tips, things that you should do in life. So the next thing I wrote was this. A wise man once said, ‘Try not to be a cunt.  [audience cheering] And then, I just gave him little bits of advice like, If you get a parking ticket, pay it right away. Don t leave it. It s a pain in the ass. And always love your mum. And I mean this. If my son s watching this at 18 right now, watching me perform… No person has ever loved you more than your mother loves you, so you always be good to that woman. – And then… – [audience cheering and applauding] And then, I wrote about… I just thought I d tell him about the good and bad things in my life, and the things I did well and didn t do well. And I ve been very open about this, and I feel like by being open about this, it helps others. I don t know, but I ve always… Fairly severe depression my whole life. Suicidal at times. And, it s a very selfish thing, depression, because I know my life s good and I can t wrap my brain around it. I just… I don t… Right now, my brain s going, Maybe this special isn t as good as the last one. And so, I ve never really enjoyed success. I ve never really had pure happiness like some people do. [stutters] I m such a pessimist. When you meet these people who go, You re such a glass-half-empty sort of guy. I m like, These glass-half-full cunts, fuck them. [audience laughing] You know what I mean? I ve never met a successful glass-half-full cunt. You ll never be anything if you think the glass is half full. If you want to get ahead, walk in the room and go, Why isn t that fucking glass full? Anyway, so I thought about what would make me happy, what would ve made me happy, what makes other people happy. And so I wrote to him, I said, I think the secret to happiness is this. The secret to happiness… is being good-looking. [audience laughing] Now, throughout your life, people will lie to you and say things like ‘kindness, or ‘being good to others, or ‘family or some shit. [audience laughing] The only way to truly be happy in this world is to be good-looking. Now, in this world, we have everything from one, being the ugliest person on Earth, to ten, being the best-looking person on Earth, and we have everything in between. And there s very few ones, very few twos, and very few threes. And four, five, six is the meat of the bell curve. That s where 95% of the population is average-looking. Four, five, six, and seven, eight, nine, ten. Now… I ve been looking out at the audience here. [audience laughing] Uh… Pretty good. Like… I ve spotted an eight. Or what they call an LA six. – I… – [audience laughing] But, uh… I spotted an eight. That s pretty good in Nashville, man. Don t be offended. Tens are super rare. There s never been a ten in my audience, ever. I don t think tens come to things like this. I think tens are sitting at home with other tens going, I m so happy. – Eh? – [audience laughing] And nines are as rare as tens, almost. A nine is just an imperfect ten. A nine is like a ten with a fucked-up toe. [audience laughing] So, an eight s pretty good. Now, regrettably… – there is a two in the audience. – [audience laughing] Now, I m not gonna point you out. – You know who you are. – [audience laughing] There are no ones. Ones are as rare as tens. I ve seen about five ones in my life. They… Ones don t really leave the house. They… – they know they upset the rest of us. – [audience laughing] The only time you catch a one is they re going to a doctor s appointment or something. And it really is upsetting. You walk by, they re normally being lifted out of a minivan with a special crane onto a special chair. And when you see a one, it does ruin your day, doesn t it? You walk by the one and you re like, Oh, fuck me. Oh, that s a fucking one if ever I ve seen one. You get to work and you can t focus, and your boss is like, What s wrong? And you re like, I saw a fucking one, didn t I? And they re like, Oh, it couldn t have been that…  It was that bad! You weren t there! This is bullshit! I was gonna eat today. Now, in case anyone s wondering… and I know you re not… I m a five. The reason I know I m a five is cause, as I said, 95% of the population is four, five, six, an average-looking human being. Now, the reason I know I m a five is this. When I walk past people, nothing happens. [audience laughing] People don t get upset, nor do they get disappointed. We all move on with our lives. I have hair. But it s shit hair. Five! I have teeth. They re a little yellow. They re a little crooked. But they re all there! – Five! – [audience laughing] I have eyes. They do not sparkle. – But they do face in the same direction. – [audience laughing] Five! And because I m a five, that means society has deemed it okay for me and other fives to get into dimly-lit rooms… and we can fuck each other. And no one gets upset. They re like, Oh, it s a couple of fives fucking. Let them have their fun. And we get in there with our average five bodies, like just… My little gut resting on her fucking imperfect floppy ass, and we re just fucking. We re sweating on each other cause neither of us work out. Just grabbing onto an average tit, like… [groaning] And the two of us are thinking about, a seven that we know that we actually want to fuck. I m like, Maybe if she gets depressed or something, I could swoop in there. That would be… ‘Cause us fives, we do not think about the nines and the tens – because we dare not touch the sun. – [audience laughing] Now… I m a minor celebrity, so that means I get to fuck sixes. I fuck the shit out of sixes. People go, He s off the telly. He can fuck a six. Fucked some sevens? Yeah, I fucked some sevens. Couple of eights. One nine! Best day ever. I fucked a nine. Now… I m also a drinker. So… I have fucked some fours… [audience laughing] a shitload of threes… and one two. And when I fucked the two, that was the lowest point in my life. [chuckling] I gave up drinking for 18 months after I fucked the two. That s how important it is to be good-looking. I fucked a two and my whole self-esteem was ruined… Oh, wait, I remember when I fucked the two, I woke up in the… Hey, hang on. I m still writing the letter to my son, by the way. [audience laughing] So, I remember when I fucked the two, Hank. And I woke up… next to her. And I rolled over… I was hungover, like, Oh, what happened? And then I saw her and went, Oh, no! Fuck this! And then… And I went into the fetal position. I started… [groaning] It s a fucking two. That s a two. That s a two. Everybody in this world likes to think they re a good person. Not all of us are good people. We all think we re a good person. And so my brain did this. Come on, Jim. You re better than this. Maybe if you talk to it. [audience laughing] Maybe you ll find out the thing has dreams or feelings. Give that a go. So I rolled over with the best of intentions, like, Hey, do you… Oh, no! Fuck off! No way, man. And she tried to comfort me with her claw, just… [audience laughing] I ll never forget the two. But it s been so long now that I can laugh about it. I do laugh about it. I was in my car, remembering how the two was the worst thing that happened to me. And I was like this… [laughs] Oh, you fucked a two. Classic Jim Jefferies. When will you ever learn? And I was sitting in the car… and I was thinking about how fucking the two… was the worst thing I ve ever done in my life. And then my brain did a horrible thing. My brain went… That s how the nine felt when she woke up next to you. [audience laughing] Ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much. – [audience cheering] – Appreciate it. [chuckling] We ll see you later. [rock music playing]

DAVE CHAPPELLE@THE AGE OF SPIN@2017@his is Dave. He tells dirty jokes for a living. That stare is where most of his hard work happens. It signifies a profound train of thought, the alchemist s fire that transforms fear and tragedy into levity and livelihood. Dave calls that look the trance. ? Play me ? ? Buy me ? ? Workinonit ? ? Tune up ? ? Tune ? ? Oh ? ? Fade me ? ? Ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah ? ? In every ghetto ? ? Ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah ? ? In every ghetto ? ? Ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah ? ? In every ghetto ? ? Ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah ? ? In every ghetto ? ? Ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah ? ? In every ghetto ? ? Ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah ? ? In every ghetto ? ? Ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah ? Thank you! Thank you very much! Thank you all. Oh, wow. That was exciting, wasn t it? Thank you, guys. Have a seat, feel comfortable, relax. I want to thank everyone in LA for a wonderful week. It s been great here. You know what? It s been ten years since the last time I played Los Angeles, if you can imagine. I know! I know, I ve been gone for a very long time. And unbeknownst to you, it was a difficult ten years. I m not gonna take you through all the agony I ve been through, but it was tough. Some of it you might ve seen. I don t know if you ever saw on TMZ the big headline: Dave Chappelle Drunk Onstage in Detroit. Well, if you saw it, I wasn t drunk. I had smoked some reefer… with some rappers. Yeah. I don t know if you know anything about hanging out with rappers, but their weed is very strong, stronger than I what I was accustomed to. The article goes on to say I was booed offstage, which is also incorrect. I was booed. I did not leave. It was a long bomb. It was a fucking nightmare. Two puffs of weed, that s all it was. Two puffs. I never had that happen, where I take two puffs of weed, I looked at the guy next to me, I was like, I m gonna bomb, nigga. I can feel it. And that guy called my name. Dave Chappelle! nigga s was like… Normally, when you do a comedy show– you guys don t know what it looks like up here, but nigga s be just looking up at you like… That s how the show started. Didn t take long for their faces to switch up like, What the fuck? They started looking amongst themselves. So I knew I wasn t doing good. I don t remember what I was saying. It just took one person to break the ice. It was a black lady with a Ford Motor shirt on. Stood up suddenly. Fuck you, Dave Chappelle! I said, Excuse me? She said, I worked all week for this shit, and this show sucks! And in a weird act of racial harmony, a conservative white guy stood up and backed her up. Yeah! The whole crowd banded together and started chanting, We want our money back! We want our money back! I said, Oh, shit. I snapped out of it. Good people of Detroit, hear me. Hear me now. You will never get your fucking money back. Fuck that. I said, I m like Evel Knievel. I get paid for the attempt. I didn t promise this shit would be good.  Boo! They said, Fuck you! This went on for a long time. And then, after the show, I felt so bad, I took half of the money from the show– thousands of dollars– I said, I m gonna give this to charity. You know what I did? I bought $25,000 worth of bubble gum and drove around Detroit and handed it out to the homeless so they could chew it and still be hungry. I was very mad at Detroit that night. Because not only did I bomb, I had to go back to the very same room the next night and do it all over again. Fucking nightmare. That would be like if you were having sex with a woman and, for some reason– this would never happen– but for some reason, she had a mousetrap in her pussy. You get caught in the trap. And then you ve got to fuck her again tomorrow night. I d still do it, but I d be careful the next time. The old mousetrap-in-the-pussy trick, eh? Fool me once. Yeah. Yeah, it was a tough time. And I wanted to give up sometimes. I almost did give up, but then, right before I gave up, I decided not to. But I made the call. They answered the phone. Hello? Dancing with the Stars. I said, Not yet. Not yet. Yeah. If you see me on that shit, it s over. Trust me. My spirit is broken. If you see me waiting for them judges… getting critiqued on my cha-cha, fuck that. I ve been hanging out in– I haven t been working in LA, but I come out here and hang out and shit. I was out here a few weeks ago. I almost got arrested. I m not bullshitting. This happens to a lot of black people. What happened was… I was coming out of one of those nightclubs in Hollywood, and my friend saw me. I guess I was wobbling or something. So, he just rolled up. He s a good friend of mine. He s like, Hey, Dave, give me the keys. I was like, All right, nigga, just take the keys. And I got in the passenger s side of my car, and he drove it. It was fine. Just talking, chopping it up. And then, on the 10, the blue-and-whites hit us. Now, I should tell you, the friend that was driving me was black, which really doesn t have anything to do with the story other than to let you know there was fear in the car. Not my fear. I m black, but I m also Dave Chappelle. So, I figured, you know, shit will probably be fine. Traffic stop started off on the right foot. The cops came up to the driver s side. Hi. How are you guys doing tonight? And he recognized me immediately. Oh. Dave Chappelle. And I looked at my friend like, We re getting out of this shit. And then he says, You guys were swerving in the lane. Do you mind just stepping out of the car for a second? Still no cause for alarm. I looked through the rearview mirror. The body language of the arrest looked good. Just talking. So, then I started fucking with the radio. You know a traffic stop is going good if you re listening to the radio when someone else is outside of the car. But then, when I looked back in the rearview mirror, something had gone horribly wrong. That motherfucker was back there like… And the next thing I knew, they were stuffing him in the back of the car, and I thought what anybody would think in a situation like that: Oh, my God. What is gonna happen to me? And the police walked up to the window. Mr. Chappelle, we had to arrest your friend. He refused to take our breathalyzer test. I said, That motherfucker. Not complying? That s odd. So, officer, what s gonna happen to me?  You re fine. We re just gonna have to ask you to step out of the car so we can impound the vehicle, and we ll arrange for you to have a ride home. I said, Oh, well, no. I would rather you just give me the keys. He said, Mr. Chappelle, your friend already told us he s your designated driver. We can t let you drive in this condition. I was like, No, nigga, I m good. And then suddenly, the shit turned into Vegas. He was like… I ll let you blow for it. I said, Excuse me? He said, If you blow in my breathalyzer– I said, Oh, nigga, I thought you was trying to get your dick sucked. What s the– Whew! Whew!  If you blow in my breathalyzer and pass, I ll give you the keys to the car. I said, Uh… set em up, nigga. Let s play. And I blew in that thing. And it made a noise. Beep! I said, Uh-oh. And he looked at it. He said, Oh, well, Mr. Chappelle, I guess you re free to go. I said, I am? I didn t know that thing didn t pick up weed. I drove home on the miles an hour. Yeah, it all worked out. It all worked out. I m one of the lucky ones. It doesn t work out that well for everybody. I saw that videotape of that lady that got beat up in LA in traffic. You see that shit on rush hour traffic? They beat a black woman s ass. This woman didn t even do anything wrong. It s fucked up. It was so fucked up, it didn t even go to court. The City of L.A. just gave that woman $1.5 million for her pain and suffering. That is not bad, considering that s the same amount of money that Marcos Maidana made to fight Floyd Mayweather the second time. And this woman obviously hasn t trained a day in her life. You can see it on the tape. She didn t come to fight. Her guards were low. She was taking a lot of shots. Everybody s mad at police now. I watched that– You see that shit on Netflix, Making a Murderer? The Steven Avery story. If you haven t seen it, check it out. Steven Avery is in more trouble than any white person in the history of the United States has ever been in! In a justice system designed for him to thrive, he s failed miserably twice. I can t even wrap my mind around it. If Making a Murderer was about a black dude, that shit would be called Duh! Of course everything would go wrong. Seems like he did it, all right. The motherfucker even had $200,000 for his legal defense. That should get you off in Wisconsin. That s like OJ money. All he needed to get off that he didn t have was a single black juror. That s all it would ve took. Because only a black dude in the United States can look at other dudes and be like, I think the police did this shit. He s fucked up in the game. That s how OJ got off. I ve been watching that new OJ show. I can t get enough of that shit. Doesn t it bring back good memories? But I forgot just how polarizing that OJ case was. And you know, I ve met OJ Simpson on four different occasions in my life. And before the end of the show, I will tell you about each of those occasions. The first time I met OJ Simpson, I was in Santa Monica. -Santa Monica! -Yeah! I can t believe a black dude was like, Santa Monica! You the last nigga I would expect to say that. Let me see your shoes. You got some Vans on, nigga? What you got? Santa Monica! You? At the time, I was . I had done a show, and the guy from the club came up and was like, Hey, OJ Simpson s here, and he said he wants to meet you. I said, What? Fuck yeah! I ran down the steps, and OJ was down there. He s like, Hey, young man. How are you? It s very good to meet you. And you re doing really good work, and I hope good things happen for you in your life. I was like, Man, thanks, Mr. Juice. Standing beside him, was– I don t know the nice way to say this– his soon-to-be-slain wife. Ladies and gentlemen, man the fuck up, or you re not gonna make it to the end of this show. Just man the fuck up. She s dead. We already know what happened. We don t know who did it, but we know what happened. I should tell you, that woman was very nice to me. She actually embraced me. She said, I think you re adorable, and she hugged me. She goes, Good luck to you, and she held me for a long time. And I whispered in her ear, Bitch, are you trying to get us both killed? I m just kidding. I didn t say that, but… that was the first time, in a nutshell. It s good to see so many… so many different people here from so many different ethnicities. Very diverse crowd. Looks like you thought Bernie Sanders was gonna come out in this motherfucker. But… surprise! It s me. Yeah. Yeah, you know, I m happy, really, to see black people come. A lot of black people don t fuck with me like they used to. But there s a few reasons you don t see black people at my shows. One is because, obviously, black people have slower Internet connections. I mean, that would be my guess. I don t know what– Actually, my own actions drew a wedge between me and the community I hold so dear. A couple of weeks ago, I was supposed to be in Flint, Michigan, for a charity benefit that was supposed to raise awareness for the appalling condition of the water in Flint. I don t know if you know this, but the water in Flint is fucking poisonous. It s actually making people sick. Hollywood people are like, So what? At least they have water. But this water– this water is fucked up. So, a lot of black celebrities flew into Flint, and they did a tremendous charity benefit, and I was on the schedule to appear. Uh… So, the reason a lot of people haven t heard about this benefit– it was the same day as the Oscars. Right, I know. So, I was on my way to the airport to go to Flint, and then Chris Rock calls me and is like, Hey, Dave, I got a ticket for you for the Oscars. Can you make it? And I was like, Sure, nigga. I m on my way to the airport right now. Come on, man. What am I gonna do about that water? What am I, a fucking superhero? I need to have fun. I need to live, too! I didn t fuck that water up! Stevie Wonder was there. They didn t need me. I m sorry, everybody. I d never been to the Oscars. You ve seen the movies I make. I was excited. I knew I was gonna get into some trouble, because when I was walking on the red carpet, the black press came after me. Excuse me, brother. When you hear somebody call you brother too much, something terrible is about to happen. Excuse me, brother. Brother? And I looked back, and the motherfucker had a tuxedo with the kente cloth tie. I said, Uh-oh. He said, I just want to ask you a couple questions. I said, What publication are you with? He said, Me? I m with The Daily Bongo. I said, Daily Bongo? What the fuck? Who the fuck reads this? He said, Listen, brother, I just want to ask you a quick question. You understand that this year, this is a boycott for the Oscars. So, I m just wondering what made you, of all people, cross the motherfucking picket line and be here tonight. I said, Boycott? nigga, I haven t been working in ten years. What do you mean, boycott? I ve been on strike. Y all nigga s didn t stop working. I had to watch fucking Key and Peele do my show every night! So, fuck The Daily Bongo, is what I said. I went to the Oscars and had a wonderful time. I went in that fucking green room. It was filled with so many stars, I couldn t even believe what I was seeing. Hollywood was seducing me all over again. I was sitting back there. I m smoking, drinking with the stars. And then two Hollywood movie producers came over, right to me. Oh, my God. Dave Chappelle, said the leader one. He was obviously gay. Some guys, you can just tell. The other one seemed like a money guy. Maybe he was from Texas or some shit. But the gay one was definitely the leader because he did all the talking. And then he hit me with: So, David, um… do you have any movie ideas that you would like to pursue? The truth is, I don t. But if you know the game, you re not supposed to tell motherfuckers you don t have ideas. I was like, Yeah, man. I got plenty of ideas. And he called my bluff. Really? Like what?  Huh? Oh. Um… um… And then I just started making up shit that I thought maybe he d like to see. I said, I have a superhero idea. He goes, Really? I go, Yeah. He s a– He s a gay superhero. He was like, Really?! What s it called?  Huh? Oh, it s called– It s called Same Hero, New Boots. It s about a gay sous-chef in San Francisco… that gets bit by a radioactive rat on his shift when he s taking out the trash and is blessed with powers beyond his wildest dreams, supersonic gay kind of powers. And he starts saving everybody in San Francisco. But at first, he only saves gay people. Later, he saves everybody, and the whole city just falls in love with him. The only problem is, no one remembers him when he saves them.  Well, I don t understand. Why wouldn t they remember him? I said, Because, dummy, he s gay. He keeps changing his outfit. People come up– ‘Thanks for saving me, sir. What s your name anyway? He s like, ‘Same Hero, New Boots! And that motherfucker flies away. He was like, I like it a lot. The Texan didn t like that shit at all. He was upset. That s impossible, a gay superhero. I said, What? Well, I have others. I have a superhero you d love, cause he s stronger than Superman and he fights for truth, justice and the American way, like Superman, but more than Superman. He beats up Mexicans for no reason. The Texan s like, You got my attention. I m like, Man, this motherfucker s so strong, he can fly and do all this great shit. Only problem with this guy is he can t even activate his powers unless he touches– unless he touches a woman s vagina. Not a long touch, just a couple of pats. He said, Well, what s the problem with that? I said, The problem, sir, is that our hero is not a handsome man. And he s often short on cash. So, whenever trouble breaks out, he has to run around the city and convince women to let him pat their vaginas. ‘Please, miss! That building s on fire. Can I pat your vagina? Quickly. People are dying! But he can t tell them exactly why. ‘Eww! Get away! You re gross! ‘Please, miss! People are dying! Just a couple of pats! ‘Eww! Gross! Get away! So, he rapes them. I know, I know. That s the dilemma for the audience. Because he rapes, but he saves a lot of lives. And he saves way more than he rapes, and he only rapes to save. But he does rape. I didn t realize it, but the whole green room was looking at us. All the celebrities were disgusted. Ohh. That guy from Texas was like, Here s my card. Call me on Monday. That worked out. The second time I met OJ Simpson. It was right after the trial of the century. There I was, now a young man of probably 23. OJ Simpson was the most famous, or infamous, face on planet Earth. I was in a restaurant in Beverly Hills with my agents. I wasn t alone in the restaurant, but I was alone. I was the only black person in the restaurant. And in the 90 s, that felt very uncomfortable. Now I tend to enjoy it at this age. I was having dinner with my agents, celebrating a deal that they told me was lucrative, but I later learned fucking sucked. And suddenly, a group of women walked by. Every race was in that group. Black, white, Asian, Latina, white, white… and white again. They were all gorgeous. I watched them walk by. Then I saw a familiar face. Al Cowlings, the man from the infamous Bronco chase, walked by and embraced one of the women, and they walked towards the door. Couldn t believe what I saw. And then, close behind him, was OJ Simpson, newly released from jail. The restaurant fell still. I was shocked. I didn t mean to say it out loud, but it just came out. OJ! He stopped, turned around to see who said it, saw my black face and correctly assumed it was me. I was sitting in the corner of the booth. He leaned over all the white people I was having dinner with and shook my hand. How are you, young man? He looked in my eyes, and I could see in his eyes that he didn t remember meeting me the first time. And then he walked away. And I looked back at my agents, and all of them had nothing short of disgust on their faces. And the only one with the courage to voice their disgust was a woman named Sharon who used to represent me. How could you? she said. How could you shake hands with that murderer? I said, Sharon, with all due respect, that murderer ran for over 11,000 yards. And he was acquitted. So, you know, fuck it. The glove didn t fit. The glove didn t fit. Get over yourself. Some people can t do that. Some people just can t get over themselves. Gay people have a hard time doing that recently. Here we go. Here comes the deep water. No, recently I ve noticed that. I noticed it with that Manny Pacquiao controversy. Yeah, it was– Now, in the gay community s defense, Manny Pacquiao said some outlandish shit about gay people, very not nice things that I won t repeat, but there was biblical verses and some analogies to animals. It wasn t a good look. Nike took his shoes immediately. Which I thought was a little harsh. A little harsh, you know what I mean? Just cause he s Asian. You know what I mean? How the fuck are you gonna take the shoes off an Asian dude to appease a gay dude? You know what I mean? No? You don t know what I mean. But Asian people kind of know what I mean. No? No Asians in the front? No? No, this is what I mean. Look, you re an Asian dude– I say this with no disrespect. We re all Americans, right? And we can agree that America has a huge body count all over the world, but nowhere more than Asia. Literally, if you look at history, recently, we have bombed the masculinity out of an entire continent. We dropped two atomic bombs on fucking Japan, and they ve been drawing Hello Kitty and shit ever since. There s a lot of lady-boys in the wake of our bombs. And I know these things because my wife is Asian. She s Filipino. All right, okay. So, that explains it. Now you know why you see me at all those Filipino events. I m not there picking up pussy. I m dropping some off. I take my wife to all that shit. I took my wife to see Pacquiao fight Mayweather. We sat ringside, okay? That– Yeah, that was a quiet car ride home, that s what that was. But if you know what s popping in the Philippines, you know that they got a whole generation of kids in the Philippines growing up without their mothers. Yes. A lot of women in the Philippines go to the Arabian Peninsula, they come to the United States, they make all their money here, they send all that money back home, which is still one of the number-one staples in the Philippines economy– money that the expats send back to the Philippines. The men, on the other hand, are left rearing children, twiddling their thumbs, waiting on their wives checks. These men have been fucking emasculated. And then suddenly, a boxer rises from amongst them and reinstates their manhood with his motherfucking fist. This is not the guy you re supposed to ask, What do you think of homosexuals? He s not your champ. Shit. That s why I don t have a sneaker deal, cause if you say something that people don t like, they ll take your fucking shoes off. If Martin Luther King had a sneaker deal, we d still be on the back of the bus. It s true. The Nike exec would come up– Hi, Martin. Uh… we need you to tone down the talk of civil rights and blacks being humans. It s upsetting our Southern distributors.  But I don t understand. I thought that s why I had a sneaker deal in the first place.  Not quite. Really, it s a walking shoe. And we like the marching, but… Try to understand. Fuck that shit. You know, I get it, though. I understand why gay people are mad, and I empathize. You know what? I m just telling you this as a black dude. I support your movement. But if you want to take some advice from a Negro, pace yourself. These things take a while. Just cause they passed the law doesn t mean they re gonna like it. Brown v. Board of Education was in. Somebody called me a n i g g e r in traffic last Wednesday. It takes a minute. My wife s friend Stewart told me that. My wife has a lot of gay friends. Stewart s their leader. She has a lot of gay friends. And I don t like em. Not cause they re gay. I m just judging them on the merits of their character. They re just not nice dudes. They re fucking rude houseguests. They re sitting on my couch, giggling with my wife, eating my motherfucking macaroons. Then I come in, and they act like the party s over. Hey, Stewart. What s going on? This guy talks to me the way a cat would speak if a cat could talk. Hi, David.  Stewart, what s all the beef, man? What s going– He always wants to have some kind of gay political argument. The last one was about a petition in federal court to take the words husband and wife out of the law. I said, Why would you want those words out of the law? He said, Because it discriminates against same-sex couples. I was like, nigga s, please, save me the semantics. Just trust me. Take your chips and get the fuck out of the casino. You re about to crap out! Just go outside, talk that over amongst yourselves, and whichever one of you is gayer, that s the wife. No, no. Stewart didn t like that. Stewart educates me about this movement. I didn t even know shit about it. He told me it s called LBGTQ! I was like, What the fuck is the ‘Q ? Does that even make sense? Q ? Turns out Q is like the vowels. That shit is sometimes Y. It s for gay dudes that don t really know they re gay. Like prison fags who are like, What? I m not gay, nigga. I m just sucking these dicks to pass the time. I m not ‘G. I m ‘Q. Ugh. I think– Okay, again, of all those letters, the T has the toughest road ahead. In fact, I think the T should stand for Tough road ahead. They ve got the longest mental gap to bridge. That s all I m saying. Because whenever I see one of them Ts on the street, I don t mind them, but I ll be like, Man, I miss Bruce. I m sorry, guys. I m 42. I remember Bruce Jenner. Before the Kardashians, before all that, this motherfucker was a white American superhero. It was amazing. He was beating Africans at track and field. We d never seen anything like it. He was on my cereal box growing up. You know how much of that cereal I ate? nigga, I didn t know he was gonna do that. I knew before you guys knew. I heard things on the street in Hollywood. You d just be out, see people. Hey, what s up, Kanye? Why the long face?  nigga, you ll see. I got two mother-in-laws now. And when I heard he was gonna do it, I was scared. I didn t think the public was ready. I didn t think the media was ready. And you know what? I was wrong. Not only did the public embrace him, but the media was nice. I d never seen anything like it. Welcome to the world, Caitlyn. So long, Bruce. Hello, Caitlyn. I was shocked! Is this happening? Wait a minute. Is this a time in American history where an American can make a decision for themselves, and even though other Americans don t understand it, they ll support it and let this person live a happy life? Is this what s happening? If it is, then good for America. That s Dave Chappelle, the American. Although, Dave Chappelle, the black American, he was a little jealous. I was like, How the fuck are transgender people beating black people in the discrimination Olympics? If the police shot half as many transgenders as they did nigga s last year, there d be a fucking war in LA. I know black dudes in Brooklyn– hard street motherfuckers– that wear high heels just to feel safe. Transgenders are gangsters. I used to do business with a transgender in Hollywood. Man, everybody would be scared of her in the boardroom. She d walk in there, newly-minted woman, high heels, purse. Wouldn t say anything to us, just walk around the conference table, looking mean and shit. Then she d walk to the head of the conference table, stare at us all, reach in her purse, pull her old dick out and throw it on the table. Let s talk business, gentlemen.  Aaah! Shit is scary as fuck. If your best friend pitched that to you, you d be horrified. Yo, nigga, let s go to the hospital and cut our dicks off and make pussies out of them shits.  What?! Can t we just get matching jackets or tattoos or something? You sure that s what you want to do?  There s only way to find out, nigga. Wu-Tang! Pow! Pow! Let s go to the club and trick nigga s into fucking us. Yeah. The third time I met OJ Simpson— The third time I met OJ Simpson, I was doing great in life. I d just finished the second season of Chappelle s Show. Man, those were good days. I was playing a comedy club in Miami, The Improv. I don t know if you ve ever been, but if you have, you d know the door for the green room is right on the stage. Can you imagine such a thing? If I walked out of the door of the green room, bam, I was right here, right from the dressing room. And I did that. I walked out, and the whole crowd was like, Hooray! And I looked– ma am, as close as you are to me– I saw him as soon as I came out: The Juice. And I saw recognition in his eyes, and it filled me with pride that he knew who I was. I didn t acknowledge his presence because it was a white audience, and I didn t want to start a panic. But I did my show. The show went great. I said, Good night, everyone. They all said, Yay! And I didn t say nothing to OJ, but I just gave him the signal to let him know I knew he was there. And I walked into the green room, and OJ was already in there! I was like, How the fuck is this possible? I was scared. And then my friends came in, and we all started talking. We sat down on the couch. And I m just telling you what I saw with my own eyes. You can believe me or not believe me. But in my experience, OJ Simpson– one of the nicest men I d ever met. He was nice to me. He was nice to my friends. The conversation was filled with warmth and levity, humor and wisdom. We talked for minutes, and then suddenly, the Juice said, You know what? I ve got to be going. But it s good to see you again, and I m glad things went so well. I said, Thanks, Juice. And my friends said, Yeah, goodbye, Mr. Juice. They were new to the game. He said, No. Thank you… for your hospitality. Good night, guys. And we said, Good night. And he just walked out of the room. And as soon as the door closed, we all looked at each other like, That nigga did that shit. Did you feel that? I could feel like… murder in the room. Well, you young heads missed that shit. You re all too young. You don t remember that. -How old are you, young, man? You. -Twenty-four. Twenty-four? You don t know shit. You don t know shit! You gotta Google shit that I lived through. See, this is why I lock motherfuckers phones up. Seriously. Because the young kids, you guys need to take a break from that– We all need to break just from that technology, just for a minute. You know, I m from a different time, young man. A dark time to you. I m from a time that I didn t even used to know who was on the phone until I answered the shit. Like, when tragedy used to strike. I remember I was 12 years old, and the teacher wheeled a television set into the classroom. You remember these days? And she turned it on to one of three channels. And she said, Class, the space shuttle is taking off, and we re all gonna watch it take off. Man, that shit was going great for like, three to five minutes. That s right. You remember. It fucking exploded! Right on television. Everybody on board, dead. Immediately presumed dead. It was so bad, the teacher looked at all the kids and was like… You can go home. It was a goddamn national tragedy. This was Cold War America. The Russians were laughing at us. My point is, for a guy your age wouldn t even know the pain, because in your generation, it s like the space shuttle blows up every fucking day. How can you care about anything when you know every goddamn thing? I m getting over one cop shooting, and then another one happens, and then another one happens, and another one happens. I m crying about Paris, and then Brussels happens. I can t keep track of all this shit. So you just give the fuck up. That s the hallmark of your generation, and that s fucked up, because your generation lives in the most difficult time in human history. This is the age of spin. The age where nobody knows what the fuck they re even looking at. Did you know that Planned Parenthood was for abortions? It s for people that don t plan things out at all. That s right. So, a guy your age doesn t really know how he feels. Are you pro-choice? Are you anti-consequences? What does it all really mean? It s easier not to care for you. But for us, we were trained to care. We were raised that way. I used to watch a fucking cartoon when I was growing up called Care Bears. It was about a fucking group of teddy-bear people. They were like teddy bears, but they were like people, and they were all different colors, and they all fucking just walked around, caring. They cared about each other and everything else. They all had different designs on their stomachs, and the designs told you something about what they might be like inside. Very, very loving group of beings. And when shit got real bad, as nice as those teddy bears were, they didn t get mean faces. They got determined. Hmm! And the leader would say, Come on, guys. It s time for the Care Bear Stare! Remember that shit? And them little teddy bears would lock arms… and stare at the problem– and I m not even bullshitting– actual love would shoot out of their chests… and would dispel anything that was fucked up. And when we grew up, we wanted to be like those bears. And then we got our hearts broken, because we found out that life wasn t gonna let us do that and that it s impossible to shoot love out of your chest. However, I have shot love onto somebody s chest before. I do it all the time. It s the next best thing. You kids don t know. Your generation is just determined to be angry, mad. Everybody s mad. Back when we were growing up, only black people were mad. Now everybody s just trying to get in on the act. I try to think to myself, When did everyone get mad? And then I realize this happened before we were born. This is a long way to go, but… it probably started in the Second World War. Think about it. All these black men, millions of black men, leave the United States for the first time, go over to Europe with America s Armed Forces and fight the Nazis and make more money fighting Nazis than they ever dreamed they would make in the United States. And a lot of those men, while they were in Europe– just to be real, not to be crass– a lot of them probably got their dicks sucked by white women. I m sorry, ladies and gentlemen. This was World War II Europe, and these were desperate times, and penises were being sucked for shoelaces and chocolate and very frivolous things. And it s very hard to come back to America and sit on the back of the bus after you ve been in the South of France, getting your dick sucked for a Crunch bar or some crazy shit like that. That s a life-changing experience. And while that was happening in Europe, here in America, for the first time, women entered the workforce en masse, by the millions. All the men were gone. Someone had to run the factory. The ladies did it. That s right. This was the first generation of American women to have independent income en masse, and when the men came back, the women weren t the same. American women had grown. They were uttering phrases that no woman on Earth had ever spoken before, things like, No and Shut the fuck up and I don t feel like it. And then behind the scenes of that, there was a little-known government agency that started testing mind control drugs on the American public. They fucked up. They tested it for 12 years. They didn t realize these drugs were not mind-controlling. They were mind-expanding. It was LSD and mescaline and shit like that. And for the first time, there was a new school of thought that was chemically induced that made people question the very society they lived in. By 1960, the President of the United States was only 42 years old. Can you imagine? DMX is older than that. And he was gonna usher in a new era of peace. He was gonna avoid the Cold War. He was gonna end segregation. And they blew his fucking brains out in front of everyone in Dallas. This country was never the same. There were seven more major assassinations in the 60s. Anyone that stood up and said anything was shot down in the streets like a fucking dog. Kennedy, Kennedy, King, X, Evers, on and on. You didn t even have to be famous. You could be a college student at Kent State, or in Mississippi, protesting the Vietnam War, and they shot them, too. The 70s were a wild era. And while all this was going on… Bill Cosby raped 54 people. Holy shit. That s a lot of rapes, man. This guy s putting up real numbers. He s like the Steph Curry of rape. Man, that s a lot of rapes. Fifty-four? If he had raped less people… that s still two dozen rapes! Don t forget, each one of these rapes has eight hours of sleep in it. Ladies and gentlemen, that s over hours of rape. It only takes hours to get a pilot s license. If rapes were aircrafts, this nigga is Top Gun for sure. Yeah, that s a tough one. And I was onstage not too long ago. I was in Syracuse, New York. Yeah. Well, yeah, for Syracuse. But the show didn t go so good… all because I was talking about Bill Cosby a little bit. Not a little bit. I ll be honest. I talked about him for like, minutes. And a woman stood up in the back of the room, and she screamed out, You are a fucking asshole for saying these things!  I know. Instantly, I felt bad. Not bad about what I was saying. I just felt bad like, Oh, that s too bad she doesn t like the show. I didn t realize it at first, but not only did she say that, she was rushing the stage. By the time I saw her, I just saw this shadowy figure fucking charging up the aisle towards me in full fight mode. I was horrified. I said, Oh, my God! I m gonna kick this bitch in the face. Lucky for me, I didn t have to. Security tackled her. But it was a really fucking horrifying scene. A scuffle ensued. And then, finally, she screamed out to me, Women suffer! I said, I know. And, ladies, I need you to know… that I know. I need you to know. Seriously, there s a lot of men in this room that identify themselves as feminists. I would include myself in that. Don t ever forget, we all have mothers and daughters and sisters and wives, and we want to see all these women do well and not be held back by their gender. There s a lot of men like that in this room. There s a lot of men like that in the world. Or as we are known on the streets, bitch-ass nigga s. But as this woman was wrestling and screaming at me, I started to take offense. And I ll be honest, race was involved. She was a young white woman. Well-intentioned, but just not thinking it all the way through. Bitch, how the fuck are you going to yell at a black man about discrimination? She didn t get it. She just kept going. Women suffer!  I know.  Women suffer!  Same team.  Women suffer!  I know. And this is when she went too far: We suffer just like you.  Slow your roll, bitch. You suffer, yes, but not like me. Not like us. She goes, Suffering is suffering. What s the difference? I said, Come on, white woman, you know what it is. You was in on the heist. You just don t like your cut. You suffer, I suffer. You suffer, I suffer. That s how it works. Can t do comparative suffering. If you re hungry, and your friend says, You know, people are starving in Africa,  So what, nigga? I still want lunch. Black people know about comparative suffering, and you know that it s a fucking dead-end game. Blacks and Jews do that shit to each other all the time. You ever played Who Suffered More with a Jewish person? It s a tough game. Whenever you think you ve got the Jewish guy on the ropes, that motherfucker will be like, Well, don t forget about Egypt.  Egypt?! God damn, nigga, I didn t know we was going all the way back to Egypt. What the fuck is wrong with her? What does she think? Does she think that I don t know that rape is wrong? Does she think that maybe I don t have empathy for Bill Cosby s alleged victims? And I would be remiss if I didn t remind you that technically these are all still allegations. Although, I admit it looks very bad. Perhaps if she looked at it correctly, she would have empathy for me, the man she was attacking, a 42-year-old black comedian. Obviously, Bill Cosby was a hero to me. And she doesn t know what it feels like to think that your hero might ve done something so heinous, my God, you can t imagine. It d be as if you heard that chocolate ice cream itself… had raped 54 people. You d say to yourself, Oh, man, but I like chocolate ice cream. I don t want it to rape. Didn t want to believe it. At first, I didn t believe it. I said, These people are obviously trying to destroy Dr. Cosby s rich legacy. Even 34 allegations into it, I was still like, Man… he probably only raped ten or 11 of those people. I know, I know. But it s really tough. You guys are young. Imagine if you found out 40 years from now that Kevin Hart raped 54 people. You d be like, Oh, my God. The only one that would believe that would be Katt Williams. He d be like, I knew that motherfucker was up to something! I knew Kevin had raped those people. You know, I was mad at Kevin, too, though. You know why? Okay, first of all, I didn t even know Kevin was as successful as he was. I found that shit out the hard way. I was at home when my son busted in. He said, Dad, I need $250. He s only years old, so I freaked out. What s going on, nigga? Is somebody trying to kill you? He said, No, no. Kevin Hart s coming to town, and I wanted to see his show. I said, How much are the tickets? He said, They re $125. I said, God damn! Mine are only 80. I said, Why do you need $250, then? He goes, Because I want to go with you, Dad. Please? And there it is. So, I took him to the show. And we go, we sit right up front. The lights go down, and one opening act after another goes on. Then Kevin takes the stage. The crowd goes fucking nuts. Thousands of people. I was furious. The longer the show went on, the madder I got. Because his show was fucking outstanding. It was maddening. These people were fucking holding their stomachs. My son was slapping his knee. I m like, Damn, nigga, I do this, too. Kevin says, Good night. The crowd goes crazy. And then everyone starts walking to his door, and the lights come on, and then my son is just standing there, looking at an empty stage. People are pushing past me, and nobody s recognizing me. I m like, Man, this place fucking sucks! I said, Come on, son, let s get out of here. Then my son looks back at me and says, Dad, please. Please, I have to meet him. I was like, Oh, my God. So, I took him backstage. I ve known Kevin for years, but can you believe I was scared to knock on his dressing room door? I almost said… Son, I haven t seen him for a long time. And one of Kevin s goons opened the door. Hey, what s up, Dave Chappelle? What are you doing, man? It s good to see you, brother. What are you doing in this area? This is a terrible area. I m like, Actually, I live around here. Listen… is Kevin here? My son just wanted to meet him real quick.  I don t know, cause Kevin s about to eat dinner. Just then, Kevin came around the corner to see who it was. What? Oh, shit! What s up, Dave? Come on back. I was just about to have dinner. I don t know if you guys ate, but you re welcome to join me if you d like. And then my son pushed passed me. It was some cold shit. He goes, Actually, Mr. Hart, we haven t eaten in several hours. Man, Kevin took us into his back room. This guy had a fucking spread. It was Tuesday night. This motherfucker was having Sunday dinner. There were steaks, chops, corn with butter all over it. My son was eating all fast, embarrassing me. I was like, Slow down, son. He was like… Then I looked over in the corner, and there was a box of custom-made jerseys for the local team. Each one was hand-stitched, and on the back, they stitched on K-Hart on all of them. Kevin saw me staring at that box, and he went over and grabbed one of them jerseys, and he walked right to my son. He said, Hey, little man. I want you to have this. And my son was like, Thanks, Mr. Hart. This is when I got mad. He goes, If your father ever makes you mad, put that on. And he walked out. Oh, that was some cold shit. Then I realized– I looked up what Kevin made on Google. I couldn t believe that shit. Kevin is the first comedian that a Drake song could be about. Kevin could walk around his house and sing All Me, and the whole song would still be true. ? Got everything, I got everything ? ? I cannot complain, I cannot ? ? I don t even know How much I really made ? ? I forgot, it s a lot ? ? Fuck that, never mind what I got ? And his wife will be like, Kevin, come to bed! He ll be like… ? Ho, shut the fuck up ? ? I got way too much– ? You know how much money you have to have to tell a girl to shut the fuck up? I have Quiet, please money at best. I d have to take a loan out for Shut the fuck up.  Shut the fuck up– That s Jay Z money. And Beyoncé got No, you shut the fuck up money. Let s not forget. Let s not forget. I ve never met Bill Cosby, so I m not defending him. Let s just remember that he has a valuable legacy that I can t just throw away. I remember that he s the first black man to ever win an Emmy in television. I also remember that he s the first guy to make a cartoon with black characters where their lips and noses were drawn proportionately. I remember that he had a television show that got numbers equivalent to the Super Bowl every Thursday night. And I remember that he partnered up with a clinical psychologist to make sure that there was not one negative image of African-Americans on his show. I m telling you, that s no small thing. I ve had a television show. I wouldn t have done that shit. He gave tens of millions of dollars to African-American institutions of higher learning, and is directly responsible for thousands of black kids going to college. Not just the ones he raped. Here comes the kicker. You ready? Here s the fact that I heard, but haven t confirmed. I heard that when Martin Luther King stood on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial and said he had a dream, he was speaking into a PA system that Bill Cosby paid for. So, you understand what I m saying? The point is this: He rapes, but he saves. And he saves more than he rapes. But he probably does rape. Thank you very much! Good night! ? Ah-ah, ah-ah ? ? In every ghetto ? ? Ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah ? ? In every ghetto ? ? Ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah ? ? In every ghetto ? ? Ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah ? ? In every ghetto ? Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait! I forgot. The fourth time I met OJ Simpson. The fourth time is not the funniest time, but it was the last time I d see the Juice. For some reason, I was at the Kentucky Derby. It s a very long story. This is right after I quit Chappelle s Show in spectacular fashion. There was a party hosted by Michael Jordan, and every athlete I ve ever admired was in that room. Yes. And then I saw a familiar face by the bar, standing there, drinking alone. It was Chris Tucker. Now… you have to remember, at this time, we were both technically missing. And we went over, and we re talking with one another, and motherfuckers were amazed to see us together. Seeing me and Chris Tucker at that point would be like seeing Bigfoot riding a unicorn. You wouldn t believe that s what you were seeing. And then, through all the gawkers, a familiar face pushed through the crowd. Here he was again. The Juice. He had his camera ready. He was like, Dave, Chris. Good to see you guys. Hey, come on, guys. Let s all get together for a picture. And at the same time, me and Chris were like, No. I can t do that. Sorry, Juice, my career is too flimsy to survive a picture with you. That s the end. Good night. ? Ah-ah, ah-ah ? ? In every ghetto ? ? Ah-ah ? ? Revolution ? ? Ah-ah, ah-ah, ah-ah ? ? In every ghetto… ? One last thing. Before you go, I just wanted to acknowledge for the real comedy fans. We can t not acknowledge it. We lost a fucking juggernaut in comedy this week. So, I m just shouting out the family and friends of Garry Shandling. Much love to you guys. My sincerest condolences. And for the hip-hop fans in the building… put two fingers up in the air for A Tribe Called Quest and my man Phife Dawg. May he rest in peace forever and ever. Thank you for that beautiful music. Good night, everybody. Thank you. Twos up! Twos up! Hands up, hands up! Twos up! We re gonna do this for Phife! I need everybody to rap with me right now! ? Can I kick it? ? ? Yes, you can ? ? Can I kick it? ? ? Yes, you can ? ? Can I kick it? ? ? Yes, you can ? ? Well, I m gone ? ? Go on, then ? ? Can I kick it? To my Tribe that flows in layers ? ? Right now, Phife is a poem sayer ? ? At times, I m a studio conveyor ? ? Mr. Dinkins Would you please be my mayor? ? ? You ll be doing us a really big favor ? ? Boy, this track really has a lot Of flavor ? ? When it comes to rhythms Quest is your savior ? ? Follow us for the funky behavior ? ? Make a note On the rhythm we gave ya ? ? Feel free, drop your pants Check your hair ? ? Do you like the garments That we wear? ? ? I instruct you to be the obeyer ? ? A rhythm recipe that you ll savor ? ? Doesn t matter if you re minor Or major ? ? Yes, the Tribe of the game We re the player ? ? As you inhale Like a breath of fresh air ? I m rich, biatch!

REGGIE WATTS@SPATIAL@2016@Hello, I m Thomas. I m so glad to meet you Mum ? I m Freddie. I met a girl I like today. She s beautiful. I just wanted to kiss you. – I want to kiss you now. You re amazing. Any of you girls fancy it ? You re repulsive. Go on, fuck off home ! I m never going to a brothel with you again. # Oh God now when s the time # For me, oh # When will you see me through? # Oh God my mind is eating # My heart out # Oh God my heart is beating # My mind up # Please, come back. Come back. Come back. Come back. Come back. Come back. Hi, I made tea. – Huh? Oh! Oh, sorry. I didn t mean to surprise you. It s OK, Anthea. Um… What are you doing? Oh, you know… Just, er, just looking. Right. Whizzer. Eff s a bit out of it. She s beautiful. Not like me. Oh? Seems like somebody likes you! My boyfriend gave it to me. I only knew him three days. Thomas. Now he s gone. But it was fun while it lasted, hmm? So much fun… Yeah, it s called love. That s a big word ! – I dunno, Four letters is … Oh. But I m sure it is love : All you want to do is kiss them and, you know, other stuff. Brilliant stuff. Yeah. Yeah, brilliant stuff. Maybe this Thomas will hop on a train and come back to see you. You can t get a train from the Congo. – Congo ? Yeah, it s a Democratic Republic, located on the Equator, bordering Gabon and Cameroon. Yeah, I remember now. I really miss him. You think love conquers all, Anthea? I hope so, sweetie. Why don t you wake up the sleeping beauty and tell her we have something called breakfast in our country? After that we had to get out mega-speedily, so we climbed over some spiky fence, and then found ourselves in this field. Then what did we do, Eff? – Can t remember. We either went to the park to find the boys and then got chips, or the other way round. Which was it, Eff? Chips. – Oh, yeah. Super cool. Brown sauce soaks up all the Red Bulls. And then we went crazy, cos Cook pulled down JJ s pants and showed us his willy. Morning, Mum. Yeah, thanks. Super duper great night at the youth centre. I made soup, we prayed and recycled socks. Soup. For the homeless, they love soup. Um, cream of mushroom… Okey-doke. Effy says, Howdy doody. See you later, alligator. Did you just … That was a pack of lies. Oh, you can t tell my mum the truth. She d only do agony flip and go ra-ra. Is she speaking English? She means the truth hurts, Dad. It s for her own good. Otherwise, truth… Boom. You all right, love ? – Yeah, I just, erm, I just gotta, er… Stop it. – You stop it. Is someone going to start speaking a language round here I fucking understand ? Steve, mate ! Am I driving today ? No. You re doing the International Webcam and Hard Drive Expo in Poole. You don t want to miss that. I can t do it. – Jesus ! You should have told me, I fucking love those hard drive events. Jim, who are you talking … – I need you. OK, I ll get the car keys. Get you to Poole in no time. For fuck s sake, I love you! When are you fucking going to understand that? Steve, Mate, I m… I m married. I m straight. Don t do dick, no way no how, but, you know… I mean, c est la vie. – I can t stand it, Anthea! Each to their… own. – I told you ! – It s too late ! Wallop! Bitch ! Bitch ! Bitch ! Bitch ! You don t understand ! Jim, please ! Listen ! – All those weekends ! Those bendy fucking yoga weekends in Dartmouth ! Jim, please ! Oh, you were bending all right, weren t you ? In all the right fucking places ! – Oh please, Jim… Just let me… I just want to explain to you. You ve done enough explaining, haven t you? Jim, I m sorry. – I love you. Please, don t leave me down. What a mess. They fuck you up ! They don t mean to, Eff. But they do. Effy! Not now, Mum. Effy! Bugger it, Eff. You can t half leg it. And I ve got cross-country badge! Do you think your mum and funny beard have been, you know… making monkey ? Yes, Pandora. They ve been making monkey. Wow ! Surfed and turfed ? Yup. Eff. Eff, don t cry. Does this mean you re not coming to my pyjama party ? I m not crying. Right. But my party ? Sure. Why not ? Let s get totally, totally fucked. Um, yeah, that s the thing. My mum s gonna be there, and we re gonna put on pyjamas and play Twister. It s brilliant fun, more fun than getting fucked. Probably. And then you re all going to tell me how to do it with Tommo because basically, I haven t got a clue. Pandora, why are we friends ? Do you ever wonder ? Well, that s super easy. You re my pal because you re the coolest ever, and I m yours because I ll totally do anything you say and none of your boyfriends ever want to surf me cos I m useless. That s it ? – Yeah. Come on, Let s get hot chocolates. – Cool. Effy ! Hey ! Oh, shit ! I ve been ringing you loads! You know Danny, he plays for the Bristol Rovers Reserves, yeah ? Yes, nice one, tasty. This is my new best friend, Effy. Cool tits, yeah ? Sorry ? Nice jugglies, babe. Perky. – Danny ! He doesn t mean it, Do you, babes ? – Fuckin right I do ! Yeah ! – And I m Pandora. OK. Hey kid, you should come up the ground, watch the lads train, yeah ? Cos after, we get some Lambrinis in, we go lucky in the showers ? He s joking, right ? – Um, yeah. Right. Anyway. Can t wait for this party tonight ! I ve got a shitload of weed and pills. Weeds ? Um, no… – Cool. Yeah man. Way safe. Orgy ! You re not coming. It s girls only. Right ? Yeah. We re gonna tell secrets and get intimate, no boys. Intimate ?! Yes. Nice one ! Take photos, babe ! So I ve got Flying Saucepans and Love Fountains. Woo! We re gonna fry ! – But, we re doing Twister. Cool. You can snort that, right ? Not exactly. – Love Fountains are mint ! Mum s making brownies. You OK ? She s upset because her mum s been making monkey and her dad s gone ape. Huh ? Bananas ! Cos Beardy Steve s been making her do the Funky Gibbon and… I ve boobed, haven t I ? – Yes ! Me loves the Funky Gibbon ! Danny ! – Yeah ? You re gonna fuck off ? We need girl time. Yeah ? – Practice your ball skills, babe. I ll do that keepy-uppy thing later, remember ? Oh, yeah ! Cool ! Mum s done the signal. So everybody knows where my party is. How many people did you invite ? Um. Four. You, Eff, Emily and Naomi. Naomi ? Why did you invite her ? Em s says I have to or she won t come. Ah. Sweet ! – Come on. We can do brownies and then lick our bowls out. Do you think she knows she sounds filthy half the time? Sometimes I wonder. Mum ! Blastification ! Drat ! Drat ! Fiddlesticks ! Panda, we have spoken about shouting like a goat in the house. Sorry. Look, Mum. Friends ! Still shouting, Panda. Calm time, please. I m calm. I m calm. I m calm. So, this is Effy. Effy ! We meet at last. – Yes. Pandora has told me so much about you. Yeah, you know, Eff, your missionary work. Yes, I try and do as much of that as I can. That s good. There s so many bad things in the world. Boys, and drugs, guns, alcohol. Boys. Evil things. I m glad Pandora s found a channel she can pour her energy into. Well, yes, all the seamen like her. Seamen ? – Oh, yes. Loads of seamen. Some of them are homeless as well. We d all love to see Pandora get her own missionary position. Right… Lovely. And this is ? – Katie. Katie. I haven t heard about you. She s a new friend, Mum. Stupid. Well, that s wonderful. We re not used to having so many friends, are we, Panda? No. And I ve got more. Heaps more. Two more. Four friends. Goodness. We re going to have a wild old time, aren t we? I hope you all like playing Monster in the Dark. Looking forward to it. I expect you all want to wash your hands and take your shoes off. Come on. I ll show you Mum s special box. # London s burning London s burning # London s burning, London s burning # Fetch the engines, Fetch the engines # Fire, fire ! Fire, fire ! # London s burning, London s burning… # Making brownies, making brownies Really yummy, really yummy # Making brownies, making brownies In the kitchen, in the kitchen… Fucking hell. Yes ? Nothing, young lady. I have nothing to say to you at all. What the fuck is that ? – Hi. Jesus. I ve never been to a pyjama party before, so I brought vodka. Was that right ? – Dunno. I don t wear pyjamas. Right. I dunno why she invited me anyway. I hardly know her. I asked her to invite you. I thought we sorted this out. – No, I didn t mean like… Well, it doesn t hurt to get to know each other, does it ? We re in the same class. We ll be hanging out for the next two years… You going to tell people you re gay anytime soon ? What ? I m not. I m not gay. Telling you, Em. You haven t thought this through, have you? No. So can I just say again? Me, not muff muncher. Me, cock cruncher. You getting any cock? I have done. Except he had erectile dysfunction. 17 times. I was getting tennis elbow, you know. Yes? Can I help you with something? No. This is a quiet cul-de-sac and you are disgraceful young women. Yeah? So go fuck yourself, tosser. Hi! Hey… What? Hey! Mum ! More friends ! Naomi and Emily ! – Calm, please, Panda. Oh, yeah. I m calm. I m calm. We ve been so looking forward to this, haven t we, Panda ? Yeah. What ? Oh, y34h. Sh03s ! Are you all chums ? Oh, yeah. Ems and Naomi are real good friends. How lovely ! Really good, and now they like me as well. Hang on. Aren t you Katie ? That s the amazing thing ! Katie ! They re twins. C est incroyable, baby! Sorry? It s French. Thomas taught me ! He s such a blinkin dream and… Bugger. – Thomas ? Who s Thomas? Oh, you know… Pandora. I do hope you haven t been defying me on the subject of boys. He s my boyfriend, actually. He does, um, excellent French. Right. Well, Pandora knows my opinion on boyfriends. They just want to get into my box. – Yes, and I do hope all of you will respect That in this house we do not allow unruly males at parties. I m sure your parents would say the same thing. Um…yeah. – Yeah. Boys. Eeugh. Disgusting. There you go, Katie and Emily. Completely identical. Are you interested in all the same things? Um… I m not sure. You like Twister, though ? – Sorry ? Twister! It s brill! It s gonna be twistomatic, baby! Pandora gets over-stimulated. We do exercises nightly. Oh, I ve left pyjamas out for you all. They re pink…and clean. Very, very clean. # I got some troubles but they won t last # I m gonna lay right down here in the grass # And pretty soon all my troubles will pass # Cos I m in shoo-shoo-shoo… Ooh. Are they nicely gooey? I m certainly hoping so. Heavenly. You know, I m wondering if you aren t a little bit naughty, Effy. I am. Well, I bet you re naughty enough to try these brownies with me before anybody else. I ll try anything. OK, then. Let s dive in. I love brownies. I love them. # ..Shoo-shoo-shoo Sugar Town. Twister. Are you shitting me? Don t worry. I spiked the chocolate brownies with MDMA. You what? Yeah. Appreciate it, OK. There s fucking 40 quid s worth in there. You think it s funny ? – It is kind of. Yeah, enter into the spirit, Ems. So, Katie, you gonna be nice to me now we re Twister pals? I promise not to grab your minge and everything. OK, ha ha. Hands off the muff and we re sorted. Gotcha ! No buffing the beaver. – No groping the growler. Don t tickle on my tinkle ! OK, I won t fluff up your flange. – You done ? Yep. We re double done with the DNA dump. Hey, guys! What do you think? Mum made them specially, and look! Jesus. So you can have Sexy Poo… ..or Brainy Poo. Except for me, cos I have Panda Poo ! Mum and me sewed em on. It was a wacker job, I m telling you. I m not wearing that. – Why not ? It s a pyjama party. What the fuck ? Give it here. – Oh, whizzer poo ! Because look what goes with them. Isn t Mum wick ?! # My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard # And they re like, it s better than yours # My milkshake brings all the boys to the yard # And they re like, it s better than yours, damn right… Are they getting undressed ? Cook, they re not. Why would they get undressed ? Can I just remind you that Pandora s party is specified as a girls only event ? Yup. And you know what that means ? Of course I do. OK, so I m not 100% sure what it means. So let me enlighten you, Double J. Pyjama party means only one thing – girls getting friendly. Friendly? Oh, yeah. Real friendly. Hang on. Even I know that only happens in overblown and possibly illegal teen dramas. Mum says there s a lot less sex going on than I might imagine. You never experienced wish fulfilment, J? Never. They re all in there, girls getting to know each other, experimenting, getting lubed up and gagging for forbidden fruit and we re gonna give it to them. If Freddie was here… Do you see Freddie? Did we invite Freddie? No. – And why didn t we invite him ? Because he s a fun-sponge ? – You got it. You see ? It s a sign. Yes ? – Um… Hello. I ll call the police. # I ve seen her once or twice before She knows my face # But it s hard to see with all the people standing in the way… Cook? Cook?! # In the mornin you go gunnin # For the man who stole your water # But the hangman isn t hangin # And they put you On the street, yeah… # Come on! This is a fantasy and I have to tell you, a poorly constructed one. Just because I have a natural facility on a climbing wall… Come on, we need to see them doing it. For the last time, they are not going to be doing it. They will not be naked, and they will not be engaged in mutual masturbation… Check. – What ? I m requesting a check. Is that too much to ask of a friend ? What the fuck ? Oh, my god, oh, my god ! – What… What ? What ? They re n.. na… Please, say naked. – Nearly naked. That s good enough for me. Ah…! Cook…! Cook…! What the fuck ? Come on, Eff, pyjamas. – Whatever… Cook, I can t hang on. I m going to slip! What was that ? Nothing. Tummy. Too much cake… Hey, Mum. Look. We re pretty in pink! Oh! That s wonderful, girls. I must compliment myself, though. My brownies are usually delicious, but I ve really excelled myself. This is my third already. Yum… I m gonna have three. Thanks, Mum. Yeah, sure… Wow. Listen to that. # BON JOVI : Livin On A Prayer Can you hear the music ? Oh, yeah ! Mum ? Oh, that s beautiful. Oh, it sounds… What s she doing ? – Wonderful ! oh, wow ! Yeah, I m getting it ! I m telling you. That is fucking good shit ! What have you done? Eat a cake, Panda. It s gonna be a long night. # Tommy used to work on the docks # Union s been on strike He s down on his luck # It s tough # So tough # Gina works the diner all day # Working for her man # She brings home her pay For love # Ooh, for love # She says, We ve gotta hold on To what we ve got # It doesn t make a difference If we make it or not # We ve got each other And that s a lot for love # We ll give it a shot! # I m telling you, man. We gotta fucking get in there ! No. – No ? Freddie says, every time you ask me to do something, just say no. He said that ? – Yes. It s a song … Which gives useful lifestyle advice, but More than that, it s a state of mind. Maybe me and Freds we re gonna have words. But somehow, love you or leave you Gay J, I m going to this party ! You coming ? No. Just say no. Suit yourself, Gay J. Oh, balls! Freds, you gotta get down here! We ve gone to Nine. ‘Nine? Affirmative. It s a Niner. Code Red. He s going in. – ‘Stop him, JJ. Stop him ! Result. Eurgh! Oh, God… Dump her in here! Dump her in here! Shit! Fuck! That was so… So fun. Is she breathing? Yep. – Safe. Oh, man! Panda, come on ! Let me in. – Go away ! It was a joke. It wasn t even me ! You always bog everything up ! It s always you ! You do everything you like just cos you re depressed, cos your mum s getting wacked up the pants ! Well, bogging bog off ! This is my party and I m upset because my boyfriend got deported and you re supposed to be eating jelly and playing Twister at my party and telling me how to pop my cherry with my boyfriend ! Christ s sake ! I will show you how to do a blowjob. I don t want a blowjob. I want my boyfriend back ! Panda, I was just…. Panda ! Um… she s upset. Do I ever get to be upset ? Do I ever get to be anyone but me ?! Eff… – Fuck off ! Effy, just… Panda… Oh, for Christ s sake ! Get Cook out. Don t get arrested. They will not be naked. I m going in. Where you going ? Wine. I want wine. Hurry up with it ! Get beer, lezzer ! All right, all right ! Keep your vagina on. So… What do you want, Ems ? Pinot Grigio, or… cider oblivion ? Anything… Just give me a fucking… Just… Just give me a… # ..Cos I m being taken over by a feeling… # It s only the drugs, right ? # ..It s all about fast cars And cussing each other # But it doesn t matter Cos I m packing plastic # And that s what makes my life So fucking fantastic # I don t know what s right And what s real any more # And I don t know How I m meant to feel… # You liked that. You re gay. Yes. Oh, my giddy, giddy, giddy… aunt ! # GIRLS ALOUD: Jump (For My Love) Fuck. # ..Then jump for my love # Jump in # And feel my touch # Jump, if you wanna taste my kisses in the night, then # Jump for my love # I know my heart can make you happy # Jump in! You know these arms can fill you up # Jump, if you wanna taste My kisses in the night then # Jump for my love… # Shit. Hey, Katie ! Katie ! Where are you, girl ?! Which fucking house, girl ?! What s going on, kidder ?! The lads ! Wahey ! Oh, shit. Yes! Pyjama party, check it out, lads. Nice one ! No, No. You re not meant to be here, remember ? Come on. Have a heart. We lost 7-0 again, innit ? You know the lads… Tommo… Marco… How you doing, man ?! Jonno… Sambo… Keeno… Danno… Paedo ! Nice ! # BEASTIE BOYS: Three MCs And One DJ Sorry. Hello ? The fucking door s locked itself, hasn t it ? Hey. Hey. You should ve pulled. I will now, won t I ? Is this the cupboard for mindless sex ? You don t give a fuck about anything, do you ? Nope. Go away. Go away. Please. I want my boyfriend. Yeah. Wait. Hang on. Don t push. I wanna… Wait! There s something here. No. Aargh! What the fuck? What s going on? Are we…? Are we next door? We re next door. ‘Hello. I m Martin. This is Angela. ‘Hi. ‘And this is how we have sex. ‘Oh. That s lovely, Angela. ‘Thank you, Martin. ‘Could you rub a little harder ? ‘- Certainly. You ! Yes, you. I ve called the police, you know ? I ll be giving Angela a report when she gets back. Right. It s nearly nine o clock… disgusting. Absolutely shocking, what you kids get up to. Shocking ! JJ ? Throw me through the ceiling ! Throw me through the fucking ceiling ! JJ ! JJ ! JJ ! G… G… Got locked on, Freds. It s gone to a 12. Easy. It s all right. It s all right. Come on. We re gonna leave, come on. Yeah? All right? I didn t want to leave without him, you know ? It s an international incident. I thought he was gonna… gonna… I didn t want to leave without him. Fuck him, JJ. Freddie. You came. Cool. JJ gets locked on. You have to look after him. I thought Cook… Cook s his friend. I think Cook s your friend, isn t he ? Not necessarily. Hey, you ll never guess what Pandora s Mum… We re going home, Eff. Where s Pandora ? Come on. I didn t mean to fuck everything up. My parents are splitting up. I m sorry. I got trashed. I m sorry about that. It s shit. # CAT POWER: Fool # Apartment in New York London and Paris # Where will we rest? We re all living on top of it # It s all that we have The USA is our daily bread # And no-one is willing to share it # Bane and dismannered We coax all the time # Knowing that nothing Is left when we die. # Come along, fool # A direct hit of the senses you re disconnected # It s not that it s bad # It s not that it s death # It s just that it s On the tip of your tongue # And you re so silent… # All right, Panda ? Hi. We re the last ones standing. No one s got any stamina these days. Right. Whizzer ! I wanted to play Twister… and then the girls were gonna tell me how to do sex. Bummer. How do you do it, anyway ? Huh ? You know, you ve done loads of sex. No, Twister. Oh ! Well, you spin the dial, and then you put your hands and feet where it tells you. Hey, Panda ? Yes, Cookie ? Do you want me to show you ? What ? You know. # KANYE WEST : ‘Love Lockdown # I m not lovin you Way I wanted to # What I had to do Had to run from you # I m in love with you But the vibe is wrong # And that haunted me All the way home # So you never know Never, never know # Never know enough Til it s over, love # Til we lose control System overload # Screamin , No, no no, n-no, # I m not lovin you Way I wanted to # See I wanna move But can t escape from you # So I keep it low Keep a secret code # So everybody else Don t have to know # So keep your love locked down # Your love locked down Keepin your love locked down # Your love locked down I keep your love locked down # Your love locked down I keep your love locked down # You lose # I stayed silent for two years # For two years # I never dared to come alive # Let go of my fears… # Wow. You really are beautiful. So are you, Mum. I wanted to be. One more time. # ..Just like I guessed # Why See ya later. Any good ? I don t know what you mean. I mean he s a sensational fuck, yeah ? There s a lot of things you don t know about me, Eff. Just cos I m useless, don t mean I m nothing. We re friends because you don t surf-and-turf my men. You said that ! He s not yours, Eff. He ll never belong to anyone. Shut up ! – That s why you don t really want him. Shut up ! – He s not the one you want, Eff ! Shut up! You see, I know that because I m your friend. But you don t make enough effort, Eff. I m just there to laugh at. You don t know me. My life. My family. My Mum. Why don t you know anything about my Mum? I know everything about yours. You re right. I don t know anything about your Mum. I m sorry. OK ? Yeah. Oh, Jesus. What ? Careful what you wish for, Pandora. Why ? Panda ! Panda ! Look, I m here! It s me. > Are you not glad to see me? > Mother said I could come back. What s wrong? > Don t be a twat, Thomas. Give your girlfriend a hug. Yes… Oh, Panda. I missed you… I missed you too much. It s OK. Everything is OK. Everything is A1. # LOW: Breaker # Our bodies break # And the blood just spills and spills # But here we sit debating math # It s just a shame… # I m sorry. # My hand just kills and kills # There s gotta be an end to that… #
