STEWART LEE@CONTENT PROVIDER@2018@This programme contains very strong language and adult humour. FLOORBOARDS CREAK Well, Stewart, hello. I think Id like to start off by asking… ..how you see yourself at this late juncture of your career? I mean, what is it that you exactly think youre doing? I dont know, and its not something that I feel is good enough to be broadcast. I want to stop this now, but theres always just enough of an inducement to carry on and there doesnt seem to be any way of bringing it to a close. The series was cancelled. I was told by BBC Two Comedy that they didnt want any more. Then another bloke sort of intervened and said, Oh, maybe you should… MUSIC DROWNS HIM OUT People of Southend, Essex, its time now to endure the stand-up comedy of the comedian, Stewart Lee! CHEERING AND APPLAUSE MUSIC STOPS Thank you for coming. Right. Lets crack on and tell you whats happening. So, theres a number of problems with this show. The main one, right, is that I, OK… I started writing this about 18 months ago, OK? And the idea was it was going to be two hours on the notion of the individual in a digitised free-market economy. OK? And I was going to base it all around this painting, which is Caspar David Friedrichs 1818 German romantic masterpiece Wanderer Above A Sea Of Fog. Now, hopefully youve all had the e-mails, and youve done the reading youll need to have done. LAUGHTER Then I did about a months work on that and then the Brexit vote happened, right, and there seemed to an assumption everywhere that I should have written some jokes about Brexit. Now, I havent written any jokes about Brexit, cos I was trying to write a show that I could keep on the road for 18 months and as I didnt know how Brexit was going to pan out, I didnt write any jokes about it in case I couldnt use them in the show and monetise the work Ive done, right? So, I havent written any jokes about Brexit, cos I didnt see the point of committing to a course of action for which theres no logical or financial justification. LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE Thats right, clap the things you agree with! LAUGHTER Clap, clap, clap! Agree, agree, agree! Did you see Stewart Lee in Southend? Yeah. Was it funny? No, but I agreed the fuck out of it. LAUGHTER Its almost as if it were targeted at my exact social demographic, in a cynical attempt to maintain a future-proof audience for long-term mortgage repayment purposes. Can it be, Southend, that the future of Britain, Europe, Southend, the world, has been altered forever as a result, it would appear, of the ongoing competitive rivalry of a small group of competitive posh men, right? It looks like thats whats happened. When he was a student, David Cameron put his penis into a dead pigs face, didnt he? LAUGHTER And then to outdo him, to do something even more bizarre and obscene, Michael Gove put his penis into a Daily Mail journalist. LAUGHTER Imagine doing that! Euuurgh! Euuuuuurgh! EUGH! Caustic wit, that, like Toby Young. You like it? LAUGHTER And then to outdo him, to do something even more sick-making and wrong, Boris Johnson put himself into the role of Foreign Secretary. LAUGHTER And if you think its funny that Boris Johnson is Foreign Secretary, and it is, arguably, I guarantee you hes going to be Prime Minister at some point. Theresa May has been put in place, its now clear, by the steering committee as a sort of palate cleanser. Isnt she? Kind of a… LAUGHTER ..a nasty-tasting mouthwash that you swill around your gums before being forced to eat actual human shit. LAUGHTER A lot of casualties, werent there, in the Brexit shake-up? A lot of people, you know, Michael Gove and Sarah Vine, they sort of disappeared initially but theyre back now, arent they? Michael Gove and Sarah Vine. And theyre currently trying to reinvent themselves as the amusing celebrity political couple for young millennials so jaded they no longer find Neil and Christine Hamilton quite sickening enough. LAUGHTER Michael Gove and Sarah Vine are the Neil and Christine Hamilton for the Two Girls One Cup generation. LAUGHTER AND GROANING HE SNORTS Yeah, well… Thats a shame. So… LAUGHTER OK, heres whats happened, right? This is two nights in Southend and, right, I am aware Southends not really my target sort of town, but this was at a nice Victorian theatre, the theatre… The theatre was available. And… LAUGHTER Well, its just thats normally the first big laugh of the night, that… ..joke there. With the… LAUGHTER But weve got a lot of people here. Youve got the sort of target audience here, sort of comedy fans and people that know about, about the politics and stuff. And then its… Ive put on too many dates in Southend, basically, theres no… LAUGHTER Look at these people, this isnt my crowd, is it? Look at that, Essex. Essex filth. People that have… LAUGHTER Market traders on the run from London, arent they? LAUGHTER Lost their nerve and come to live in the white supremacist theme park… LAUGHTER APPLAUSE Should have been a bigger laugh, that, honestly, that Michael Gove joke, its a… LAUGHTER Its a good joke. So, h… W… Have people brought friends with them? Cos that often makes it go worse, if people… LAUGHTER I know whats happened, people that used to come and see me in the little cellar at the Pavilion like 30 years ago, youve gone, Oh, hell never fill the Palace Theatre Southend for two nights. Lets help him out and well buy four tickets, and well bring Alan and Claire, and theyre… LAUGHTER Theyre sitting next to you, your mates, nudging you and going, Is this him, is this the main one? LAUGHTER Is it just this all night? Just a man complaining about things? Yes, it is, until at least ten oclock. LAUGHTER Dont bring your friends because its filled it up with the wrong people, hasnt it? LAUGHTER So, this perfectly serviceable stuff is floundering. LAUGHTER Its not help… I dont need your help to fill up. This is all sold out. LAUGHTER If youre going, No, it isnt, Stew, theres two there for starters, right, theyre… All the seats are sold, right? Everythings sold. Whats happened to me in the last few years, and I dont really understand why, right, but Ive become popular enough that the ticket touts buy these seats, Stub Hub and that, and they try and resell them online. But Im not popular enough for anyone in Southend to pay six times over the odds… LAUGHTER Dont imagine that disheartens me, those empty seats. Someones bought them, right? So, Ive got the money. Its fine. LAUGHTER Its actually better cos it means Ive got the money but there isnt one of your stupid friends sitting in them going, What are these nouns, how do words work? You know… LAUGHTER Thats my dream – an entirely sold out empty room. LAUGHTER Which would eliminate the main problem with all my work, which is the publics ongoing inability to recognise its genius. Its… LAUGHTER This is a very difficult time in history to do stand-up and I would appreciate your blanket support, to be honest. Its very… Its very… Look, I went back on the road in September, I did a week in Oxford, right? Thats Remain. Then I did Doncaster. Thats Leave. Then I did Glasgow, Remain. Dartford, Leave. This is about 60-40 in favour of Leave, wasnt it? And the Remain-voting cities, now, they loom out of the map, dont they? Like fantasy citadels in a Tolkien-esque landscape. LAUGHTER Wondrous walled cities full of wizards and poets… LAUGHTER ..and people who could understand data. LAUGHTER In the middle of a vast, swampy fen, with, Here there be trolls written over it. LAUGHTER Yeah, down here, laughter up there. People going, hang on… Trolls, Stew? Thats not a very fair way, you know… We are in Leave-voting Southend-on-Sea. Trolls, thats not a very fair way to describe the English and Welsh majority that exercised their democratic right to vote to leave the EU. And it isnt, to be fair. You know, and I think, look, were going to leave the EU. That is happening. And I think people have got to put their differences behind them now and try and make it work. And I dont know if you can make massive generalisations about people that voted to leave Europe anyway because people voted to leave Europe for all sorts of different reasons, you know, and it wasnt just racists that voted to leave Europe. LAUGHTER Cunts did as well, didnt they? LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE Stupid fucking cunts. LAUGHTER Racists… LAUGHTER ..and cunts… LAUGHTER NASALLY: ..and people with legitimate anxieties about ever-closer political ties to Europe. LAUGHTER Dear Palace Theatre Southend… LAUGHTER ..please inform the comedian, and I use that word advisedly… LAUGHTER ..Stewart Lee, who I had the misfortune of being taken along to see by friends last night… LAUGHTER ..that I actually voted to leave Europe, and I am neither a racist nor a cunt… LAUGHTER ..merely someone with genuine anxieties about ever-closer political ties to Europe. Yours, A Cunt. LAUGHTER Burnham-on-Crouch. LAUGHTER Thats where they live, isnt it? Burnham-on-Crouch. You know what? I dont know anything about Burnham-on-Crouch. I just drove through it, I thought, Thatll do for that joke. LAUGHTER Its the first time its got a laugh. LAUGHTER So… Yes, welcome to the music hall. So… No, but its difficult. You cant make massive… To be fair, you cant make massive generalisations about people that voted to leave Europe. People did vote to leave Europe for all sorts of different… They did, dont snigger away down there! They voted for all… You know, not everyone that voted to leave Europe wanted to see Britain immediately descend into being an unaccountable single party state, exploiting peoples worst prejudices to maintain power indefinitely. Some people just wanted bendy bananas, didnt they? Aw, no! I only wanted bendy bananas… and now theres this chaotic inferno of hate. Ah well, never mind. At least the bananas are all bendy again, arent they? Like they always fucking were. A lot of people voted to leave Europe as a protest vote, which, I understand that, I sympathise with it. If you spend your life driving around the country, like me, you can see the disparity that would drive that. My best friend of 35 years, Ian, actually voted to leave Europe as a protest vote. But I believe it was I who wrote… GENTLE LAUGHTER Still these people doing the work, isnt it? Down here, theres a… LAUGHTER Theres a big laugh there that was missed, right, and Im filming this, and I would appreciate… LAUGHTER OK, where… What… Where the… Do you know what? Im going to try. Im going to try and sort this out now, for the filming, so… Where the laugh should have been there, right, is when I went… SMALL GROUP LAUGHS I know you know, its… LAUGHTER I know, sir! LAUGHTER The kind of people that like me, innit? MAN LAUGHS Yeah, you. LAUGHTER Cackling sycophants. LAUGHTER The people that are with him hate him, because he goes to them, Have you not heard of Stewart Lee? Hes amazing, I cant believe it. Probably the best comedian… No, hes not been on Live At The Apollo, obviously. You know, I think when youve seen him, you cant really watch other comedians. Its more like art, really. Yeah. The kind of people that like me, innit? Wankers, basically. But, you know, without them, that was… OK, the laugh there should have been when I said… I believe it was I who wrote, right? What theyre laughing at down there, theyre going, Oh, yeah, hes parodying the idea, the perception of myself as a sort of patronising elitist who would quote his own work as a… But, you know, youre just going, What an arrogant man, arent you? Up there, so its not… But anyway, try and listen in and close the gaps up because we need to… LAUGHTER So, I believe it was I who wrote… LAUGHTER I dont accept the second laugh. I only take the first one, so… It was me, it was in the Observer, it was a very clever piece. David Mitchells ill a lot, isnt he? So… I wrote, Voting to leave Europe as a protest vote is a bit like shitting your hotel bed as a protest against bad service and then realising you now have to sleep in a shitted bed. And my friend Ian, my best friend, Leave voter, he said to me, Your metaphor doesnt make sense, Stew. He said, By your own admission, the EU is institutionally flawed and freedom of movement can lead to exploitation of the labour market, so in a way, he said, There was already some shit in the bed. And I said, Yes, Ian, but if theres already some shit in the bed, you dont fix that by doing even more shit… ..into the already shatted bed. And my friend Ian said, No, you move into a different bed. And I said, Yes, Ian, but what if that different bed, instead of some shit, has got Boris Johnson in it? And my friend Ian reluctantly conceded that he would remain in the original shatted bed. Now, that joke initially appeared in the Observer, as I said, leading to a lively below-the-line online debate amongst readers as to whether the past participle of shit was shatted or shitted. Very much a key market for me, those people. The left-leaning, scatological pedant community. But the out-of-touch metropolitan liberal elites, they didnt see that Brexit vote coming, did they? The out-of-touch, metropolitan, liberal elites. Who are the metropolitan liberal elites? Well, according to Garry Bushell, in the Daily Star, if youre in my audience, its you. And never has that been less true than it is here tonight, in Southend-on-Sea… LAUGHTER AND CHEERING ..in a hive of racists. So… Who are… Who are the metropolitan liberal elite? The metropolitan liberal elite, I think, are… Theyre the sort of people who preferred the Labour Party in the 90s, when they looked like a load of coke dealers at an advertising agency… ..as opposed to now, when they look like Catweazle and his army of furious tramps. Fighting each other to the death over the last bottle of Diamond White… ..in a burning skip in a Lidl car park. I live in London, in N16, north London, which is classic out-of-touch metropolitan liberal elites territory. N16, north London. This is how out of touch the metropolitan liberal elite are, where I live, in north London. The weekend before the vote, the Brexit vote, a bloke I vaguely know, he sent out a tweet and he said, Dont worry about the Brexit vote, he said. Ive just been out for brunch in a gastropub in Islington, and absolutely no-one theres voting to leave. So, in a way, they had it coming, didnt they? With their spiralisers… Yeah, the courgettes taste the same, dont they? Whatever shape the… That tells you a lot about the room, doesnt it? Look, down here, amongst the elite, the spiraliser jokes, theyre going, Ah-ha! And as we spread up there, friends of the theatre, What is a spiraliser? And then right at the top, some lone usher, Whats a courgette? The joke… The joke failing on three levels. Three levels, simultaneously. Only I can give you this, triple simultaneous joke failure, there. So… But, er, whatever your line of work, whatever your politics, youre going to be affected by the Brexit. I am a content provider in my job, and Ive spent the best part of three decades now travelling around the country, providing stand-up comedy content from a sort of centre-left, liberal position. Ive done very well out of it, Im not going to lie. But the problem Ive got now is, how do you write a one-size-fits-all stand-up show to tour around divided Brexit Britain? It is very difficult. You know, you might have a joke Tuesday night, youre in Harrogate, Oxford, Cambridge, Glasgow – round of applause. Next night, Lincoln – glassed in the face. By the Mayor! So, I dont know what this shows going to be when I finally abandon it at the end of the month. All I know is, whatever it ends up being, it will always open with the following sentence… So, my multiple British Comedy and Bafta award-winning BBC Two series got cancelled. Presumably because it was unprecedentedly critically acclaimed, whilst also being incredibly cheap to make. Although I notice there is money at the BBC for a proposed remake of Are You Being Served?. Educate, innovate, entertain. APPLAUSE Now… The weird thing, I think, about trying to remake Are You Being Served? at the moment is that the British retail industry doesnt really exist any more, does it? The new Are You Being Served? should be set in an Amazon delivery warehouse. Mrs Slocombe stands in a massive shed off the M6… ..making incomprehensible cat-based double entendres… ..about her own vagina… ..to loads of poorly-paid and soon-to-be-deported Eastern European workers. QUIET LAUGHTER No, again, nothing from you on that? Its a big… A big news story, that, the, uh… Actually, you know what? That used to be… All last year, that was a big laugh, that joke, but its sort of gone off the boil since Christmas. Its not really your fault. It stopped working, that joke, and I was, um… I was trying to think why it was. It was good. All last year, it worked. What it is, I think, is… OK, if you think about how stand-up works, right? Basically, you either overstate a perceived truth for comic effect or you overstate a contrary position for comic effect, and all stand-up is basically those two binary positions recombined. Er… Yeah, thats ruined it for everyone, hasnt it? Thats bankrupted Netflix. But, um… But… So, why that was working last year was because the perception was, wasnt it, that the Europeans werent being told they could stay after Brexit, and that was a sort of negotiating tool for Theresa May in Brussels. So, Id go… ..soon-to-be-deported Eastern European workers and the audience would go, Ha-ha, yeah, thats true! Ha-ha, like that. But then… The last gig I did before Christmas was December 9th, and I did that joke in London and it sort of went off half-cocked, like tonight. And I thought, well, why is that? Theres normally some reason. So, I went home and I googled it. And what had happened that day, or the day before – and I didnt know, but the audience obviously did – was that in Brussels, Theresa May had said that Europeans could remain after Brexit. So, I went, Soon-to-be-deported Eastern European workers, and some people went Ah-ha!, and then other people with them went, No, she said they can stay now. Is that right, yeah? Oh, its not funny, then. So… That was the last gig before Christmas. The next one was January 2nd and I thought, Maybe I should cut that line, but I didnt want to, cos it gets me from the joke about Amazon into another joke about charity shops, right? And its just a smooth… Erm… So I thought, Ill hold on to it, see what happens, you know? And then… So, I did it again, January 2nd. And its a well-constructed joke, as well. I know that, cos it goes… It goes, Na na na na na na na na, na na na na na… soon-to-be-deported Eastern European workers. Bang, like that. Its got a hard… It ends on, or near, a hard consonant, which is important, as well. Work…workers. Bang, like that. Thats how you… If you look at Frankie Boyle or Jimmy Carr, all their jokes end on hard consonants. Bang! And that sort of triggers the laugh. With me, its a little bit different. I… I dont always end on a hard consonant. Sometimes, Ill put an extra beat in after it. And thats why a lot of you are sitting there going, This guys hilarious, but I dont know why. And its because Im, um… The comics you go and see normally, theyre sort of in 4/4 time, but Im like… Its like a jazz thing, really. It could go… I know where the beat is, but Im… Its probably too advanced, what Im talking about. So its, um… Im not saying its better than them, but its… WHISPERS: Yeah, it is. Well, its… But, so… Anyway, I did it again on January 2nd, Soon-to-be-deported Eastern European workers, bang! And there was even less laughs than three weeks previously. So, I thought, Well, whats going on here? So, I went and looked on all the news. What had happened – I didnt know – was a few days after Theresa May had said the Europeans could stay after Brexit, somebody, a reporter, said to David Davis, the negotiator, they said to him, So, the Europeans can stay? And he went, Well, we said that in Brussels, but we can just change it, we dont have to abide by it. So, I think what happened on the night was, I went, Soon-to-be-deported Eastern European workers, and somebody went, Ah, yeah, and other people went, No, Theresa May said they could stay. Oh. And then someone else went, No, David Davis has said its… And in that moment, the laugh had gone, really. Because if you think about it… ..laughters a very instinctive thing, isnt it? You just laugh. You dont sort of canvass opinion about people around you and then decide… So, it doesnt work, that joke, but what Im saying is, its not my… Its not my fault. Its because theres not…theres… We dont know what the Government position is, so its… You cant write a joke in relation to it when its not clear… Do you see what Im saying? What Im saying is, theres not… Its not my… Theres not enough… The problem is, at the moment, theres not enough clarity in the negotiating position for that joke to work. Do you know, I dread to think how this is affecting people in other lines of work, because… You know, I mean, Im… Im trying to… Im just trying to get a joke that would get me from Amazon to charity shops, and the lack of clarity in the Brussels negotiations means its… You know, what if youre trying to order staff or supplies? Its just… Im not trying to make this all about me. Im saying its a bigger… You know, whatever your politics, youve got to admit it, its a difficult… I mean, I dont know if theres enough trained negotiators in this country for vast swathes of this show to ever be funny again, to be honest. But, anyway, what Im saying is, its… It used to be a big… ..uh, laugh there, but the, the… ..the circumstances havent so much changed as theyve just become unclear, so its very difficult to know whether to cut it or rewrite it, because you could change it, couldnt you? And then the next thing you know… You… HE SIGHS Who even goes shopping now? Yeah, see, that feels weird now. Cos thats… Thats supposed to come off the back of, Blah-blah-blah, Amazon – who even goes shopping now? Who even goes shopping now? Even the… Ugh, come on! Even… Yes, we can hear one person clapping on their own. You know, thats the terrible thing, Ive got hearing… Ive got hearing aids now, the last couple of years. So, in the silence, I can hear one man clapping, and sort of encouraging, patronising… Go on! People up there, the friends of the theatre, I can hear them going, He doesnt seem to be able to do stand-up. I can, I… Im very good at it! I can do what you think stand-up is, this is what you like, isnt it? CHIRPILY: Who even goes shopping now?! Who goes shopping now?! Ooh! I dont, do you? No, ooh! Thats what you like, innit? Who even goes shopping now? You know… Even the charity shops are doing home deliveries, arent they? No. They fuck…! They fucking are! If I say… Who even goes shopping? Even the charity shops are doing home… Theyre not. They are! So… They are! So, if you ever fancy getting 100 copies of the last Rufus Hound Live stand-up DVD… ..for a pound, 1p each, yeah, you dont even have to leave the house. Why? Because the charity shops are doing home deliveries. Theyre not, mate, its not cost effective! They are! Theyve got kids on bikes… Theyve got drones doing it. If you… HE SPLUTTERS The charity shops are doing home deliveries! Theyre not! They are. So, if you ever fancy getting 100 copies of the same Alan Carr Live DVD for a pound… 1p each?! Yeah! GASPING: You dont even have to leave the house… Why? The charity shops are doing home… You know what? Forget it. Forget the fuck… Im going to do this routine. Im on high blood pressure medication. Its not… Its not safe for me to perform this routine with the level of commitment the upper circle of Southend appear to require! I dont want to die doing this, here. I wouldnt mind dying on stage if it was like Tommy Cooper. Do you remember that, older people? Tommy Cooper, when he died on stage at the London Palladium. And Im not trying to take the piss. It was an amazing thing and a brilliant way to go out for a comedian. 7,000 people in the room all laughing, and he died, and they thought it was a joke. It was an amazing way to go out for a comedian. But I wouldnt want to die here in this gig. With him, clapping sycophant, on Twitter afterwards, going, Uh, Ive just seen Stewart Lees last gig. What was it like? It was a struggle for him in many ways. It was a shame. It was a real… A lot of people werent into it. But, yeah, it wasnt… It…it was not his best. He looked ill, actually. He looked ill. He looked like he was struggling, you know? Well drop the charity shop routine, well move onto the next bit. There is no charity shop routine. There is no charity shop routine, mate. Every night, I just pretend… Its the best bit as well, what a shame! What a shame… Each night is exactly the same. All the things happen, they happen the same every night, and somehow the sort of cross-section of people that comes to see me, whether Im in Aberdeen or Southend, they seem to be the same. They are self-replicating. No place is any different to the other, and the show goes beat-for-beat the same every night, and I dont know how long I can carry on doing that. Well, I mean, especially with the state of you, youre obviously in the worst physical condition of your life. Performing at this level with this degree of enthusiasm… Its going to kill you, isnt it? Its going to kill me. Its going to kill me. And this will not be one of those memorable Tommy Cooper… No. ..demises, in front of an audience of loving, affectionate… Yeah. ..happy, contented laughing people. Yeah. This will be in front of your audience. Well, the worst thing that could possibly happen is on the verge of dying on stage and getting a Tommy-Cooper-like send-off, Ill somehow manage to shuffle off and expire in the wings, which will have no comic or artistic value whatsoever. All Im saying is this, right? All those 90s and noughties TV panel show, Live At The Apollo, Netflix comedians, right? You can get all their live DVDs, second-hand, on the internet, on Amazon, on eBay, for 1p each. All of them, 1p! But the cheapest that you can get… LAUGHTER Well, well see how funny it is, wont we, madam? When we hear… When we hear how much it is. The cheapest that you can get my 2004 live DVD for, second-hand on the internet, how much do you think it is, madam? This is a quick little exchange, really, that… ..speeds the evening along. £5? Have you seen this before? Have you tried to fuck this up on purpose? For Gods sake, tonight of all the… Its not £5, no. You panicked, didnt you? I could see… £5… Its £3.67. Now… Right, whats happened the other… ..208 nights of this tour – its £3.67, my DVD. I go to the person there, I say, How much do you think it is? They go, 50p, or £1, or 10p, or something, which is less than £3.67. And then I say, £3.67. And theres a kind of mock heroic triumph in the room, people going, Yes! Aah! More than they said, yeah! But whats happened tonight, you werent to know, were you? Its very kind of you to think that it would be five… Whats your name, madam? What is it? No, dont shake your head, you have a name! What is it? Annette. Annette, yeah. Annette, very kindly, has… ..massively overestimated the… Shes gone £5, Ive gone £3.67. And where theres normally joy, the people of Southend are already struggling, look at them. Theyve gone… Theyve gone, Ooh, thats awkward, isnt it? Because its less. Its much less than he said. So, thats ruined. But… Thats normally another bit where theres a bit of a lift, but all those bits tonight are being sabotaged, so thats good. But, um… So, er… This is… Ill be really amazed if this makes the edit, but if it does, then thats the camera to get it on there. So… Its £3.67, right? Which is still… Yes, thats right, cry and blow your nose. Its still… Its still 367 times more than anybody elses second-hand live DVD, right? But that would have been… You could have cheered a little bit there, couldnt you? And recovered from the damage that your representative has done to the evening. But instead, Brexit-vague Southend have sat there and thought, Lets make this bloke suffer and then… Its 367 times more than anybody elses, right? Which is… You know what? CHEERING Dont patronise me, its too late. LAUGHTER No, forget it! The moment… WHISTLING AND APPLAUSE Right, you can clap! You can clap and cheer as sarcastically as you like, Southend! But it doesnt change the fact that I am the £3.67 king of the obsolete physical media market, right? But theres a reason for that, and its this, OK? I always sell DVDs and books after the gig, I probably wont bother tonight, to be honest, but I normally do. And the cheapest that I can get the 2004 live DVD at source, new, from the warehouse in Colchester is £3.50, OK? So, I have to put it on for ten quid, right? Because I have to give 10% to 25% commission to the venue, thats £2.50 off the ten, 15% to the promoters, thats another £1.50 off the ten, thats four gone. Another 15% to the agent, thats £1.50, thats £5.50 gone off the ten. £3.50 for the DVD in the first place. Thats £9 gone off the ten. This doesnt normally get laughs, but Im happy to take whatever comes from the Southend Accountants Theatre Trip up there at the back! This is the bit I told you about. Its hilarious! Because presumably, hes self-employed, schedule D, but he doesnt seem to have realised that he could put the initial DVD purchase through as a tax-deductible business… I do, right? Why is this going better than proper jokes? Just… Right, I do know that! But I put the… I put it through at the end of each quarter, not with the balance of each… It doesnt make any difference, as long as you… Who are you?! Whos come to this?! Politics, words, were not interested in that. What we like is numbers being added up! So, youve got a pound… When I did this tonight, I thought, I hope its a really unique night that were filming, and it fucking is! Right? So, youve got £1 left, right? Thats taxed, isnt it? Business rates… 22%, so youve got 78p left from the ten. Then theres other costs – transport, storage. So, basically, a £3.50 DVD sold for ten quid, Im normally looking at about 60p, 70p profit, right? So, what I do, OK? I can never sleep after gigs, right, because of the crazed adrenaline rush that is surge… Come on, look at what youve seen me dealing with! Ive got a woman here, right, normally people go for 10p, that works. She said £5, its the highest anyones ever said in 18 months. But it didnt floor me, did it? No. Ive rolled with it. I came, I went, No. Its not… I did! You couldnt do this. If you were to do this, youd cry. You couldnt do this. And thats why Im up here like a god, right? And youre down there in the dark, like pigs in an Essex ditch. So, Im awake, so what I do, I cant sleep, I go on the internet, I go on Amazon, I go on eBay, drunk, right? And first of all, I buy loads of 1970s Turkish funk albums, right? Yeah – Mogollar, Selda, Erkin Koray – the usual names. Bunalim, Stew? No, too metal. So… What do you want? So… I love the adding up and the Turkish funk stuff. Other than that… SCATTERED APPLAUSE Its getting applause, the Turkish funk stuff. Yeah, Im bang on the meme. So… Does that exist, that phrase? Have I invented it, whats going on? So… When… When Ive… When Ive bought all the Turkish funk, right, I start looking around for that 2004 live DVD, and if I see it anywhere second-hand for less than £3.50 – £3.40, £3.35 – I buy it, slip it in with the new ones… Im looking at an extra 10 or 15 pence profit. I tell you what, tonight, for that bit, its good to be out of London and be in Essex, because in London, the sort of people that live there now, when I do that, they go, Huh, 15 pence? But all you lot, ex… Expatriate Cockney market trading, arent you? 15p? Thats a good return on that! Weve left London now. I know why. Sometimes you get lucky, theres a company on the internet called Music Magpie. They had 20 copies of it for £3.40 each, right? And I bought them all, OK? And the bloke at Music Magpie – Rick, hes called – he sent me a sarcastic note with the order, he put, How sad, he put, How sad, buying your own DVDs second-hand on the internet. But it isnt sad, is it? Because I made two quid on that, clear profit. So my DVDs are £3.67, that is 367 times, Annette, more than any other stand-ups second-hand DVD live. But, to be fair, theres a reason for that. Im like a corrupt banker, arent I? Ive kind of manipulated the market to drive up the perception of my commodity in the marketplace, you know? To be fair to Jimmy Carr, for example – whose DVDs are all 1p second-hand on the internet – Hes not awake, is he, at two oclock in the morning buying his own DVDs second-hand on Amazon to resell off a trestle table in Southend-on-Sea. Hes not doing that. Imagine if he was? Imagine if Jimmy Carr was on Amazon buying something that he never paid the tax on what he got paid for doing it in the first place, from a company that dont pay any of their tax either. Is it possible to imagine a more tax-avoiding transaction than Jimmy Carr buying a Jimmy Carr DVD on Amazon? Only if he found it using Google on a Vodafone phone whilst paying Gary Barlow to spit cold Starbucks coffee into his splayed anus… ..while the cast of Mrs Browns Boys stand around singing I Still Havent Found What Im Looking For. Theres not a single taxable juncture in the entire transaction! Now, if youve been looking carefully, youll notice the whole of this set tonight is actually made entirely out of other stand-up comedians second-hand live DVDs. I wasnt trying to make fun of anyone, what I wanted to do was get all the DVDs and pile them up and then hang hessian sacking over them so they looked like the rocks and cliffs in that painting. But I didnt do that idea in the end, but I dont want anyone to think Im trying to make fun of the other comedians by making this set out of their DVDs. Im not. Its just that other comedians live DVDs are currently the cheapest building material available. APPLAUSE Of course, what I hadnt factored in is that its actually quite depressing to look at this every night for a year. You know, it is, because I am a comedian, right? And, you know, I got all of these DVDs for 1p online, or 50p in that CEX exchange place. And of course, what is sad is, there are actually lots of really good ones here. And its very depressing… ..to think of them just becoming a sort of pile of worthless landfill. No, but it is sad, because…because… Well, this was a big deal, wasnt it? The Christmas comedy DVD market and thats…thats over. And everythings in collapse, you know? The Government are trying to close down the BBC. I dont know how thatll affect comedy. Actually, after the second series I did for the BBC, I got offered more money by Sky to go and do two series for them. But I didnt. I didnt go to Sky and I stayed at the BBC for less money. And Ive not talked about this on stage before. All right, Ill tell you why. Its because I think if you make an ethical choice about something, its a private matter and you shouldnt go around crowing… ..crowing it from the rooftops to try and engineer the perception of yourself as some kind of national cake-baking treasure. Know what I mean? But I started talking about it on stage last year. And in the summer, Skys lawyers sent me a very threatening cease-and-desist letter saying I wasnt to say Sky had offered me more money than the BBC, because they hadnt. And I went through the paperwork, and I went, Theres the offer, theres the minutes of the meeting. So they… They backed off. But that gives you an indication of the extent to which Im a pariah in the comedy business, that a broadcaster would take legal action to deny ever having wanted to work with me. But theres all sorts of reasons not to appear on Rupert Murdochs evil Sky and one of them, of course, is that I know its not really me they want. They dont want me. They want you to watch Sky because Im on it. They want you, the ABC1, going-to-the-theatre, reading sort of people, to start watching Sky so they can advertise the sorts of things that you buy. Like cappuccinos and spiralisers and courgettes. If you watch Sky at the moment, all the advertising is for knives, masking tape and bin bags. You know, I wish I had gone to Sky, for the money, right, but I cant. Because if you are a sort of broadly liberal comedian and you appear on Rupert Murdochs evil Sky, my concern is youre going to lose your core audience, which tonight is about seven people down there in Southend. Alan Partridge, the fictional character, he can appear on Rupert Murdochs evil Sky because that is exactly the kind of channel Alan Partridge would appear on if he was real, isnt it? You know, if you were watching Sky News and Eamonn Holmes came on and then Kay Burley and then Alan Partridge youd go, Ooh, Sky have raised the quality of their journalism. And I wish I could appear on Sky for the money, I wish I could, right, but I cant. Because the character of Stewart Lee that Ive created… ..would have smug, liberal, moral objections to appearing on Sky. And Im coming to hate the character of Stewart Lee. Im coming to despise the character of Stewart Lee in the same way as Rod Hull came to hate Emu. I even hate this, what Im saying now. Pretentious, meta-textual, self-aware shit. Whats wrong with proper jokes? Thats what I say to me. You know, Russell Howard‘s not involved in an ongoing interrogation of the divided self, is he? No, hes going… Weve all done it. Youve run out of toilet roll, you use a sock. His own clothing. For excrement! What is that? Observational comedy from a Victorian mental hospital? Weve all done it. You wake up, dont you, about six in the morning?  ‘Get up! Then about 11 oclock, the gentry come round, dont they, in their top hats, smashing you in the face with canes, then in the afternoon, youre chained to a bed and spat at. You try and escape. Weve all done it. Id go and see that. All the young, 20-something comedians, in their 20s. They all complain to me about me doing a joke about Russell Howard, all the 20-somethings. They go, DRONING VOICE: Aw, mate… Ma-a-a-ate! Aww-w! Ma-a-a-a-a-ate! Aw, mate! Aaw! Aw, mate! Aaw! A-A-Aw, ma-a-a-a-ate. Mate, no! Aw… Aw, mate, no! No! No, mate! Aw! Mate, no! Mate, what have you…? Aw, mate. What you having a go at Russell Howard for, mate? Aw, mate. Mate? Hey, mate. Mate. Ma-a-a-ate. Mate, why you having a go at Russell, mate? Mate, what…? Wha-a-a-a-a…? Mate, what you having a go at Russell Howard for, mate? Mate, what you having a go at Russell Howard for? Aaahhh! A-A-A-Ah! Mate, what you having a go at Russell Howard for, mate? Mate, what you having a go at Russell Howard for, mate? Mate. Mate. Mate, mate. Mate, what…? Whuuuhhhh… Uhhh! What you having a go at Russell Howard for, mate? Mate? Mate? What you having…? Whhuuuhhh… What you having a go at Russell Howard for, mate? Mate, what you having a go at Russell Howard for, mate? What you having a go at whaa…whuuh…maaaa? What you having a go at Russell Howard for, mate? They all stick up for him. Its not even fair. I did one joke about Russell Howard, about ten years ago, and thats all. One joke. Admittedly, it was 58 minutes long. It wasnt even about him. It was about a press release about him, which was stupid, right? I liked him, to be honest. I hate him now, though. Its not even his fault, its my fault entirely, right? And why I hate Russell Howard is this, OK? Now, this is… Oh, right. OK, this is the last sort of seven, eight-minute bit of the first half. This… This ends on a sentence that normally gets such a big laugh that I dont even have to wrap up the show. I just walk off while people are still going, Ha-ha-ha! That wont happen tonight, and I think we know why. Its because, God bless them, loads of people have come along tonight. Theyve thought, Oh, somethings come to Southend, lets go and see it. And this joke relies on people having seen me before or knowing something about me. Id like to drop this bit, to be honest, but I cant. But its, um… It looks very relaxed, but actually its a very tightly structured show and I cant drop this bit cos theres stuff in it that sets up things in the second half, so I have to do it. So well just get through it and then well have a… Right, OK. The reason I hate Russell Howard is this, OK? Its because my family, right, theyre very nice, OK? But they dont… I love them, but they dont read the sort of papers where I get good reviews. They dont know the sort of people that would like me. Theyre like a lot of the people that have come tonight. And, um… If they ever see a bit of film of me on YouTube or something like that, they think its so bad, right, what I do, that they cant believe I can actually make a living out of this, and in fact, they dont believe it. So when they talk to me about stand-up, they talk to me about it in a sort of sympathetic tone of voice. As if they think Im a delusional mad man, who imagines that hes a stand-up comedian, and if I was to find out that I wasnt, I would have a mental breakdown. So they sort of ring me up and they go, Hello. And how is your stand-up comedy going? Cos thats your job, isnt it? And you do that, dont you, for your work, in your actual life? Im going, Yeah, its fine, Im just coming to the end of an 18-month tour, actually. Im sure you are. Been going all round, havent you, and people are all laughing and no-ones walking out? The worst one is my brother-in-law, right? Hes a really nice bloke, hes 57 and I really like him. Im very lucky to have him, but were different sort of people. Hes the kind of bloke wholl ring me up and hell go, Yeah, I saw you on TV last night having a go at Farage. Quite badly misjudged, I thought. But hes really great, and, erm… No, he is! I really… No, I do, I really like him. But he came to see me once about three years ago in London and it was a proper, normal… Right, this is a five-star show, right? Im just letting you know. This has had across-the-board, five-star reviews, right? So Im just letting you know that if theres a problem in this room tonight, its not on this side of the stage, thats all Im saying, right? OK? A five-star show, all right? It doesnt feel like it tonight, does it? It feels like a four with occasional lurches down towards a three, but it is a five. Anyway, my brother-in-law came to see me in London, a proper, normal, five-star night, not like tonight, full of wilful obstruction, indifference and people wandering out. It was a normal, five-star… But he just didnt like it, you know. And he, afterwards, he looked so ashamed and embarrassed he couldnt meet my eye. I thought he was going to be sick in the foyer. But to be fair to him, my brother-in-law, he has no frame of reference whatsoever for this, right? Cos hes only ever seen one other thing live in his whole life and that was, in 1986, at Lancaster Polytechnic, he saw Deacon Blue. And I can see him, with his mate in the room, hes going, What is this? Its nothing like Deacon Blue, what is it? Anyway, he rings me up, Hello, hows your comedy? Thats your work, isnt it? Im going, Yeah, its fine. I said to him, You sound in a good mood. He said, I am in a good mood. I said, Why? And he said, Well, he said, weve been very lucky, he said. Weve managed to secure two tickets, 18 months in advance, to the sold-out Royal Albert Hall run of our favourite TV stand-up comedian of all time, Russell Howard. And I went, Oh. And he said, You sound surprised. And I went, Well, Ive just never met an adult, you know, that was going to see Russell… Its for kids, isnt it? For kids. And, erm… But… And he said to me, Dont you think hes any good? I went, Yeah, hes great, you know. And then he said to me, in a sarcastic voice, my own brother-in-law, he said to me, Yes, he said, not like you, then, he said, the most critically acclaimed stand-up in Britain. Well, thats where the big laugh is, normally. Nothing, was there? A SINGLE CLAP Yeah, well, bit late for that. SCATTERED APPLAUSE OK, well… Right, why that normally gets a laugh, right…? I see… That is normally such a big laugh I just… People are going, Ah-ha! and I just walk off. I go… OK. Right, it doesnt matter. Its nice, actually, that so many people have come that didnt really know me and have… OK, what it is, why thats… OK, you dont know, right, but why its funny, right, he said to me, Of course, YOURE the most critically acclaimed stand-up in Britain, like Im not, but I AM, right? So thats why… And they know that. Thats why theyre laughing while the rest of youre going, Well… No, I am, I am. Im not… No, thats why it normally… Dont fucking shake your head at me, right? This… Its not up for debate, right? Im the most critically acclaimed stand-up in Britain this century, so its funny that your own family member wouldnt… Would not… Im not saying Im the best, right? Im the most critically acclaimed, Im not saying Im the best. Theres loads of stand-ups better than me. I mean, theres… Theres Daniel Kitson… Ah, theres loads. No, I am, I know. So people going… I can see them, going, He cant be, can he? What? Theres people walking out. Youve made this seem arrogant, but its actually a very humble joke cos its about how… Fuck! Right, I have got…I have got… Ive got two…? Ive got three British Comedy Awards, I think. I might have two. I cant remember, Ive got so many. Ive got… Ive got a Bafta. Ive got… ..an Olivier Award. None of these people have got that, have they, an Olivier Award? Ive got six Chortle Awards, which is the industry… So… It is! Ive got six consecutive ones for Best Touring Show. What dyou want me to do? I cant… You know, this… This isnt an end to a half, is it? A man pleading the case for his own… ..genius while people file out? Christs sake. Lets sort this out, right? Right, OK, I appreciate so many people coming, taking a punt on this, not knowing what it is. I know its hard to get baby-sitters, all that sort of thing. Lets sort this out. Lets kick the second half up to five, right? We can fix this. What Im going to do… Dont go, stop hanging around the doorway. Give me two minutes, right? Im going to fix this. What Im going to do, just quickly, right, Im going to go over some of the jokes that are coming up in the second half… No, because then they can ask people about them and… I cant afford to lose any more of you. Right, in the second half, right, theres going to be… Thisll take a minute, right? Theres going to be two more jokes about Deacon Blue, the 80s Scottish… Right, theyre not hilarious jokes, right, but what they are, theyre what we call call-backs and they tie back to the earlier mention of Deacon Blue and they give the show the illusion of structure, right? Which is what raises us above the apes, I think. Or visiting American stand-ups, as I call them. Oh, come on, youve seen them, havent you? Youre at the O2, seeing the American stand-up. Its 95 quid for their 42-minute club set and youre sitting there watching the American stand-up and youre going… We dont have those cakes here, mate. We dont have those cakes. OK, all Im saying, right, is, I dont go to New York and do two hours on Mr Kipling, do I? You know, Im not in Madison Square Garden going, And theres like a shortbread bit… Then theres jam on there… Then theres, like, a Bakewell… Is this on? So to get everyone in the mood, I thought Id play the first Deacon Blue album, Raintown, at half-time, right? And I found it, second-hand, on the internet, 69p. Thats not very good, is it, Annette? 69p, no! I could teach Deacon Blue a thing or two about online reputation management. What I dont understand is, theres six of them, they should be on the internet in shifts, driving that price up. Dyou know, if there were six of me, my DVD would be about £5? APPLAUSE Thats right. You are right to clap. So what you do there, you get a problem, its not a problem, you store it away, bring it back later on. I know youre laughing, the people up there, theyre going, No-one could be that good. She is a plant, that woman. He takes her round the whole country and she shouts out, ‘£5.  Youre not a plant, are you, Annette? No. Only four more shows left, anyway. You dont know whats going on now, do you? So I ordered it off Music Magpie, Deacon Blues first album, and the bloke, Rick, at Music Magpie, he sent me an e-mail. He said, Were sorry to inform you that Raintown by Deacon Blue, order 2032917358, has failed its final quality inspection. So I said, Well, dont worry if the case is damaged. I just need to play the music at half-time. And he said, No, not its physical quality inspection. Deacon Blues mix of soulful singer-songwriter sensibilities and plastic mid-80s production values has not aged well. But we notice from our files that all your fans who buy your live DVDs from us then go on to buy 1970s Turkish funk albums. So as a goodwill gesture, heres some to play in your interval. Thats the interval now. TURKISH FUNK MUSIC PLAYS After what is, by your own admission, a very disappointing end to the first half on every single night of the tour, which must be especially dispiriting. Yeah. But what do you actually do during an intermission? Do you cry, do you comfort eat, or…? Well, I go offstage and I sit in the dressing room and then I go online and I look to see if anyones said anything about it on Twitter. Thats what I do every night. And hopefully, theres bad things on Twitter. But then I go out in a more depressed and angry mood, which helps with the persona for the second half. So I basically contrive a character by looking at things that will confirm it. I see that youre still clinging to the notion that the comedian Stewart Lee is somehow an entity that is separate from yourself. How would you respond to people, often close friends and associates, who say that you are pretty much like that all the time? Well, it didnt use to be the case and I think now whats happened is, I toured this for 18 months and I filmed this special at the end of it, and I spent so long pretending to be the comedian Stewart Lee that I think whoever Stewart Lee was is gone now. And I am the comedian Stewart Lee and Im aware of my own obsolescence and this other Stewart Lee, who had his own life and interests, thats gone, and Im hoping I can find him again. If the comedian Stewart Lee is a character that you invented, then wouldnt you have invented a better one? Right, in the first half I said, didnt I, I was trying to do two hours on the idea of the individual in a digitised, free-market economy. I said I was going to base it around this painting, Caspar David Friedrichs 1818 German romantic masterpiece Wanderer Above A Sea Of Fog. Then I said I couldnt do that because I had to talk about Brexit. Then I did talk about Brexit for about 25 minutes. Then I got back on to talking about digital media, physical media. So that was all right, that was the first half, that was done. Then, about 16 months ago, I started writing the second half and that was coming together all right, and then America voted for Trump and there seems… OK, there seems to be an expectation everywhere that I should have written something about Americans voting for Trump. And I havent written anything about Trump because Im trying to write a show that I can keep on the road for 18 months. And as I didnt know how America voting for Trump was going to pan out, I didnt write anything about it in case I couldnt keep it in the show for the full length of the tour and monetise the work Ive done. So I havent written anything about America voting for Trump because I dont see the point of committing to a course of action for which there is no logical or financial justification. Well, typically, its going better down here, isnt it? Down here, the elite of Southend. Theyre going, How amusing, Lee… How amusing, Lee has used exactly the same syntax at the start of both the first and second halves with only two nouns changed in order to drive home the notion that both the Trump and Brexit victories are driven by the same populist rhetoric. How clever. People up there are going, How embarrassing, hes done the same bit twice. He must be drunk. Hes an alcoholic, I saw it on Twitter. So… You know, because Ive got a Trump bit, I have to check at half time every night that hes not been assassinated or fallen into a barrel of porn actresses or something. But it does mean that I see the same crass, anti-American generalisations online every night on social media, and it annoys me, to be honest. Because I dont know if you can make massive generalisations about Americans who voted for Trump. Because Americans voted for Trump for all sorts of different reasons. And it wasnt just racists that voted for Donald Trump… Cunts did as well, didnt they? CHEERING Yeah. Stupid, fat American cunts. The worst kind of cunts, arent they? Much worse than our British cunts, arent they? Salt of the Earth British cunts. # British cunts! # British cunts! # British Brexit-voting cunts from Southend! # But… Thats you, innit? But I dont know… But I dont know if you can make massive generalisations about Americans that voted for Trump, seriously. I mean, not all Americans that voted for Trump wanted to see America immediately descend into being an unaccountable, single-party state exploiting peoples worst prejudices to maintain power indefinitely. Some Americans just wanted to be allowed to wear their Ku Klux Klan outfits to church, didnt they? Perked up, havent you, at half time? Had a little chat, have you, with the people that brought you? Do you think hes funny, John? Yes. Oh, I do as well, then. You make me sick. Its very difficult, though, nowadays, to write a joke that everyone either understands or finds funny, you know, or relates to. And its partly because we live in such fragmented times in terms of how we consume news information. Theres no dominant, trusted news narrative. No news source. Everyones going down their own little digital wormholes. And youll be on some website and it says, Do you agree with this? Then click on this because its the same as what you already think. And no-one… No-ones got any overview, have they? And thats partly how a Trump and a Brexit can happen. It didnt used to be like that, did it, Southend? We used to be part of the collective consciousness, didnt we? In 1978, for example, 28 million British people watched the same Christmas Morecambe and Wise as it was broadcast in real time. Half the population. And this is held up as a sort of apogee of our collective experience. But it doesnt really hold water, because there was no competition then, was there? There was no DVDs. There was no internet. And there was only two other TV channels. And on one of them was a documentary about Burnham-on-Crouch. And on the other was a drawing of a clown sitting near a blackboard. And that got 27 million viewers. Did it? No. But young people today are very proud of the fact that they dont interact with conventional terrestrial media at all, arent they? They go, Mate, I dont even know what it is, mate. Terrestrial media? I just watch the internet Netflix cable download computer television. You know, I havent even got the thing that you… I havent even got any eyes. Mate. I havent even got any, you know, senses to perceive any physical stimuli. I just have memes Bluetoothed into my cortex. Have you not got the internet Netflix cable Sky computer download television, Stew? Have you not got that, mate? Its amazing. Some amazing things on the internet Netflix cable Sky. I mean theres… There are, theres some really good stuff. I mean, theres Game Of Thrones, for example. Which is… Aw, have you not seen Game Of Thrones, mate? Haaa…you not seen Game…? Uhhhhlll…. Have you not seen Game Of Thrones, mate? Its not just about a gnome, Stew. Its a dwarf anyway, youre racist against gnomes. This is a completely different thing. Have you not seen Game Of Thrones? Its not for kids, Stew. No. I mean, yeah, theres magic in it, but its not like, you know, Harry Potter or The Faraway Tree or something like… You know, what is magic anyway? Thats what I say to you. I mean magic could be, its, like, kind of energy that we dont understand yet, you know? It could be. I mean, think about it. I mean, once upon a time, you know, people would have run away from Doritos, wouldnt they? But people eat them now. And they dip. I dont. But, you know, some people, Ive seen people eating… Have you not seen Game Of Thrones? I dont know when its set Stew, no. You know, it could be in the past, yeah. Could be in the future, after Brexit. Theres a big wall, cutting off the north of the country. Everyones in rags, no-ones got any Toblerone. So it could be… Have you really not seen Game Of Thrones, mate? I mean, its not just about a dragon flying around with a hat on. Its really… Its actually, Stew, Game Of Thrones is a really amazing programme because, actually, its very clever, Game Of Thrones. Because what its actually about, its about history and, you know, philosophy and politics and things like that. Is it? Game Of Thrones? Peter Stringfellows Lord Of The Rings? APPLAUSE Bilbo Baggins at the Spearmint Rhino? Im not going to watch Game Of Thrones. I can get the same experience from sitting around with a Terry Pratchett novel in one hand and a copy of Hustlers Barely Legal in the other. Its not like that, mate, if you actually watch Game… I havent watched Game Of Thrones! If I want to understand the ongoing weft of history, while simultaneously being mildly sexually aroused, Ill forcibly dress David Starkey in Agent Provocateur underwear… ..and pay him to give a lap dance to Simon Schama. Its not like that, mate, if you actually watch Game Of… No, I havent watched Game Of Thrones. And I shall never watch Game Of Thrones. I shall take no wife… ..hold no lands… ..father no children. I shall wear no crown… ..and win no glory. And I shall not watch Game Of Thrones. Do you like that, do you, Game Of Thrones fans? Do you know what? I dont even fucking know what that is. I copied that off the back of a cup in HMV. Right, OK? No, I did. And everything I need to know to do an hour of stand-up on Game Of Thrones, I can get off a cup. So, grow up, you stupid Warhammer twat. Youre 45 years old! Its not like that, have you actually watched… No, I havent watched Game Of Thrones! If I want to understand the ongoing collapse of ancient dynasties, while simultaneously being barely semi-tumescent… ..as usual… ..Ill read Tolstoys War And Peace while sitting over the wheel arch of a diesel-powered double-decker bus. First laughs from the friends up there. Some of the older supporters of the theatre going, yeah, Remember the old days? You could get on, couldnt you? You get on the bus in Billericay, and by the time… AS A WORKING-MANS CLUB COMEDIAN: Hey, Ive got a joke for you now, Southend. Its a Game Of Thrones joke. Hey, I tell you what, you may laugh, madam – if you were my daughter, Id still be bathing you. So… Come on. It was the 1970s, it was a different time. It was a time of innocence and fun and laughter. So, Ive got a joke for you, its a Game Of Thrones joke. Eh! So… You may laugh, sir – if you were my son, Id still be bathing you. Different times, werent they, the 70s? All the children were clean, werent they, in the 70s? Werent they? Get in the bath, get out of the bath, dry yourself off, get back in the bath now! Get in the bath! So… NORMAL VOICE: Theres people up there going, Oh, now its picked up. A proper comedians come on. AS A WORKING-MANS CLUB COMEDIAN: So, Ive got a joke for you now. You may laugh, sir – if you were dead, Id still be bathing you. Different times, werent it, the 70s? You could bathe the dead, couldnt you? Is he dead? Yes, but hes clean. Oh. Nice and clean. So… Ive got a joke for you now, its a Game Of Thrones joke. Eh! I tell you what, right, theres so many naked young women in that Game Of Thrones programme that they have… Im just checking back there for the old PC thought police. Gary Lineker‘s liberal Stasi. No offence, the metropolitan liberal elite of Southend, but how fucked are you when the main champion of your liberal values is Gary Lineker? My name is Gary Lineker. I like to wake up in the morning and send out a succession of tweets in support of broadly progressive causes. Then, in the afternoon, I like to relax with a great big bag of crisps. Are you there, Gary? Hes not there tonight. Are you there? Some nights, hes there and we have a… ..we have a little chat, dont… Hello? But, no, Gary, I dont think… Well, given how the first half ended, I dont think tonight is the sort of night where the audience will go with a long, improvised dialogue with an invisible, offstage Gary Lineker. So… I know, Gary, it worked very well in Leicester, but thats your hometown. And what began as a regionally specific ad lib has gradually depreciated in value as weve gone further south. I know. So, hes not coming on tonight. Hes not there, anyway. He wont come this far south, Gary Lineker. He wont cross water. In case his crisps get damp. Anyway, I need to get on with the joke now, because the longer I talk in this voice, the more I realise Ive not really given it enough thought to who this is supposed to be. Just started off as a throwaway thing. Anyway, so, Ive got a joke for you now, its a Game Of Thrones joke. Eh, I tell you what, right, theres so many naked young women in that Game Of Thrones programme that they have now, its hardly surprising what stunted Tyrion Lannisters growth. It were wanking, ladies and gentlemen. Hes wanked hisself into being a dwarf. See? He was 6ft 6in in the pilot episode. Hang on a minute, mate, wasnt that a sizeist joke? About the dwarf community? NORMAL VOICE: Yes, it was, but I ridiculed the dwarf community in order to satirize the ongoing exploitation of women in mainstream media, so it cancels it out. Its the kind of split-second, collateral-damage decision Frankie Boyle has to make every time he opens his mouth. Oh, hang on a minute, mate, whos the sole arbiter of taste in stand-up comedy? Whos the self-appointed moral judge of right and wrong in stand-up comedy? Its me, I am! Its been me for about 17 years now, and theres nothing the passive-aggressive indifference of the people of Southend-on-Sea can do about that. Not now. But, hey, the worlds gone mad, hasnt it? Do you know what? APPLAUSE I blame… I blame young people. By which I mean people under 40, and I hope there is none in. Im under 40. Im disillusioned. I like Russell Brand, I didnt vote. Yeah! Oh, no, Ive got no future now. Never mind, Ive got this phone. People under 40, what a shower of shit are you? Arent you?! This is you… Im under 40. I like Poke Man Go. Im under 40, and in the morning, I dont eat bread for breakfast, like an adult, I suck drinking yoghurt out of a pouch. HE SLURPS Im under 40, this is my food. Im under 40, this is me on the bus to work in the morning. People under 40, you like stupid fads, dont you? A Japanese cats face drawn on a satchel, thats what you like, isnt it? Ive got to get up early and get down the market. Why? The Japanese-cat-satchel-face mans coming. Youve got loads of satchels of a Japanese cats face on, mate. I know, but there might be… Waaahhh! Bondage sex and S&M and the fetish thing, thats the new thing, isnt it, the under-40s? Which they think theyve invented. Because they read about it in 50 Shades Of Grey, or they saw it in a FKA twigs video. I know who he is, actually, mate, so you can fuck off. This is exactly my problem, actually, with the under-40s. If youre 50, like me, and you make some joke about popular culture, people under 40 go, Ah-ha-ha, Grandad, you dont know who FKA twigs is. Well, I do know who he is, FKA twigs. They dont, do they, the Southend theatre people? FKA twigs, right… Hes not a twig, like you think. Is he a twig, is he from the woods? FKA twigs, hes a… Hes a rap singer, hes one of these… He is, hes one of these rappers. Well, he is, hes done loads of tapes, Ive got his tapes, and hes… Hes got a video, FKA twigs, where all sort of Japanese bondage ropes go round him, and he flies up in the air and he has to try and… Right, has anyone seen this? Because Im looking for stuff to drop, to be honest. No. Ive seen it, I saw it on, er… Oh… Not Top Of The Pops, what is it they have now? The internet, it was on that. Its like Top Of The Pops, isnt it, the internet? Full of pop music and sexual predators. Yeah, see? See? I can write jokes, I could be on Mock The Week, easily. This is Mock The Week, isnt it? The internet is a bit like… Fuck off, for Gods sake, what waste of everyones… Pathetic, innit? Oh, Ive written a joke! Imagine writing jokes? What a waste of time. Oh, this thing is like this, only this is different. For Gods sake, pathetic. People under f… Im 37, I like bondage sex. I had a mask on and some jam went on me. Did it? Do you remember proper bondage sex, like we used to have? In the 80s, in the 70s – in the 50s, friends of the theatre, remember? Proper, you know, degrading, you know… If you werent in hospital at the end of it, youd done it wrong. And he had to do it again. Not like now. Im 34, I like bondage sex, a feather went on my bum. Did it? Were you asphyxiated in a career-ending accident? No? Shut up then, drink your fucking pouch of yoghurt, get your fucking cat-face bag and fuck off! And that is my message to the under-40s. APPLAUSE But, joking apart… Yeah, I was joking. I took an exaggerated position for comic effect. Ive been doing it all night. A little peep for you there, Southend, behind the wizards curtain. # Behind the wizards curtain # With Stewart Lee # He is going to show you all # The secrets of comedy # Well, what would you do if a woman said £5 # When you were hoping that shed say 50p? # Would you squirrel it away at the back of your head # And bring it back in later on instead? # Yeah! Behind the wizards curtain. # Yeah, Behind The Wizards Curtain. Its a thing Im working on for Dave. Hey, get this, right? It was my idea and I wrote it, but apparently itd be better if Greg Davies presented it. Doesnt seem fair, does it? Anyway, so… On the subject of your constant comparisons between your act and jazz, I dont really recall Miles Davis or any of the other jazz legends actually ever having their trousers fall down, or anything like that. I mean, we are talking about something very, very different. Well, I understand what you mean, but theres a similarity, inasmuch as what the great jazz musicians do is they work in the moment with things that take them by surprise. One night in Bristol, my trousers fell down, it took me by surprise, but I worked with it. I suppose the difference between me and the jazz musicians is that they did that once, they worked with it, and they consigned it to the bin of history. What they dont do with their moments of improvisation is then falsify them for hundreds of times afterwards. Yes. In fact, in many ways, you could argue there could be nothing more different between the pure, improvisatory art of jazz and a man pretending to improvise the same thing, night after night, for the best part of a year-and-a-half. But the thing is, at some point, I did have the idea to do that in the first place. That was the jazz moment. So youre more like a recording of jazz than jazz itself? Yeah, thats been taken around and played to people as a reminder of the fact that at some point, the idea was original. So I was talking about the S&M and the fetish thing there, right. Its an exaggerated example to choose, but lets stay with it, cos it dovetails into something I wanted to talk about, which is this, right? I think any area of interest people have, any hobby, whether its woodwork, sailing, you know, er, collecting stamps – or something mad, like the fetish thing – whatever it is, its so much easier now to find out about these things and to meet like-minded people, because of the internet – much more so than it was, say, even 25 years ago – that I dont know if any of our passions, if any of our hobbies, our interests, will ever have the same depth of meaning that they had to us a quarter of a century ago, because youre not required to put yourself out, youre not required to commit to anything, you know? Lets take the fetish thing, for a laugh, right? Now, if youd wanted to get into that 25 years ago, you know, you probably couldnt even have done it in Southend. Youd have had to go to Burnham-on-Crouch, right? Youd have to go to the very worst part of Burnham-on-Crouch, and itd be in some underpass, and thered be some horrible shop there with a bloke behind the counter, drinking amyl nitrate out of an egg cup. And hed sell you some ticket to some fetish event in London in about two years time, and youd go there, to The Clink or something. Youd go, Hello, whered you get that collar thing? Who are you? How do you do this? Whens the next meeting? And it would take you ages, wouldnt it, to get into any kind of subculture. But when you finally did, it would mean something, because youd committed to it, right? But its all changed now. One of you could go home tonight, from here, couldnt you, and think, Oh, Id like to be in the fetish scene. And you could go on Amazon, bop, bop, bop, next-day delivery, Taiwanese fist glove, thats there tomorrow. Midday, your partner goes, Whats this? You go, Its a Taiwanese fist glove. I didnt know you were into all that. I am. Since when? Last night, about half past ten, I just decided. But it wouldnt mean anything, would it? It wouldnt mean anything. You know, I used to collect records, right? I started about 1979 and I spent the next two decades wandering around with a little list in my pocket, looking for these things. And then I started touring, 89, and Id go to these different towns, Leeds, Birmingham, Glasgow, Id go in the record shops, Have you got this? No, well ring the dealer. And hed come in, and it would take you ten years, sometimes, to find the thing you were looking for. And when you finally did, it was amazing. Then, in 1997, I got online, in an afternoon, I found everything Id been looking for for 20 years, right? And it didnt mean anything. It did not mean anything, and its changed so much in our lifetime. If you talk to your grandparents or your great-grandparents about trying to do bondage sex and fetish stuff… ..and S&M… You know, in the war, when there was Hitler, Adolf Hitler. Or in the 30s, when a lot of the things they needed were very scarce, very hard to come by, it was harder for them to get into all this stuff, but I think it meant more to them. Well, you snigger because you are of a generation where you cannot conceive, can you, they cannot conceive of not being able to instantly get what they want. And it is a tragedy, I think. And I remember talking to my gran about this, and I remember her saying that, in the 30s, you know, if she wanted a deluxe latex sort of… ..like a sex harness for bondage, to be hung up from a beam or something… You know, it wasnt like now. They couldnt just go into Ann Summers. You know, there was no Ann Summers. They lived in Kidderminster. People still live there now, still live there now. What they had to do in the 30s, in rural Worcestershire, if they wanted a sex harness, is… Yeah, ha-ha. ..is… ..they would have to walk. They would. And they would walk and walk and walk and walk, miles and miles and miles, all round rural Worcestershire, all round Bromsgrove, Redditch, Alvechurch, Inkberrow, Rowney Green, erm, Bell End, Fishponds, Upper Piddle, Wyre Piddle, all these sorts of places… ..just looking on the floor. For old bits of string and twine and sturdy weeds and vines. And then they would knit all these together, and they would make their own sex harness, just out of old rubbish from off the floor. And do you know what a sex harness made out of just all stuff off the floor in Worcestershire in 1937… That would have meant more to them than probably any possession any of you have ever had, or any feeling that any of you have ever had, or any thought that any of you have ever had, because you live, dont you, in a time that is of no value and consequently you are of no value. You are like an empty husk, billowing across a desolate landscape, bereft of all sense and meaning, and you know it. And I remember talking… I remember talking to my grandad about this sort of thing. My grandad, and he said to me, he said it was different. He said to me, in the 30s, in rural Worcestershire, if he wanted a deluxe, latex, zip-up gimp mask for sex, a sex mask… It wasnt like now, he couldnt just go on Amazon and order a sex mask. What they had to do in the 30s, in rural Worcestershire, if they wanted a sex mask, is they would have to walk. And they would walk and walk and walk, miles and miles and miles south from Kidderminster, down what is now the M5. Youve got the M5, havent you? The M40 coming in here, the 42, Banbury way. The 50, Ross on Wye, South Wales, the M4 to Reading, Twyford… Course, back then, it was a leafy lane. But theyd get about halfway down there, where Droitwich, Junction 5, is now. And theyd go off east, not west, round the back of Frog Pond, Bromsgrove… East. Pershore. Erm, Evesham. Vale of Evesham. Where all the vegetables come from. And they would find the potato farm, and Gran would distract the potato farmer with rhetoric and dance. And Grandad would creep in the potato farm, and when hes found hisself a potato sack, hed empty all the potatoes out of it and then cut two eyeholes in it. And that was his sex mask, an old potato sack. And hed put it on, and the hessian would gouge horrible wounds into his crying face. But that was their sex mask, the potato sack. And do you know what? A potato-sack sex mask from off the floor in rural Worcestershire in 1937, that would have meant more to them than… OK, whats the most treasured possession youve got? Oh, Stew, its a photo of our daughter the moment she was born. Is it? Because thats meaningless, isnt it? Compared to a potato-sack sex mask… It is! Because what did you do with that image the moment you took it? You sent it off, didnt you, to 200 people in your address book, 100 of whom you dont really know, 50 of whom you actively despise, and every time that image lands, like a wet sock falling into a urinal, a layer of meaning is shaved off it, isnt it? Shave off the meaning! Shave it all away! Until youre left with a Turin shroud, gossamer-thin, tracing-paper imprint of this supposedly profound moment in your life that no longer has any value, because youve fucked all the meaning out of it again! APPLAUSE And these are the old stories the grandparents used to tell. Youre probably like me, Southend, your grandparents probably used to tell these old stories, and you used to think, didnt you, I must write them down, or tape-record them before theyre all forgotten. But we never do, do we? I actually did. In the 1970s, I tape-recorded all these old stories of my grandparents. But in the 80s, when my brother-in-law moved in, he taped a Deacon Blue album over them. Right, thats the first one of them. Well done. The second and final Deacon Blue joke is right up near the end of the show, but it isnt the actual end of the show. I do it, and then theres about 30 seconds more until the actual end of the show. So when you hear the second Deacon Blue joke, dont go, Oh, its finished now, and start getting your coat on and wriggling around, just wait! So I was talking there about the S&M and the fetish scene, and its a mad, exaggerated example to choose, but its a good way, I think, of looking at how our access to information, our access to different cultures, has changed. And our grandparents and our great-grandparents did see incredible changes. My grandad was still around at the sort of start of the internet age, and I remember him talking to me about it. You know, he said he couldnt believe it. And he did say to me once, he said that in the 30s, in rural Worcestershire, if he did want to do S&M and fetish stuff… Seriously, Im not doing a joke now, but he said it was…it was very different. I mean, he said to me, We just couldnt find the things, you know. He said to me, for example, back then, if they wanted to do that sort of thing, you know, there was no Ann Summers deluxe, strawberry-flavoured sex lubricant gel, there was nothing like that. Well, there wasnt. And all they had then, in the 30s, in rural Worcestershire, if they wanted to do that sort of thing, was a big lump of dripping. And this was kept, wasnt it, the dripping on a marble slab out the back, in the pantry, to keep it cool on the marble. And… Yeah, on the marble slab. Its funny to you, because you think, Oh, didnt they have a fridge? No, mate, they didnt have a fridge, right? And, you know, maybe it was Christmas, and Grandad was in a good mood, and hed go, Come on, Gran, lets have bondage sex. Not his own gran, obviously, he wasnt sick. Thats what hed call his wife, because he was in love with her. And… They would get undressed there in the freezing-black darkness of the hovel they lived in, shivering and crying in the black dark, the flea bites bleeding all over them. They would put their potato-sack sex masks on. And the hessian would gouge horrible wounds into their faces. Weeping sores. And theyd be shivering and crying in the black dark, and bleeding. And all the while, trying to maintain a state of arousal. And doing it. Because, unlike your cosseted generation, they believed in something, they had values. Not like now. Im 33, I like bondage sex. Get under the duvet where its warm, and Ill harm you. Ive seen… Ive seen where they lived, the wind howling through the cracks in the stonework, the floor just straw and mud and dung, animal dung, all the farm animals in there with them – sheep, goats, ducks. Some of the ducks were traumatised by the things they saw. They were laying square eggs for years afterwards. And then finally, Gran would go, Now its time to go down in the cellar and get the coal and light the fire to put the dripping in the skillet to melt it down. And Grandad would go down in the cellar, shivering and crying and naked and bleeding in the freezing-black dark, digging up the coal. The coal dust would billow up into his potato-sack sex mask, and hed be coughing up huge, toxic black globs of poisonous black phlegm, and bleeding and crying in the frozen darkness, until finally the fire was lit. And then Gran would hold up the dripping… ..and at this point, she would always say the same thing to him, and when we were kids and she was telling us this story, wed go, Come on, Gran, say the dripping thing. And shed go, No… Shed have a bit of fun with it, you know. Shed go, No, I cant remember it. And wed go, Come on, Gran, say the dripping thing. No, people dont want to hear about that. Christmas Day, six kids round the table, Say it, Gran, say it, say the dripping thing, come on! Shed hold up the dripping, and shed said to Grandad, shed say, Now… ..heres the dripping. But remember, before we melt this dripping down… ..as well as being a lubricant for your selfish pleasure… ..this dripping is also our dinner. And they would have to make a choice, a very stark choice, a choice unlike any choice your cosseted, spoiled, lazy, facile generation will ever have to make. A choice between the pursuit of selfish pleasure and basic human sustenance and survival. I talked to my grandad years later, he said, if they did choose the pleasure route, if they were careful, they could normally scrape together enough of the dripping… AUDIENCE GROANS So, its an exaggerated story, that. They didnt live in Kidderminster. They lived in Malvern Link, which is not as funny a name, is it? So Ive changed it. Weird that, innit? Why is one name funny and another ones not funny? What makes things funny? Well… ..if we knew the answer to that question… ..thered be no need for this whole charade, would there? If you know what made things funny, you could stay at home, couldnt you? Making yourselves laugh, instead of having to pay a professional to do it for you. And the under-40s have my sympathy, theyve grown up thinking the values of the free market are normal, that everythings up for sale and that we are all customers in a set of transactions, whose needs must be met. And everything is up for sale, isnt it? The forests, national parks, education, health. You know, further education, for example, wasnt supposed to be a transaction which increased the cash value of the customer in the job market place. Further education was supposed to be an opportunity to participate, ideally for no charge, in a quest to enlarge the global storehouse of all human understanding… ..admittedly whilst drinking heavily subsidised alcohol… ..and losing your virginity in a tower block named after Winnie Mandela. But were all customers now, whose needs must be met. And the best example of this customer mentality, I think, I saw on the guestbook of the TripAdvisor holiday review website. Now, Ive got a ten-year-old boy and hes a massive Doctor Who fan. And his favourite Doctor Who thing is not the multi-billion pound Doctor Who World place in Cardiff Bay. Its a little museum in the cramped two-room cellar of a little cottage in the square of the Herefordshire market town of Bromyard. And this cellar is full of the eccentric owners mad collection of Doctor Who props and costumes and sets, all crammed in there. Its called The Time Machine Doctor Who Museum. And all around Bromyard, theres posters of the Tardis, it says, The Time Machine Doctor Who Museum, and it is made abundantly clear that The Time Machine Doctor Who Museum is an entirely Doctor Who-based museum. But… There is a one-star review of this Doctor Who museum on TripAdvisor. And it says… The Time Machine Doctor Who Museum has very limited appeal, except for Doctor Who fans. We were in and out in 25 minutes, and that was after going round twice. They went round twice. They went round once, and they couldnt believe how little non-Doctor Who content there was in the Doctor Who Museum, thought if they went round again, they might see a diorama of the life of Isambard Kingdom Brunel, or an interactive display of the mating cycle of the Asian short-clawed otter. Its a Doctor Who museum, you cant complain that there was too much Doctor Who stuff in the Doctor Who museum. Its not aimed at you, not everythings aimed at you. It reminds me of an elderly relative who, on having gone to see Andrew Lloyd-Webbers musical Cats, complained to me afterwards that she hadnt been expecting it all to be just about cats. And a person under 40 came up to me after a gig and he said to me, I didnt really enjoy that, to be honest, mate. And I said, I dont know what you expect me to do about it. You just paid to see me, and I AM me. But weve turned away, it would seem to me, from the wider world. Everyones looking inwards, back through their own boundaries, back through their own borders. And you have to pay for everything now and nothing comes for free, except the last U2 album. Whether you wanted it or not, you know, like a Trojan virus. And I dont really know what Im supposed to say to any of you now, because you all live in a reflecting hall of digital mirrors, made of Facebooks and Twitters and Snapchats and Instagrams and Deliveroos and selfies and Whassaps… Youre the kind of people who are run over by a bus because you were crossing the road whilst looking at a bus timetable app. And they say you shouldnt keep dolphins in concrete tanks, because the endless sound of their own sonar bouncing back at them eventually drives them mad, like someone locked in an aluminium-lined cell, listening to an endless loop of every ill-considered 2am tweet they ever sent out. And that is you, you are the mental dolphins of now. Inward looking, self-obsessed people with no attention span, hurling yourselves fatally out of your tanks in the self-inflicted wounds of your imagined democratic choices. And its no surprise to me that youve all gone mad, because youve all got phones on you all the time, havent you? With cameras, and you all take photos all the time, dont you, of your face, over and over again. Your face. Your face. Your face. Your face. Why? Surely you all know what your own faces look like now? And your entire online digital history is just an endless succession of images of your face obscuring an endless succession of things that are all more interesting than your face. Heres me at Stonehenge. Heres me at the Taj Mahal. Heres me at the Deacon Blue reunion concert. CHEERING And I dont know what Im supposed to say to you, or what anyone is supposed to say to anyone. Because nothing that anyone could ever have to say could possibly be as interesting as the ongoing, moment-by-moment documentation of your entire lives. And so, when I look at this painting… APPLAUSE Caspar David Friedrichs 1818 German romantic masterpiece, Wanderer Above A Sea Of Fog, I see a man like me, 200 years ago now, looking out into the world and trying to make sense of it, and his place in it, instead of just using it as a backdrop for his own narcissism. But this, this is you now… APPLAUSE Do you think that it could be said you are projecting your own narcissism onto the entire rest of modern culture? Yeah, I mean, they could say that, and I was worried that someone would think that, because its arguably true. But I dont give them time to make that conclusion, because as soon as the blackouts had just a second to register, I fling the lights up, play really loud music, and run away. Thats very courageous of you, Stewart. ROCK MUSIC PLAYS

GINA YASHERE@THE STANDUPS@2018@[announcer] And now, coming to the stage, Gina Yashere! [Afro Puffs by The Lady of Rage plays] Oi, oi! Oi, oi! Whats happening, Los Angeles? Good to be back. Good to be back. I dont know if you know this, guys. I used to live here. I lived in L.A. for a few years. Yes, I did. I lived in Los Angeles for a while. Loved it, loved the lifestyle. Beautiful. Had to leave, though. Had to leave. Im not Hollywood. Im not Hollywood. Look at this. This… This is not the Hollywood look. This is not. Theres two looks for black women in Hollywood. You either look like Halle Berry… Or Precious. And theres no… Theres no sliding scale! I used to get the most ridiculous auditions when I was in Hollywood. This was an audition I got sent for. Im not even making this up. This was the name of the character. Ghetto Hoochie Number Three. I had one line. Do you wanna hear the line? [audience] Yeah! nigga, its not your baby! That was… I said to my agent, I will not say that. I refuse. I will not say it. Ive got integrity, Im a black woman. I will not do it. And then I saw the money. And I was like, nigga, its not your baby! Do you think Ill get promoted to Ghetto Hoochie One? What do you think? So, its good to be back. So, I dont know if you… Some of you look a bit confused. Did you know there were black people in England? Did you? We are everywhere. You look confused, though, sir. Youre looking up at me, like, Is that Idris Elba? What is happening? I know! From London, England! Born and raised. Obviously, black people are not indigenous to England. My mum came from Nigeria. West Africa. No! Dont cheer that shit! She went from Nigeria to England. What the fuck was she thinking? My mum had the pick of the globe. She couldve gone anywhere in the world. I imagine my mum in Nigeria with all her maps spread out before her. Where shall I go? Where shall I go? You know what? I am fed up with the sunshine. I want to go somewhere with a lot of drizzle… and subtle racism. Thats what I want, subtle. I dont know if you know this, Americans, but the Brits are the best at racism. Theyre the best! Theyre better than you, Americans. Theyre so good, you dont even know youre being discriminated against. They are fucking ninja racist! And thats why I prefer good, old-fashioned, American racism. Yeah, I said it, America. I prefer it. Its in your face. You know where you stand with American racism. You guys have even made movies to let me know where Im welcome and where Im not. For instance, I know Im never going to fucking Mississippi. Ive seen the films! Having said that, though… my manager did recently put some shows in my calendar… for Birmingham, Alabama. [audience oohs] I know! I saw that in my calendar and I was like, Fuck, no! And then I saw the money. And I said, We shouldnt be so quick to judge. We should give the people a chance. So, I went to Birmingham, Alabama, people! It was all right, I had a good time. I experienced that Southern hospitality, the shows were great, and they put me in a very nice hotel. Very nice. I was very surprised by this. Ill tell you why. Im from England. All I know about Alabama is from your movies, so I wasnt expecting to be staying in no nice hotel. I was expecting to be staying in a shack, on a swamp… run by some guy wearing overalls… who referred to me as boy! Thats what I was expecting. I was surprised by the hotel. I thought, Oh, this is lovely! This is very civilized. This is wonderful. I basically treated Alabama the way white people treat Africa the first time they go. You know, white people. You turn up in Africa for the first time… Wow! They have cars and shoes and shit. Thats how I was in Alabama. I was like, Wow! They have electricity and teeth! This… Lot of black people in Alabama. That shocked me. I was surprised by that. I was like, Wow! Lot of black people. I got off the plane, saw the black people, and I ran up to them, I was like that. You know you can leave, right? You dont even have to go underground. You could just drive! Im learning a lot. So, born and raised, London, England. My mother emigrated from Nigeria to England, had us all in England. So, she was super overprotective. Was very ambitious for us as well. ‘Cause when you have your kids in another country, you want the best. My mum was scared that stuff was gonna happen to us. Like, she was over-the-top, crazy overprotective. Ill give you an example. This is Gods honest truth. My mother… used to keep a scrapbook… of bus and train crashes. Yeah, Ill repeat that. A scrapbook of bus and train crashes. Whenever there was an accident, shed cut the story out of the newspaper, and shed put it in a special book, and she would use that book to deter us from going places. She used that for everything! Mum, can I go on a school trip? Shed be like… [clears throat] Do you see these children? Look at them. They are all dead. You know why they are dead? Because they wanted to go on a school trip. Their mother said, ‘No, dont go! But they wouldnt listen. Now, look at them. Dead, dead. Look at them! Dead-y dead. Super dead. Look at their dead faces! Dead! Dead-y dead, dead, dead. Dead-y dead. Super dead. Dead da-da, dead, dead-y. Dead, dead. Shed use that book for everything. Mum, can I play in the park? You see these children? Look at them. Dead! Dead-y dead! Know why theyre dead? Because they went to play in the park. And they all caught hay fever and died. Dead! Dead! We once had a school trip to the Tower of London. We lived in an area of London called Tower Hamlets. You can probably tell from the name, it was very close proximity to the Tower of London. I was like, Mum, look, its there. Its… Look. Its there. You can hold my hand from the house as I walk in. Its there. You see these children? Look at them, look at them. Dead. Dead! You know why theyre dead? Because they went to the Tower of London. And they were all beheaded by Henry VIIIs ghost. Dead. Dead! Super overprotective. Didnt understand a lot of western culture. My mum did not understand the concept of Halloween. She was like, Halloween? What is this devil business, Halloween? Trick or– What is this trick or treating? So, let me understand. You are running around the neighborhood at night… dressed as a cartoon character… banging on peoples doors… begging. Making people think your mother cannot afford confectionery. There will be no trick or treating. You can trick or treat in the house. You can come and bang on my door and ask me for confectionery. And then I will say, ‘No, go to bed. So, I ran away. And I live in America now. ? America! ? ? Fuck, yeah! ? That shouldve been your national anthem, Americans. How much more fun would the Olympics have been… if your athletes couldve gone up on the podium and just gone… ? America! ? ? Fuck, yeah! ? Since I was six, I have wanted to live in America. Tell you why. In England, we got all your TV shows and movies, and it looked like American kids were having a great life! You had the coolest clothes, the manicured lawns, and it looked like every American kid rode around on cool bicycles, solving crimes. And Id be watching that in England, going, Fuck! ‘Cause Im from London. Thats how six-year-olds speak. Fuck! American kids were allowed to be detectives! I want to go to America and become a child sleuth! Looked like you guys were having a great time! Every TV show I watched was like, kids going, What do you wanna do after school? I dont know. Lets go to the beach and hang out with Brad and Chad. And then you guys would frolic to the beach. American kids were always frolicking! Do you know what after-school activity was for me in London? Ill tell you. It was, Mike and John… have found a white dog shit behind the shed. Lets all go look at it. And then, wed all gather around this white dog shit. And wed poke it with a stick for seven hours. Some of you look a little bit confused. You dont know what a white dog shit is. Doesnt exist in America. Its weird. White dog shit is really a thing. In England, in the 80s, cause I Googled this shit… In England in the 80s, apparently, we fed our dogs too much calcium. So, when they shit on the street, as dogs did, in the good old days… Days when you didnt have to scoop your dog poo up in a bag and carry around warm shit for seven hours. So, when dogs pooed on the street, their poo turned white, and had a crumbly texture. And I knew this cause I spent seven hours poking it with a stick. Listen, if youve learned nothing from this comedy show this evening… youve learned of the existence of white dog shit. Go Google that shit. Youll be amazed. So, I couldnt wait to leave England, leave white dog shit behind… Go to America, cause it looked like you guys were having a fantastic time. Every TV show and movie was kids going, Oh, my God. What am I gonna wear to the prom? And I was like, What is this ‘prom that they speak of? It sounds amazing! Every kid in America spends school life worrying about the prom, it must be the best party ever! I wanna go to America! I wanna go to the prom. I wanna be picked up in a limousine, and given a corsage, and driven to the prom, and we dance all night, and then we win king and queen of the prom. Because in every movie, winning king and queen of the prom is just amazing. Well, except in the movie Carrie. But in every other movie… winning king and queen of the prom is amazing! And then we leave the prom in triumph, we get in the limo, we drive to Make Out Point, and then fuck in the back of that limo. ‘Cause every movie ended with the couple in the back, overlooking the city, having sex. Then the movie would end before the Planned Parenthood scene. We didnt have proms in England. You know what we had in England? We had discos that kids got stabbed at. Thats what we had. So, it was my dream… to come to America and fuck in the back of a limo. And I finally made it to America… Then you guys voted for Trump, and now Im getting deported. Fuck you, Americans! You know, I am four out of six things that Trump hates. Four out of six. Black. Female. Immigrant. Gay. Four out of six. The only two that I dont have is Im not Muslim, and my name is not Lopez. Thats it. ‘Cause I was out of the country on tour, trying to get back into America, when the Trump travel ban came in. And Im on the plane, watching it on the news, and Im like, Shit! Theyre not gonna let me back in America! Im an immigrant… and I cant do an American accent for shit! I am not Idris Elba. And I thought, The only way I can get back into the country is, when I land, let em know for sure… that Im not a Muslim. ‘Cause as we all know, Muslim is the new black. That should be a TV show right there. Muslim is the New Black. Theyve already got the orange jumpsuits. Not much of a jump. You know its true. So, I was thinking on the plane, Okay, when I land in America, I gotta let em know that Im the old black. So, when that plane landed at JFK, I walked through the airport with my breasts out, wearing a yarmulke. It worked! I got back into America! ? America! ? ? Fuck, yeah! ? So, I live in New York City now. New York City! I like New York. Im from London. Look, London, New York, very similar cities. New York is just a bigger… crazier… filthier version… of London, cause New York is filthy. Its a dirty city. Its a dirty, dirty city. Its a filthy… dirty city. Its a dirty, filthy, shit hole of a city. New York is a fucking swamp! A cesspool of a city. Its a dump! Its a dirty, shitty city. Its filthy! You know, theres no alleyways in New York. No alleyways. So, in New York, on trash day, which in New York is every fucking day… they just throw their trash out onto the sidewalks. Bags of trash! They just throw it! So, the streets are just lined with bags of trash. Its terrifying! Ill tell you why. Im scared. When Im walking home in the night, I dont walk on the sidewalk. I walk in the middle of the road. ‘Cause I dont wanna walk… ‘Cause you walk by those trash bags… And then they start to rustle… And then a massive rat will just pop out. Whats up, Idris? Its a filthy city! And so expensive! So expensive. I didnt realize New York would be so expensive. ‘Cause Im like, shit hole of a city. I assumed Los Angeles would be more expensive, cause when I came from England, Los Angeles was my first choice. Like, Im not making the same mistake my mum made. Im going to L.A. I want sunshine! You guys have only got one season here. Sunny sun, sun, sun! So, I was like, Im going to L.A.! And I assumed it was gonna be super expensive. I did. I thought it was and it wasnt. I had a very nice lifestyle while here. Like, you know, I had a two-bedroom, two-bathroom apartment… like, gym, concierge… underground parking for two cars. Rooftop pool… overlooking the Hollywood sign. Yeah, every Facebook and Instagram picture for three years, was me just posing by the pool. I never went in it, cause Im black, but I posed the hell out of it. $1,700 a month, I paid for that. Which is a pretty good price! Pretty good for L.A. Its decent. So, when I was moving to New York, I was like, Well, New York is a dump… I should get way more for my money in New York! In New York Im gonna get an apartment with two pools… for $1,700. Now, what I didnt tell you before was when I was living in L.A., I met my girlfriend while I was living in L.A. She– Thats her. And… So, she… was living in New York. We did the long distance thing for a year, and then I was moving to New York. And she was like, Great! You can move in with me. Ive got a house in Brooklyn, Bed-Stuy. And I was like, Bitch, no. Bed-Stuy? I dont wanna live where Jay-Z lived when he was not successful. Im going to the Upper East Side… Im getting an apartment with two pools for $1,700. And she was like, Oh, really? Im gonna come with you while you view these apartments. And then, she followed me around for three weeks, and watched me make a fucking dick of myself. And I was so cocky, as well, so cocky. Im just walking in… Oh, this? Upper East Side? Only one pool? [gags] Its adequate. All right. How much? And the guy was like, $12,000 a month. And I was like, You misunderstand me, sir. I only want one. And then I had to start looking at apartments within my budget. And holy shit! You cant get nothing for $1,700 a month in New York thats decent. Unless you want to live with 27 other comedians. Everything I looked at was worse than the last, which is horrible. One apartment, I was like, Sir, did you actually know that you were showing this apartment today? ‘Cause, quite frankly, it looks incomplete. Looks like we stumbled onto a construction site. This is ridiculous! One apartment was so filthy, the cockroach opened the door and showed me around. Come on in. Come on in. This is our room, and… After 10 shitty apartments, I turned to my girlfriend, like, You know what? Im in love, and I think we should make a life for ourselves in Brooklyn, Bed-Stuy, in your house. Bed-Stuy, do or die, motherfucker. So, thats right, I live in New York with me girlfriend. That conversation didnt go too well when I had to tell my mum. I came out to my mum, was not a great conversation. ‘Cause shes, as I said, super ambitious. Wanted the best for us, so, like, I was supposed to be the doctor. And… then I found out I couldnt stand the sight of blood. Then I switched to engineer, and my mum went, Okay, thats good. That is on the list of African jobs, okay. And then I decided I wanted to become a comedian. I thought, Well, she aint gonna like that. I might as well come out to her, and go for the double whammy. My mum was like, What? What are you telling me? You are telling me… that my daughter… is a gay clown. You see these children? Look at them. They are all dead. Theyre dead. Because they became gay clowns. There are no gay clowns in Nigeria. Clowns are creepy. So, Im in America. ? America! ? ? Fuck, yeah! ? I like America. Ive learned a lot about you. Ive been studying you. Ive learned much. What have I learned? Like, in America… when you guys get fat… you get really fucking fat. Like, humongous. Like, cartoon fat. Like… I saw a documentary the other day where a guy got cut out of his house. You guys get cut-out-of-your-house fat! Some of you have gone very quiet. Youre like, Was it a bungalow? Was it an apartment? It was a house! They cut open his house! At some point, this guy looked in the mirror and gone, You know what? I aint fat until they have to take the roof off this bitch! I admire your tenacity, Americans. Its not your fault. I watch all your commercials. All your commercials are food. Food! And its not good food, its all shit food. I saw a commercial the other day for pizza. Now, pizza… is a traditionally Italian dish. Flat bread, tomato, bit of cheese… Maybe an olive. Not this American pizza. This commercials like, This is an American motherfucking pizza! We dont just have olive, we have beef and cheese and chicken and steak and bacon and beef and cheese and chicken and steak and bacon and beef and cheese and chicken! We dont just have cheese on the pizza, we have cheese inside the motherfucking crust of that motherfucking pizza! Because this is an American, motherfucking pizza! $1.99. Judging by all the commercials for pharmaceutical products, you guys are pretty sick as well. The powers that be love to put out this image of black men on street corners selling drugs. And its a bullshit myth. These pharmaceutical companies are the biggest drug dealers on the planet! Yeah, and theyre doing it legally! Legally. They have these meetings every year. They go, Okay, we got this new drug. We need an illness to go with this drug. And thats how illnesses are made, people! You see those commercials that come on in the night. Trying to convince you youre ill. Do you find… that your eyes… close at night? Then you need Oxy-moxy-lixy-loxy-loxy-lixy-trip. Side effects may include headaches, dizziness, nausea, diarrhea, menstruation in men, and death. Why would you buy a drug with death as one of the side effects? Youre buying drugs with worse side effects than the illness youre trying to heal. I saw a commercial for an anti-depressant, and one of the side effects… was suicidal thoughts. You might as well save your money… and have your suicidal thoughts for free. Youre buying drugs… Worse side effects. It doesnt make any sense. Youre like, I am bleeding through my anus, yes, but I no longer have fungal toe nails. I sound angry, I know. I sound angry. Ill tell you why. Im from England. We have free health care in England. Free. Free health care. Everybody pays a little extra tax, everybody gets health care. You get sick, you go to the hospital. You come out of hospital, you havent lost your house. Its amazing! I cant understand how expensive health care is in America. Its a scam. Whole things a scam. An ambulance in America can cost anywhere between $1,000 and $25,000. For an ambulance to take you to the hospital. Im sorry, if I got into an accident tomorrow… Ambulance turned up, Id be like, Get the fuck out of my face, ambulance guy. Get out of here with your glorified van. Ive still got one arm working. Im gonna get my phone out, and Im gonna summon an UberXL… You guys are awesome! Good night! Thank you! [Afro Puffs by The Lady of Rage plays] ? I rock rough and stuff With my Afro puffs ? ? Rage! Rock on with your bad self ? ? I rock rough and stuff With my Afro puffs ? ? Rage! Rock on with your bad self ? ? I rock on with my bad self ‘Cause its a must ? ? Its the Lady Of Rage Still kicking up dust ? ? So let me loosen up my bra strap ? ? And let me boost ya with my raw rap ? ? ‘Cause Imma break it down To the nitty-gritty one time ? ? When it comes to the lyrics I gets busy with mine ? ? Busy as a beaver, ya best believer ? ? This grand divas runnin shit With the speed of a cheetah ? ? Meet a lyrical murderer ? ? Im serving em like two scoops of chocolate… ?

W. KAMAU BELL@PRIVATE SCHOOL NEGRO@2018@[cheering and applauding] Whats up? Thank you. Thank you. I appreciate that. I appreciate all that applause, but also be careful. We have parents in the audience. Theres a lot of energy to put out this late at night for them. I appreciate you parents coming out cause you did the hard work to come here, yes. You had to get, like, babysitters and aunties, or that weird neighbor, like, itll probably be fine. Oh, yeah. [crowd laughing] [Bell laughs] Yeah, thats how it is when youre a parent. When youre a parent, you have to do things sometimes for your kids… whether you want to or not. Thats the joy of parenting. Like, my kids like to go camping. Its not their fault. Their mom is white, all right? [crowd laughing] Its how she was raised. I got to be honest, as a black man, I just dont feel like its in my DNA to want to sleep outside on purpose, you see what Im saying? You see what Im saying? Lets go sleep outside for fun. Why would we do that? [crowd laughing] [chuckles] We have too much camping in our history. You know what Im talking about? -[crowd laughing] -[chuckles] Thank you that section, yeah! -[crowd laughing] -[chuckles] Why would I want to sleep outside? We slept outside the big house for years. Now I have a mortgage on the big house. -[crowd laughing] -[chuckles] How come… wherever you go camping, its always a feature that your cellphone reception gets much worse? Why would you put those two things together? Lets go out into the forest… in the middle of nowhere, and my cellphone doesnt work. Nah, nah, nah. Again, as a black man, that makes me real uncomfortable, all right? I got places at home, where my phone goes to three bars, I go, Im getting the fuck out of here! No. [crowd laughing] Unh-unh. Sorry, I cant do the laundry, honey. No, no, no. I dont know what might happen while Im in there, trying to reach you. Text message comes through tomorrow. -[crowd laughing] -[chuckles] Unh-unh, Im not that kind of person. I want to live off the grid. I dont want to live off the grid. I want the grid on my goddamn forehead! -[crowd laughing] -[chuckles] I want my phone all charged up, all the bars, all the apps ready to go, all the news apps. You know, I need to know everything, at all times. I got an app on my phone that just says, Run, nigga, run! Oh, shit! [crowd laughing] Oh, shit! It doesnt even say why. It doesnt wanna scare me. It just says, Run, nigga, run! -[crowd laughing] -[chuckles] It doesnt want to get me nervous. I got high blood pressure. I said Im black! What have I got to say? -[crowd laughing] -[chuckles] Eventually, it just says, Stop, nigga, stop. Oh, good… You good, nigga, you good. Okay. Happens about three times a week. Its how I got here tonight. Run, nigga, run! Oh, shit! Hey, Im shooting a special right there! All right. -[crowd laughing] -[chuckles] And I can tell… theres some tension in the audience. Why does your phone have to call you… a nigga? [crowd laughing] Why would your phone… have to… call… you… a… Because Run, black man, run! doesnt sound that serious, you know? [crowd laughing] Sounds like its encouraging me. [crowd laughing] Run, black man, run. You can do it, black man. You can do it. Believe in yourself, black man. Believe in yourself. Sounds like Oprah started the app, or something. [crowd laughing] Like, its encouraging me to seek local office. Black man, we need more men of color running at all levels of politics. Not just president. We need controllers… Nah. Then Im like, Youre right, app, you make a good point. [makes thudding sound] Oh, shit! I wish my phone had just called me a nigga. [crowd laughing] Which is the name of a book of poetry Im writing right now. You gotta do what you can for your kids. Thats the whole thing. Whether I like it or not. And I got two daughters. Actually, currently my wifes pregnant with our third daughter. Thats right. Yeah, yeah, thats true. Yeah. -[crowd cheering and applauding] -Thats right. I only make girls, thats right. Thats right. Thats all thats coming out of here. If anybody wants a girl, Ill finish this off and put some in here for you, and then you can… -[crowd laughing] -[chuckles] The interesting thing about having daughters, right now, or kids, even, is that… they are also understanding that the country is in a hectic place. Like, my daughters dont watch the news, but they can tell that things are not right. They remember when their mom cried on the election night. You know, they know things arent happening the way they should. I dont know how my six-year-old gets the information, but she knows. I was watching the news, and she came in and goes… [deap breath] Dada, are they still trying to figure out why Donald Trump is the president? [crowd laughing] Yes, how did you know that? What? You watch two seconds of news and you figure– Thats the entire hour of Don Lemon, tonight. ‘Why is Donald Trump the president? You just synthesized an hour of CNN into one question. Fuck my show! Im getting you a show on CNN! Tonight on Sami Bell Live, two questions. One, why is Donald Trump still President? And two, how come my Js are backwards when I write them. I dont understand! Were gonna solve these two questions tonight on Sami Bell Live! Don Lemon tonight The backward Js are actually harder to figure out. Shes like, Trump is president because of Russia and the electoral college. Anyway, on to the Js. I try to write em… -[crowd laughing] -[chuckles] -[crowd cheering and applauding] -[chuckles] Yeah… And you know, the thing is, as bad as things are… as parents, we have to try to give our kids hope, right? Sometimes its hard to give them hope. You know. One time, Sami walked in and goes, Dada… is there anything we like about Donald Trump? I mean, like, anything? I was, like, Uh… His haircuts are remarkably consistent. [crowd laughing] Hes gotta take a lot of product. He travels a lot. He must have a big kit of… products. Im struggling to give my daughter something to feel hopeful about, with President Trump. Right then my wife walked in the room and went, Move. No, no, no! Nothing! Nothing! Not a goddamn thing. Im not mad at you, Im just tense. No, no. What the fuck is wrong with you? -[crowd laughing] -[chuckles] Thats right. Thats right. I got a #woke white wife. -[crowd laughing] -[chuckles] Like, why are you entertaining this discussion? [chuckles] But its hard. I try to watch a lot of news and stay informed, but the news is not always appropriate for kids these days. Lot of parents, in here, had to explain to their kids what a shithole was. Like, ten years before theyd have to, you know? Like, my wife sometimes gets frustrated. She says, The news is not important for children. Im like, What shall I turn on? I dont know. Game of Thrones. I dont give a shit! [crowd laughing] Put on the Red Wedding, you know what Im saying? Id prefer the Red Wedding to this. This is not appropriate. Thats the thing. You have to, like… you know… The bigger part about being a parent is you got to control the media your kids take in. You cant just let them watch anything on TV. And were really lucky in my household cause my oldest daughter is six, and right around the time my daughter Sami started wanting to watch TV, the show Doc McStuffins premiered. Some of you know what Im talking about. The rest, come along for the journey. Doc McStuffins is one of the greatest TV shows in the history of television. Not one of the greatest kids TV shows. One of the greatest television shows. Ill put it up against The Wire and The Sopranos any day. [crowd laughing] I watch that show. Im excited for new episodes. Let me explain. Doc McStuffins is about a little black girl, whos six years old, and shes a doctor for her stuffed animals and toys. She wears a stethoscope, and its magical, and when it makes a sound, all the toys come to life. They dont explain how it works. Voodoo? I dont know what it is. But when her toys have problems, like when they break their arm or feeling tired, she tells them what to do. You need to take a nap. Heres a cast. And so shes actively being a doctor… on the show, as a six-year-old black girl. -Have I blown your mind, yet? -[crowd] Yeah! Theres more. So it gets kids ready to go to the doctor, not afraid of the doctor. It also teaches kids how to speak up for themselves in general. There was an episode about inappropriate touching. In one episode, one of the stuffed animals was like, Of course storms are getting worse. Thats global warming. Holy shit! -[crowd laughing] -[chuckles] Doc is more woke than our president! [crowd laughing] Wait. Theres more. On the show. Docs mom, whos a black woman, is also a doctor of real patients. [deep breath] And weve been to her practice in the show. Shes got her own private practice, so we know shes balliiiiiiiiiing! [crowd laughing] And Docs dad… Black man. I dont know what he does. Hes always in the kitchen cutting vegetables. I dont know. I dont know if he gets paid, but hes like, Would you like a carrot? Which is, like, Oh, my God, black man on TV offering vegetables! What is this? Thats never been done before. No, it hasnt, so, yeah, thats true. [crowd laughing] But theres more. During the commercial breaks on Doc McStuffins, they actually have real black women, who are real doctors, in real life, and they show you their office, and talk about their practice, and how they became a doctor. So, my daughters are watching Doc McStuffins, and watching Doc be a black woman doctor, and watch Docs mom be a black woman doctor. And then they watch real black women being doctors, so my daughters are, like, Yeah. Black women are doctors. -Yeah. -[crowd applauding] Yeah. Its not even worth clapping about. Yeah. -[crowd applauding] -Black women are doctors. Its just how the world works. Black women are doctors. And… we got to see how deep the effect was on Sami. Shed watched Doc for about a year, and it was time to go back to the doctor. And she was excited. Kids arent excited to go to the doctor. But she was excited. We need to go to the doctor. She got there. She sat up on the table, like, Whens the doctor coming in? Can I touch the sphygmomanometer? And I was like, Which one is that? [crowd laughing] And then… the doctor walked in the room… and it was a white man… and she was, like, What the fuck is this? [crowd laughing] Nah. Nah, nah, nah. Mnh-mnh, mnh-mnh, mnh-mnh, mnh-mnh. Nope. Thats not a doctor. Thats not a doctor. [crowd laughing] Thats not a doctor. Frankly, I dont know if white men are ready to be doctors. Ive never seen a white man doctor. How do we know if they even know how to become doctors? -[crowd laughing] -[laughs] But Samis also smart. So, she knew, she had to let us know that she wasnt cool with the situation. But she also knew, she had to do so in a way that let me and her mom know, but didnt alert the doctor to anything being wrong, cause as weve taught her, you dont want to spook a white man. You know what I mean? All the people of color here know that. You dont want to spook a strange white man. -[crowd laughing] -[chuckles] Keep him in front of you. Make sure… Right. We all teach our kids that. You know what Im talking about, yeah. -You know what Im talking about. -[crowd laughing] So, she said something to let us know that she was ready to go. But what she said, was something kids never say. So, I knew she was lying. She turned to my wife and goes, Im sleepy. [crowd laughing] Oh my, God, Im just so sleepy! Id like to stay with this white man touching me, but I just feel like… we should probably go and come back when… [shouting] theres a black female doctor here! [crowd cheering and applauding] [chuckles] What is wrong with you people? -[crowd laughing] -[chuckles] Luckily, we live in Berkeley, California, where you can find black women doctors. Yeah, Berkeley. Yeah. Is that for Berkeley or for black women doctors? [crowd applauding] Yeah, yeah. Berkeley is like a sleepy college town. I like living there cause its a college town, but its also a place to relax. At least, it was that, until the election kicked up into high gear, and then it became this place that… every few weeks the alt-right would show up and start fights in the streets. If theres anybody here who doesnt know about the alt-right, let me explain. The alt-right is a bunch of white dudes… How do I explain? They wish there were a little bit taller. [crowd laughing] They wish they were ballers. If they had a girl, they would call her. Yeah. Thats the best way to explain it. Its what it boils down to, if I had to bottom line it. [crowd applauding] So, every few weeks, the alt-right would show up in Berkeley and start fights. People in the media, which is hard for me cause I work in the media, would go, Berkeley is fighting the alt-right in the streets. Look at Berkeley fighting… I was like, I live in Berkeley. Berkeley is not fighting the alt-right in the streets. Now, heres how it works. The alt-right puts out flyers, they get online, they create graphics, and tweet, and Facebook that theyre going to have a fight in Berkeley… on, like, a Saturday. Then what happens is that, in the surrounding area of Berkeley, people who like to fight are, like, Wanna fight in Berkeley this weekend? Sure, Id like to. Whats it about? I dont give a shit. I just wanna hit somebody, yeah. They show up, and they fight in the streets. The media goes, Berkeley versus the alt-right. The alt-right is fighting in the streets. No, its not Berkeley. Do you know how it affected the residents when the alt-right showed up first time? This is how the residents were affected. It canceled the farmers market. Thats how Berkeley was affected. There was white women in yoga pants at the fight, going, This is bullshit! [crowd laughing] How the fuck am I supposed to get my kale, all right? Am I supposed to get it from Whole Foods, like Im a goddamn refugee? [shouts] Is that what Im supposed to do? Is that what Im supposed to do? Like Im Somali, is that what you want me to do? Carrying yoga mats wrapped in plastic, never been used. So yeah, the media is like, Its Berkeley versus the alt-right. Then what happens is all these D-list, right-wing celebrities showed up in Berkeley to take advantage of the moment, so they could get some press. So, then youve got Ann Coulter and Milo Yiannopoulos showing up, and they had speeches at Berkeley, but they didnt give the speeches cause then the alt-right showed up and there were fights. The police said, This is not safe for our students, who are like, I gotta get to class! So, their speeches were canceled, and then Coulter and Yiannopoulos and all the people on the right are, like, Berkeley is anti-free speech. Berkeley doesnt like free speech. Nah, I live in Berkeley. Berkeley is fine with free speech. We love freedom of expression. Were anti-bullshit, all right? Were not down with bullshit. [crowd applauding] Were fans of free speech. We dont have to agree with what you say or do. Theres a naked guy who, for years, just walked around Berkeley. Everybodys like, Theres the naked guy. Anyway… And different people from different sides of the political aisle were fine with it. Thered be women in burqas with their kids going to school. Honey, the naked guy needs to get to work. We have to get out of his way. Theyre not mad. Hes like, I got to be naked in the park by 10:30! Berkeleys like, As long as you dont get any nakedness on me, have at it. Its kind of Berkeleys thing. Were not anti-free speech. Were anti-bullshit, man, you know? And thats why I hate the whole fake argument about free speech. No. You have the freedom of speech, but you dont have the freedom of consequences from that speech. You understand what Im saying? Yeah. -You can say whatever you want to say. -[crowd applauding] But if your free speech causes riots, you have to deal with the consequences. If everywhere you go, people riot after you speak, you gotta deal with that. If everywhere I did comedy, a riot broke out, we wouldnt be here right now. [chuckles] Wed be on YouTube with this. [crowd laughing] Thered be less people here cause they wouldnt want to get caught up in a riot! Yeah, its just ridiculous. Ill give you an example, of being responsible for your free speech. For years, the Honorable Minister Louis Farrakhan used to travel the country giving speeches. Many people thought it was hate speech. What did the Honorable Minister Louis Farrakhan do? He traveled with security! So, when he gave a speech, the Fruit of Islam would be outside, warning people on the way in. Theyd line the walls and be behind him on stage, so Minister Farrakhan felt safe, the audience felt safe, the surrounding community felt safe. He knew he had to deal with the consequences of his free speech. So, what Im saying is, Ann Coulter and Milo Yiannopoulos, if you want to walk around spewing hate speech, then hire the Nation of Islam, thats all Im saying! [crowd laughing and applauding] Thats all Im saying. Thats all Im saying. [applaud continues] Thats all Im saying. And if you do, then please let me film it for my next TV shooooooow! I wouldnt have to be in it. I would just put Ann Coulter and Milo Yiannopoulos in a 15-passenger van with the Nation of Islam. Just driving around the country. The sexual tension would be amaziiiiiiing! [crowd laughing] Every now and then Id do a cameo and walk in, like, Hey, Milo. Heres some bacon. The Nation loves bacon. All right. [crowd laughing] [Bell chuckles] [Bell sighs] Anyway, so, while were on the subject of white supremacy… Um… I mean, you brought it up, so lets talk about it. -[crowd laughing] -[chuckles] [sighs] President Donald Trump. Yeah. No– Yeah. Yeah, I get it. I get it. Youre not down. I get it. Yes, I understand. I mean, some of you are down. You got dragged here by somebody whos, like, You need to see Kamau. Therere some uncles here, Why do we have to go to this? Youll see. Youll see. [crowd laughing] But, man… Don– The President Trump. Theres so many moments we could discuss. We dont have time. Im not doing four Dave Chappelle specials. -Um– [crowd laughing] I just have to do the highlights for me. Like, theres moments where its like… Some of it is so crazy. Its just washed under by the tidal wave of more things, so we dont even focus on it, and we go, Wait, whats he saying here? He did an interview a few months ago, and we all missed it. I caught it. He actually said to a newspaper, Being president is harder than I thought it was going to be. Yeah, no shit, man! [crowd laughing] You should see it from this angle, all right? Its a disaster over here. Its way harder to watch you be President than it is for you to be president. [crowd applauding] And hes so competitive about nonsense. After the State of the Union, he tweeted that it was the most watched State of the Union, ever. And first of all, it wasnt. There was one during the George W. Bush era that was more watched. Which makes sense cause, back then, TV wasnt as good, you know? Guess weve got to watch this… Its on every channel. Theres only three channels. [crowd laughing] [chuckles] It wasnt the most watched State of Union, and on top of that… just cause people watch it doesnt mean they like you. We watch it cause we need to know what youre gonna say and how it affects our lives! ‘Cause maybe your big closure was And thats why Im nuking North Korea, now. Boom! Shit, Id better get under the table. I think the nukes are coming in. Maybe youre gonna hate a new group we didnt know you were gonna hate. We have to go after the cantaloupe farmers. Er, what? Okay… [laughs] Thats why we watched it. Havent you heard of hate-watching? Thats what were doing as a nation. [crowd laughing] [chuckles] What are you talking about? And then, I mean, theres so many tweets. I cant go through all the tweets. But one of my favorites was in the wake of Charlottesville, and all the Nazi stuff that was going around America, he actually tweeted, [deep breath] Our great country has been divided… for decades. Yeah. All the decades. Like every single one. Ever since we started counting decades, its been divided for decades. At year ten, it was, like, Its been divided for one decade. Thats how it works. -[crowd laughing] -[chuckles] The moment, like, the fucking pilgrims landed and saw native people, theyre like, This is so great. Kill all these people, bring in free labor, lets make America great agaaaaaaain! Its been divided, yes. All the decades. But I think the worst thing about Trump… its not even just him, its the people who surround him. If theres an argument against white supremacy, its that greasy sack of day-old white men who surround Donald Trump. [crowd laughing] A bunch of day-old white men. Not even the new fresh white men. Like a greasy sack of day-old white men. [crowd laughing] Every white man in the administration… Its like a pile of mildewed driftwood, you understand? Cant do shit with it. Cant whittle it, cant set it on fire. [crowd laughing] -[crowd laughing] -[Bell laughs loud] [crowd applauding] I love that youre all, like, Thats not that funny. But it was really… quite a picture you painted there. The administration is just a disaster, from any measure. Some of those white dudes dont even stay round long enough for me to finish reading their Wikipedia pages. I was like, Sebastian Gork– Oh, hes gone. Okay, all right. Oh, Scaramucci, youre gonna be– No, okay. All right, all right. Let me close a couple of these windows. -[crowd laughing] -[chuckles] And the people who defend him on television are, like, Is this the best you could do? These are the defenders? You couldnt get better defenders than this? One of my favorites. Hes not even on TV now. CNN had a guy named Jeffrey Lord. Yeah. I dont even think his last name was Lord. I just think thats what people say, after he talks. [shouts] Jeffrey– Lord! Oh… Jeffrey– Lord! Lord, Jeffrey, Lord. What are you saying, Jeffrey Lord? Lord, help me, Jeffrey Lord. -[crowd laughing] -[chuckles] I think he lives next door to my mom. Jeffrey– Lord! Lord… Jeffrey, Lord. Jeffrey Lord, one time, said, Donald Trump is the Martin Luther King Jr. of health care. [crowd laughing] I was like, Jeffrey Lord, you are the Sean Spicer of Kellyanne Conways. [crowd laughing and applauding] Thats just math. Thats just math. He was like, Thats true, I am the Sean Spicer of Kellyanne Conways. And I mean, you know, I miss Spicey. Wasnt he adorable? -[crowd laughing] -[chuckles] Its like… thats how white supremacy works. White men get jobs they dont want or aint qualified for, and get to keep them for a long time. He was like, Sean, we have a job for you as press secretary. Thats great, I wont have to talk in front of people, or there arent cameras around, and Im not good at lying. Well, you get the job, anyway. [crowd laughing] Just seeing him at the press conferences, like a cockroach on his back. -[crowd laughing] -[chuckles] Somebody pick him up and turn him over, so he can leave. [crowd laughing] Sean Spicer seems like hes composed of the bare minimum amount of semen that it takes to make a human being. Thats all Im saying. Thats all Im saying. You know what I mean? Like, the bare minimum amount. Like the little… the egg was there and the sperm was just, like… [moans] [crowd laughing] And they were like, Technically, thats enough to make a human being. I dont know that its going to amount to much, but we can try. -[crowd laughing] -[chuckles] Just like a weak high-five thats all fingers. Just… [crowd laughing] I guess this deal is sealed? We technically high-fived? [crowd laughing] Donald Trump Jr. seems like the sequel to the movie that shouldnt have been made at all. Hes the Deuce Bigalow: European Gigolo of humanity is all Im saying. -[crowd laughing] -[chuckles] Somebody said, Jesus! Isnt it accurate, though? Isnt it accurate? Yeah, exactly I got two thumbs up. And even when things are clearly egregious, like, clearly, this is not how things should work at the highest levels of the presidency. This is not how we should be around this, this is clearly wrong. They still try to… defend him. And… they dont actually take anything with the information and make it do anything. The whole thing with when he called Africa and, I think, El Salvador, and… [mutters] Haiti, and said theyre shithole countries. Shithole countries. And it happened. We all know it happened. It was immediately reported. It wasnt like weeks or months later. And even Senator Dick Durbin, whos a Democrat, was, like, Wheres the cameras? He said ‘shithole countries. He said ‘shithole countries. Yes. Is TMZ here? Ill say it. He said ‘shithole countries! Anybody on Instagram Live? I wanna tell them. -[crowd laughing] -[chuckles] Anybody still got Vine? Ill do a five-second Vine. He said ‘shithole countries. Was that five seconds? Okay, good. You know… And even Lindsey Graham, whos a Republican, even he admitted it. He ran out of a meeting to senator Tim Scott, his only black friend. Tim! Tim! Tim! Tim! Donald Trump just said ‘shithole countries in a meeting! Go tell the other blacks, Tim! You have to tell the other blacks. -[crowd laughing] -[chuckles] What do you mean youre not Tim? I dont understand. [crowd laughing and applauding] You have to be Tim. Tim, stop playing with me. Tim… Come on, Tim! [crowd laughing and applauding] Hes like, Dude, my name is Clarence. Im on the Supreme Court. Weve met many times. You do this every day. The only… the only… the only…. person I like in the administration is Sarah Huckabee Sanders. Oh, no, come on, everybody. No, shes– Everybody in this room needs a friend like Sarah Huckabee Sanders. Who will lie to your familys [shouts] faces… and never blink. Just looking. Is he here? [harsh voice] Hes not here. [crowd laughing] -I can see him behind you. -Thats not him. [crowd laughing] -Are we good? -Yeah, I guess so. No, she says– I know hes there, waving at us. But she… And the frustrating thing… the most frustrating thing, for me, about the Trump era, or error, depending upon your pronunciation… is that… I still find myself in discussions with people who will still say they dont think hes a racist. White people. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Shes like, Okay. Shes like, People? Oh, white people. Oh, yeah. For a second… Its not just white people on the right. Its white people across the spectrum. You go, I think Donald Trumps a racist. They go, I mean… [crowd laughing] Hes a bad guy, [changes voice] but I dont know if you can call him a racist, I mean… I wouldnt make him the head of BET, but I dont know if you can call him a racist. -[crowd laughing] -[chuckles] I wouldnt let him do the commencement at Morehouse, but I dont know if you can call… [drunk voice] can call him a racist. I mean, its just… so many things… I wouldnt have him host the NAACP Image Awards, but I wouldnt call him a… White people, when someone brings up Trumps racism, why do you turn into that thing outside used car lots? [crowd laughing] [drunk voice] Oh, I dont know… I wouldnt have him make the collard greens for the family reunion, but I wouldnt call him a racist. I wouldnt put him in charge of rebuilding Puerto Rico, but I wouldnt call him a racist. Oops. I wouldnt cast him in the reboot of Living Single as Overton, but I wouldnt call him a racist. I wouldnt have him run the shea butter booth at Afropunk, but I wouldnt call him a racist. -[crowd laughing] -[chuckles] I wouldnt have him do the bake sale at the Mumia Abu-Jamal fundraiser, but I wouldnt call him a racist. I have hundreds of these… -[crowd laughing] -[chuckles] Play along at home. Its a fun game. [crowd applauding] I wouldnt buy him a pair of Stacy Adams shoes, but I wouldnt… I have so many. I wouldnt cast him as Madea, but I dont know. I cant stop. I cant stop doing it, I cant stop. I hope some black people are like, I can come up with some, too! This is a fun way to go through the next… three years. -[crowd laughing] [chuckles] So, white people, lets be clear. Yes! Hes a racist. 100%. Its provable. [crowd applauding] Its provable. You can google it right now. [continuous applauding] If you google Is Donald Trump a racist? Googles, like, How much time you got? Thats how it works. Hes a racist. I mean, you dont have to even go… [exhales] Like, the first time he ever appeared, in print, it was in The New York Times in 1973. And it was cause he was a landlord who would not rent his apartments to people of color. Thats the first time, in 1973. And he was investigated by the Department of Justice. Lets be clear about this. In 1973, the Department of Justice was run by the Nixon Administration! The Nixon Administration started the War on Drugs that targeted people of color, yet they were, like, This is racist… This is… Nah, this is like extra racist. Give it a fun name like the War on Black People Living Indoors, but this… -[crowd laughing] -[chuckles] Theres other examples. Central Park Five! Yeah, you know about that, yeah. He took out full-page newspaper ads saying, Bring back the death penalty… to… to… ‘Cause he wanted to kill these five men of color… who were accused of sexually assaulting a white woman, and they didnt do it! They all went to prison. They all spent a lot of time there. They didnt do it. He took out full-page ads calling for the death penalty. And he never apologized for it. Nobody pushes him about it. Nobody brings it up. Yes, hes a racist. Yeah! [crowd applauding] Whats that other thing? Birtherism! I dont know if this black guy was born in America. I think hes from Kenya. He was born in Hawaii. Like I said, he wasnt born in America. Oh, God… And, like I said, white people go, I dont know. After all that, [drunk voice] I dont know if you can call him a racist… I dont know. Some white man, on Twitter, tweeted this out. He had a blue check mark, so he was an actual white man. [crowd laughing] Not a Russian bot man, an actual white man. He tweeted out a picture of Donald Trump talking to a black man. And he goes, Look how close Donald is standing to this black man. A racist would never do that. [shouts] Thats not how racism wooooorks! Its never been about proximity. Literally never! [crowd laughing] How would they have gotten black people on the boats in Africa? [shouts] Get on the boooooat! [crowd laughing] I cant be close to you because I want you to know Im definitely a racist. [shouts] Get on the boooooat! [crowd laughing] Its not about how close you are to a black person. Thomas Jefferson was real close to black people, you know? [crowd laughing] You know what Im saying, sister. You know it. -[crowd laughing] -[chuckles] What are you talking about? You gotta get real close to black people to lynch them. Is this thing on? Is this thing on? [drunk voice] I dont know, I mean, that all sounds bad… But I dont know if you can call him a racist, I mean… [pants] I wouldnt have him make an album of Grace Jones covers, but I dont know if you could call him a racist. That was way funnier than everybody else gave credit for. With the hi-top? Donald Trump? Yeah. [grunts] Well meet afterwards at the black people meeting. [crowd laughing] Fine, I can prove hes a racist much easier than all that stuff. Donald Trump appointed as the attorney general for the United States of America a man named Jeff Sessions. Yes, yes, were all in agreement there. Jeff Sessions was once found to be too racist… to be a judge… [shouts hard] in Alabama! [crowd laughing] Alabama! Alabama! Alabama! And this wasnt in the 50s or 60s, it was in the 1980s! Theres black people on TV getting adopted by white people every day! Diffrent Strokes. Webster. [crowd laughing] Hes like, Turn on The Dukes of Hazzard. Thats how he is! And look, Im not even trying to make fun of Alabama when I say that. My dad lives in Alabama. I go to Alabama two, three times a year with my family. I love Alabama. But I also know that Alabama is still, in large part… Alabama, you know what I mean? Theres black people walking around, going, Are we free? I heard were free. Somebody said were free. I got an alert on my phone that says black people are free. Were not free? Okay. ? Swing low, sweet chariot  ? ? Coming for to carry me home ? Youre sure? Okay. ? Swing low, sweet chariot  ? Clearly I dont know anything about slavery. Im shoveling the cotton, I guess. [crowd laughing] I want to thank my ancestors who fought hard for me not to know shit about how to pick cotton. Thank you, dead black people. Thank you. -[crowd applauding] I dont know. The thing that hits me when I think about all the stuff that Trump is doing, its not just racism. Its sexism, and transphobia, and homophobia, and ableism. You know what? Its that it just makes me miss Barack Obama. [sobs] I just… [crowd cheering and applauding] [sobs] I just, like… Oh, give me a minute. Like a lot of people, I didnt agree with everything Barack Obama did. Theres things he did I didnt agree with. But he was, whats called… a grown-up? [crowd laughing] I always feel sorry for Barack Obama. On the one hand, he was the president, which means, automatically, he sucked. Yeah. Thank you, yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah, and of course you know, yeah. Every president sucks. Some presidents just suck worse than others. Our job in a democracy is to push every president to be better than they even think they can be. Thats our job. Were like parents where the kids, like, I got an ‘A-plus. And youre like, Is that all you got? You couldnt do better? -No, its impossible! -Im still disappointed. Thats how it works in a democracy. Now, admittedly, not every president is bringing us A-pluses. We got a guy, right now, whos bringing us U-minuses. You know what Im saying? [crowd laughing] Hes got the paper upside down, going, I got a lowercase ‘N. Hes excited about a lowercase N. But, yeah, our job is to push presidents to be better, no matter how good we already think they are, you know? The problem with the presidency is the way we even talk about the presidency. The way we let the white men, who traditionally win, talk about it. They talk about it like you win the presidency. Then when they win the presidency, they want to be treated like pageant winners. They want us to be like, Yay, you won! [sobs] No! [crowd laughing] No, you dont win the presidency. We all know how it works. Were smart people. You buy the presidency. You put a bid on the presidency, and you wait to see if your bid gets taken. You dont even have to put much money in. They take your bid. And buying the presidency is like buying anything. Its like… its not new. Its new to you. Its like buying a used car off the internet. Whatever was wrong with the car before, its your problem now. And as we all know, Barack Obama bought the American car, from George W. Bush, who left the American car stuck on the highway… facing the wrong direction… in the fast lane… with bald tires and no steering wheel… and for the first three years, Dick Cheney wouldnt get out of the back seat. [crowd laughing] Go to the right! Go to the right! Go to the right! Thats a circle. Ill waterboard youuuuuuuuu! Thats illegal. Ill shoot you in the face and make you apologize to meeeee! And he did that shit. Barack was in a unique position cause normally in that moment, when the president is having a problem, theyre supposed to get help from co-workers. And he turned to his co-workers, Hey, senators, can you help me push the car out of the lane? [shouts] Show us your birth certificate! Okay. Congress, can you help? Show us your long-form birth certificate! Barack Obama was like, Shoot. Im sorry, Michelle. Can you help me push this car? I got you, boo. Arghhhhhhhhhh! [crowd cheering and applauding] Yeah. Yeah. Youve seen those guns. [crowd continues to applaud] Yeah. If Im honest, I miss Michelle most of all [sobs]. [Crowd wowing and applauding] Every day, #BlackGirlMagic just spilling out of the White House. [crowd laughing] [chuckles] Its so amazing. I kind of wish Michelle still had a job in the White House. Every day, when Trump came home from his two hours of hard work… she would stand in the doorway, going… [tut-tuts] [crowd laughing] Look at this motherfucker over here. [tut-tuts] Really? [crowd laughing] Part of the job description of president is that you suck. But then, on the other hand, Barack Obama got all that criticism that no one else got in the history of the American presidency. Yeah, you know what Im talking about. Youd see those squirrelly white people on TV. [shouts] Barack Obamas a leftist, socialist, militant Muslim! Every time I heard that shit, I was like, Man, I wish! Okay? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah! Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah! I wish! That would have been amaziiiiiing! I dont know if you can be all those things together, but I would have loved to see the Negro tryyyyy! I think some cancel each other out, but go, Negro, go! [crowd laughing] [chuckles] Im getting so excited, Im getting a bit of an erection thinking about it now. Mm. Shake it off. Shake it off. Oh, my God, thatd be so exciting! The press conferences, alone, would be pay-per-view! All he wears is baby-blue turtle necks and dashikiiiiiiiiis. Long black leather jackets. Bullet belts like you see from the movies. Got a rifle on his back at all times. Big nappy afro, black beret tilted off to the side. Never wears pants. Oh, he does lean to the left, yeah. Theres a wicker chair in the Oval Office. Hes always standing between a Black Panther and an actual black panther… [snarls] [crowd laughing] …while they play the movie The Black Panther on a loop in the background. [laughs] Press conferences are as short as shit. Walks up to the microphone, looks round angry, Black power fist, walks away. And they play the blackest song in the history of all time. The theme from Sanford and Son. [humming] [crowd laughing] [continues humming] Cant get blacker than Redd Foxx and Quincy Jones. Unless Beyoncé wants to jump on. You know what Im talking about. [chuckles] Thats a black president even black people could be afraid of, yes. Even the ghost of Malcolm X would be, like, Not by those means. That is completely unnecessary. Thats not the Negro we had. [crowd laughing] And the truth is that… when Trump won, I wasnt that surprised. I know it caught people off guard, but I travel around this country a lot. I see a lot of different parts of this country. I can see that one of the problems of this country, or one of the challenges, is that we all live in our communities. Some of us love our communities so much, we start to think that everybody else should live like we live and if theyre not, theyre doing America wrong. The great thing about traveling is I get to hear things, and meet people, and experience things I never would have, that to me sound weird, and I dont know where to classify them. But then I realize its not really about me. Its fine. But it opens up my ideas of what this country is. We have to expand our idea of what an American is so we dont think other people are doing America wrong when theyre just doing it differently than us. All right? Yeah. Its true of people on the left, too. Not just the right. [crowd applauding] And I learned that lesson specifically. You got to expand your ideas. You dont know what you might hear. I had a gig in Garden City, Kansas. Yeah. Somebodys like, Oh. [chuckles] Somebodys like, Uh-oh. This wont end well. So, Garden City, Kansas, is one of those places that you cant fly directly there. Its, like, two or three planes, then you go to the airport and theres another plane, but on a different airline that you didnt sign up for. You been to those places? I got to St. Louis airport, Im like, Im here for my flight to Garden City, Kansas. Theyre like, Its down there. I start walking to a part of the airport… where theres, like, dark… The overhead lights are, like… [imitates electricity crackling] And I get to the counter and its like… Joes Air Conditioners and Flights. Youre like, Whoa! Did you start out selling air conditioners then add flights to sell more of them? There was, like, an old-school hotel bell. Ding! The guy walks out of the back, like, Hey, whats up, man? Im, like, Im going to Garden City, Kansas. Hes like, Okay. Hes doing my ticket, and he goes, Oh, before we get any further, I need to ask you question. How much do you weigh? [crowd laughing] Like, why are you asking me that? Hes like, ‘We need to know how much so we can figure out the weight distribution on the plane. I was like, How much do I weigh? [crowd laughing] Not enough to go to Garden City, Kansas. How much do I weigh? Heres the thing. Im a man. A heterosexual… cisgender… Dad man. Nobody gives a shit how much I weigh, all right? It never comes up. No, I have no fucking idea how much I weigh. [crowd laughing] Im a heterosexual, cisgendered, Dad man. I weigh perfect, okay? You know what Im saying? [crowd laughing] [chuckles] I look beautiful, no matter what you say. Words cant bring me down. [chuckles] Im like, Ive no idea how much I weigh. I was standing at the counter, like, Um… Lets see, I was, like… [deep breaths] 170 in high school? Maybe Im like 175 now? I mean, I like a midnight burrito, every now and again, so 176. Lets just round up to 180, just for the sake of argument. [chuckles] I didnt say that… cause I wanted to survive the flight, so… I was like, I got to pick an amount that I think at least covers me? I was, like, 750 pounds. [crowd laughing] [chuckles] Why are we bringing math into this anyway? Shouldnt you have figured it out before I got to the airport? What are you doing? Just fill her up, okay? Just put all the gas you can into the gas tank, until it spills out, then put the cap on real quick. Ill carry gas in my lap if that helps. Id rather crawl out on the fucking airplane and put a thing back in the… [crowd laughing] [chuckles] I had my backpack, and Im about to get on the plane. He goes, You cant take your backpack on the plane, cause thatll screw up the weight distribution, too. I was like, Okay. Let me just take my laptop out so I can watch a movie before I die. And the guy goes, No, thatll screw up the weight distribution, too. Im like, Its a MacBook Air… Cant do it. So I give him my laptop. And I get on the plane, singing to myself. ? Long long time ago ? ? I can still remember ? ? How that comic used to make me smile ? ? But February made me shiver ? ? With every punchline he delivered ? ? Bad news on the doorstep ? ? I couldnt take one more step ? ? I cant remember if I cried when I read about his widowed white bride ? ? But something touched me ? ? Deep inside ? ? The day ? ? The NAACP Image Award-nominated comedian ? ? Died ? [crowd wowing] ? And we were singing… ? [crowd singing] ? Bye-bye, Miss American Pie ? ? Drove my Chevy to the levee But the levee was dry ? ? Them good ole boys were drinking whiskey and rye ? ? Singin thisll be the day that I die ? ? Thisll be the day that I die… ? [shouts] Yeeeeeaaaaaah! No one knew that was gonna happen. No one knew that shit was going down. Some of you are like, I havent felt this good since the election! Who knew we just needed an American Pie sing-along? The white people are, like, My spine is back! My spine is back! [shouts] Donald Trumps a raciiiiiiist! [crowd laughing] Felt good, huh? Meanwhile, all the black people are like, What the fuck is this? Nah, Negro. Nah. Nah. I knew this was one of those private school Negroes. I knew this shit. [crowd laughing] [chuckles] So I get to Garden City, Kansas. Yeah, were still there. Its like… This is gonna go for a while. This is like R. Kellys Trapped in the Closet… -[crowd laughing] -[chuckles] I get to Garden City, Kansas. I do the gig. It goes fine. After the gig, Im in, like, a school cafeteria… and I get some tea… and Im looking for some sugar to put in my tea. But I couldnt find any sugar. And all of a sudden, I see the oatmeal station. I see theres brown sugar, so I go, Ill put brown sugar in my tea. I walk over to the oatmeal station, and I put some brown sugar in my tea, and at that moment, this little old white lady sees me doing it. And she walks over to me. You hear things, in small towns, I dont even know how to react. She walks over, and she goes, Excuse me. Are you putting brown sugar in your coffee? I was like, No, my tea. She goes, Whoo! ‘Cause if you had been, then Id think to myself, ‘Now Ive seen everything! [crowd laughing] [shouts] Nooooooooooo! Heres the thing about that. If thats your response to me putting brown sugar in my coffee, I know one of two things is true. Either youve seen everything. Or, more likely, youve seen… [shouts] nothing! Not a goddamn thing. You are living Groundhog Day every day of your life… You wake up, go to work, come home and watch that Wheel of Fortune/Jeopardy back-to-back thats been on for 30 years. Then you immediately go, Night, night. [snores] Youve never seen primetime television. Now Ive seen everything? From me putting… I was like… I was a little sad I wasnt actually putting brown sugar in my coffee. What would her reaction have been like then? Like, maybe shes seen everything… and this is the last thing she needs to see before she dies. Like shes got a bucket list, and its all filled out, and shes ready to die, but she needs to see one more thing. Maybe shes like, [harsh voice] Ive been everywhere. Ive seen everything. I was at Stonewall with my LGBTQ brothers and sisters fighting the cops. I was organizing with the migrant farm workers in Mexico. I was with Che Guevara when I said, ‘Keep wearing the hat. It looks cute. [crowd laughing] I was in Silicon Valley with Steve Jobs. I said, ‘I dont give a shit what you call it. Call it Apple. Im hungry, Steve. Ive been everywhere. Ive seen everything. But the one thing Ive never seen… is a random black guy… putting brown sugar… in his coffeeeee! I just want to diiiiiiie. I cant wait much longer. But I was cursed as a young girl. Im 172 years old. [gasps] I see a black guy! With a coffee cup. Hes putting brown sugar in it. Lord Jesus, thank you! Ive been a faithful servant. Excuse me, black man. Are you putting brown sugar… [deep breath] in your coffee? Nah, its my tea. [shouts] Damn it! I want to shuffle off this mortal coil! Disappointeeeeeeed! The next day in Garden City, Kansas– No, Im just kidding! -[crowd laughing] -[chuckles] It just keeps going! So, yeah… Theres a lot of different people in this country with different ideas. Some of those ideas we need to fight back against when theyre wrong or hurting people, but some are just different. You know. And the amazing thing about having my kids, my daughters, is Im starting to see the world through their eyes, which is different to mine, cause theyre people living a different experience as mixed-race/black kids. Thank you, white people, for that. They have this two-identity thing, so I dont have all the answers for them, and my wife whos white doesnt have answers so we learn through their eyes. You know? And its sort of interesting, because Sami is darker than Juno… and I didnt realize how that was affecting them. Until one day I was talking to my daughters, I was like, Hey, were all black people. Thats how we talk in my house. Were all black people. Their mom wasnt in the room at the time. I was like, Hold on a second. Were all black people. And my daughter Sami… at that moment, looks at me and goes… and points at her sister… [crowd laughing] She was like, Dont hurt her feelings! Shes going to find out shes white some day! I realized weve totally flipped the whole white supremacy thing in my house! In my house, black is good, and whites the bad thing to be! She was like, Dont hurt her feelings. Shes gonna find out shes white. And as much as I knew that that was not correct… I was also too busy laughing. [crowd laughing] And looking for a pen to write it down, you know? In that space when I was laughing and looking for a pen, suddenly Sami brightened up and goes, Wait, I just realized something. In our house, we have two blacks and two whites. Are you thinking about a potential race riot? What are you doing? Yes, Donald Trump might bring around the actual race riot, but its not gonna affect our house! Think were going to split up into teams at our house? Blacks on that side. Whites on this side. Lets do this! Like we would also? I gotta be honest, if we did have to have that kind of fight in the house, I love Sami. Shes tough, but I want my three-year-old daughter Juno. If youre in a fight, you want a three-year-old with you cause they dont play fair, and Juno… Three-year-olds have that thing where they have all their physical capabilities, but the brain hasnt caught up with their bodies, so they cant get the words out. Theyre kind of like teeny-tiny Hulks, you know? [roars] So thats who I want on my side if were breaking into fight teams in the house. Juno, shes adorable and sweet, but sometimes she just gets mad. Like, she actually takes swings at people! You know what I mean? Like, she regularly will take a swing at me. Again, Id like to parent them over it, but its also kind of adorable and hilarious! One time, she took a swing at me, I go, Okay, wait a minute, Juno. Whats your best-case scenario for this? Whats your best case? Lets say you hit me in my thigh. Somehow that hits a fresh point and you knock me the fuck out. Im just out. Then what happens? You eat all the bananas you can reach, then what happens? She looked me in the eye and said, I figure out. [crowd laughing and applauding] [chuckles] Yeah. Its tough. And so now the thing is, weve had to teach her that shes got to be careful. ‘Cause we actually got our first note home from her school. Apparently, there was a disturbance over a toy. Her and a little boy fought over the toy. The note said she hit the boy, and she actually scratched him with her fingernails. Its moments like that, you find out a lot about who you are as a parent. ‘Cause in that moment, I turned to Juno and I said, Juno, we gotta cut your fingernails cause… Dont do the crime and the time, Juno! Thats… I think thats how that expression goes. Yeah, I wasnt really mad at her for hitting a kid. I learned from my mom. You dont take the states side against your child. [crowd laughing] So now we have a rule that Juno is not allowed to hit anybody… but me. The point being, I dont want her walking round hitting people, but also, as a future lady, I want her to know how to throw a punch. You see what Im saying? I dont want the first time she needs to throw a punch to be the first time she throws a punch. At some point, shell be like, I know Im not supposed to hit people, but… wallaaaaaa [shouts] The great thing is, because shes hitting me, shes really getting her core strength up, cause Im huge, like 180, 182 pounds. [crowd laughing] Yeah, so shes really working her core! You know? Like some Whats Love Got To Do With It Angela Bassett-era, you know? [chuckles] I think thats great. One time shell have to hit a dude. What did you say? Wallaaaaaa [shouts] Like Flawless Victory. Finish him! So, I realized that… Juno being lighter, the world does not always see us as being connected. ‘Cause she looks white to white people. Not to black people. Theyre like, I see that hair and that nose, thats one of us there. -[crowd laughing] -[chuckles] Its got a little extra kink to it. But when we walk around the world together, just the two of us, the world doesnt always see us as being connected, you know? The thing with Juno, like I said, shes a little… [grunts] But she also likes to run. Sometimes shell be like, Dada, can I run? Yeah, so she goes… [grunts] Like LeBron on the fast break. I let her run, especially when we go to airports cause I want her to get the wiggles out before the flight. So, shell take off running, and shell run full-on. She doesnt get out of peoples way. You get out of her way, and I love it. As a young woman, she should make the world bend to her, instead of bending to them. You know what Im saying? Just keep running… Theyll figure it out. [crowd applauding] The funny thing is in airports, shell be 20, 30 feet away from me and people are like, Theres this little white baby running… and they look up for the kids parents… but theyll see me, and they dont see me as a parent. Theyre like, Black man, move! Im looking for her parents! You cant be the parent. Youre a different shade! Thats how parenting works all the time! Move, black man! And cause Im a comedian, Im like, Oh, my God, yes! Let me help you find this childs parents. Is this an amber alert? Is that how this works? I dont know! Do we text Amber? I dont know what to do! [crowd laughing] People dont like that joke. Thats cruel to do to your daughter. Look, she doesnt get that far away. And nobody ever gets that involved. Theyre at the airport, theyre like, Maybe shes late for a baby flight. [crowd laughing] I mean, babies fly for free in the overhead on Spirit Airlines. I dont know how it works. [laughs] So one time were in the airport and she takes off running. Like 20, 30 feet ahead of me, she turns a corner, so I gotta catch up. I turn the corner, and shes found this toy store in the airport. And this toy store has these huge inflatable Mickey Mouses. Like, theyre just huge! And she sees them, and she grabs, like, five of them. She sets them on the ground in a semicircle and sits across from them, like, [shouts] Airport tea party! Which I didnt know was a thing. Airport tea party. She does that and this woman who works at the toy store goes, No! No! No! And starts snatching the Mickey Mouses from her, like started pulling them. I was like, What are you doing, lady? First, nobody talks to my kid that way. You dont know my kid and how I parent. We dont talk to our kid that way. You cant just yell at my kid. Second, its a toy store in the airport. You expect no onea gonna touch this shit? Third, you may not realize, but my girl is black and mixed race. Black women take the shit end of the stick a lot in this country. So I dont need you teaching her that at age three, okay? Nah. you cant just be yelling at her. Thats not how it works, you cant– No. And fourth… you just fucked up a sale. I almost bought five Mickey Mouses, you understand what Im saying? Five overpriced airport– I would have bought six, three for each, so they wouldnt fight over them. I almost headed back to the gate with six huge bags. Hi, Emma. I bought six inflatable Mickey Mouses. Juno kind of liked them for a second. No, she doesnt like them now, but we have all six of them. Yeah, we have to leave the luggage here in the Denver airport, Im sorry. We gotta get these home. So, lady, you just fucked up a sale. You just fucked up a huge sale. And, you know… But I was, like… in that moment, and my mom had moments like this with me, so I remember these moments, moments when the outside world gets in the way of your family… and you figure out how to defend your family and let your family know that youre on their side no matter what happens. You know, and I realized in that moment that I had to defend her, but I also had to do what Im trying to do in 2018. When racism happens to me… Historically, people of color just hold it. This is true of all the hates. Like transphobia, like homophobia, like ableism. You just hold it, and you have to take it home. But in 2018, Im playing hot potato. I just toss it right back. Nope! Im out of time. Im out of time. [crowd applauding] You tell the story. So I realize I have to defend her, and also toss the racism back to this lady. I look down at my beautiful daughter Juno. Its okay, Juno, we have to go, because apparently… [shouts] they dont serve black people here! [humming Sanford and Son theme] Thank you, everybody! ? Long long time ago ? Thank you. [crowd cheering and applauding] Thank you. [crowd continue cheering and applauding] Sir, I feel like Im looking into my future. How am I doing in the future? It looks like Im doing all right. It looks like Im doing all right. [chuckles] I like those gloves. Im gonna start wearing those gloves.

ENISSA AMANI@EHRENWORT@2018@Hey, whats up? Whats up? Youre all standing, thats so sweet! Camera, did you get a shot of them standing? Theyre standing! Thank you. But sit down, sit down! Sit down, sit down. Alaikum salaam. Hamburg, Im so proud, you cant even imagine. Of course Im extremely nervous, but Im just so proud. I chose Hamburg for this special, this beautiful… Isnt this a beautiful theater? We have really beautiful theaters in Germany. So classy with the chandelier… in this street full of brothels. Thats very… Seriously. Thats kind of my life. An elegant street surrounded by brothels. No, I like it. Im proud to be here. I have… No, it was a little difficult. We had to pay protection money to some random guys. We wanted to play in this theater, and these guys were like, Yeah… why? We were like, Its for Netflix. They were like, Whos that? Allah, I dont even know. Im so happy, Im so… Hey, Im… Thats probably already been mentioned. Im very, very proud. Im the first woman in Germany, and the third person in general… After two gentlemen, Im the first woman with a Netflix Original in Germany. Im so proud… Thank you! Hey, listen! Hey, wait. Hang on. That doesnt count. Stop the shenanigans. You either clap right away, sincerely… But not after a seconds hesitation, like… A lot of people dont know what that is. A Netflix Original is… Also these… Hang on. Original means there is this, you know, Netflix logo at the beginning. That means people who are watching this saw it, too. The Netflix logo comes first, and then theres this duh-dun. Thats it, really. Thats the whole difference, you know? Really, theres this duh-dun. Netflix reached out to me. At first I was like, No, I dont know… Im, like, artsy and stuff. Really, I dont want anything to do with TV. I only want to do live shows, art and stuff. Then Netflix made an offer, and all I heard was duh-dun, Allah. I was like, Okay, Im on my way. Hang on. But this is Germany, you know? If you think, Damn, Enissa is rich now, think again. Right away, the taxman was like, Duh-dun! I swear. I havent paid yet. The day after tomorrow, the debt collector will be like, Duh-dun! Freelancers… Do we have any freelancers here tonight? You know how that is. Since Ive… Do you try to deduct everything, too? Everything. I try to deduct everything. I even try to deduct thoughts. I called the taxman, I was like, I had a thought. I want to handle that correctly, I believe in the system. You know? I want to… I do little extra things. Like Im trying to get sick so I can go to the doctor. Then I can deduct that. Im really very proud, I mean… Forget Netflix, I mean in general. No, I love them, I swear. More than anything. Theyre paying so much! So… I love them. Do you all watch Stranger Things? Please watch it. What are you watching right now? Watch everything! Watch Stranger Things and this Dark… That new show. Dark… Its a German Netflix Original, the first. Watch that. The Netflix people are here tonight, too. Theyre sitting somewhere, Illuminati-style… like, Okay… What else is there to watch? Is there porn on Netflix? Is there news on Netflix? News would be cool. Id watch a whole season in advance. Thatd be a spoiler. In Germany, you have to be careful. We are not that relaxed. Im so proud, Ive been performing in English for a year now. Im extremely proud. Its intense to perform abroad. But its also a little different, you know? In Germany, people know me, they get excited. People ask me in the street to have their picture taken with me. Bless you. They ask… Seriously, someone was like… Its really cool. People know me by now, Im very proud. People are so kind, they approach me in the street. Hey, I like what you do, I like your work, and so on. But then you go abroad, and you are just… nobody. Just… Youre abroad, so of course you start over. Im nobody. Im a total loser. Im like this guy. You know? Im just… Seriously! Abroad, Im just like him. He is… Sorry. Him. Just kidding. He is really cute. He is… Youre sitting front row. Front row is always fucked, you know? Front row, man… Who has never been to a comedy show before? Never? Ever? Youve been to one before? And you make the same mistake again. Front row, dear? Just kidding. Whats your name? Yannis. Im such a Yannis when Im abroad. A proper… Abroad, seriously, Im just Yannis. Im him. Give it up for Yannis, please. He did so well. Yannis has… I want to tell you something about being abroad. Germans complain that American or British stand-up comedians are the best. Right? Our idols are mostly American or British comedians. Thats true. Those from the UK, from London, are phenomenal, true. But listen, guys, seriously, the audience is different, too. The audience… Its a reciprocal thing. We have to deliver, you have to enjoy yourselves. Here in Germany, were all a little reserved. You know? Abroad, I perform with a mixed lineup, with different colleagues. In the audience there are people… Absolutely nobody knows who I am, they dont know whether Im good or funny, or what I look like. Nothing. And then you get announced, and before they even see you, the Americans go nuts. You know what theyre like. They stand up and yell, applaud and stuff… In Germany, its… Hang on. In Germany, there are people who buy their tickets seven months in advance. Seven months in advance. Theyre so excited to see the show, they might even honor you by saying theyre a fan or something. Right? Then you come out on stage, and they are sitting there like that. Really. Like that! I just busted some people. Yeah! I swear. They have this mindset, this inner mindset, they are like, Well, it might be nice. Its confusing for us here on stage. I mean, I can see you. I dont know if hes fine or miserable, if hes a Nazi… I dont know! I dont know what… But I love… We have to… The ease… Thats whats missing a little. The ease. Weve got people like… Up here is Yannis, for example. Then we have… Yannis, where are you from? Originally? Are you German? Where are my Germans at? Wait, no. Guys… Shes only yelling… Normally, Germans would never yell. You just… All other nationalities yell. No matter whom you ask. Poles, Russians, Iranians, Turks, everyone. And Germans… Even though they are a majority, even in my audience. When I ask, Where are the Germans? Theyre like, Mm-hm, yes… We are present, yes. I have also purchased a ticket. Tim, raise your hand, too! Germans… Germans love their understatement. See, us migrants… Even if its just one person, you know? I ask, Where are the Turkish people? Why this unnecessary pride? Why? Its… Same thing with Iranians, even if its only one person. Where are the Iranians? Why? I always think they do the same thing at the UN, like when they have a vote. Everyone is against it, and the Iranians go… Not us, we are all for it. As a matter of principle. I thank the Turks for coming, and the Iranians. Where are the Kurds? Very nice. Did you see that? And he did right by sitting very far from the Turks. Well done. Honey, stay there for safety reasons. Do we have more Turks, Kurds, who are…? Who are sitting together? Turks and Kurds? Wow! Is the press here tonight? Please write, Enissa Amani is bringing peace to the world. Please write that. Its so good. Really? Turks and… Turks, Kurds. Im proud. That makes me really proud. Let me tell you, here in this beautiful theater… Wherever Ive performed, Im not kidding, no matter how big the location was, even in an arena, no matter how many people were there, if you ask, Are there any Turks here? one side screams. If you ask for Kurds, the other side screams. I always ask myself, how do they separate… How? 6000 guests. Is there anyone at the entrance whos like, Good evening. You are Turkish? Please sit on the right. You are Kurdish? Please sit on the left. How do they do that? I love this world-peace stuff. We actually do have the press here. The newspaper Bild accredited themselves. Jerks, all of them. Yeah. Really, thats how they get in touch. Bild writes an e-mail to the agency, like, We would like to accredit ourselves for this evening. What theyre saying is, they want to come. You know? Why do they even use words like that when their readers dont even get them? Why accredit? Those sons of bitches. Its true, you shouldnt fuck with them. I love the Bild newspaper. To be honest, they treat me very nicely. I talk shit about them, they write nice stuff about me. No idea why. They are really… No, please, subscribe to Bild. Theyre great. Please do. Seriously, they have a lot of power. Check it out. There is always a whore on the first page. Check it out. -Who is this guy in the front? -Fatih. -Fatih? Wheres this name from? -Turkey. From Turkey. Fatih here… Ill give you a good example. You know? Listen. One, two, three… In the fourth row, there is a classy lady with a groomed haircut and a scarf. She is from the intellectual camp, you know? You can see it. This lady has already seen a theater from the inside, you know? Its not her first time in the St. Pauli theater. Whats your name, my dear? -Monika. -Monika. All right. Listen. See, Im very proud of this mixed audience, but it makes it very hard for me to write stand-up. Because I have to write a set that Monika likes… but which also amuses Fatih. That is a little bit… Its not easy. With a mixed audience, its not easy. But its cool. Normally, if the show is going well, Monika will meet Fatih by accident in St. Pauli tomorrow, and then Monika will say to Fatih, Hey, bro, whats up? You know? Its like… Its important to me that youre relaxed. Youre here to have fun, arent you? Doing stand-up, Ive realized, is the coolest job ever, because I really believe in karma, and for one evening its my job to make people laugh. The thing is, this has been proven, the live audience in Germany… Every other person attending a live comedy show is someone who is having a hard time. Look, someones nodding already. Seriously, the girl in the fifth row… I was about to kill myself, but I thought I want to see Enissa one last time. Ive already done one side. No, really. I do it myself. If I feel bad, I go watch a comedy show. And I dont mean stupid everyday worries that we all have, like financial problems. I dont have those anymore, Im doing really well. No, I mean it. We all have our everyday problems, Im not talking about those. I mean people who are having a hard time because of a sickness, accident, disability. We often have… And Im really proud of that. We have people here who come to the signing session afterwards and say, Hey, comedy means a lot to me. It gives me strength, makes me laugh. Im so proud of my job because… I get to make people happy for one evening. They should laugh and forget their worries. But you need to be relaxed for that. Theres no need to overthink things. Listen, I ask people about their nationalities. In the beginning, I ask if there are Germans, Russians, Poles… I ask around. And at night, one person posts on my Facebook page: Yeah, but you didnt ask about Macedonians. Because nobody cares, dumbass. I should ask about Macedo… What is this? Im just kidding. I love Macedonians. Are there any Macedonians here? There really is one! I love Macedonians, really. She is really pretty, she doesnt even look like a whore. Welcome! Wow, Hamburg, Allah… I swear, honey… I really do, sweetie. Did the camera get the pretty girl? I just wanted to check how horrible they are. I love Mace… In my opinion, Macedonians are the smartest, most intellectual, beautiful, amazing women and men on the planet. Just great. They are never whores. Czechs are whores. Macedonians… Seriously. Are there any Czechs here? Really? I swear, I love Czechs. Honestly, I love Czechs. They are the best. They are the smartest, greatest… Relax, people. Listen, sometimes I perform… Ill give you two examples on how to be relaxed. Sometimes Im invited to do a cabaret. Im very proud of it. And when Im invited to do a cabaret, there are older, renowned colleagues, whom Im a huge fan of myself. Its a great honor to share a stage with them. But of course, its a different audience. You go out on stage, the audience isnt as diverse as mine. Yannis is here, Fatih is here, Monika is here. No, you get on stage, the entire audience is 80 years or older. Everyone, seriously. So much white hair you think youre standing in a field of cotton. Really. I would… Yeah. And then… Its good… But still, Im proud to perform there. But a different generation means a different use of language, a different jargon. They dont get everything. If you, you know… If you come from a different generation, you speak a little differently. But its good. I perform in a cabaret, theyre laughing, Im proud. I think, Cool, this is going down well. I tell them about my childhood… But Ive also had cabaret shows when I suddenly said something like son of a bitch, and the whole audience was startled. The whole… You could sense it, they were all, like, frozen, you know? And you think, Oh, no, what happened? Did they die? You cant know for sure, can you? Its my job to entertain them, right? I had a cabaret show close to Münster, and I… Everyone was laughing. I was talking about my childhood, and at some point I said son of a bitch, and everyone was shocked. I thought, Oh, no, I have to explain it. So I told them, first of all, Id never say such a thing in private. Never. Yeah, okay, if I say Nazis are sons of bitches, well… Or ISIS, okay. But Id never say it to a person, really. Never. If there are younger people are here, Ive done my bit for their upbringing. I would never… I wouldnt do that. Thats just not done. But on stage, well, thats different. I tried to explain it, but it was in vain. There was an elderly gentleman in the first row. Very elegant, groomed. He was a lot older. He wore a suit jacket and was listening intently. I thought, Im gonna talk to him, thats how Ill save the situation. I wanted him to understand that it was just fun. So I asked him, I went, Excuse me, how did you insult your peers in your youth? When you were young, what was the ultimate expletive? When you were a teenager, what was the worst thing you said when you got really, really angry? And he said… He tilted his head back and looked at me sternly. He said, When I was young, Miss Amani… we were not cussing at all. I said, Well, you werent allowed to in the Hitler Youth. Im glad youre laughing. They didnt laugh at all. Wait, hang on, speaking of examples of how to be relaxed… Before anybody can say, Oh, she called the old guy a Nazi! No, I didnt. Well, yes, I did, but… I swear to you, this guy was so cool. He was so relaxed and had such a great understanding of comedy. He understood right off that I was joking. How would I know whether he was a Nazi? He probably was, but I wouldnt know. I cant… No, he was really… After that, he really loosened up, laughed along, and understood that its my job to be quick-witted, that its not… And then he really got involved. My next bit was something about bitches from Berlin. So I asked the same gentleman, Sorry, do you know the word ‘bitch? And he said, No, but I know where Berlin is. He was… Like I said, such a cool guy. He even gave me a fist bump. And I thought, its so cool he had such an understanding for comedy. Much more than most 18-year-olds. That he just grasped… I went backstage very proudly, and I gave that gentleman some tickets. I was at a cabaret show with four older colleagues, we each had 15-minute sets. And I said to that gentleman, You know what? When Im in the city with my solo show, my live show, Id like to give you tickets. Bring your wife, be my guests. Hes still one of my biggest fans, comes to a lot of shows. So Im going backstage, and I want to tell my colleagues about the guy in the front row. Im so proud, I want to tell them how cool he was… And again, my generations slang, I said, Did you see that bastard in the front row? And my colleague was like, Yeah, that was my father. After that… After that, cabaret was like ciao. Monika, cabaret ciao means… Kids nowadays use the word ciao for something that is over, you know? They say, like, Blah, blah, ciao. For instance… You are Yannis girlfriend, right, hun? Oh, wife even? So if in two years time… you dont want him anymore, you say, Yannis, ciao. Did you get that, Monika? Yeah. Kids create a lot of new words nowadays. I cant even keep up. A new use of language has developed in the urban area, in pop culture. They dont use articles anymore. They say stuff like, Listen, Im going shop. This doesnt mean they dont know how its supposed to be. Its just cool not to use them anymore. Theres no need to correct them and say, Sorry, its ‘to the shop. They do it on purpose. Seriously, I have a younger cousin, he is about 18. When he speaks, youd think he had one single brain cell. But he is really smart, I mean it. Hes studying economics, hes tutoring students, getting the best grades. But when he talks to me, he uses new expressions all the time. Just recently… Sometimes I like to ask him about music, about what kids are listening to nowadays, about rappers… I ask him, Hey… His name is Taymas. I go, Taymas, can you tell me whats so great about this Kendrick Lamar? Monika, Kendrick Lamar… Let Fatih explain it to you after the show. He is… Anyway, doesnt matter. Hes some rapper who is hyped in the US. So Im asking my cousin, Why is Kendrick Lamar so famous? What is so different about him? Why is he better than other rappers? Explain it to me. And he says to me, Enissa, hes just a Pisko, dude. I go, Excuse me, what is he? He says, Hes a Pisko! I go, What is a Pisko? What… Is it something good or bad? Is he sick? What is it? And he says, No, man, hes a Pisko, like a psycho, like extreme! I go, What? Is he good extreme or bad extreme? Should we collect donations or… Seriously, how would I know? The way young people talk today… Hes a Pisko, Enissa. Then I go, Come on, Taymas, please. Just explain it to me. Id like to know, because everyone says… Explain it. He goes, I cant, hes a Pisko! Then I get upset, I say, Taymas, listen, there are authors… Hemingway for instance. He was known for describing things with such detail and so beautifully that even without ever having seen or heard of it, you could somehow visualize it. I dont know, the taste of a fruit, for instance. Beautifully described. Something like, ‘a pear is sandy on your tongue, or something similar. Explain it to me like that. Hes like, I cant, Im not Hemingway. I go, Im aware of that, but… But it would be nice if you tried. So he started to… And this is the truth. I didnt write this, it really happened. My cousin said to me, Enissa, listen. Lyrically, he is on a level like no rapper ever before him, and at the same time he manages to convey socio-critical topics in his raps, while also being completely self-reflective, and… I swear, he performed a monologue. I was… Seriously, I was so flabbergasted that he could express himself like that. I stood before him, I was like, Oh, why didnt you say so? Hes a Pisko! He is… I didnt even know. You just dont know. Another thing the youths use nowadays… Fatih, too, Im sure of it. They always say… When they admire someone, like a person, a personality, they say, He is an ‘honor man. Do you know this, Fatih? Its all over my Instagram account. Im quoting some statement from Goethe, and someone writes, Goethe was an honor man. Really. Check my Instagram, Im not lying. I posted a video of Pocahontas, a Disney movie, and someone commented, Pocahontas was an honor woman. What is this honor man? I dont even know… They describe everything with it. He was an honor man. I arrived in Hamburg today, we stood at the beautiful river, Alster. I went, Damn, a total honor river. This theater is a total honor theater. I think it sucks that guys are not fighting over girls anymore. Right? Be honest. I know, the new political correctness and stuff, but sometimes I miss that. Right? When was the last time…? Honey, when was the last…? Has Yannis ever fought with someone over you? Never, am I right? Youd think he is a total pussy. Youd think… Youd think he is politically correct, but… Listen, he is well-built. Yannis is really well-built. Fatih, you dont even have to look at him like that. Follow his example. Hes eating gluten-free stuff. Just fight over a woman! Thats nice. The first and last time guys were fighting over me was in fourth grade. It was in fourth grade, I swear. Welcome to the show. It was… I had… It was in fourth grade. Two guys, Daniel and Francisco. It was total nonsense. We were just kids, it wasnt even… They said, We are fighting over Enissa. I was so happy. I walked around the whole school and told everyone, Daniel and Francisco are fighting over me… after sixth period, in the park. I told everyone. Daniel and Francisco are fighting over me. Oh, no, I dont want them to… So I gathered the whole school in the park after sixth period. You know what they did? They were there, standing face to face, and then they made up. Seriously, one of them said, Whatever… Im in love with Julia anyway. Its the same thing today. Guys have become so politically correct. They would say, No, brother, you love her more. I want Julia anyway. Are there any gays here tonight? I have a big gay fan community. Of course, yes. Whats your name, honey? -Michael. -Mi… What? -Gian. -Gian. Thats a very gay name. Welcome to the show, Gian. Gian is here. Im so happy! Its nice, I have gay fans. Anyone else? Anyone else gay? Only Gian? -What? -In the back. In the back, of course. In the… I swear… Guys… Hey! This is supposed to be a PG evening. Calm down, Hamburg. No one is going to believe me that this really happened. Hamburg, youre my witnesses. This really happened. I swear, he is a total honor gay. -Whats the gay in the back called? -Michael. Michael. Come sit with Gian. Michael and Gian. Im very happy about my gay fans. Theyre very… Do I have les…? I always have… Where are the lesbian fans? Really? Wow! So many! Not bad. Here, over there. Im very proud of the lesbians, too. Up front, two lesbians, third row. Whats your name? Its an outing. You know this special will be shown internationally, yes? So if your grandmother in Gummersbach… didnt know, well, she knows now. What are your names? May I out you internationally? Is that okay? Whats your name? No, Im not… Am I cross-eyed, dude? There are so many lesbians here. Second row is answering, third row… Yannis is thinking, Not bad, because… Im… Yannis is… Fatih is thinking… Fatih… Fatih looked over there, too. Hes like, Just you wait. One night with me and she wont be a lesbian anymore. Fatih… No. Fatih has a very pretty woman beside him. Shes very cute. Are you together? Weird, because she is really pretty, and hes, like, okay. No, he is good-looking, too. Like I said, the front row is screwed. So, what are these two lesbians called? -Come again? -Sunny. -Sunny? -Thats right. -Naddl. -Naddl? Sunny and Naddl. Yes, those are very strong lesbian names. Sunny and Naddl. Im happy, Im so proud. A very cool community supporting me here. I like it when… I really like it when… I get asked this a lot, I dont know why. If youre a woman in the public eye, people ask you, for instance, Whats important to you in a relationship? I was raised by a feminist woman. A lot of people known that… Know that. Known that. So much for correct language. A lot of people known that an honor woman raised me. A feminist, my mother. Since I was raised that way, womens rights are very important to me. But listen, I like it when a guy is slightly dominant. Slightly. If he says stuff like, If you do that… …youll be whipped? Yeah, it has to be subtle, thats important. It shouldnt be, like… For example, Ill break your legs. Thats good, right? It could be even more subtle. He calls you up, hes like, Go get life insurance. Seriously. Go Allianz. Get life insurance. I like that. We are still in the intro. I havent even started the set yet. This is supposed to be a 60-minute special. Thats really… In case you didnt get it, what I wanted to tell you with all this… is that right now, there is a special offer at Rewe… If you buy two large bottles of Head & Shoulders shampoo, you get a small one for free. Whats going on with Rewe, dude? I dont know if Im even allowed to say that. I love them. I go shopping there, all right? I stand there in the line, reading my Bild newspaper. But… Theres a new Rewe store opening up every ten feet. As I was raised by revolutionary parents, this is still a big part of me. I have a little revolutionary in me. I want to change the world. I want to have more justice, Im trying… I do a lot of charity work. But again, typically German, youre not supposed to talk about it. You know? Germans love understatement. Youre supposed to do good, but dont… Why? I want to brag about it. Let me… I want to write on my Facebook page, I did a good deed today. But its really like that. When you travel a little… I help charity organizations, and I realize that a lot of people help. The world has become so small. Its not just famous people. Everyone, whether rich or poor, doesnt matter. People are helping, but nevertheless, unfortunately, every eight minutes, a child dies because of a lack of water supply. Its bullshit! And on this side of the Earth, a Rewe opens up every ten feet. Every ten feet! You walk along, boom, another Rewe. Whats going on here? How many more…? Boom, Rewe. When I get back home to Cologne today, a Rewe will be in my living room. Somebody will be placing yogurt on my bookshelves. Whats wrong with them? But I admit, were all like this. Even the best of us. Even people I consider idols in terms of how dedicated they are, what they do for this world. But in the end… Listen, heres an example. Id been driving an ancient, rusty Audi for a long time. I had it from my student days. Then everything went so fast. Four years ago, Im not kidding, I was still a law student, but I only enrolled because of the student metro ticket. I was the kind of person who went shopping and paid with eight different cards. Excuse me, could you charge three euros on this card and two on this one? And I still have 800 reward points, could you cash them…? Like that. Can I buy a yogurt with these reward points? Anyway… An honor yogurt. Anyway… No, but… Thats the kind of person I was. And then it all happened so fast, and Im so happy. Im glad that I can pass this on to young girls. Im so happy because… I wanted to… There are brilliant female comedians in Germany, but there werent any whom I could identify with. Where I could say that shes my type of woman, that shes like me in terms of style and the type of woman I am. Since I do this, Im happy to get messages from young girls who say, Hey, Enissa, I want to do the same. It makes me really proud. But I noticed that it kind of changed my view of the world. These past four years… I try to stay the same Enissa, and Im happy to say that I still am. People write me, Its cool that youve stayed the same. That you still comment on and update your site yourself. Thats me. I like answering people. But… I was driving this ancient, rusty Audi, and everyone asked, Why do you still drive that? Its got 10,000 miles on it, dents in the front and in the back. And Im like, No, thats the last piece of the old me. But then I also have this other side. So I got myself the biggest pimp car that Mercedes had to offer. Seriously. An AMG GT S. Yeah, man. Complete with the whole pimp package. Its got everything. Yeah. Seriously. I know its bad for the environment, but I always rub the outside with olive oil, right? It all happened so fast, in the blink of an eye. I had three gigs on open stages in cafés. They have open stages in every major city. Hamburg, too, its great. You just go there and sign up, like, Hey, I wrote a text Id like to perform. I did that in the summer of 2013, not so long ago. I was still a student. There were 18 people eating their salads. Nobody was paying attention. I think this guy was there on that day, am I right? Whats your name, dear? -Daniel. -Daniel. Stalker. Anyway, Daniel… Shit. Daniel was there, Im sure. Daniel is an honor fan. Daniel was there. So I performed there and sent it to comedy shows that I knew from TV. I sent it to a bunch of them. A few actually answered and said, Hey, we like your performance. Do you have more? I said, No. But they still invited me, and it went so fast. Before my first performance on TV, I created a Facebook page on the fly. I had no idea how this would work, being on TV and everything, millions of people watching me. My site immediately had 500 followers, all my cousins from Iran. So I performed there… It was taped in the afternoon and broadcast in the evening. After the show, I went home, sat on the couch and watched it myself. And I was so… After the show, all of a sudden I had 3000 followers. That was so surreal for me. I had 800 messages in my Facebook inbox. It was so much. I was just so overwhelmed that I couldnt sleep for two nights, I was so nervous. I answered each and every message. People were writing, for instance, Nice performance. And I sent them back texts this long. Seriously. I was like, You know, I came here with my family from Iran, then this happened and that happened… I wrote so much, people started to block me, you know? They were like, All right, all right! We just wanted to say it was nice. I went, No, why cant we be friends? Nowadays… Nowadays, people think a lot of things… To be honest, I thought that as well. From a certain point on, you imagine that famous people… You think that they live very glamorous lives. I was kind of looking forward to that, to be honest. I thought… I thought it would be… Germans in general… Listen, I have to clarify this, because there are always people going huh? right away. First of all, I myself am German. I definitely consider myself German. Im German and Iranian, sure. I love both countries, they are both close to my heart. But Germany is clearly my home. I mean, Ive seen Iran three times for two weeks at a time, you know? Yannis has been to Iran more often than me. So its a little… But I love Iran. Im fluent in both languages. But the thing is… Its so sweet, when Im abroad performing my stand-up in English… I think its sweet. When people ask what I am, I say, Im German. Immediately, its a reflex. I dont say, Im from Germany, I say, Im German. I found it so cool that my comedy peers abroad just said, The German girl. When performing at the Laugh Factory in Hollywood, I was introduced as the German girl. Nobody questioned it. Nobody said, She doesnt really look German. I was just the German. And Im very proud of that, but on stage, of course I sometimes say things that are a little problematic with my Iranian background. Like when I say the Germans. By that I mean, which should be obvious, my German friends who dont have an immigrant background. They are still out there somewhere, nobody is perfect. Wait, stop! Guys… Thats so sweet. I love it. Thank you. The Germans applaud self-ironically, thank you, while the immigrants are like, Are we allowed to laugh about that? No idea. Lets ask Fatih. You should be self-ironic. Anyway, on stage, I often say words like Kanake. Difficult terms. I have friends with immigrant backgrounds who would be totally offended if someone called them Kanake, regardless of who said it. I think its a term that has become more common in urban areas, kind of. Its become part of popular culture. You can use the term Kanake, but its a little bit like the N-word in the US. So if youre gonna use it, you can only do so if youre part of that particular group. If I used the N-word in the US, everyone would freak out. And rightly so. Theyd say, What are you thinking? Its offensive. In Germany, its… Like I said, I have a very diverse audience. When I do a live show in Germany, I say Kanake a lot, casually. And after one show, an older, very pretty German lady approached me and said, Miss Amani, that was a great show. You are a very sweet Kanake. And I thought, Fuck, dude! And I get a little scared, because I think its my fault. Ive said it so often that this woman thinks its totally cool to say that. She might approach someone tomorrow, like, Dear Mr. Kanake… You have to be a little careful with these terms. You just have to relax. And of course there is… Listen, when you are between two cultures, we ethno-comedians, or whatever the hell they call us… Honor comedian. I dont know, but of course its in you, so its a big topic for me. I, for one, am very German in a few ways. For example, I love German engineering. Now that I can afford it, I only drive German cars. Used to be Vietnamese bikes… now its German cars. I like em. But honestly, no kidding, I only trust German engineering. Solely and exclusively. Im a little scared of elevators, I dont like to ride them. America, France, England, I dont give a shit where I am, I only use elevators that are German TÜV approved. Only then. I would never… I dont care which… Its the only TÜV that I trust. I know that a German had to fill out 17 forms for it, right? Before he even decided on which screwdriver to use, you know? I love that correctness. This German… Not the Iranians! I would never, ever… I love Iranians for other things. I love Iranians. Very intellectual people, very… blah, blah, Macedonians… Anyway, I love them, for sure. But I would never set foot in an Iranian elevator. Never! Because I know that Iranians… My own family, my father was like, Well just take some tape and… This tape is no problem. Someone goes, But its dangerous, it could crash. Thats no problem. We have a population crisis anyway. A few can die… I called my dad, proudly, I said, Dad, Im the first woman to get a Netflix Original special. My dad went, Who is this Ned Felix? I dont want you to talk to this Ned Felix. What is his ideology? You think Im shitting you, right? My dad wouldnt care at all if I told him I had a boyfriend… Id like to… I dont know, if its about a man and I ask my dad, hed never… He wouldnt care how much he makes or what his profession was. My father, with his ideology as a socialist, hed only ask, What are his political views? Seriously. Dad would go, Does he believe in justice in our world? What is he doing…? I mean it. He wouldnt give a damn. For him, it would be a negative thing if I said, He is very successful. Hed go, Why? He must be taking advantage of people. When I told him about Netflix, he said, An American company? No. I dont want it. I dont care who this Felix is. I dont want it. Really. I went, Dad, they offered so much money. He was like, Okay, I want it. I want it. Gladly. Invite him to dinner. Felix… Felix should come to dinner tomorrow. Hes still waiting. Yannis, do you want to come to our house and play Felix? My dad still thinks its a guy. My life has… Listen, this… A few things have changed, and I think… I hate arrogance. Its the most revolting thing in the world when a person is arrogant. Or a company, a label… Brands can also be arrogant. They think theyre better than you. But I like a healthy bit of swank. You know wha…? Especially if you used to have nothing. You know? Anyone who had… Understatement is for people who were raised with a silver spoon, old money and stuff. But people like me, with new money, who didnt have anything, I want a little swank. You know, I want… But you have to be cool about it. But still, as a comedian, its not always easy. Look, I fly… I fly a lot. Sometimes I fly four, five times a week, domestic flights in Germany. I know, its not good for the environment, but I always order olive oil onboard. Anyway, I imagined this to be… Youd expect it to be really glamorous. Right? Youd think, Wow, Im sure its totally… Thats what I thought, too. That I would only be booked on Lufthansa flights, and that Id be sitting in that Senator Lounge. When youre a comedian… Honestly, I fly with the shittiest budget airlines. The worst imaginable! I fly with airlines that are… And I dont mean, like… I dont know what youre thinking of, like Air Berlin or Germanwings. That would be great. No. I fly with airlines that… were founded, like, yesterday. That kind. Like Fatih decided to found an airline after watching a YouTube tutorial. The Constitutional Protection Agency is after him! But still good enough for Enissa, you know? I sit in airlines with names like WOW air. What is this WOW? Who comes up with a name like that? What does WOW stand for? Maybe, Wow, we might land airlines. Do you know…? Recently I flew with Wizz Air. Wizz like wizard, right? You dont want to fly with an airline thats got anything to do with magic. What is this? I looked out of the window, the thing didnt even have jet engines. It only had two of these rickety things, you know? Nothing! With those airlines, the stewardesses dont even say, Please fasten your seat belts, or Switch your phones to airplane mode. They say, Write a WhatsApp message, its gonna be your last. Im serious, I fly with those kinds of airlines. And I love flying. I dont know why, but I love it. One day when I can afford it, I want to get my pilots license, a PPL. I would love to fly. I know, the Constitutional Protection Agency is after me, too, now. But Id really like to fly. But the thing is… Look. I always take a window seat, no matter if its day or night. I love it when youre over the clouds. Here in Germany, its often drab. And then you get over the clouds, and you see the sun, and I have… Seriously. On these domestic flights in Germany, you often have businessmen who read their papers, or work on their laptops. Im the only one… I always have a window seat, and my nose is always pressed against the window like this. Really. And sometimes, I know it sounds cheesy, but sometimes I cry because I find it so beautiful. And the people think Im… And behind me is a… You know that little space between the seat and the window? Sometimes a businessman behind me looks at me like that, then looks out the window, then back at me, and goes, Is she retarded? Dude, whats wrong with her? Speaking of this word, be relaxed, people. I had a gig once, and these terms… Some people go, Yeah, thats not… I did a show in Cologne… I dont like it when people are mindlessly provocative. I think its important… You have a responsibility as a comedian. You cant tell people, Say what you like! Call people that, people of a certain skin color… You cant do that, thats just… But still, a certain relaxed manner… So I had a gig in Cologne, and I really dished it out that night. To Germans, Iranians, to myself, to gays. There was a table full of gays, and they yelled, Another gay joke, Enissa, another one! On the other side, a table full of Muslim guys, they were like… God, I love this moment. Look, all the Kanakes laughed, and all the Germans are confused. Its so cute. The Germans are like, Astarfurghillah? Look how sweet they look. Tim, do you know what that means? Is that a gorilla? What does she mean? You better ask Fatih. Its irrelevant to the story. It encourages communication. After the show, you can all ask Fatih what it means. Its irrelevant to this story. I was just saying, I did a gig and dished it out in every direction. There was a lady on the right… I mentioned earlier that we often have people with disabilities. There was a lady in a wheelchair on the right, on her own. I didnt want to make disability jokes. I thought it was moronic. Why would I make wheelchair jokes, because the poor lady was sitting there alone… Why are you even laughing? Ha-ha, shes disabled. Anyway… One lady in a wheelchair. She was laughing, but as the show went on, she grew more and more serious. And I was watching her, I thought, Okay, whats wrong? I want her to have fun. Whats going on? She came to the signing session after the show, and I asked her, Hi, whats your name? She went, Sandra. I said, Dear Sandra, what happened? I saw you getting more and more serious. Did you not enjoy the show? What was it? Shes sitting in a wheelchair before me, she goes, To be honest, I found your show a little retarded. Youre laughing, but I was really shocked. But I thought it was really cool. I was like, Wow, she used that word so casually! That was great, but I didnt know how to react. So I went, What exactly do you mean? What…? I mean, what…? You, as an honor handicapped, what was…? What do you mean? Im telling you, this is true. It was so cute. She said, You know, I liked it that you had a message, and that you dished it out in every direction, to blah, gays, Germans, Iranians… To everyone. But I was the only woman in a wheelchair, and you didnt make a single disability joke, so I felt left out. Really, that happened. She said to me, I felt left out. I was like, All right! No disability jokes… Okay, stand up, Ill tell you one. Okay? Because she… A relaxed manner. So these airlines… I told you I love flying, and in those airlines… Everything I love about flying is not present in those airlines. For instance, I like that stewardesses, or stewards, for the gay audience… That stewardesses speak so many languages. I find that really impressive. At Lufthansa, I think they have to speak two or three languages. Emirates is even more badass, they have to be at least quadrilingual. Fatih, that means speaking four languages. Look how Im playing to clichés and everyones loving it. You have no idea! You dont know… That was a dumb cliché joke. Fatih, dear, what did you study? Please say… What did you study? Nothing, bro? Lie! Why dont you lie? I dropped out, too! Just say anything! No? What do you do for a living? But look, thats also a Kana… Its so cute. Listen. Theres no way he isnt doing anything, right? Listen, dont get mixed up, its a mentality thing. If you ask a German… Thats what I like about them. Germans give you a correct, straightforward answer, no matter… An honest answer in more detail than you asked for. Ask them about their profession. So cute, theyre gonna say, Well, Im an apprentice, going on to be a gas station attendant for the Shell company, and Im in my third year of training. Sweet, right? Typically German. A Kanake, never, ever. You ask a Kanake, What do you do? he says, What do you need? You recognize that? I just asked what you do… Yeah, what do you need? I can get you anything. You know someone like that? I know someone who knows someone who knows someone who can get it. When I started making money, the first thing I wanted to buy was a horse. Some girls at elementary school had a horse, and I had this complex, like, Man, I want a horse, too, so I can groom it and stuff. I dont know, I knew you could comb… Whatever. An honor horse. Anyway, I wanted to buy an honor horse, so I googled it and saw that they are really expensive. It starts at 5000 euros. So I asked a Kanake friend of mine, Hey, Id like to buy a horse… Hes like, I can get it. I went, Are you sure? The cheapest is like 5000 euros. Ill get it for 500. I was like, Really?, he said yeah, so I gave him 500. The next day, he came back with a donkey. Here, a little horse. Germans… Ive said many things I like about them, but they also piss me off, I swear. Right? Its both. There are things I love and things I hate about Iranians. There are things… Except Macedonians, I love everything about them. But there are things that… Look, Germans with their… Thats just how it is, Yannis. You know? They are so… I think its cute, actually, but they love their rules. Wow, yeah, Germans love rules. They love them! Listen, try this. Germans are a little like German bus schedules. You think Im talking nonsense. In the whole wide world, its only on German bus schedules where there are times like… The bus arrives at 2:08 p.m. 2:08 p.m.? Hang on, I talked about that in Iran… and my cousins laughed so hard… They laughed so hard, they… I get why. In Iran, the bus arrives when it feels like it. Its like, Maybe I come today, or maybe not. Im against bus driving, anyway. It doesnt fit my ideology. Germans… No, really, my cousins laughed so hard, that at some point, I was offended. The German in me was offended. I was like, Why are they even laughing? Its a good thing that… But I have to say, the funny thing isnt that the bus schedule says 2:08 p.m. The funny thing is that at 2:07 p.m., it comes around the corner… and at 2:08 p.m., it really is there. And we all get mad if it arrives at 2:09 p.m. Because… Because well… Because then well miss our train… which arrives at 2:23 p.m. We need to adapt to the system. This straightfor… This is also something thats just very typical of Germany. I know some people are sitting here and are smiling at me pleasantly, but they feel kind of busted. Only in Germany can you stand next to a completely empty street… Completely empty, nothing. For example, a farm lane. Doesnt matter. Someplace where theres nothing and nobody for miles and miles. Look miles ahead in both directions… You can look light-years into the future and light-years into the past. No cars, nothing. But one red light… Hang on. Not even a child. That I would understand. A child stands there, its supposed to learn, you cross, they follow… No, thats not cool. But lets say youre alone, or only with a couple of grown-ups. And you can see for miles. What happens? I swear, it happened to me. I was alone. I crossed against the red light. What happened? Out of nowhere, a German pops up! Out of nowhere! He came out of the ground like a carrot. You know? Suddenly, like… Boom! Theres a German. And what does he do? He screams, Its a red light! Ill tell you what I honestly think. I want to openly admit it. Im in the street, and no matter who screamed, German or not, I dont care. Im in the street, and Im thinking, Please die. Please croak. Dear God, please let him be struck by lightning right now! An honor lightning bolt. Because… Look, I dont get it. Im a grown woman. There are no cars, nothing. Even if there was one, its not a highway. I can assess its speed, Im not a Macedonian. I can see if… Not Germans. Seriously. Not Germans. One of my best friends, Julia… Weve been friends since I was little. If Julia has to break a rule, she cant do it. She gets diarrhea. You know? She cant… She just cant. I say, Julia, come on, lets go. Shes like, But its a red light, Enissa! I go, But there are no cars! But its a red light! Shes adorable. You cant assess their speed. Im like, Theres nothing to assess. It drives me crazy. Anyway, those budget airlines… I hate those. I love it when stewardesses speak several languages. Thats what I call a clean segue. Im so good! I love it when stewardesses… I see a weird camera too close for comfort. Did you put a filter on it? Is there a filter on it? Thank you. Ive… Those budget airlines… I love it when stewardesses switch between languages. When they speak different languages and switch easily between them. I love it. Youre just staring. She speaks one language, then another. Not with… The airlines I travel with, theres usually a gorgeous Ukrainian stewardess… who can barely speak Ukrainian. And the funny thing is, she tries to sell me stuff in English. You know how those airlines are. You get no water, no food. You dont get anything. You can starve or die of thirst. Nothing. But they are trying to sell you stuff. Perfume, for instance. You know those perfumes that not even perfume shops can get rid of? Like Davidoff Cool Water. Which smells nice, right? I liked it, too. When I was 24… Or Jil Sander Sun. She knows it, shes wearing it. Anyway, its… It smells nice, too! But theyve been around for a million years. And thats what the stewardess tries to sell me on this plane where Im about to die of thirst. The stewardess says stuff on the intercom like… And Im sitting there thinking, What kind of spee-cial offer? Whats her spee-cial offer? You know what her spee-cial…? I get really curious and I want to know. Her spee-cial offer is something like, Paco by Paco Rabanne… And Im thinking, What 29.99? Im sitting on a flight for 4.99 euros from Cologne to Berlin, and if I had 29.99, Id be flying with Lufthansa. What 29.99 do you want? But everything… Wait, hang on! Wait. Everything… Everything is a spee-cial offer, everything. Like I said, you dont get food or drinks, but you can buy them. She comes to your seat and asks, Are you hungry? And then, We have a spee-cial offer… And then she says, Our chhhef… Meaning our chef. She wants to tell me theres a chef de cuisine. Shes trying to convince me they have an actual chef back there. Seriously. She says, Our chef is making chicken marsala. I go, What chef are you talking about? Theres some guy called Dmitri back there… whos pulling the foil off some thingies… and thats what shes trying to sell me as our chef. Theres a Dmitri in the audience whos really offended now. I hate this bitch! All right, Ill skip that bit. Anyway… Everything is a spee-cial offer. But still, on those flights there are… This is the ridiculous part. Because, actually, its great that its so cheap. You can fly for cheap. Okay, its bad for the environment, but who gives a shit? And then youre on this flight, and there are arrogant people there. You know? Theres a guy on this flight who asks that poor, swamped stewardess something like, What kind of vodkas…? Are you serious, man? You think that woman has different kinds of vodka, that she can give you some expensive…? I dont know, Crystal, Grey Goose or whatever theyre called. The poor stewardess is totally overwhelmed and goes, Moskovskaya? And spee-cial offer Gorbatschow? And these… I told you before, not only are people arrogant, brands are, too. Whats the saying? Small dogs bark the loudest? These airlines are often so arrogant in their demeanor and in terms of what they offer. They offer their passengers various classes and upgrades. You can have different memberships and stuff. You know what I mean, like Gold member… Thats how they call their passengers to the gate. Youre at the gate, and shes like, Now our Premium Platinum Golden members… What is that? Nobody stands up. No one! Nobody wants that! Because I have to fly with them so often, I am a Premium Platinum fucking Golden member by now. Id never stand up! I dont want to be the first one on that plane and die from a gas leak in there. I dont want that! Im hoping, and I remain seated until the very end. But nobody stands up. She goes, Now our Silver members, now our this or that members… And then she says, Now our disabled members… Their handicapped passengers! And I was thinking… Handicapped. And I was like… I was so shocked. Whats that supposed to mean? What ‘disabled members? I thought, Maybe she just means that passengers with a disability should board first so they can be seated and can put away their luggage easily. Makes sense, right? But then she says, Now our Premium disabled members… I thought, What is ‘Premium handicapped, dude? What on earth is that? But then a woman rolled past me in a wheelchair, a lowered wheelchair, chrome rims… Not kidding. Like, all over. Louis Vuitton all over. And, looking at me condescendingly, she went, Im Premium disabled. I went, Yeah, I can tell. You know how these airlines make money? It doesnt do any good to fly with them. Why? You paid a small amount for the flight, but you land at some random airport that has nothing to do with the city thats actually your destination! You know those airports specifically built for such budget airlines? Theyre located, like, 5000 km away from the city they were named after. It makes absolutely no sense. Take Frankfurt, for example. For Frankfurt am Main, there is Frankfurt-Hahn. Frankfurt-Hahn feels like its located 7000 km outside of Frankfurt. Its closer to Vietnam than it is to Frankfurt. How could I possibly benefit from landing there? Same thing in Düsseldorf. They have an airport called Weeze. Düsseldorf Weeze is in the middle of nowhere, there is nothing. Its in the middle of a forest. There are, like, three pedophiles and me. Thats where I land. How am I supposed to get home from there? No one is picking you up, there are no buses, no trains, nothing. I asked this Premium disabled lady if I could roll with her. I want to get home, man! Everything is a spee-cial offer on that flight. These flights… I told you I like flying. You know what else I like? Gateways. Gateways are these things, these… I like them. These tubes… They have their own little cart, and sometimes you see them rolling up like some cartoon. They dock onto the plane, and you can walk straight from the plane to the concourse. I like it, its so elegant. You know? You have your headphones on and walk from the plane to the concourse. Not on the airlines I fly with! No, there you have to change buses three times, change trains four times, then you have to canoe, dude… Then you end up on a runway. You dont know where youre supposed to walk. Though, in Germany, its organized. Theres always a German who shows you exactly where on the runway… You shouldnt wander around on the runway, especially if youre Iranian. Its like, Please walk that way. This whole Germans and Kanakes thing, Id like to say something in conclusion. I explained it earlier, like, with an immigration background or… Complete bullshit. It depends on your attitude. What are you more of? Are you a little bit of a Kanake, of a German, a bit of both? I have both in me. You see it in the things that people do. Would you cross against a red light if there are no cars around or not? Both things are all right, okay? But… I have a great example. My manager is Iranian. Hes my tour manager. He drives me from one place to another. Hes a proper Iranian, with a complicated Iranian first and last name. But Im telling you, he is the most German German on this planet. Why? Because he goes fishing, dude. Who goes fishing?! He loves fishing, seriously. There are things… A Kanake would never do that! And hes so cute, he gets so proud. You have to imagine, he drives me from place to place, and then he tells me, Enissa, yesterday, I caught a zander. And Im like, Why, man? You can buy one thats already dead at Rewe. Hes so cute, so I tease him, I go, Surely you do other typical stuff as well, right? Like, you strap… He has an adorable family. You guys strap your bikes to the roof of your car, and then you drive somewhere to go biking. And hes like, Sure we do. Another typically German thing: hiking. To drive somewhere in your car to go hiking. Who does that? All right. Ciao, Hamburg. Thank you. See you! Thanks, Hamburg! You were great! Thank you very much, everyone!

JOHN LEGUIZAMO@LATIN HISTORY FOR MORONS@2018@There are people out there trying to rewrite our history. These are a dangerous people. Theyll say anything to be legitimized. Someday, some little Latina with a big mouth is gonna read a few books and convince themselves they contributed to our country. Now pray that those falsehoods dont seep into the fabric of this fine nation. Because if they do, God help us all. [man] Stand up, ladies and gentlemen. John Leguizamo! [cheering and applause] ? Sister ? No, no, no, no, settle down. Settle down. No, no, settle down. Settle down. We got a lot of work to do here tonight, and I got very little time to do it cause I gotta undo your whole education… and the entire way you think, and its not gonna be easy cause that shits in there deep. The only reason Im telling you this is because about a year ago, my life was going so goddamn great. I was on tour all summer, and I come home, and, uh… I get to my sons room, and I hear the bed going… [makes creaking sounds] Buddy, Im coming in. Im opening the door. [imitates hinges creaking] And there he is, just jumping on the bed, playing some Western video game, going, Yippee-ay-yay-ki-ay. Shoot those red bastards. Shoot those savages. Pow, pow. And Im like, Whoa, Buddy. You cant say that, man. But why not, Dad? ‘Cause, honey, were those red bastards. We Latin people are mostly Indian, man. No, Dad, no. Youre the red bastard and the beaner, not me. Thats why I dont let you pick me up from school anymore. So then I find out that my son is being bullied at school by one of his eighth-grade classmates. It starts in the schoolyard when theyre playing cops and robbers, and the little punk says to my son, You beaners cant be cops – I oughta know. I come from a long line of captains and generals from the Civil War – so you better start running away so I can shoot you in the back, beaner. Pow, pow. So, that little shit… had the cojones to call my son a beaner. Now, this wasnt supposed to happen to us because he goes to a very fancy private school, and Ive worked hard to be respectable. [chuckling] Fuck you. [raucous laughter] So, yo, how is it that my son is going through the same racial rite of passages I did? So I go to my wife for advice, and my wife is Jewish, so shes very intolerant of intolerance. So she makes me go talk to the little shits dad, so now I have to accidentally on purpose bump into him at drop-off. Excuse me, Mr. Jackson. I didnt see you standing there. Hey, look, while I have you, um… your kid called my son a name. If hes gonna call my son names, he should at least call him by his proper slur cause beaners are for Mexicans. My sons actually a spic-greaseball-hebe-kike, okay? The little shits dad turns to me, John, Im terribly sorry. I had no idea my boy had called your son a beaner. But, hey, at least he didnt call him a wetback, right, John? [chuckles] What, John? What? Im not a racist, John. John, my family donates to the diversity program every year, John. I come from a long, long line of philanthropreneurs. Oh, yeah? I come from a long line, too. A long line of people who, um– You know, yo, diversity? Yo, how you sound, man? You know me, huh? You know me? Huh? [applause] Oh, fuck, man. Fuck, man, I lost my shit. I didnt even have a good goddamn comeback. And, yo, Im from the fucking ‘hood, baby. But not my son, no. My son is one of those super-super-sweet shy kids with an IQ seven points short of genius. Hes the first one they ask for homework and the last one they ask to the dance. And thats why I felt extra-guilty I didnt have a comeback to defend my son. But how could I, man? I didnt have heros like captains or generals, growing up, from the Civil War. No Latin ones, anyway. And where should I have learned that shit? Holla, New York City public-school system. So, yo, in order to help my son… I realized that I was gonna have to get to the root of my problem – feeling like a second-class citizen, so… I started flashing back through my life, to my child– back in time. ? Tear the roof off ? ? Were gonna tear the roof off the mother, sucker ? ? Tear the roof off the sucker ? And boom – I hit the 70s. There I am coming home from school early one day, and theres my mom masturbating in the tub. Oh, God! Too far back! Please play forward! [dance music plays] And boom – I hit the 80s. Whoo! So much better. You dont even know. There I am in my junior high school – IS 145. [bell rings] And, yo, we were 55 feral latchkey kids per class. It was like Lord of the Flies, but with a lot less adult supervision. And my history teacher, Mr. Flynn… was a mean, sadistic son of a bitch. And he had a rear-view mirror on the blackboard. [laughter] And, yo, he needed that shit. ‘Cause when he was writing with his back to us, hed be like, All right, Legizmo. All right, I see you standing there. Sit down before I staple your ass to the chair. Whatd you have for breakfast, your Colombian moms illegal powdered cereal? All right, shut up, class. Open up your history textbooks to a chapter you will become familiar with in life – chapter 11. All right, shut up, class. Now, class, what did the Greeks contribute to the world besides feta cheese? And, yo, my boy Crazy Legs was like, Yo, they invented anal. No, Mr. Hernandez. That was your mother. Now sit down and shut up. And, yo, the whole class was like, You, man, but not me. I was like, Ooh. Ooh. Ooh, ooh. Oh. Ooh. All right, Legizmo, before you crap your pants. Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, Mr. Flynn. Mr. Flynn, what I really, really wanted to ax you, just wanna ax you why you always talk-ed about everybody elses contributions to America but my peoples? ‘Cause, yo, my Uncle Sanny says that this whole thing about us being discovered-ed by this nigga Columbo… Its, like, bullshit, yo. ‘Cause we was conquested-ed, man. ‘Cause, yo, thats like me discovering your wallet in your back pocket and now its mine, right? Right? [impish laugh] Mr. Legizmo, you wanna know what these people have contributed to this country? Drugs and violence. Now sit your ignorant ass down. Yo, Mr. Flynn, why you gotta do me like that? You know me, huh? You know me? Huh? You know me? I wasnt very good at comebacks back then. I dont know about yall… but I always felt my whole life, my history was being kept from me. History textbooks, movies, television, everywhere. Just like my mom was always keeping my fathers history from us ever since he abandoned our asses. My mother was always like, Mijo, I never wanted to bad-mouth your father. No, because it would ruin the moment when you figure it out all by yourself. So, all I knew about my history was what my Puerto Rican Uncle Sanny, who was deaf, would teach me, cause he was our expert on everything cause he was always watching PBS, way too fucking loud… and hed always be like, Mijo, dont say that, pendejo. You have to know about yourself because, bebito, we had pyramids and calendars. And my great-great grandmother… was a Indian princess. [imitates Indian war cry] But, Uncle Sanny, my teacher dont give a carajo! Jesus… mijo. Get… your shit together. Because Latin man… has to work twice as hard… to get half as far. Now, it wasnt… it wasnt exactly a wealth of information. It was enough to get me in trouble at school, thats for sure. Luckily for me, my uncle did teach me about our Latin time line, which I wanna share with you, and that is Mayans at 1000 B.C., and then we have now. What is it, the age of Pitbull, right? [singing, indistinct] ? Get it, dont stop… ? [gibberish] But, yo, what happened in the 3,000 years between our great indigenous civilizations and us? How did we become so goddamn nonexistent? Because if you dont see yourself represented outside of yourself, you just feel fucking invisible. So, yo, I had good reason to panic because as the great 20th-century Spanish philosopher Santana once said – oh, no, not Carlos – George – who said, Those who cannot remember their past are doomed to repeat it. Cono. [laughter] So, yo, ever since my son got bulli– Yo, yo, yo, I put a fatwa on that bully, and I went on a intellectual jihad. So now Im a self-professed ghetto scholar, holla. Coo-coo. So, people, tonights lesson is… Latin History For Fucking Morons. And thats you. Im sorry, but its true, okay? Tonight, Im only gonna be talking about our founding forefathers and our empires, the kind of shit that they keep out of our history textbooks. So pay attention cause youre gonna be quizzed. Aight? Aight. So lets start by looking at Latin DNA. Now, Ive done a lot of research to find out that we Latin people are all at least 40% Indian. And by Indian, I mean… [Native American Indian chant] [Indian accent] Not, Please to be taking down your pants… so I can be examining your rectum. We are also 25% black. Thats right, baby. After the conquistadors enslaved all the Indians, and they died off, they imported black people to fill in they vacancies. So we are definitely blackified. Shit, I bet you are, too. I bet you I could prove it. Come on. ? I said a-clap your hands now ? ? I said a-stomp your feet ? ? I said a-clap your hands now ? ? I said a-oh-ah, ah-chi-ca ? ? I said a-oh-ah, ah-chi-ca ? ? I said a-oh-ah, ah-chi-ca ? ? I said a-ooh-ah– ? Okay, maybe not so much. Were also 25% white, 25% Jewish, 25% Lebanese and 40% I dont know what the fuck. For a grand total of 180%. And that is us Latino people. And trust me, I know its confusing, I know its confusing… because we Latin people are a bastardly people, and the reason were such bastards is because those white European conquistadors came here in the 1500s without women. And these horny son of a bitches were sexing up all our fine native honies, and these conquistador would be like, Gonzalo, psst. Gonzalo. I never thought I was going to say this, but can you fuck too much? ‘Cause I think Im sick of fucking. I dont think I ever wanna fuck again. Ive reached the fucking end. These conquistadors were like NBA players at a Kardashian pool party. So thats how we Latin people became their bastard offspring. Now Im-a be Bob Ross. Remember that cool white guy with the ‘fro? Eighth grade on cable TV? I love me that dude. Let the lines breathe, let the lines do what theyre gonna do here. The Great Lakes arrived. Theres about five of them. I didnt do the research. New York Citys like a little baby penis here and there. Floridas like a rotten colon. And then Texas is like a dried-up udder. But Californias like a smelly rear end. But Mexicos like a sexy lady with a big ass. So big. I like that. I could draw that ass all day. And then South America – well, it never fits. Nobody really cares. And now for the rest of the so-called shithole countries. We have Cuba. -[cheering] -[man] Yeah. República Dominicana. And Haiti. Puerto Rico. [raucous cheer] Wepa. Then all these little islands here like little mojoncitos. And, yo, way back when, we were three million Taínos in the Caribbean… 33 million Incas in South America, 30 million Aztecs in Mexico, and seven million Apache, Comanche, and Navajo in the West for a grand total of… 73 million people. Until… the great… extermination. And then, yo, 95% of us vanished off the face of the fucking Earth. How manys that left? Sir, you look very intelligent. What is it? No, you werent gonna say five percent. Anybody can say five– Thats one demerit. Lets not get to three. Otherwise, youre gonna have to get out. Ushers, ojo. Ojo. Ojo. Thats 3.65 million Indians left. And, yo, this genocide really fucked me up, man. Why, John? you ask. You ask. [audience] Why, John? Thank you for asking. ‘Cause, yo, Ive always had these… anger issues, man. But now I know why. Because of some unconscious conquest resentment Ive been carrying all my life. But, yo, my resentment was not totally unjustified, because our ancestral wealth, our inheritance, our gold was stolen from us. And, yo, we had tons and tons of beautiful, sophisticated, museum-type treasures until they came here– Okay, time-out. Historic footnote time, people. Why is all our art called folk art and then all of European art is called fine art, and then modern art is just our folk art gentrified? You, sir. You trying to be sneaky by yessing me? Hes a yesman. Thats two demerits. You better shape up. Otherwise… I dont have to stay late and tutor your ass. Now, for the rest of yall, cause I like yall… when these conquistadors – [speaks Spanish] came here, they melted all our golden masterpieces into coins. Yo, thats like going into the museum in Florence and seeing the statue of David and going, Larry, look at that statue. It would make a lovely marble kitchen counter. Because this King Philip of Spain stole 500,000 tons of gold from us, and twice as much silver, by dismissing us as pagan savages. Yeah, I got your savage right here, buddy. And this King Philip of Spain… [laughter] No, this King Philip of– No, Im– This K– People, Im up here. Up here. So, yo… This King Philip of Spain was always shitting on us, man. Always trying to prove we werent human and didnt have souls so they could keep robbing us through the centuries. And he was always… [speaks Spanish] You bring me 500 of these savages, and Im going to put them in my royal zoo, and you will see that theyre soulless animals. Who would have thought that colonization could be so much fun? ? Oh, robbing, raping, pillaging, robbing, raping, raping ? ? Pillaging, robbing, robbing, rape ? ? Raping, raping, rape ? Put us in cages. Thank God thats not happening to us anymore, huh? Hey, yo, I-I-I… This was the biggest theft in all of history. I want my reparations, motherfuckers. Because our gold not only funded the Spanish Empire, but also the British, French and Ottoman Empires of the 1600s. And just as Im getting so turned on by all of my research… of course, thats when my wife comes in all fakakta… Thats Yiddish for boner-killer. John, I just got off the phone with Buddys history teacher. Look… hes falling behind. Can you talk to him? Im already overloaded helping Boo. Why cant I help Boo with her homework? Okay, John, you can help her with her trigonometry. Okay, Ill help Buddy. Thank you, John, and can you please get on it? Can you please not mess this up? Dont worry, honey. Im fucking things up as fast as I can, okay? Im kidding. No, you do you. Im cool. I got it. I got it. Go, go. So I wait for my wife to leave, and then I coach my son on my year-long project – getting even with that goddamn bully. Buddy, honey, come on. Were gonna practice. Were gonna pretend Im the bully, and I step up to you. No, you dont gotta be afraid. Were just pretending. And I say to you, ‘I come from a long line of Civil War… blah, blah, blah, whatever. You say to him, ‘It doesnt matter because we were here first, we jump-started America even before Columbus, that genocidal, pedophilic rapist. Buddy, its gonna shut the hell outta that bully, okay? All right? So we good? We good? No, Dad. We didnt even go over my history homework, Dad. All right, honey, my bad. So whats the assignment? Dad, I gotta do my project on heroes that I look up to. Dude, do it on some Latin heroes. Come on, man. Come on, its a great idea. Well talk about it later , but you got your marching orders, right? All right, so go play like a normal kid. No, man. You got this. Go play, go, go. And I thought my son was gonna crush it in class, but he goes to present on Columbus Day in front of his class, and hes all like, Um… I know weve got lots of Latin heroes. Im just working on getting their names and dates right now, but I do know for certain that Columbus was a genocidal, pedophilic rapist. So of course the bully corners my son in the boys bathroom. Hes like, Shut up. Your project sucks. Go back to your country, asswipe. Ow. Why dont you go back? ‘Cause we were here first, stupid. Oh, yeah? Prove it, dickface. Ow. I will. I just got nothing on the facts right now. Damn straight you aint got nothing cause youre the kings of nothing. Come here, King of Nothing, cause Im gonna crown your ass. Come here. What, are you gonna run? Run home and kill yourself, little bitch. So my poor little, broken man comes home, and hes all like… Dad, you just make up all this shit, Dad. Im never gonna believe you again. And he runs into his room. So… I put on my best dad hat. I go to him and I says, Buddy, honey, Im sorry but life is gonna fuck you sometimes. it just is. And youre gonna have to, I dont know, just keep changing positions until it feels good somehow. That didnt come out the way I meant it to come out. -No. What Im trying to say to you– -[door slams] Buddy, honey. Honey, what Im trying to say to you is I made sure you grew up better than me so you wouldnt have to experience this. But in the streets, you cant let nobody punk you, man, so you got my permission to sucker punch that bullys ass. -My son opens the door and hes like… -[imitates hinges creaking] But, Dad, Gandhi said… Gandhi said that if we all took an eye for eye that the whole world would just be blind, Dad. Oh, but, Buddy, honey, Gandhi couldnt think straight cause he was always hungry. -[door slams] -You see– My son. My son doesnt get it. He doesnt know how the real world works. But I do. Hell, yeah. And as my father once said, and I wrote it down because… he never said anything else to me again. I was afraid Id forget. Here, let me… Every man has to measure himself in life. And how do you measure a mans… value? By when hes tested in battle. So, yo… I was gonna go to war on my sons behalf and get him real facts on real Latin war heroes. So behind his back, I get a copy of his eighth-grade history textbook. Im looking for Latin heroes, and Im looking for Latin contributions, and Im looking from cover to cover, and there is nothing. Nada. Culo. Dick. I mean, its unbelievable, man. Not one fucking sentence, not one fucking chapter, not a goddamn mention. As if weve been absent all these fucking centuries. And, yo, I gotta fess up. That shit started to get me down. That is… until I get turned on to Howard Zinns A Peoples History of the United States. Which should be required reading for every kid in America because, yo, this book opened up the world to me, man. Because even in the first chapter, he proves that our contributions were even bigger than what I thought. Because we also gave you tomatoes, potatoes, chocolate – try living without that shit, man – hammocks, canoes, chili peppers, tobacco, anesthesia, brain surgery, and people from Jersey and Long Island? Fucking hockey. And its not like the Europeans didnt give us anything, no, cause they gave us typhus, cholera, malaria, measles, tuberculosis, black plague, the common cold, diphtheria, chicken pox, whooping cough, leprosy, and dont forget rats, roaches, and pigeons. Then after all the fucked-up shit they do to us, we gift you with some of the sexiest dances the world has ever seen. Tango. [music playing] Cumbia. iWepa! [music playing] iWepa! iWepa! Whoo. ? I like it like that ? -Cha-cha-cha. ? I said I like it like that ? ? Do it to me, give it to me ? ? I like it like ? Mambo. Huh. Huh. [mambo music playing] Samba. [whistle blows] [samba music playing] Huh. [applause and cheering] So where was I? No. Mr. Obvious, I know I was dancing. So, long before… Columb-ass… yo, we were happy-go-lucky tribes living in what was called a thousand-year peace. And I know why those Taínos were so peaceful in the Caribbean, too, cause theyd be like… ? Ding-a-ling a-ling, hear them ring ? ? Booyaka, booyaka ? ? Booyaka, booyaka ? [Jamaican accent] Hey, blood clot. Batty-boo tell me something I dont know? Hey, man. Hey, man, you ever wonder… You ever wonder… what the speed of lightning would be if it didnt… Yeah, man. [normal voice] Now, the Taínos were the gentlest people that the universe has ever seen because they would also fight their wars with wooden swords so as to not kill their enemy. Aw… Come on, thats so fucking cute. Time-out. Historic footnote time. Lets clarify some big-ass misconceptions about Columbus, okay? One – he never set foot in America. Just here. Two – he was sent by the Spanish, but he was actually I-talian. And three – when he first encounters the Taínos, he says to them in his own inimitable words, Hey, you big brown mook, come here. [speaks Italian] Yeah, you, come here. You bring us tobacco, cotton, and gold, were gonna give you, oh, were gonna give you– Hey, excuse me. Guido, what are we gonna give these mulyans? Were gonna give you these broken mirrors, and then were gonna rape you. We got grapes for you. Forget about it. Who said that? Hey, forget about it. Hey. Hey, forget about it. Columbus was the Donald Trump of the New World, yall. [cheering and applause] Even a old G like Mike Tyson wouldve been like, Say what you wanna say about me, but that motherfuckers crazy. Because Columbus basically did a home invasion, man. And on top of that, on top of that, he gave them syph-i-lis. I gotta write that shit down. Sifilis. Of course I dont know how to spell it. Only people who have had it know how to spell it. All right, extra-credit time. Extra credit for anybody here who can tell me how the Europeans got syphilis. [man bleats like a sheep] Im not gonna ask you how you knew that, sir. I dont really wanna know, but hes right – from fucking sheep. Not fucking sheep. From fucking sheep. I mean, I like lamb, too, but I know where to draw the line. But not these Europeans. Theyd be like, Oh, Fluffy. [Norwegian accent] Your eyes are so pretty. Youre so fluffy. Can I call you Fluffy? Oh, I loves you. I loves you. Say my name, say my name. Baa-aa-aa. Baa-aa-aa-aa-aa. All right, lets recap. So Columbus brings syphilis to the New World by raping nine-year-old Taíno girls, and then enslaves all the Taínos until he exterminates them. And that, my lovely morons, is called the Caribbean Holocaust. And that is the end of the Taínos and their time on Earth. Then what do we do? What do we do? We give Columbus a day to celebrate him for fucking people over. What were we thinking? Yeah, lets celebrate anybody who fucks people over. Next week, why dont we have a holiday for my ex-wifes divorce lawyer? And I couldnt stop, man. I couldnt stop obsessing about these gentle Taínos. I kept thinking theyd be so perfect for my sons history project, and for my son, cause my son was this gentle little creature. And so I present it to him, right? And hes all like, Dad, Im sorry. Im sorry, Dad, but theres this girl I really like, and she already thinks Im a wuss cause I keep getting bullied all the time, so I cant really do my project on wusses right now. Why dont you impress her with some of the other facts I gave you? Oh, yeah, Dad, thats a great idea. Ill just tell her I come from sheep-fuckers who had syphilis. Thanks, Dad, but thats why I dont talk to you about this shit, Dad. Oh, come on, Buddy. Man, come on. Thats not fair, man. You know you can talk to me about anything, my little man. You know what? I wanna prove it to you. Im gonna show you. Ill show you that you could be a hero to your little girly friend, okay, my man? Because Ive got a foolproof… hero test. Because in my book, you just need three things to be a hero, okay? One – dont be a dick. Because heroes dont discriminate. They sacrifice their lives to help everyone irregardless, okay? And two… dont be an a-hole. ‘Cause heroes act up when theyre called upon to stand up for something or to take a knee against something. [cheering and applause] And three – dont be a pussy. Because heroes never back down. It looks something like this. Im a married man, so its been a while. I know its got that little thingy right there… Buddy, honey, are you paying attention? Are you pay– Honey, this… goes in here. And sometimes on your birthday, in here. All right? This is our sex talk, okay? But dont tell your mom. Dont tell her. Buddy. So lets put all our guys through our hero filter. Lets forget about the Taínos for now because they were too gentle, but what about using… the mighty Aztec warriors? Oh, come on, man, they were so badass, with those things through their noses, and they invented basketball and shit. But, Dad, as a virgin I cant really support them cause they woulda sacrificed me, too. What? Where the hell did you learn that? In school? No, Dad, no, I watched Apocalypto the movie. Oh, great. My son is learning our history from Mel Gibson. Holy fuck, how demented is that shit? So, yo, I had to double down and get it right for my son and, luckily for me, I find my ammunition in this mad, explicit book by this Spanish friar, Sahagún, who was writing at the time of the Aztecs and spoke the actual… [speaks gibberish sounding language names] All right, let me break it down for you. So, Sahagún says that in 1520, Spain sends Cortés to colonize Mexico. Now, back then, Mexico was called the Aztec Empire. And their capital city, Tenochtitlan, was right here. Oh, grow up. Now… when the conquistadors first saw this city, they said it looked like a dream. because it was so beautiful and pristine and white, and it had 45 public buildings, temples, marketplaces, aqueducts. The city was surrounded by a giant lake, so they were safe. So how the fuck did we lose? How could we fucking lose, man? Well, the going Eurocentric narrative, even in a progressive book like Guns, Germs, and Steel is that we natives lost because we were somehow inferior. Because the Europeans allegedly had superior weapons, genes, intellect, agriculture, blah, blah, blah, blah. Bullshit, because Eduardo Galeano in Open Veins, which should be every Latin parents bible, by the way, proves that the only thing superior that the Europeans really had were their germs. Because if the European colonizer attacked before his germs took hold, he always lost. Thats why Cortés didnt beat the Aztecs the first time he attacked. No, he had to wait a whole fucking year till two thirds of the Aztec population died from European smallpox. The other factor that undid the Aztecs was their infamous King Moctezuma, who was polling very low… so he colludes with Putin – I mean, Cortés – to set him up as the ancient Aztec god Quetzalcoatl. Im not gonna even try to spell that. ‘Cause if Moctezuma could prove that Cortés was a god, the Aztec people were sure he was there to make the Aztecs great again. Im glad youre getting my meaning. But Moctezuma got played by Cortés, so we have a word in Spanish for Moctezuma. Un pendejo. So, Moctezuma goes up to Cortés and says, goes up to Cortés and says, [feminine voice] Your Lord, you have finally come to your city, Mexico. Here, sit on thy throne, oh, Quetzalcoatl. Cortés was like, What did you call me? Quetza what? Quetza qué? Well, surely you jest. Youre our god of earth and water. Right, Quetzalcoatl? Play along, stupid. Everybodys watching. Oh, yeah, for sure. My friends all call me Cortés for short. Okay, Cortés for short. [giggles] Cortés seizes Moctezuma. Shut up, you. Were taking you prisoner unless you get your people to open up the city gates. I might let you live. [sinister snicker] Okay, you leave me no choice cause youre so butch. [applause] So were gonna have to distract the masses with a sacrifice. Oh, shit, I know. Drop the beat. ? Run inside, Cortés, you stupid cunt ? ? Ignore the ugly white people walking to the city gates ? ? One, two, Im a captive bitch in my own home ? ? It makes no sense, I gave him gifts, I let him in ? ? I got my ass, Im saving me as is ? ? Cortés wants my throne, I wont let him, no, no ? ? Let my people down, thats for sure ? ? Sacrifice, lets give him a show ? ? Im-a get me outta this ? ? Im Moctezuma, bitch ? ?You aint gonna take my throne, now watch me ? ?Take me down to the floor like this, this, this, this, this ? [cheering and applause] Im too old for this shit. I couldve tore something. Whoo. As soon as Cortés got in the city gates, the Aztecs were fucked and are reminded what the great, late Stephen Hawking, the British cosmologist, once said – [imitating Hawking] Life would be tragic… if it werent so funny. Ha. Ha. Ha. Because Moctezumas death is tragically comical. Because Cortés spears him in the dick, kills the man while hes asleep – aah – and then runs off. But, yo, when the Aztec people found out that their puppet king had sold them out, yo, they went apeshit. [speaks Spanish] Only we can kill our king. Azteca! [cheering] So the Aztecs actually thought that their dope-ass dance was gonna scare away the conquistadors, but, sadly, it did not, because the conquistadors answered back with their cannons. Nothing funny about these motherfuckers. [indistinct chatter] [imitates lighting fuse, firing cannon] And the poor Aztecs, who had never seen or heard a cannon before, were like, Holy shit, homes. Holy shit. Was that thunder? God, I hope it rains so nobody sees that I peed myself. [imitates cannon firing] Oh, fuck! I shat myself! It must be the end of the world! It must be… 2012. Run for your lives, chingones. Were gonna die! [imitates cannon firing] And a few remaining Aztecs came out feverish for one last battle. Chipotle, Cholula, Flan… [speaks Spanish] And the conquistadors were like, Oh! Joder. Gabriel, García, Márquez… [speaks Spanish] And the conquistadors retaliate in a circle-jerk of muskets. And the last of the Aztecs… were all gone. -No. Mom. -[imitates musket firing] My son. And now bloody and beaten on the Aztec killing fields the Aztecs still lost by a slim-fucking-margin, man. As they say in Palestine… [gibberish] How can a god who is just let people do this to each other? And that, my friends, is the end of the mighty, mighty Aztec Empire. And I know they lost. And I know it was the most successful destruction of a peoples language, culture, and religion in history, but, yo, they fought and died so that we might live. And I thought what a great lesson to pass on to my son, right? To fight until the bitter end, right? So… I go to his room to pass this on… but my son is all like, Moctezuma, Dad? Thats your best hero, Dad? Dad, he doesnt even pass our hero test, cause rule number two, he was an a-hole, Dad, cause he sold out his people just to save his own ass. Oh, but, Buddy, honey, youre missing the big takeaway here, man. ‘Cause the Aztecs were fighting against the most lethal use of germ warfare in history, man. Just imagine if everyone you knew and loved around you was dying. Okay, Dad. Okay, you know what, Dad? Im gonna do my homework by myself now. Dad, that means alone. That means you gotta go. -Where am I gonna go? This is my house. -[door slams] I… gotta be straight up with you people. I gotta be straight up. I did not know how to father this boy. And I knew I needed help, so I went into therapy. Yeah, Im in therapy. I dont look like I need it cause I seem very confident and well-adjusted… like somebody you wanna be trapped in an elevator with, but, no. I need lots of help, man, because before I confront others, I gotta learn how to confront myself. And my therapist,  Dr. T., who sounds a lot like Tim Gunn on Project Runway… I know, Doc, I know. Im relapsing. I know cause… but is now starting to hold you back. John, stop. You keep using your humor to avoid your core issues. Its an outmoded survival skill that helped you get out of the ghetto but is now starting to hold you back. I know, Doc, I know. Im relapsing. I know cause… Im failing my son. What good am I, man? Im all obsessed with war and heroes and I cant seem to find my son a Latin hero. Well, John, the question is, whos your Latin hero, huh? How do you expect to have a hero for your son if you dont have one for yourself? [stammers] Might I make a suggestion? What about your father? My father, Doc, my father, oh, shit, my father. Let me put it this way, man, When the bullies used to step up to me and go, ‘Yo, John, yo. I bet you my pops could beat up your pops, Id be like, ‘Oh, yeah? When? Terrific. Dont run away from this. Go further, John. Tell your father. Talk to your father, the man who withheld his love from you, yet instilled you with the creative, yet pathetic need, to seek the approval of strangers. All right, Doc. All right. Dad, I forgive you. I forgive you for my fucked-up childhood, but… you cant forgive me for talking about it in a place? Fuck you. I hate you, man. No, Doc. No, man. This corny shits not working. No, John. Break through, John, break through. John, we reached a critical juncture in your repressed ghetto rage. If we dont tackle it this very minute, you might never be able to function– Look at the time. Thats all the time we have for today. Same time next week? -[imitates intercom buzzer] -Mr. Weinstein, Im ready for you. [laughter and groans] So, I leave my therapists office with an untreated chronic case of ghetto rage. And– Time-out. Urban Dictionary time. Anybody here who doesnt know what ghetto rage is? Well, its when the whole world keeps telling you that youre worthless, and you fight these microaggressions daily, but when you start to lose that battle, you start drowning in this… in this self-loathing, burning rage, but… but as a Latin man, as a Latin man, you cant get angry, cause Homeland Security, the fucking INS or the police could decide youre a threat, and the next person to be shot or deported could be you or me. ‘Cause Latin life is cheap in America. [applause] I didnt know how to deal with that. I did not know how to deal, so I ran away, I ran away, and my drug of choice – books. And I find more ammunition, more ammunition in this incredible book by the genius Charles Mann, who wrote this beautiful , beautiful love letter to us called 1491… wherein he says that in 1531, 11 years after the Aztec conquest, Cortés hooks up his cousin, Pizarro, and gets him a ship to lead an expedition against the biggest empire on Earth – the Inca. Now, the Inca were three times bigger than any empire of the time, man. Bigger than the Ming dynasty, bigger than Tsarist Russia. So advanced that they pioneered the concept of socialism before Karl Marx. And they had a binary code that predated computers. How about that shit? Now, can anybody here tell me what five countries in South America made up the Incan Empire for extra credit? Come on. Lets start from the top. Lets start from the top. Colombia, Ecuador. Sir, if Im going too fast for you, Ill slow down. Peru. Bolivia. And Chi… le. All right, let me contextualize you. So douchebag Pizarro had three things in his favor, man. One – Cortés playbook outlining how to get Indian allies. Two – his cousins germ warfare had made it all the way from the Aztecs to the Incas and killed half the population because the Europeans had declassified their diseases as pre-existing conditions. And thirdly, and most importantly, the narcissism… of small… differences. And my man Freud had explained that phenomena beautifully, and he says, [German accent] Ja, people are naturally jealous even of their brother-r-r-r-r or their-r-r-r-r best friend because people have to feel superior-r-r-r-r, und will look for the smallest minutiae of differ-r-r-r-rence to feel better-r-r-r-r than you, the goddamn sons of bitches. Yo, Freud knew his shit, huh, man? Oh, hell, yeah, because even if we were all the same people, we would find some stupid little fucked-up reason to hate on each other, man. And thats what happened here, man. Thats what happened here, because the most hated enemy tribe of the Inca were the Chanka. Not to be confused with la chancla. ‘Cause thats every Latin kids worst enemy. Im sorry, chancla is Spanish for flip-flop. Our moms beat us with it when we were little. [speaks Spanish] So the flip-flops… the most hated enemy tribe of the Inca, link up with Pizarro, and Pizarro says to them, Follow me. Lets hide behind the blackboard. All right, friar, you go convert those savage Inca. And if that fails, were gonna go to plan B. And the friar Valverde was like, Plan B. Plan B. What is plan B? Spear them in the dick, of course. Shh. Hide, everybody. So the friar comes out to the town square surrounded by 80,000 Incas. [audience catcalls] All jungle-ripped in leather Speedos. Sexy as fuck. And the friar goes up to Atahualpa, the king of the Incas, and he goes, Atahualpa, king of the Inca, please, please take this Bible and convert, because the Catholic religion is all-forgiving, soul-saving, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Our priests love children. Spend a lot of time with them. And Atahualpa, the king of the Incas, throws the Bible down. Psst. Who is this motherfucker? Okay, never mind, never mind. Plan B. Plan B. Spear him in the dick right about now would be as good a time as any. -And Pizarro comes out of hiding. -[imitates horn call] Atacan! And with his huge legion of Indian allies… they ambush the Inca. So Atahualpa, the king of the Incas, tries to make a getaway on a litter. A litters some ancient king-carrying fucking thing. Hes, Run, motherfuckers, run. If you dont drop me, Ill get you all the pussy you want in the afterlife. And his attendants were like, We got you. I just need a few more hours to get in the union so I can get my medical. -But Pizarro cuts them off. -[imitates horse neigh] Savage, your end is near. Now put down your king or Ill slice your arms off. You kiss my brown ass. I aint putting nobody down. Oh, jeez, he got me! Dont drop the king. Dont drop the king. Come at me, Pizarro. I dont need my arm. Ill kick the fuck outta you. Ill kick the fuck outta you. Savage, Im warning you. Put down the king, or Ill slice your legs off. Hells to the no, bitch. What you gonna do? Shit, what you gonna– Oh, shit, he got me! Oh, fuck! Dont drop the king. Dont drop– Come at me, Pizarro. Ill bite the shit outta you. Come here. All right, savage. Last chance. Put down your king, or Ill slice your head off. What part of ‘fuck, no do you seem not to understand? Oh, shit, he got me! Dont drop the king. Oh, shit. Oh, fuck. Yo, those Incas had your back, bruh bruh. They would not drop their man, even if their life depended on it. Thats fucking loyalty, yo. Why do you think Monty Python stole that bit from them? And thats how the Spaniards won. This one really broke my heart, because here was our history, here was the foundation of a brown race, of a Latin people, with their own James Joyces and Dostoevskys and Prousts, who lived deep in the Latin past where we authored mythology, pioneered in math and astronomy, excelled in sport, built aqueducts and pyramids that put us on the same level as all other great civilizations. But now… now just completely obliterated. So I didnt know how to deal with that. I didnt know how I was gonna face my son with that one. And, uh… then I get a text from my wife. John, meet me at the headmasters office. Oh, shit. So, I get to the headmaster – thats principal to yall – and hes all like, John, I just received an anonymous video of your son punching another student in the face. Im sorry, but that cant be right because you know what? My sons actually the one being bullied. Well, John, the video suggests otherwise. I dont know whats going on at home, but your sons grades have taken a terrible nosedive, as of late. And he might not pass this semester. But dont worry about it right now, John. Were gonna revisit this after his probation. Probation? What are you talking about? Youre putting my son on probation? Come on, man. My son was obviously set up. What are we talking about here? Is this because the bullys family paid for the library? Is that what were really talking about? Why you gotta do me like that? You know me, huh? You know me? Huh? You know me? Hey, hey, hey, get off me, man. Get off me. So Im escorted out of the headmasters office… and on the walk of shame home with my wife and my son, Im all like, Honey, Im sorry. Come on, I lost my head. Come on, I said I was sorry, didnt I? Buddy, honey, what the hell really happened, man? Dad, the bully kept yelling and yelling, ‘Thats why nobody likes you. Nobody likes you cause your dads a celebritard. So I punched him, Dad. I punched him, and thats when they filmed me, Dad. Oh, come on, Buddy. Come on, man. You know better than that. Honey, I didnt tell him to do that. But, Dad, I sucker-punched him just like you told me. And what, now I dont pass your hero test? Well, screw you and your stupid test! And my wifes all like… Oh, I hope youre happy, John. I hope youre happy. Encouraging this violent type of behavior in my home. Whats wrong with you? And, Buddy, honey, you dont owe anyone any explanations for your flaws, okay? Because nobodys born perfect. So you tell that bully that if hes gonna pick on you again, he better damn well be perfect. Otherwise, just let you be. Okay? Lets go get you dinner. John, well see you at home. What are you talking about? I wanna come, too. No, Dad, no. You only make things worse, Dad. So I was back in therapy… John, lets go a little deeper into your subconscious. Were gonna go– Were gonna do a little word-association exercise. Im gonna say a word or phrase, you say the first thing that comes into your mind. Titties. [laughter] Uh, no, John. No, uh, we hadnt started yet, John. How about proper nouns? Lets try proper nouns. Here we go again. Uh, success. Oh, oh, oh, um, Mark Zuckerberg. Genius. Thats a hard one, man. Thats a tough fucking– um, Steve Jobs? -Legend. -Uh, Billy Joel. But, John, what about Marc Anthony? [unenthused] Yeah. Yeah. John, what about solo performers? Dude, its gotta be Spalding Gray. Hes the godfather. But, John, do you see the pattern here, John? Shit, Doc, youre right. Youre right. Im brainwashed. No, worse. Im whitewashed. I cant believe they got me, man. I cant believe they got me in my own mind, in my deepest places. They got me believing white people are better than me. Fuck. Where the fuck did that shit come from? John, other than history textbooks, movies, television, and newspapers, I really dont know. But, John, as a client of mine, who shall remain nameless, because, well, hes a political figure… All right, lets say he ran for mayor, and a dick pic was his undoing. Well, he tells me that theres this conference in Texas on diversity. Maybe you go give the Latino point of view and reaffirm your Latino centralness. Thank you, Doc. But didnt you just violate some doctor-patient confidentiality, man? What do you say behind my back? John, look at the time. Thats all the time we have for today. Same time next week? Oh, no, John. I had an emergency next week, and I had to give your spot the following week to Anthony Weiner. So… I leave my therapists office, and I sign up for this conference in Texas. And I had a bad feeling about it. Mostly because it was in Texas. And the date comes, and I fly myself all the way to Dallas, and there I am, trying to stay away from the alcohol in the green room. Thank you, Ill have another. Mm. ‘Cause I never drink, man. I dont drink, no, cause Im always afraid that all the ghetto shit inside of me is gonna come pouring out of me one of these days. You know what Im talking about. Thank you. Ill have a double. But I was nervous as fuck, and they call us… out on the stage, and this moderator, this Texan guy, just rips right into me. Hes like, Ah, Mr. Liquidzamo. Im intrigued by this niche history of Latin America youre telling us about, but youre an outsider and a foreigner, and your comments are a direct attack on American exceptionalism, so I-Im-Im gonna have to agree with Senator Thom Tillis of North Carolina when he says that Hispanics and blacks are not traditional Americans. And boom. The alcohol hits me. [cheering and applause] Niche history, motherfucker? Exceptionalism, you honky-ass cracker? You best, you best, uh, back the fuck off… with your jingoistical, xenophobic, inaccurate bullshit, cause you seriously talking out the side of your mouth, you punk-ass bitch! Because the establishment of these here United States was only made possible through one of the most comprehensive campaigns of ethnic cleansing that the world has ever known. Am I getting through to you now, motherfucker? Do you know me? Huh? You know me? You know me? Of course, the Texas crowd was not like you. Oh, no, yo. They turned on me, man. They started booing the shit outta me. But when I retold the story to my son, I cleverly left out that booing part. Buddy, honey, promise me, man, youre never gonna lose your shit, especially in a argument, my man. Especially if youre a person of color, because then nobody hears the content of what youre trying to say. Okay? Because what I should have said, calmly and-and coolly and collected to Mr. Texas, to Mr. Moderator, was, Sir, Im not an outsider, sir. Sir, we are not foreigners. No, sir. We are a vast network of tribes that commingled, co-habitated, and freely migrated north, central, south, Caribbean and Mexican Indians, and we is all the same blood. [cheering and applause] Yo… Yo, we were so interconnected, man, that when I had my DNA done, they couldnt tell me which specific tribe I was from. And when I got my results back, all it said was Native American. [woman] Oh, yeah. It also showed that I had a STD in high school, but thats another story. You didnt have an STD back in high school? What, you werent popular? I havent forgotten about you, either. So, it was November by now, and it was Thanksgiving. Im waiting for the meal. Im waiting, and then finally my poor wife comes down, all meshuggana. And shes like, John, Buddys not coming down. No, the bully turned the whole grade on him, against him, and… I dont even know what else to do anymore. Well, let me go talk to him. Maybe Ill have better luck. Who knows? [pounds foot] Hey, Buddy. Honey, what do you say we go for a little walk? I wanna share something with you. No, Dad. No, go away. Just leave me alone, Dad. I wish I were dead. Just leave me alone! Oh, honey. Buddy, look, man. I know what youre going through, I really do. My daughter steps up, and shes like… [whispers] Dad, let me help. Please let me help, Dad. All right, go ahead. [taps foot] Buddy? Did you know that Dad got booed by all of Texas? Do you wanna see it? I have it here on YouTube. And, Buddy, you know what? If you really think of the bully as sandpaper, sure, of course its gonna scratch you and hurt you, but in the end, hes gonna end up useless, and youre gonna end up polished. [laughter] Wow. Wow. Buddy, honey, you know what? Shes not wrong, man. No, shes not wrong because you know what? People… are gonna try to hurt us with their words, man, because some people are unhappy, and unhappy people dont like themselves, and they want everybody else to feel as shitty as they do. You know what? Bet they dont have the guts to admit this to themselves. Dad, do you not like yourself sometimes, too? Oh, honey. I only have the guts to admit it to you. What do you say we go down for Thanksgiving together? We got a lot to be thankful for this year. Open up the door for me, man. Buddy, open the door, come on. Come on, man. Come on, open the door. Im just curious, where are we with the heroes project? No, youre not gonna tell me? What do you say we open up the history textbook, and you and I look up what Horace Greeley said? Come on, man. That could be a lot of fun. Can anybody here help me? Extra credit – what did Horace Greeley say? Anybody. -[woman, indistinct] -Thats right, maam. Thats right. Horace Greeley was the asshole… who said, Go West, young man. But he shouldve never said that shit. Because those real illegal-alien pioneers wouldnt stop fucking coming here. Im talking about the D-list of white folks, so no offense. The real OGs. Crooks, murderers and rapists, all out of the jails of Europe. Even Alexander de Tocqueville, my favorite French philosopher, from the 1800s, had to address Congress about these fucking pioneers. And he says to them, [French accent] I dont know how you people do it. You Americans are so good at exterminating Indians. Not even the Spanish are as good as you. And you like to do it so much. How do you do it? I mustve got to my son cause he cracks the door, but hes… Dad, how could our Indian forefathers have been so stupid, Dad? How could they have not seen that extermination coming, Dad? Oh, Buddy, honey, because its been proven that its historically impossible to see this kind of annihilation coming, man. Because, Buddy, even-even our Cherokee people were bushwhacked by bloody Andrew Jackson. [laughter] And our seventh president proclamates to the Cherokee people, [Southern accent] ‘Now listen here, Chief Crybaby. You and you papooses can remain on this land so long as you live by our laws. So from now on, there gonna be just a few new laws just for all yall. [imitates gun cylinder spinning] I look more like Frederick Douglass than I do Andrew Jackson. But Id rather look like Freddy than Andy any old-fucking-day. Especially after you learn that those poor tribes actually tried to live according to those strict laws of Andrew Jacksons Indian Removal Act, which is so twisted and hypocritical, man, because Ben Franklin and the Founding Fathers plagiarized the Iroquois nations constitution to create our Constitution because of the great freedoms and independence it guaranteed to each individual state. And then they go and do it to us again in the 1930s with the Repatriation Act where they blame Mexican-Americans for taking jobs during the Depression. Sound familiar? So President Herbert Hoover repatriates 500,000 Latin people that were born here. Those of us that didnt leave were lynched. And between 1830 and 1930, 600 of us were lynched. And now… theyre doing it to us again, man, with all these anti-immigration policies. Making us so afraid of being pulled over and profiled that we have to pretend we cant even speak Spanish. [gibberish] Making us so afraid of being deported and carted off that we have to pretend to be white. We have to pretend we cant even fucking dance. Officer, I always dance like a frog in a blender. I swear to God I love Nickelback. Until they play some merengue or a cumbia, then were like, Oh, shit. Oh, fuck. No. Motherfucking shit. No. Oh, shit. Fuck. Goddamn son of a bitch. Motherfucker. [dance music playing] Shut it off! Shut it off! Shut it off! -[music stops] -Shit. [music continues] [music stops] That shit always gives us away. Every fucking time, man. So… Andrew Jackson passes his Indian Removal Act of 1830. So a third of the Cherokee people die that winter as they walk – together now, everybody – the Trail of Tears. I know its a terrible human atrocity, but can you imagine the guilt trip those parents who survived the Trail of Tears could lay on their kids? You wanna hear about hardship, little Buffalo Dingleberry? I mean, compared to my childhood, you dont know how fucking easy you have. I dont know about yall, but Im all about a guilt trip, man. Its the leverage I got left as a parent cause my kids are bugging out cause they want another iTunes album, video game, another pair of ripped jeans. And my daughters wigging, going, I hate my life. I hate my life. Whyd you bring me into this world I hate? Oh, you brat. You brat. You dont know how easy you have it, man. When I was a kid, there was no Internet. We didnt have iPads or Spotify. You wanted to steal music? You had to walk to the goddamn record store and shoplift it yourself! Or you had to wait around all day to tape it off the radio. And the DJ usually talked over the beginning of it and fucked it all up! And if you wanted to know the lyrics to a song… oh, my fucking God. Jesus-fucking-Christ. Oh, my God, you had to rewind it and rewind it and rewind and rewind and rewind. Thats why I never knew that Rock the Cat Box Rock the Cat Box was actually Rock the Casbah! As you could see, I was losing my mind. Literally losing my mind. I think it was because it was months and months of learning about our losers history that I started suffering from some kind of ancestral PTSD. I dont know what the fuck. But when I start taking it out on my kids, thats when I draw the line in the sand, man, and I was done. Yo, I was done. I waited for spring break to break it to my son that I was quitting on him. I get to his room, and I find him sitting in the dark, looking all lonely and sad and, Hey, little man. I want you to know Im sorry I failed you, man. Im sorry. I tried to protect you from all this, and I… -And, man, I just… -Dad, dont worry. Dont worry, Dad, cause I realized that a lot of the kids in my grade are just-just never gonna like me, Dad, but I also realized that I highly dont give a fuck. [applause] So, Dad, Im gonna focus on my heroes project so I could graduate and get the hell outta this school but, Dad, Dad. Wait, Dad. I wanna do my project on something -that no one has ever done, Dad. -All right, Buddy. All right, honey. Its gonna be our secret mission, you and me, okay? Oh, shit, dude, I got it. Buddy, I got the thing that no ones ever done. My God, this is gonna rock your world, because you know what? It rocked my world. When I found out that we Latin people had participated in the Civil War, Buddy. Tell that to the goddamn bully, because 20,000 of us Latinos fought in the North and the South. Well go wherever they pay us, you know how we do. Buddy, youre right. Lets forget the Civil War. Im gonna get you that Latin war hero if its the last thing I do. I wanna check my notes real fast. This is gonna blow your mind, because you know what? It blew my mind when I found out that we Latin people had helped out in the American Revolution. Ten thousand unknown Latino patriots fought out of a total of 80,000 American troops. Thats one out of eight. And some of us were generals. And women, Cuban women in Virginia sold their jewelry, their hoop earrings and their door knockers… to feed the patriots. But the illest… Latin hero I found for you was this General Bernardo Gálvez. And this homie donated $70,000 worth of weapons to George Washington. So, between the jewelry and the weapons, we also financed that war. So we too are the sons and daughters of the American Revolution, my man. [applause and cheering] Out of nowhere my daughter pops out and rips off her headphones, and shes like, Seriously, Dad? Seriously? Like, 95% of what youve been talking about is all military history. Only focused entirely around men, Dad. What a myopic and compromised, gender-biased view of history, Dad. I cant believe youre such a sexist! I cant believe I came out of you! And she put on her headphones and blasted some misogynistic rap song. Buddy, honey, I didnt realize that I was being unconsciously sexist. Dude, Im gonna have to revisit all the research, but redo it from a womans point of view. No, Dad, no. Shes better off without your help, Dad. And, Dad, you keep throwing all these random heroes at me, Dad. All these war guys. Buddy, come on. Random heroes. Dont you know that our history was systematically cut out of history books? How come you dont know that 30,000 of us fought in World War I and almost 500,000 of us sacrificed our lives in World War II? Well, Dad, I dont care because to me, violence is just the worst kind of communication, Dad. Thats why– Look, I already got my project so please stay out of it cause Im working on it. So you dont like warriors, dude. Im cool. Thats no biggie, man. ‘Cause I got my secret stash here that I been saving for you, my man. This is my real jam. Political leaders. Simon Bolivar, the George Washington of South America. Or how about a civil-rights activist like Cesar Chavez? Hey, come on. Dont walk out on me, man. You know how hard it is to find these heroes -who were spics and beaners to them? -[door slams] I guess he just didnt want my help anymore. But now I had all this information just stuck in my head, man, and it started playing over and over and over. I started feeling like I was going insane. And then I find out that one in four people in America suffers from some form of mental illness. So think of your three best friends. And if theyre okay, well, then its you. Latin stats roll call. Latin stats roll call. So we Latin people are the second-oldest ethnic group in America after Native Americans. And yet, at 22%, we have the highest high-school dropout rate of any minority in this country. And at 32%, we are the most-bullied ethnic group in the workplace. And at 40% of the prison population, because of this immigration detention, we are now the largest ethnic group in jails. And 60% of hate crimes are perpetrated on us, so weve got the record there, too. And were almost 70 million hard-working, contributing Americans in this country, and this president has effectively declared war on us by his zero tolerance, by betraying our Dreamers, by publicly denigrating Mexican Americans and then by abandoning American citizens in Puerto Rico and left to die. And how dare he. How dare he. When were so American it hurts. Because were the only ethnic group that has fought in every single war this countrys ever had. We have shed blood for America in each and every single one of her wars. Were the most decorated minority in each and every single one of those wars. But where are our contributions? Where are they? Where are they listed, mentioned or honored? Can you imagine, can you imagine if they were put back into history? Written back into history textbooks? Can you imagine how America would see us? More importantly, can you imagine how we would see ourselves? And then I just fell asleep. I dont know how long Id been asleep, but it was a long time and… all I could think about is, God, is my son ever gonna graduate? Oh, God. [mutters] [alarm sounds] Oh, shit. What happened? What? What? John, wake up.  John, wake up. Its Buddys graduation, and, John, Buddy said hes gonna have a big surprise for us. Everybodys waiting for you downstairs. Youre gonna make us late. A surprise, honey? What surprise? Why didnt anybody tell me? So we race down to the auditorium for my sons graduation from middle school. -[Pomp and Circumstance playing] Thats eighth grade to yall. And my wife and I are so excited, man. Were so excited because we never thought this day was actually gonna come. And, um… I go to take my seat and guess who bogarts it from me. The come mierda bullys dad. No, John, you dont get to sit down, no, because you were such a grandmother and went crying to the headmaster. Now my son doesnt have a shot at a good school. No, no, thanks a lot. I really appreciate it. Glad I gave to the Financial Aid Fund because you know what? Its really done me a world of good. Excuse me, but its good to know you just give for your own benefit. And just so you know, were not on financial aid. Maybe because Im Latin, you assume we had to be, like its a rule or something? But, no, my son got in cause he earned it. Unlike some peoples kids who probably benefited from some white affirmative-action program for lazy, privileged white kids, as if that demographic could ever really be underrepresented, huh? Hey, you wanna step outside? You-You-You wanna step outside? Look, there is nothing I would love more than to mambo all over your face… but Im gonna have to deny myself that pleasure because as a wise Puerto Rican, Colombian, Jewish, Incan, Aztec kid once told me, violence is the lowest form of communication. And bam – I had my comeback. I was the father I wanted my son to have. My wife just elbows the shit outta me. John, shh! Would you be quiet. Buddys about to talk. And then at that exact moment, I hear them call my sons name out loud. This was the moment, man. This is the moment Ive been dreading my whole life. I couldnt go up there with him anymore. I couldnt help him, I couldnt fix it for him, I couldnt save him, I just… I just had to let go. John, shh. Would you be quiet. Not everything is about you, John. Okay, okay. I see my son approaching the podium, and I couldnt believe it. I couldnt believe that was my boy. Who was this kid? Who was this amazing young man walking towards the podium? Um… at the first, when the headmaster asked me to take my hero project and turn it into this speech, I really wasnt prepared but, um… then something in the last few weeks changed for me because I learned from watching my dad heroically fail. [laughter] I learned that a hero doesnt have to win, and a hero doesnt have to beat up an enemy or revenge himself to be a hero. And I also learned we really havent lost because weve taken the worst beating in history, and were still here… writing, inventing, dancing, and just not giving up. And, um, because of a situation that I had, I was forced to, um… look inside myself, and thats when I saw that in some ways, Ive got lots of heroes in me. Because I am Cesar Chavez, and I am Céspedes of the Mets, even though hes always injured. And I am Menudo. [laughter] And I am Sonia Sotomayor. And I am definitely not Ted Cruz. [laughter] But the biggest thing I learned while I was, uh, failing outta school this past year was, as one of my fellow classmates once said to me, ‘Youre the king of nothing. But if the Mayans invented the concept of zero… then nothing is not nothing. And if they can make something out of nothing… then my hero is… My… hero… is… me. [music playing] [cheering and applause] Thank you. Thank you. [Soy Yo by Bomba Estereo playing]

ELLEN DEGENERES@RELATABLE@2018@ [crowd cheers] [background song] Thank you so much. Thank you. That is lovely energy. I appreciate it. Thank you so much for being here, Seattle. So its been 15 years since Ive done stand-up and when I decided to do this special a friend of mine was at my house and I told him: Im going to do stand up again. And he said: Really? And I said: Yeah. I was hoping for more of a really. But it was really. And I said: Yes, why? And he said: Well, do you think youre still relatable? And… [crowd laughs] I said: Yes, I do think Im still relatable. Im a human being. He said: Well, I mean, your life has changed so much. And… I said: I know but I still think Im relatable. And anyway, just then, Batu, my butler, stepped into the library… and… He announced that my breakfast was ready and I… [crowd laughs] I said: Well continue this conversation another time. This is… ridiculous. And… hum… So Im sitting in the solarium eating my breakfast and… I was on my third or fourth bite of cute pineapple that Batu was feeding me and… I said: Batu, Im not hungry, Ive lost my appetite. My friend has really upset me by what he said. And… he said: Well then, I shall draw you a bath maam. And… I said: You dont have to announce it all the time. Just draw the bath. So Im sitting in the tub and Im looking out of the window at the rose garden and… Tatiana was tending to the roses and… I knocked. Maam. And… anyway. I get out of the tub and Batu had forgotten to put the towel next to the tub. Again! And… So, I had to do that bathmat scoot all the way across… the bathroom to get to the towel. And, its a big– You can imagine how big the bathroom is. Its like… [crowd laughs] Doing the bathmat scoot. And then I stopped and I was like: Oh my God… this is relatable. [crowd claps] People do the bathmat scoot when the butler forgets to put the towel next to the tub. And I thought: Oh my God, I am gonna go downstairs Im gonna write the most relatable special that anybody has ever seen. So after Lupita got me dressed and combed my hair… I just couldnt wait, I was just– the whole way down the escalator, Im like, this is gonna be so good. So I get downstairs and my friend is still down wandering around in the hallway and Im like: What are you still doing here? And hes like: Im lost. And Im like: Oh my God. How many times have I shown you the front door? Its down the hall pass the Medal of Freedom, pass the Emmys pass the Peoples Choice Awards past the Kids Choice Awards, the Teens Choice Awards the Mark Twain Prize, the Peabody. Take a left at the gift shop, and that is the front door. I think people have a tendency… We look at somebody and we decide we know all about them. We put someone in a box so, you know I think everyone thinks that all celebrities live exactly the same. Like we all live behind big gold gates down a long winding driveway and… to a big round motor court with a… fountain in the center shooting up in the air and… double doors leading to a two-story entrance and matching curved staircases to the second floor and a chandelier made of crystal and gold toilets, and… What else do I have? [crowd laughs] Gold toilets… We do… We have a tendency to stereotype people. This is… This is a true story. I was talking to this woman and she was telling me about her kids recital or something. You know, how people are, and… I said: I gotta get going. I gotta get home to feed my cats. And… She said: Oh, how many cats do you have? And I said: Three. And she goes: Oh, you are a lesbian. [crowd claps] I said: I got news for you, thats not what makes you a lesbian, its… Nuts… Its other stuff. Its… I said: I have three dogs. Does that cancel it out in any way or… What if I had two cats, does that make me questioning or am I not quite gay at that point? I dont know… I am still gay by the way. Still… Oh, thank you. [crowd cheers] Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Yes, Im enjoying it. Its… really working out for me now. Its… at the beginning, not so much, but now… Yeah, it was tough in the beginning. For five minutes it was really celebrated and then everyone changed their minds. But I really… For a few minutes there it really seemed like it was going well and I thought everyone in Hollywood thats closeted is gonna come out after me I pictured like a stampede of wild elephants like… every closeted actor and actress in Hollywood… But instead, they were like little meerkats coming out of their little meerkat closets. Just… Hows this gonna go? Is she gonna be OK? Before I make a decision I wanna see how this is. Nope, not going well. Im going down… back in… stay there for a little while. I just think, it would help if more people came out. There are a lot of children that it would impact a lot of kids would be helped by that, you know, and… [crowd cheers and clap] Its not just actors and actresses. I mean, there are gay football players, there are gay baseball players there are gay hockey players, there are gay doctors, lawyers there are gay hairdressers, you guys. I just think when something is talked about and when you see representatives of whatever the subject is it demystifies it. People arent afraid of it anymore like… dandruff. I mean… People werent talking about dandruff. Everybody was all nervous about dandruff and then Sofia Vergara does this Head & Shoulders commercial… Her son has dandruff. Hes a handsome boy. We dont care. Hes got dandruff. Nobodys worried about talking about dandruff anymore, you know. Jen Aniston has dry eye. We know that now. [crowd laughs] Shes your friend, shes my friend. She has dry eye and thats okay. Shes actually… She is my friend and she hid that from me. I had to learn about it on the commercial. She was… ashamed. So, I think, you know, if more gay people would endorse… and not in a commercial, like, but, although… Can you imagine: Hi, Im Ellen DeGeneres. Now Id like to talk to you about gay. Do you find yourself in love with, attracted to or just curious about the same sex? Maybe its time you try gay. [crowd laughs] [claps] Youll notice the difference in as little as 48 hours. And I should know. Im not just a spokesperson, Im a gay. Side effects may include: Loss of family, loss of friends, unemployment. [crowd laughs] [crowd claps] Yep, unemployment is a side effect. That is definitely… I lost my sitcom when I came out and… Its not like nobody warned me. I mean everybody warned me. My publicist, my agent, my manager anyone making money off of me said: Dont do it. But, you know, my worst fears came true because… you know, and thats why people stay closeted. The same people who loved me, overnight, just hated me. Just because they knew I was gay. Everything changed. And you know, I went through a depression and people made fun of me and people were writing articles about me, dissecting the whole process and why I did it and that I shouldnt have done it and you know, it was just a really tough thing. It took three years for me to get back on television. And, so when I was offered this talk show I was really excited about it, but they were trying to sell the talk show and a lot of people didnt wanna buy it because no one thought theyd watch. There was this one station manager, and this is a quote: No ones gonna watch it. No ones gonna watch a lesbian during the day. [crowd laughs] I said: Well, they werent watching me at night. What time of day is good for… a lesbian? So… [claps] Yeah, and then I get on the air in the first season. Im sure you have it archived. if you look back at the first season. I kinda had to tone it down a little bit, I had to dress differently. I was, you know… My hair was different. I had to wear necklaces, crazy things, really. Just… Is Ellen wearing a necklace? Its very delicate. She may not be gay anymore, I dont know. Does she still have the cats? She may not be gay. But then, you know, the years went on and people watched the show and liked the show saw that I was the same person I was before plus I started giving stuff away and people love free stuff. Oh yeah! I got a TV from the gay lady. I sure do like her. Yeah, so, starting season 16 this year and now… [crowd cheers and claps] So, it turns out theyll watch a lesbian during the day. They… So, now everybodys pretty cool with the fact Im gay. Everybodys fine with that. The one thing people get really upset about is when they find out Im vegan. Oh boy. Youre vegan? Where do you get your protein? Why do you care where I get my protein? [crowd laughs] [claps] Where do you get your riboflavin? Its hard to be vegan. If you go to a restaurant, unless its a vegan restaurant. they dont know what to do. You know, you say: Im vegan. So well, then you can have the chicken? No cant have the chicken. -Ill get the asparagus. -Well, that comes with Parmesan cheese. Can you do it without? -Alright, Ill just get the salad then. -Well, thats soaked in ham juice. [crowd laughs] -Why? -Thats how we do it, dont know. Im not really vegan, I say it for the joke. But Im not… [crowd laughs] Oh, look… how happy you are. Oh my God, youre so happy Im not vegan. Thank God, Ellen. I was trying to laugh along with the vegan bit, but… And all the vegans are like: Oh, Ellen! You were helping us for a minute there. I was vegan for 8 years and I really do believe that is great for you. I was healthier than Id ever been, I love being vegan. But just in the last year or two for no reason, really. I just started eating a piece of fish once in a while and Ill eat eggs from chickens that I know. You know what I mean? Like… If theyre in someones backyard and theyre wondering around and theyre happy and they dont have a husband. Do you know what Im saying? You know…. You know what I mean… You know what I mean, yeah. Some of the restaurants are trying to figure out how to help vegans. Theres not a lot of option at most restaurants. But the fine dining. I love that phrase. Fine dining. -Hows the dining? -Fine. [crowd laughs] They try to be so fancy when you go into the fine dining. Have you dined with us before? No, but Ive dined in other places before. Something different gonna happen in here? Sit down and eat and pay and leave, right? OK. Some of these restaurants they have the waiters that… I get so much anxiety from the waiters that refuse to take your orders and write it down. They insist on memorizing your order. Oh my God, I have so much anxiety. I dont know why they insist on doing it. like theyre impressing us in some way. You know, like, were gonna go home later that night lying in bed talking: I still cant get over that waiter. Oh. Every single thing, he remembered. Yep, the green beans. I thought about that too, on the side… Good night. If I see theyre not gonna write it down. Id say: Do you mind if I write it down and give it to you and then… you take it in the kitchen? Is that okay? ‘Cause… Id like it to come out right. Its just so… Im filled with anxiety when they come up to the table and they just come up and: And the lady will have? Thank you. And for the gentleman? Shouldnt be a problem. Ill speak with the chef and… yes. And the green beans on the side. Ill do that, thank you. And for you? [crowd laughs] Deathly allergic. Alright, Ill remember that. Yes. No, deathly allergic. I got it right there, thank you. And next? Thank you. And this side of the table? [crowd laughs and claps] Excellent choice. I hate when they say excellent choice right after me. Like: What was my choice? It wasnt…? Why? Why do you say that to her? Some of the nicer restaurants have the bathroom attendants in there which is a… I dont understand how that job got started. That was somebodys idea. I dont know who started that. I dont know if some person, a customer in the restaurant. Id like to speak to the manager. Im the manager. Was there a problem with the meal, everything OK? Everything was fine, thank you. Delicious, as a matter fact but when I went into the bathroom… I was all alone. Nobody was in there. Alright, so you would like someone to go in with you? No. Id like someone already in there before I get in there waiting…. listening. [crowd laughs] The bathroom attendant used to be a simple thing. There was a woman in there and there was a hair brush and some mints by the way, whos using that hairbrush? Thats… Theres hair in it already and you just… Now, its like, its grown. Its like, now, theres anything you could possibly want in the bathroom. Its like, a whole bodega is set up in there. Theres like… There is a make-up display theres is a curling iron, hair extensions crudités Oh, are those strawberries in season? Those look good. You leave the bathroom to go back to your table. Im full, I ate in the bathroom. I dont need anything. Oh, and the hummus was good. If I go in there and if I dont have any money on me and theyre trying to hand me the towel I feel like: No, thank you. I cant… No. I dont… No. I dont deserve it, give it to the lady there. No, thank you. Im good. [crowd claps] Thats a job, there are so many jobs when you think about it. There are so many different types of jobs. I like my job. I have a good job. I… a few years ago I started ending my show by saying: Be kind to one another. And… [crowd cheers] Yeah, thats what I thought. But… And its a wonderful thing, it is, but heres the downside I can never do anything unkind, ever now, ever. Im the be-kind girl. Im… And Im kind, Im a good person. I know I am, but Im a human being and I have bad days and Im in traffic like you, I drive but I cant do the things you do because Im the be-kind girl. You know. I mean, if someone does something rude in traffic to you, you can honk… and let them know your disapproval and I… I shouldnt even have a horn in my car. Theres no reason for me to have a horn. I cant honk ever at anyone. Like, if someone cuts me off in a dangerous way if I honk, they are like: Ellen? [crowd laughs] [crowd laughs and claps] Yeah, that and the dancing. That was a mistake, too. That… Im not a dancer. I just danced as a joke. And then I danced the second day too good and then the third– And I was locked in, I was the dancer. Like, I mean Baryshnikov doesnt get asked to dance as much as I get asked to dance. People see me, whenever they see me anywhere, theyre like: Dance Ellen, dance. And Im like… Im getting a mammogram. I cant move right now. [crowd laughs] How did you get in here, anyway? Yeah, I cant… When Im in traffic, heres the thing. I love to drive and I like to drive fast and Im safe, but I do like to go fast and so slow drivers… irritate me, because theyre going so slow and lets be honest. Its usually a Prius, isnt it? [crowd claps] Theyve got the coexist bumper sticker on the back listening to NPR knitting a hemp scarf… If I see a Prius going fast, Im like: Good for you! I dont know why it is. Whenever we pass someone going slow we have to see what they look like. Were always like… Thats what you look like. I thought so, I thought… [crowd laughs] Theres nothing more embarrassing than when you pass up a slow driver to show them the proper way of driving. You go around them and show them how they should be driving and then you hit a red light. And youre watching them slowly creep up in your rearview mirror, and youre just: Please, change. Please, change. Please, change. And the light doesnt change so they just creep up alongside of you. Im just gonna look down here and touch that. Im gonna see what that is, right there, with that because I have to see this and… No, I know youre next to me but youre still wrong, even though you caught up. And Im gonna do that with my finger for a while because… [crowd laughs and claps] I dont wanna judge. You dont know why someones going slow. You have no idea. Maybe theyre transporting a bowl of soup. I dont know, you know. I really dont like to judge, except for people who say libary. Then I do. Libary… Really? OK. The place with all the words? OK… You know what words not in there? Libary. [crowd laughs] No, I dont like to judge cause… I do stupid things, we all do– Everyone does stupid things. But the difference is, when you do something stupid youre just a person someone saw doing something stupid. When I do something stupid, its a story. I went to a gas station to put gas in my car And theres a group of teenage boys across the way and theyre like… really cool. They were vaping and… And they were like: Its Ellen, oh my God, its Ellen. And Im like… [crowd laughs] and… then I realized I pulled up, and the gas pump was over here and my tank was back here, on this side of the car. Theyre looking at me, and Im looking at them and… I get back in the car… and I pull around. Now, its still on the wrong side… because Ive just pulled around. And theyre still looking at me… And Im like: I dont wanna look like an idiot. So, I just filled up the back seat. I just… [crowd claps] Ill buy a new car, I dont care. [crowd laughs] [claps] I dont have that many childhood memories. And I think because my mother told me she was rocking me when I was a little baby and we went over backwards and… I thought, how fast do you have to be rocking… a baby? How is that soothing for either of us? She said she held my head. I dont think she did. She… And she has no memory either. I think we both hit our heads. Im not sure. But the only memory, I have a couple of memories when we would go to a gas station when I was a little girl. My dad would only get a dollars worth of gas, all the time. Every time wed go get a dollars worth of gas so Im like: Just fill it up once, just… And I look back now and Im like: Oh, we were poor. Thats why. He had… only a dollar. Makes sense now. I was raised in New Orleans and… we… Its a wonderful place to grow up and I was raised Christian Science. That was a religion we were. And if you dont know Christian Science, it is a religion that does not believe in doctors or medicine. So my entire childhood, I never had a vaccination, never had any medicine. They believe we are spiritual beings having a material experience in the material world and the mantra that they say is: Know the truth. And the truth is, there is no pain unless you give it pain with your mind. I was 10 years old. I split my knee open and my bone was exposed. And my dad told me to know the truth and I said: Well… the truth is… My bone is exposing its… material-self to the material world. Help me. And then I passed out. Yeah, we never had a vaccination, never had– But they even kept, like, medicine– I didnt know anything about medicine. Its amazing, we were poor cause we never had medicine. We never bought anything. We shouldve saved a fortune on that. But… my grandmother lived with us when I was a little girl and if an Aspirin commercial came on the air she would get up from the sofa, go to the TV turn it down, stand in front of it and hum a hymn really loudly like… [Ellen hums a hymn] So you can imagine my fascination with Aspirin when I was a little girl. Like… What is Aspirin? What is happening? Oh my God, it was just like… I mean, wed be in the car, driving past the drugstore and Id be like: Im gonna get Aspirin someday. My parents divorced when I was 13. I went through sort of a bad girl phase, I was… on Aspirin. One, two a day. I was like… [crowd laughs] I was on Aspirin a lot. My parents were obsessed with celebrities and so, hi, here I am. Yeah, they really made it known that celebrities wear something and… I remember, Charlton Heston came to town and I was four years old and everybody was crowding around trying to get a good look at Charlton Heston. And my dad put me on his shoulders to get a better look at him cause you know how four-year-olds love Charlton Heston. He was using me as bait, hoping that Charlton would go: Oh, cute little girl. And come over, you know. ‘Cause people do that to me. If Im out somewhere and people have a baby Theyll hold it out towards me like, for me to hold it and Im like: This is cashmere, no. [crowd laughs] [claps] But you know, so then I grew up going: Oh, celebrities! I guess, everybodys like that but like, I mean, I was 16. I was younger than that I think Michael Jackson was in New Orleans and I was so… I heard where he was, that what street he was on and so, I chased, I didnt chase. I was walking, he was walking, he started running, I had to catch up. And… [crowd laughs] So I was excited by celebrities. I was really like, you know, and like I said… Do you wanna finish laughing? I dont wanna stop you. [crowd laughs] Hm. But I really, you know, as much as that was an imprint that celebrities were special and, you know, I knew that I didnt think I was gonna be a celebrity. I didnt have a talent, I didnt play an instrument I didnt sing, I wasnt in drama class, I didnt act I wasnt a class clown I was just kind of a regular kid. And I didnt know what I was gonna do. I graduated high school Im still lost I just was doing anything to pay rent and… I shucked oysters, and I sold vacuum cleaners and I worked for a landscaping company I was a waiter, which by the way I think everyone should wait tables at least once in their life. [crowd cheers] Yep. That and coal mining cause that seems hard, too. But I didnt know what I was gonna do and my life changed when I was 21 years old and my girlfriend at the time was killed in a car accident And I passed the accident., it had just happened. I didnt know it was her cause she was in a different car. I almost stopped but then sirens were right behind me and showing up so I kept going and I found out later it was her. And… so… I had to move out of the… place we were living cause I couldnt afford to live there anymore. I had no job, I had no car, no money. I moved into this tiny basement apartment and you could hardly stand up in it. It was two rooms and… I had a mattress on the floor and the entire basement was infested with fleas. There were fleas everywhere. And I was laying there and I just couldnt believe… It was the first person I ever lost that I loved I was just… how is this possible? This beautiful young girl is gone and fleas are here. I dont understand… what fleas do even. I was so angry at fleas and I was like… And I just thought they must do something because I do truly believe that everything in nature works together. Even if we dont understand it, it does something for something else. And I wanted to understand this. And I thought I would like to talk to God, not just pray but I would love to be able to pick up the phone and call up God and ask questions and get the answers. ‘Cause I used to write all the time. I journaled and I wrote poetry. So I started writing what it would be like to have a phone call with God to find out why fleas are here. and it wasnt meant to be funny. Id never done comedy before and… but I started thinking, well, it would ring for a long time its a big place and then hed put me on hold because hes a busy guy and… Onward Christian Soldiers would play but it was live, not a tape and… Im not gonna do the whole thing. Go back and watch the special but… Anyway, I finished writing it. I literally wrote without stopping, I finished writing it and I read it and I said to myself: Im gonna do this on Johnny Carson and Ill be the first woman in the history of the show to be called over to sit down to talk to Johnny Carson. And… [crowd cheers] [claps] I mean, Im in a basement on a mattress with fleas, never done comedy. I make that statement, six years later, this happens. Thank you very much! [background song playing] -Thats well done! -Thank you. Yeah, thats very clever and very fresh, and.. Well, thats wonderful hearing that from you. No, I mean it, its good material. -Thank you. -How long youve been doing it? [crowd cheers] [claps] That was before I got my new voice. That was my first voice I had and… Sinbad dressed me for that, by the way. That was… I wish that was a joke, but its not. He did. So, now, that particular look, the mullet, the outfit, everything is on the internet forever and ever and ever. Thats the thing about the internet and social media has changed all of our lives. I mean social media is… I think theres good things about it obviously and we can reach a lot of people and the world is more connected now but… we dont talk anymore, our phones never… if our cell phone rings… Whos calling me, who would…? You know, I found, Portia and I, on a Sunday afternoon. Im laying on the sofa, I have my phone. Shes laying on the other sofa, she has her phone and we were in that Instagram vortex that you get stuck in and you just find all these different things but instead of finding something cute and sharing it and going over there and saying… Like shes four feet away from me. We are just silently, without talking, sending things back and forth– Like, Id send her this. [message sent noise] [crowd laughs] And shed send me this. [message received noise] [crowd laughs] Id send her this. [message sent noise] [crowd laughs] She sent me this. [message received noise] [crowd laughs] I send her this. [message sent noise] [crowd laughs] She sends me this. [background song in the video] And then I sent her this. [rap song playing] Yeah, yeah ? Ay, I remember syrup sandwiches and crime allowances ? ? Finesse and nanno with some counterfeits ? ? But now Im countin this ? ? Parmesan where my accountant lives ? ? In fact, Im downin this ? ? DUSSÉ with my boo bae, tastes like– ? Yeah. [crowd claps] If you look up: Birds that dance to music. Youll see, there are so many of them. Birds… it turns out, love music. And you can see they have rhythm. They are on the beat and I was like: Oh my God, thats crazy. And then I started really thinking about it, cause I love animals so much and I thought: I dont know how I feel. Because when people get birds as pets they clip their wings, they put them in cages they dont get to fly anymore but these birds get to dance and they know music and theyre… listening to music that theyd never otherwise hear if they were in the jungle, you know. Because the birds in the jungle have never heard Kendrick Lamar. They dont know who he is. Theyre flying and they think theyve got it all but they dont. Theyre missing out on music that they could be flying and then getting down on the… you know. Im torn, I dont know how I feel. [crowd laughs] Because I feel like animals should be in their natural environment. Thats what they should be doing. They should be wherever theyre supposed to be. I have an issue with all the emotional support animals that people are flying with now. Its just gotten out of hand. There was a woman trying to get on the plane with a peacock the other day. They didnt let her on, thank God, but I mean, not that she doesnt need it. Clearly, shes crazy. You know… [crowd laughs] I dont know what the requirements are to get an emotional support animal but I dont think they are too tough to… Its the same doctor that prescribes medical marijuana. Im pretty sure that, you know… -Doctor, sometimes I worry– -Ive heard enough. Im gonna prescribe you pot and a pet. [crowd laughs] Now when you fly, its like… I mean youre walking down the aisle to your seat, which is you know 10B or whatever it is Its like Noahs Ark. Theres a woman with a ferret theres a man with a mongoose, theres a lady with a donkey. I say 10B, does a plane go back that far? Ive never been back there. [crowd claps] Are there ten rows? Are there ten– I just guessed. I dont know, I just guessed. People… People used to take Xanax when they were stressed out. Now, theyre carrying animals around with them… I… There are so many pills. If you look at the commercials that are on the air, most… every commercial is for some type of medicine, some kind of pill and I dont know if youve noticed it… the medicine commercials… The side effects are so long… that the people on the commercial are running out of activities. They dont even… Theyve done some gardening, theyve gone on a picnic theyre on the lake in a boat, theyve gone to get ice cream. Theyve gotten a pottery class, theyve played frisbee with a dog. Theyre still listing the side effects. Whooping cough, back hair, crying… And its just… They should say anything at all: Side effects could be, think of something. Yep, you could get that for sure. You might not but you might. And then at the end it says: Ask your doctor if Trulicity is right for you. Its like: I dont even know whats wrong with them. They seemed fine, like, I dont know what it is. Maybe its right for– Ive gardened. I dont know if I should get it. Ask your doctor if Trulicity is right for you. Why is that my job? Like… Youre at the doctors office: Ellen, you seem pretty sick. Got your eye on any good medication you want to tell me about? [crowd laughs] Trulicity? I… That could be right for you. And now, I saw an advertisement for a pill that stops headaches and migraines before they start. Thats some good marketing right there, isnt it? -Are you in any pain? -No, not at all. Im gonna give you something for that. But… [crowd claps] -But Im not in any pain– -And you wont be. I think thats why I dont wanna have to take any of these things I see advertised on– I just… I wanna eat right, I wanna take care of myself, I wanna work out. I used to work out a lot. I was working out like six days a week and then I had a sports injury. I pulled a muscle… putting on a sports bra and… Those are too tight, they are too tight. They are. Yeah. [claps] And then when youre sweaty, trying to take them off… Its like… Ive never taken one off. I have 15 on right now. [crowd laughs] First one is from 1984 jazzercise class I took. Thats… I do have an injury thats… kind of a problem for working out now. So I was having pain in my third and fourth toe. If you dont know, one had roast beef and the other had none. [crowd laughs] But… So… Ive had this pain and I went to go see a podiatrist and so he looks at my pods and he said that… He said: You have a neuroma. And I said: You have a neuroma. I said that to him. Hum. But… I said: What do I do about that? He said: Nothing. You cant do anything about it, its a inflamed nerve from wearing the wrong kind of shoes. He said: Do you wear like soft-soled shoes, like tennis shoes? I said: Yes, thats what I wear. He goes: Thats the wrong kind of shoe for you. The best shoe for you to wear… is a cowboy boot. [crowd laughs] Goodbye. [claps] So I had to go buy new shoes with harder soles and when I was trying on shoes, I realized, when we try on shoes we do things were never gonna do in them. We stand up. These are good. These are good. [crowd laughs] [claps] If I have to do that, thats good. These are good, I like these. Thats good. If I have to do that, thatll be good. These are good if I have to do this. Yep, I like these, Im gonna get these. Yep. [claps] When we try on shoes theres a little tiny mirror on the ground. For the shoes to see themselves, cause you cant. What do you guys think, do you like them? [crowd laughs] I cant see. Do you want them? [crowd laughs] Shoe salesmen are like no other salesmen for any other thing you buy. You say: Id like to try those on a size six. They come out with boxes. We didnt have a six but we had a nine and a half. And… [crowd laughs and claps] We try on everything that were gonna put on our body except for socks, I realize. We dont try socks on because we trust– Because the size is so… Its like size three through 11. It really… Its like… Its gonna fit. Its like your childhood, through your adulthood, you wear those things. But they are so, the thing is if you have a sock that you like, everybody has their favorite socks and you will wear those socks as long as you possibly can. Youll wear them until theres a little tiny hole starting and youre like: Thats not that bad. Thats… a simple little hole that you can just… Your heel can be poking through, its like a halter top for your foot. Its like… Little holes everywhere, you think: Whos gonna to see it? Im just gonna keep shoes on, theyre not gonna see that. Then you go to somebodys house and they have a shoes-off policy. [crowd laughs] I gotta get the fuck out of here. [crowd claps] [crowd cheers] We keep things we all keep things that are, you know, I dont like to waste things. I dont like to… waste food. I dont think thats a good thing. So I try to keep everything and use everything except for when ketchup gets down to that… part where it starts making that noise, Ill throw it out because theres no need in keeping it when it makes that noise. Thats… But, like toothpaste I will use every single bit of toothpaste in that tube. I will, yeah. Oh, yeah. And its not about the money. You know that. I mean… [crowd laughs] Its about winning. [crowd laughs] When I roll it, I make sure theres nothing in there, in the pockets. I roll it real tight. Ill take my black American Express card and Ill just squeeze it. Flatten it out. [crowd claps] If I have a gold bar laying around Ill take the gold bar. Yeah, we all have our little quirks. We all have our things that we do, that kind of doesnt make sense. But I think that one thing that we all do, that Ive noticed that is… We all have our song, right. We have the song like: Oh my God, thats my song. And if were at a club and that song comes on you wanna dance but you will not dance until you hit the designated dance floor. Thats what Ive noticed. Only when you hit the dance floor, will you dance. [crowd cheers] [song playing] ? Got birds and Im runnin, yeah, bout a hundred, yeah ? ?Girl, you looks good, wont you back that ass up? ?Youse a fine motherfucker, wont you back that ass up? ?Call me Big Daddy when you back that ass up? ?Hoe, who is you playin wit? Back that ass up? ?Girl, you looks good, wont you back that ass up? ?Youse a fine motherfucker, wont you back that ass up? ?Call me Big Daddy when you back that ass up? ?Hoe, who is you playin wit? Back that ass up? ?Girl, you look good, wont you back that ass up? ?Youse a fine motherfucker, wont you back that ass up? ?You got a stupid ass, yeah, make me laugh, yeah? ?Make a nigga want to grab that, autograph that? ?Im sweatin in the drawers, yeah, hard and long, yeah? [crowd cheers] [claps] But if thats your song when youre 30, its still your song when youre 85. [crowd laughs] ?…with the money, yeah, dont act funny, yeah? ?Got birds and Im runnin, yeah, bout a hundred, yeah? ?Girl, you looks good, wont you back that ass up? ?Youse a fine motherfucker, wont you back that ass up? ?Call me Big Daddy when you back that ass up? ?Hoe, who is you playin wit? Back that ass up? ?Girl, you looks good, wont you back that ass up? ?Youse a fine motherfucker, wont you back that ass up? ?Call me Big Daddy when you back that ass up? ?Girl, who is you playin wit? Back that ass up? ?Girl, you looks good, wont you back that ass up? ?Youse a fine motherfucker, wont you back that ass up? ?You got a stupid ass, yeah, make me laugh, yeah? ?Make a nigga want to grab that, autograph that? ?Im sweatin in the drawers, yeah, hard and long, yeah? ?Want to walk it like a dog, yeah…? ?At the starting of the week? ?At summit talks youll hear them speak? ?Its only Monday? ?Negotiations breaking down? ?See those leaders start to frown? ?Its sword and gun day…? [crowd cheers] [claps] I am 60 years old and Im dancing to Back That Ass Up. [crowd claps] Yes, I turned 60 this year. I turned 60 in January and… [crowd claps] So, for my birthday this year my wife, Portia, gave me the most amazing gift. She established The Ellen DeGeneres Wildlife Fund to save the mountain gorillas. In Rwanda, so… So we went to Rwanda for my birthday this summer to go see the mountain gorillas and see the the site where were building my campus, and it was unbelievable. It was really, really special. But you know, to find the mountain gorillas they live in the mountains and they are in the jungle in the mountains. And… its a jungle out there. Ill tell you that. Its… And it was raining for a long time before we got there like a month before we got there and so it was really muddy and theres like stinging thistles and all kinds of brush everywhere that youve got somebody hacking away with a machete and youre trying to get through and sometimes you had to crawl this far under, were sinking in the mud like, to our knees and… three hours up the mountain at some point, I was like… ?Happy birthday…? [crowd laughs] ?to me? ?Happy birthday…? ?to me.? [gasps] ?Happy birthday…? ?dear Ellen? Oh my God, it was so hard but… It is so worth it cause when you get there and you see this thing five feet away from you… So majestic, so beautiful. [claps] Portia and I took a picture and this guy photobombed us back there. But yet, so you can see like her hair is soaking wet shes got mud on her face and were… So we get down to the bottom and we take a picture with our group that we went with, and you can see the mud where… we had all fallen and sank into the mud. If you wanna see how happy I am, if youll zoom in on my fist there…. [crowd laughs] Yeah. Thats… Thats my Happy Birthday fist right there. Yeah. The thing is, I didnt pack correctly. Thats what was wrong because I packed to go on Safari and I looked good. I went on safari and I looked like I should have been on safari. I didnt have waterproof clothes, I didnt have waterproof shoes I didnt have the right things. But I find, when we go on vacation we pack for who we want to be, we pack for this… fantasy personality that were gonna have when we go away. When were on an island, they dont know we dont wear white linen all the time. Beads in a big floppy hat. Thats who we are, you know. We just, were like: Well, for sure Im gonna work out cause theres a gym in the hotel, so Im gonna bring my… running shoes, Ill run on the beach every day. And then Ill do… yoga on the pier. Ive seen that in the brochure, and… Ill bring a poncho in case theres a bonfire on the beach. Ill wanna have a poncho on. Ill bring a gown in case theres a captain from a boat that I have to have dinner with. [crowd laughs] Ill bring some books, Ill read for sure. Im gonna read. I dont read at home, but Im gonna read there, Ill have a lot of time. Im there three days, Ill bring six books and… Yeah. Cut to you, sitting at a bar, drunk, in the same outfit the entire time. [crowd laughs] [claps] I love that we imagine that were gonna curl up and read a good book. I love that expression. Im gonna go curl up and read a good book like… You dont curl up for a magazine, you dont curl up for… Although, when I read the paper I curl up in the fetal position now, thats… Thats for sure. [crowd claps] But I do love these expressions. Curl up and read a good book or you know, a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush. Did someone have a bird in the hand and said: Theres two in the bush. Yeah, but I got one in the hand so… -But theres two in the bush. -Yes, but I got one in the hand and thats worth two in the bush. -It is? -Yes one in the hand is worth two in the bush. Why do you call it the hand? Its your hand. Why do you say the hand? [crowd laughs] For Petes sake! Who is Pete, and why are we doing everything for his sake? [crowd laughs] Fit as a fiddle. Is that a good shape? I dont know. [crowd claps] My favorite expression is, best thing since sliced bread. Really, Is that the benchmark right there? Thats… [crowd laughs] Sliced bread really came about– In 1928 somebody decided to slice it, in 1928. Thats not that long ago. Bread has been around forever. Jesus broke bread. He didnt even know how to slice it. [crowd laughs] I mean all throughout history, no one sliced it? Like, soldiers with swords, theyre putting their swords down so they could grab bread and gnaw on it, like… They probably took a stab at it which is where that expression came from. They stabbed at it… with their sword. Nothing happened, so they just… And then finally, in 1928, some gay guy, you know he was gay, for sure. I mean… [crowd laughs] I refuse to be a barbarian anymore. Im slicing it. Heathens. He was popular, too. I mean, the fact that he has that, you know, title of sliced bread…. Like he was probably at a party in the 20s. Can you imagine that Thomas Edison is there and the Wright brothers and… Is the guy who sliced the bread here? I heard he was coming to the party. Is he here? I mean, it should be like best thing since… fire, or the wheel, or the ladder. You know… I mean, the ladder, we take that for granted. I know you dont think thats as important but it really is. What did we do before the ladder? We all had to have a tall friend to reach things for us. You know… It was probably a tall guy who invented the ladder going: I have aspirations of my own. I am not gonna… continue to do this the whole time. [claps] The ladder is an adult purchase if you really think about it. You dont buy a ladder when youre a teenager. You buy a ladder when youre an adult. When when you have a house, and the bigger the house the more ladders. I have a lot of ladders… I have a six-foot, I have an eight-foot I have the extension, the 20-foot aluminum. And when I married Portia, she had a little ladder. So I have a step ladder, but I love it just the same, I do. [crowd laughs] [claps] I wrote that at 3 a.m. I thought either this is gonna be the worst joke Ive ever written… or the best. Ive decided, its the best. [crowd cheers] [claps] I think a junk drawer, that also is an adult thing that happens when were adults. We get a junk drawer. If you go home, we all have the same stuff in our junk drawer. We all have– For some reason we wont throw a rubber band away There are tons of rubber bands like 24 rubber bands are in there, like… in case, a bunch of little girls come over for pigtails one day. I dont know… Theres a red ink pen in there just… in case you have to grade papers or something. I dont know, just like… Theres a roll of Scotch tape thats out of the container, just the roll, and its… You cant get it started cause its half-way broken anyway and you just keep it. Theres a AA battery. Does it work? I dont know, I just dont… I put it in there. [claps] Theres a key and you dont know what its to. You wont throw it away, cause what if someone finds it and opens something? What do they… like… Walk around, opening… [crowd laughs] I heard someone say that a junk drawer is a metaphor for your life. Like were holding on to things that we dont need to hold on to that we should let go of. I dont know if thats true. People are always looking into things and looking for signs of what things mean. I dont know, I… For a while there, I was… Every time I looked at the clock it was 11:11 and every time, and I started wondering, like, what does this mean? And for me it was a dead battery, but… [crowd laughs] [claps] We all have people, that we know, that look into signs way too much. You know, theyll be like: I dont know if I should be in this relationship. Theres a squirrel. Squirrels live in trees. Trees have leaves. I should leave him. [crowd laughs] I think were all looking for signs because were all looking for validation that were on the right path. And when we see signs like that we think that means that were on the right path which by the way, we are all on a path. Were all on our own individual path. Nobody should be on anybody elses path. We should be on our own path. [crowd claps] Unless youre lost in the woods and you see a path. Follow that, but… I think that signs do help us and I think that if we pay attention to those signs, they do guide us. And some signs are easier… to spot than others. And I had something that was pretty significant that happened to me and… I didnt even know I was struggling with coming out. I mean, whenever youre closeted, youre always thinking about it. Its on your mind cause youre worried that someones gonna find out. Youre worried that someones gonna know and so, it is on your mind, so subconsciously were aware of that. But I didnt realize that until I had this dream. I had a dream that I was holding a baby finch, like a little precious bird and it was my pet and I put it back in its cage which was this beautiful multi-tiered bamboo cage and the bird became me, when it went into the cage and… all of a sudden it realized that it was up against the window all alone, and the window was open and the bars were wide enough for the bird to fly out. And it had been the whole time. And I looked at the bird and I said: Dont leave, youre safe in here. And the bird looked at me and said: I dont belong in here. And flew out. And the next morning, I woke up and I said: Im coming out. [crowd cheers] [claps] And… before I had that dream I didnt realize I was in a cage. I had no idea I was in a cage. I had a great life. I had a successful sitcom. I had fame, I had money, I had everything that I thought… that was important. But I was hiding a part of myself and whenever we hide anything from anybody, its because… were worried about what someone else is gonna think of us. And, even though… I knew that was gonna be difficult. I had gotten to the point where it was more important for me to feel proud of who I was and live my truth than worry about what other people thought of me. [crowd claps] And… [claps] And that time, after I came out, was… really one of the hardest periods of my life, it was. But it was the best part of my journey. Because it is when I realized how strong I was. Its when I learned compassion. Its when I learned that the truth will always win. And… Thats when you grow. Like everyone has a fear everyones scared of something. But its not until youve faced that fear head-on that you realized your power. And thats when you grow and thats what we all want. We wanna grow, we wanna feel good about ourselves we wanna feel proud of who we are… Were all the same. So, whether your bathmat scoot is 50 scoots to get to the towel or three scoots to get to the towel… Whether youre gay, or have dry eye… [crowd laughs] We are all the same… and we are all… relatable. Thank you. [crowd cheers] [claps] [crowd cheers] [song playing in the background] Thank you so much.

PETE HOLMES@DIRTY CLEAN@2018@(crowd murmurs) Announcer: Ladies and gentlemen, Pete Holmes! (crowd cheering) Hello, everybody! Hows it going? Thank you so much! Sit down! Have a seat! Thank you! (audience cheers) Thank you very, very much. Thank you, guys! Look at you! (scattered cheering) (audience laughs) Were here! -(more cheers) -You– yeah! You made it! Im proud of you! Were doing something! (laughter) (laughter) You– I mean it. (laughter) This is sincere. You left the house? (laughter) Thats no small feat! You know how hard it is to leave– I think you do! (laughter) Its fucking hard to leave the house. You should be proud you left the– you know… Whats in the house? Fucking everything. (laughter) Fucking everything is in the house. All your food, oooh, your little snacks. (laughter) The long chair you call a couch. Ooooh, so comfy! (laughter) -Climate control. -(laughter) You can close the door. Theres that click. Hear that click, get a nice seal on your perimeter. -(laughter) -Thats a good feeling. You close the door, and your lizard brain hears the click. Its like, Lets remain here. (laughter) Stay here forever. Not you guys! Youre like, Fuck it, were going into the dark night. (laughter) Well find parking. Well make it work! (laughter) Youre like Dora the goddamn Explorer-ers! I am impressed! Im honored! What did you pass up in your homes? Any movie? (laughter) You guys said no to any movie… (laughter) to come to this, to roll the dice on live entertainment. (laughter and cheers) Yeah, sure… (more cheers) I agree. And it could go either way. (laughter) So glad. I– really what I was about to say… (laughing) Im so glad this is going well. (cheers) I know, its weird. (applause) We all– we all want it to be good. You know what I mean? Were all in the same boat. Im being filmed, youre being filmed, too. Some of you were like, Ahhhhhh! And theres– (laughter) Theres a camera right next to you, youre like, How do I laugh normal? (laughter) (unnatural laughing) Ha ha haaaa– oh no! (Pete screams) Dont be nervous. Its gonna be fine. I dressed up– this is dressed up for me. Some comedians wear suits for their specials, this is a suit for me. A hard pant. I dont wanna be wearing these hard pants. What the fuck am I doing in these hard, non-giving pants? All day before I changed for the show, (laughing) I was head-to-toe Lululemon, okay? (laughter) Its true! All day, I was rockin the dream. I was wearing head-to-toe Lululemon. If you dont know what Lululemon is… youre a good person. (laughter) Lululemon is high-end yoga-wear for assholes who dont do yoga. (laughter) And I am one of them. I am one of those assholes. I like it, I love it. My guy friends give me shit. They tease me for wearing– for wearing Lulu. Theyre like, Theres a mens section? Im like, Yeah, you gotta look for it. (laughter) It moves around. You can find it. (laughter) I like it. They think women dont like a guy in a Lulu. I disagree… I think women like a guy in a Lulu. ‘Cause if I go up to a woman wearing Lululemon, it does all the work for me. Before I even say anything, it non-verbally transmits just, Hey… relax. (laughter) Nothing bad is about to happen to you. (laughter) No one has ever gone up to a cop like, He went that way! Hes wearing Lululemon! (laughter) Go now! Hes fast and nimble! He can move and bend in ways your uniform does not allow! (laughter) Thats never happened. Mike Pence looks like a clear gummy bear– is that… (laughter and cheers) Is that anything? (laughter) He looks like a clear– he looks like a clear gummy bear that, like, kind of got his shit together. You know what I mean? He bought a suit, like a human suit… He learned how to tie a tie with his unformed gummy hands, like… (laughter) He rehearsed in the mirror at home like, Hello. (laughter) Hello, Mr. President. (laughter) Look at him go! That fucking piña colada gummy bear got all the way to the Oval Office. (laughter) Like, hes a bad guy, but thats impressive for a candy. (laughter) Please dont leave me in a hot car. (laughter) Like, Mike Pence has said he doesnt wanna be left in a room alone with a woman thats not his wife. I dont think thats sexual. (laughing) I think hes too delicious. (laughter) (cheers and applause) If you laughed at that, youre gonna love this show. Youre gonna– you picked the right night. You picked the right night. (Pete sighs) My wife and I– this is exciting, uh, we just had a baby, so we have that. (cheers and applause) Thank you very much. Im so glad that you guys are baby positive. The babys only about a month old. -But when I started doing sets– -Man: Whoo! I know, its crazy! She just got here! Where was she? (laughter) I was sleeping next to my wife, and consciousness flipped on in her belly, just, bink, its here now and its my responsibility. Its insane! But you guys are positive. -Ive been talking about the baby on stage. -(woman cheers) Right when it was born– she was born, I was like, We just had a baby. Someone in the audience just like you guys went, Yeah, your lifes over. (laughter) Bye-bye, life! Bye-bye, life! Your life, thats over! Your life is over! (laughter) And I was like, Yeah, I dont fucking care. I had a good run. I had 39 uninterrupted years of just like, You guys eaten cheese? Like, lets fucking… (laughter) -Lets mix this up. -(cheers) I cant be forty like, Im really looking forward to the new Joker movie. Like, lets get some new people in here. (laughter) Its not that bad. People all warn you that you dont sleep. You sleep, you just sleep different. You sleep in bursts. Sleep for, like, three hours, and youre up for an hour, sleep for two hours, and youre up for an hour. Its fine. Cause the best part of sleep… is falling asleep. (laughter) Its the only part youre there for. (laughter) Its the only part youre there for. The rest is just a coma. When you say you love sleep, you mean that moment where youre waiting and youre like, Oh, here we go! -Like that… -(laughter) Thats what you mean. When you cascade into the caramel waterfall, and its a surprise every time, like, Oh, its got me! (laughter) Where youre the spoonful of sugar and you get swirled into the glass of ice tea that is slumber and youre like, Im going away! That is the best part of sleep. Its the only good part of sleep. And because I have a baby now, I get to do this 22 times a night. (laughter) Its the best! (cheers and applause) I was getting up to pee anyway. (laughter) Its funny when you go to the hospital, you have the baby, they give you a baby. (laughter) They give you your baby. I knew it was my baby. My baby looks so much like me, it feels impolite. (laughter) Like, its not supposed to be– It came out, it was embarrassing. I was like, Oh shit. Its me. Like, thats not… Its like my genes are assholes. Theyre bully genes. They got in the mix and my genes were just like, We know what to do! (laughter) This guys nose… this guys lips… this guys labia. Its my baby. (laughter) Its embarrassing. (laughter) Youre supposed to go 50/50 with your wife. Youre supposed to puff-puff-pass the baby… (laughter) and I bogarted the baby. (laughter) So they gave me the baby and I was like, Face match I.D., a hundred percent. (laughter) But before you leave the hospital, they all say the same thing– the parents will know. They all give you the same advice, every single nurse, theres like twenty nurses. They all told us, they go, Hey… Never shake a baby. (laughter) Over and over, another nurse. Really, really… Hey, listen up. Dont shake a baby. Theres posters that say, Never… ever… shake a baby. Val and I were like, What the fuck? Who would shake a baby? Were, like, in love with this little baby. What they dont tell you… is youre gonna want to shake that baby. (laughter) Ooooo, youre gonna want to shake the shit out of that baby. (laughter) You are gonna be tempted as fuck to shake, like a goddamn Etch-A-Sketch, or a hysterical woman in an office in the 60s, like, Goddamn it, Diane! But you want to shake the baby. (laughter) I wish I knew. Its not like its out of nowhere. Its not like youre having a quiet night at home and the babys in the crib and youre like, Oh, I got an idea. (laughter) Its not that. They tell you, when the baby cries, rock the baby. They tell you, swing the baby. This is code… for kind of shake your baby. (laughter) So the baby starts crying a little bit, you shake it a little bit, and it works. Then it starts crying a lot, turns bright red, its screaming in your face, and youre like, Wha–? (laughter) It stands to reason. (laughter) You want to. (laughter) The logic tracks. But you cant. ‘Cause you guys know– Im sure some of you know. You know what happens, what the disease is called if you shake a baby? (audience speaking indistinctly) Shaken– yes. Shaken… Baby… Syndrome. Thats the name of the disease. It might as well be called, Dad Lost It. (laughter) The disease includes what happened. Its like a shame disease. Its like a scarlet letter name for a disease. Its made to dissuade you from doing it. ‘Cause you cant be casual. You can be casual about other diseases. You can be like, Yeah, I gotta go home. My babys got a little bit of jaundice. Its not a big deal, shes just working through some jaundice. You cant be– you cant be like you, We got to go home… (laughter) My babys got… Shaken Baby Syndrome. (laughter) Yeah, I dont know what happened. (laughter) Its going around, its going around. She caught it. Its in the air, its in the air. Everyone knows some shit went down. You cant– theres no excuse. You cant be like, Yeah, we went off-roading. Umm… I told her to buckle up, but shes a little Guy Fieri. She doesnt give a fuck. -(laughter) She got tossed and tousled, shes fucked up now. -I have no idea. -(laughter) Cant be like, I put her on my cell phone, it was on vibrate, got a few calls, shes different now. (laughter) I havent– Ive never shaken the baby. You dont shake the baby. You want to. (laughter) I wish someone told me. Im like, Am I a monster? No, its everybody. (laughter) I love having a baby, Baby Lilo. I love her. Shes amazing. And its not that hard. Getting a dog— I never had a dog my whole life. Getting a dog, honestly, was more confusing than getting a baby– getting a baby. We got a baby. (laughter) Honestly, getting a dog was different, cause a fucking dog– its not even your species. Its just a wild animal you were like, You wanna– you wanna be in here? (laughter) Hey, you, eating the pigeon bones… You wanna be in here? (laughter) Like your baby– when your baby cries, its a human. I have a human baby. When it cries, you have a guess. Youre like, Its probably hungry. Its hot, or its cold, has gas. These are the problems that I have. (laughter) So youre like, I got it. I have no idea what my dog wants. My best guess? Never-ending eye contact? (laughter) Im trying to watch Great British Bake Off, hes just down there, just like, Hey, Dad. (laughter) Over here. What the fuck do you want? I dont know what he wants. I was raised with cats, and you can kind of tell. (laughter) You can kind of tell I was raised with cats. Thats the worst heckle you can give me, is laughing at that. (laughter) You can tell I was raised with cats because the command I most often give my dog is, Go live your life. (laughter) I dont know what he wants. Theyre– theyre needy, I just didnt know how needy a dog is. Ive been out of the house for two days. If my dog had a cell phone, Id have 4,022 missed calls. 4,022 texts… of the bone emoji and the walk emoji. (laughter) Hed be face-timing me right now just like, Look in these baby-browns, Dad. Look in these goddamn baby-browns. You look for your cat, you hide from your dog. Does that make sense? (laughter) You dont know where your fucking cat is. Like, people say cats are evil, and they are… But theyre also all set. You know what I mean? Theyre fine. Theyre off learning to fucking meditate or some shit. Theyre rolling their own cigarettes. (laughter) When I left the house, with my dog I had to, like, toss a tuna steak and do a barrel-roll out the window, just so he wouldnt be like, Is this forever? (laughter) But if you have a cat and you see your cat, youre excited, youre like– its like a B-list celebrity sighting. (laughter) Its like seeing John Stamos napping in a sunbeam in your kitchen. (laughter) Like, Oh, my God! We have a cat? Scoop it up, I knew I wasnt crazy! You take pictures with the cat, selfies with the cat, prove you have a cat. Put the cat down, hes like, Dont tag me. Dont tag me. (laughter) Im being real with you, I dont know how smart animals are. I know there are different levels, right? There are different levels of smartness? Like my neighbor, he has two dogs. He was telling me that he has a big dog and he has a little dog, and when he goes out of town, he has to tape newspaper to the reflective glass of his fireplace. Otherwise– listen to this, the little dog will see his reflection and think theres a second little dog stuck in the place that hes only ever seen burst into flames. (laughter) So hes just like, Heyyyyy! Hey!… Hey!… Hey! Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey! I aint goin nowhere, brother! (laughter) ‘Cause hes a goddamn hero. (laughter) But when my neighbor told me that his little dog doesnt understand reflections, all I heard was… the big dog does? (laughter) Like, Im a human being, I dont understand reflections. Youre telling me a slightly larger dog is like… I get it. (laughter) That aint me. Im me, that looks like me. I know what I look like, but thats a trick of the eye. (laughter) Life… (scoffs) Its a mystery. Its a particle and a wave. Its both. Some of the particles go through the glass, thats why we can see whats illuminated inside the fireplace. But then a rather arbitrary amount bounce back and frame me in light. (scoffing) I love science. (laughter and applause) I love science. I love it. I love science and licking my own asshole. (enthusiastic dog gibberish) I got married this year, too. Big year, baby and married. (cheers and applause) Thank you. Sweet Lady Val. Im glad you guys are pro-baby. Im glad youre pro-marriage. A lot of my friends in L.A., anti-marriage. Showbiz town, nobody gets married. Ive noticed that the same group, though, that is anti-marriage, theyre all pro-tattoo. (laughter) Its the same group. They come up to me and theyre just like, I dont know, man. I dont know how you can make a commitment of that magnitude. (laughter) Im like, You have the word ‘sublime on your neck. (laughter) Every job interview you go on, theyre gonna be looking at that old-English ‘sublime, and theyre gonna be thinking, ? Uhh, caress me down ? Like that? (laughter) Thats a commitment. My wife is amazing. Shes smart, shes funny, shes my best friend, shes got big ol titties. So, yeah… (laughter and cheers) Now, she loves this joke. Dont worry, she loves this joke. (laughter) She got– you got big ol titties, and I wanna talk about it. (laughter) Im tired of not talking about it. My wife has big boobs. You know why? ‘Cause I dont give up on my goddamn childhood dreams. (cheers and applause) Im not a quitter. Eight-year-old me… Eight-year-old me fucking loves me. When I was eight, all I wanted was a girlfriend with big boobs and a race car bed, and I am halfway there. (laughter) Big boobs are interesting. I feel for her, cause she cant really hide em. She can cover em up, but everybody knows. Theyre there. Its like throwing a tarp over a porch of a house. (laughter) No one looks at the house like, Look at that house that doesnt have a porch. (laughter) You can still see the shape and the size. Youre like, That house has some big-ass porches. Like, you know. I feel bad, like, you can hide a big ol dick. (laughter) No one has to know. You can send it down one leg. You can curl it up like a Cinnabon. (laughter) Its a reveal. On the big night, its a reveal. Youre like, Yeaaahhhhhh! (laughter) Thats why Im so confident! -Like… -(laughter) With big boobs, everyone can tell. Everyone can tell, which can be awkward sometimes. Like, she had to meet my parents. What do you do? (laughter) You just have to own it. Youre just like, Mom, Dad, as you can see… (laughter) This is what your son is into. (laughter) (blubbering) (laughter) Mom, you remember. (laughing) Its weird whenever you meet somebodys significant other. Its a little too much info. You know what Im talking about? Especially if you dont know them, and theyre just like, This is Tina. Like, I dont wanna see that shit. (laughter) I dont wanna see the manifestation of the recesses of your sexual subconscious. Youre just like, Yeah, this is what makes me rock hard. (laughter) Fucking beat it, Dan. Were in a Chipotle, keep that shit to yourself. Im like, What did Vals parents do to her that this is what she wants? (laughter) Like, that she wants this ogre Lithuanian thats like, Whats going on, you guys? (laughter) We got engaged– some of you might know this story. We got engaged in a hot air balloon, cause Im not fucking around. She mentioned when we were dating that she always wanted to go in a hot air balloon, so I wrote it down. Then four years later, I was like, Its time to get married. I want to get married. Lets go hot air balloon. She knew. She knew what was up. It wasnt a surprise. You know, she knew we were gonna get engaged. You cant just roll up to a hot air balloon… (laughter) wearing your one sport coat. (laughter) Just like, Weve been dating for four years. Would you like to hover in a basket for no reason? (laughter) Would you like to be adrift airborne for no reason whatsoever? She knew. Shes not a dummy. In fact, if she had been surprised, I might have called it off. -Like, if… -(laughter) But I didnt think it through. The– the baskets fucking tiny. Its the size of, like, four pizza boxes. So when I got in, its already pretty much full. And then I was like, Thisll be fine, Val. Well get in. Itll be a romantic day. What I didnt consider is theres another– (laughter) theres another fucking guy. (laughter) Of course, theres another guy to fly the balloon. And he gets in and hes right here. I can feel the tickle of this strangers whiskers, just like… I can feel the heat of his breath, and hes just– he was like a mans man. Hes like a Ben Affleck character. Hes wearing like a Carhartt jacket with scuffs on and hes watching you. Hes just like, (chewing gum sound) (hot air balloon torch sound) (laughter) He was kind of ruining the day. He kept calling everything gay. (audience exclaims) I know! Biggest day of my life, hes up there just like, Thats Janet Jacksons ranch down there… fucking gay. (balloon torch sound) (balloon torch sound) I used to work at that deli. They fired me. Huh, fucking gay. (balloon torch noise) I was like, Sir, You pilot a balloon. (laughter and applause) You pilot a rainbow-colored balloon, soaring majestic over the Wine Country of Santa Barbara. Maybe cool it on the ‘gays. (laughter) But it was enough. It was enough to shake me. Hes right here. I was planning to be very flowery, I was gonna be like, Val, ever since I first saw you, I knew… You are like the sun, and the moon, and the sky. But I got this fucking– (laughter) You gonna do it? (laughter) So I got nervous– this is a hundred percent real. I took the ring out. Val acted surprised, Oooo! Nice girl. But I froze up. I just went, Val… (laughter) I would be honored to call you my wife. (laughter) Thats all I said. -(laughter) -I blew it! I didnt propose. Youre supposed to propose. Youre supposed to say, Will you marry me? I just went, It would be great. (laughter) Lets get the law involved. (laughter and applause) I didnt give her anything to respond to. Its like we were playing tennis, but she didnt have a racket. I was just like, pop, and she was like… (laughter) But shes good. She said yes. Even though I didnt say anything, she went, Yeah! I put the ring on. Im wondering what fucking Afflecks gonna say. I dont want him to judge me. I dont want him to be like, Yeah, Man marrying a woman? Thats fucking gay! -(balloon torch sound) -(laughter) Thats not what he said. This is a hundred percent real, this is true. Its dead quiet in the balloon. I just proposed, she said yes. I didnt propose, but she said yes. Whats the guy gonna say? Hundred percent real. He does two celebratory toots of the flame… (torch sounds) This is a hundred percent real, he goes, A lot of girls up here… they say no. (laughter) As if that wasnt bad enough, then he adds, One girl said yes in the basket, when we landed said no. (laughter) Clever girl. (laughter) Clever girl? Dont Jurassic Park my engagement story. -(indistinct) -(laughter) Did you know the movie Three Amigos was released in Spanish-speaking countries as  Tres Friends? (laughter) What else can I tell ya? Im older. I like traffic. Im being real with you, I dont mind traffic. Im not just doing material that fits my friendly face. (laughter) You can imagine being in traffic and just look at me being all like… (laughter) But I mean it, I dont mind traffic. Is this a traffic city? (cheers and confirmations) Eh, who cares? (laughter) Whats the big deal? Just sit there. Nothing is being asked of you, just fucking remain. (laughter) Surrender… (Pete laughing) Surrender and remain. I know Im in the minority. I always look to my left, theres always a guy in a white BMW thats like, God fucking dammit! A vein in his neck like a white chocolate Snickers bar. (screaming) (laughter) Like, where are you going? Seriously, where are you headed? You stupid bitch… Where are you going? (laughter and applause) Seriously, what is so important? Youre just like… (screams) Ill be happy when Im at work! (laughter) Be happy now. Enjoy everything. Really… thats why I dont use Waze. You guys know what Waze is? Waze is the app that uses crowd-sourced info to get you around traffic. I know a lot of you probably like Waze. Does anybody here hate Waze? (scattered cheers) Fuck Waze. (laughter) I only need a few of you. Fuck Waze. Listen to me. Its not the way of the soul. (laughter) Its all head, its no heart. Do you know what I mean? It just sucks you in, and youre just like, Traffic? Ha! Well see about that. (laughter) Right, left, right, left. Left, left, left. Right, right, left. Right, left, right. Im a special boy! (laughter) Just fucking give up, you stupid bitch. Give up! I dont need– I dont need to save five minutes careening through gated communities. (laughter) We dont belong on those roads. Apple Orchard Lane? Get out of there! And even if you like– Even if you like it, I think we can agree there should be a medium setting. (laughter) Why am I thinking of this? Im not an app developer. There should be a medium. Theres no medium. Its either off or Indiana Jones. Thats all you got. Its either radio silence, or it thinks youre rushing a kidney to the Obama family. (laughter) But I say fuck it. I mean this. Give up. Surrender. Just get on the freeway with the rest of us. Long, slow, straight. Good. Tune out, listen to music. Why are you so afraid of being alone? Just be with yourself. Call an old friend, keep a friendship alive. Listen to a podcast. My friends all get there– I feel you pulling away. I– my… (laughter) Thats okay. My friends all use Waze, they get to the office five minutes before me. You can tell they use Waze, cause theyre white as a sheet. Their eyes are bugging out of their head from making those suicide lefts onto five oncoming lanes of traffic, just like, (screams) (screaming) This is a shortcut! (laughter) You can be five minutes early, Ill be ten minutes late and tell everyone what I learned on This American Life. Thats a better way. Its a better way. (cheers and applause) What Im saying is enjoy everything. This is all we have. Or maybe its not, I dont know. I wont make fun of your answers, does anybody here– clap if you believe in an afterlife. (applause) Clap if you dont believe in it, but youre open to it. -(applause) -You dont think theres evidence, -but youre open to it. -(applause) Anybody reincarnation? Reincarnation? (scattered clapping) And who thinks its just dead over, you just unplug the TV, boom? (applause) I think youre all right. (laughter) I think those are all correct answers. What I think is funny about it, though, is all my friends think its dead over. They just think you unplug the TV, and its lights out. And they all say the same thing to me. Theyre just like, Pete, think about it. Afterlife? Makes no sense. Makes no sense, an afterlife. You think an afterlife makes sense? You gotta think about that again, cause an afterlife… (laughter) Afterlife makes no sense. And Im always like, Yeah, I agree with you. You know what else makes no sense? Fucking this. (laughter) Life makes no fucking sense. So I would argue that life sets a precedent for potentially more shit that makes no sense. Does that make sense? -(cheers and applause) -But my friends… -Why not? -(applause) But my friends are all like, Nah, man, theres this bullshit that we all woke up in thats confusing, that none of us asked for. (laughter) And then no more bullshit. Its a one-time bullshit deal. What? Nothing makes fucking sense. Life makes no sense. Youre on a planet right now. You think youre in America? Zoom out. (laughter) Youre on a space rock floating in nothingness, infinite nothingness. And the infinite nothingness is expanding. That means endlessness is getting bigger. That makes no fucking sense. (laughter and applause) We all just act like its normal. Like, Oh, were– everythings made of molecules. Okay… (laughter) Got it. Ill never think about that again. Im made of molecules, youre made of molecules. The air between us, its all made of molecules. That makes no fucking sense. These molecules know theyre molecules? These molecules are like, Im Pete. That doesnt make any sense. (laughter) This stool is made of molecules, the same molecules in my hand. In fact, some of the molecules in this stool went into me while Ive been talking, and some that were me have gone into this stool. And you when I knock these molecules into these molecules, when we ask science, Why dont they go through each other? You know what the answer is? We dont know. (laughter) That doesnt make any fucking sense. Im open to anything. If I died– listen to me. If I died and it was just kitty cat Thanksgiving, Id be like, Yeah, okay. Makes about as much sense as the fucking conundrum I was just stuck in. Pass the gravy. (laughter) Im not saying its for sure, Im just saying its worth debating. It makes me wonder, like… I wonder, as a thought experiment, if we were somewhere before we were here, if we were just mist. Like each of you didnt have a body, you were just mist, you were just awareness. If we were all just hanging out in some sort of primordial area, just debating the existence of life. Just like, You believe in life? (laughter) Get real! (laughter) You think theres hot dogs and roller skates? Youre a child! (laughter) Didnt you go to college? Dont get me wrong, nothing is absolutely one of the choices. Absolutely, I see that for sure, and Im not afraid of nothing. Im not afraid of nothing. (laughter) Who fucking cares? Its nothing. If youre nothing, people be like, I dont wanna be nothing. Who fu– you wont be there! Just jump off the high dive into soft, dark soil and youre like, Bye-bye, Pete, like, fine. (laughter) I just dont wanna go to Hell. (laughing) Theres no Hell! (laughter and applause) Be reasonable, theres no fucking Hell! (screaming) (laughter) Dont wanna be wrong about that one. (laughter) If there is a Hell, I dont think the worst part will be the torture. I think the worst part would be that we dont get breaks to talk about the torture. (laughter) I think thats what would make it Hell. Like if they would blow a whistle every twenty minutes, and we all just gather in a common area and drink boiling water. Just like, What are they doing to you? Ill say, Oh, yeah, Im in a room with millions of little crabs. (laughter) Its like tiny little crabs and theyre eating me real slow. And theyre like, Oh, yeah. With the little nibbles? Yeah! Yeah! The little nibbles! (laughter) What are they doing to you? Oh, Im getting fucked by a donkey. (laughter) Yeah, theyre running out of ideas down here. Its been a while, were falling in love. (laughter) I think– I think that might be my heaven. Like suffering, then talking about it, suffering, then talking about it. Like what were doing here. You know what Im saying? (laughter and applause) What if the last words of the bible were You had to be there. What if that– (laughter) Get to the end, its like, It really wouldve made more sense if you saw this. (laughter) One of my career goals is to open a Christian buffet called God Helps Those That Help Themselves. (laughter) Oh, lets do this. This is something I want to do. On the count of three… Dont say anything, dont say anything. But just check if you have to pee. All of us are gonna do it. At the same time, were all gonna check. Dont say anything. 3… 2… 1… Check if you have to pee. (laughter) What was that? (laughter) Im serious, what did you just do? Lets just do it again, especially if you didnt do it the first time, 3-2-1… Check if you have to pee. What? (laughter) Like, what action did you just command? Youre like, Okay, go down. Uh, send something down. (laughter) Like, most of the time, youre up here. Like, who you are is behind your eyes, and you just sort of puppeteer your body. You know, youre just kind of dangling down there like a marionette, and youre like, Get that Diet Coke. Send the arm. (laughter) -Give it to us. -(chugging noises) (laughter) But every once in a while when you check if you have to pee, you send a little piece of you repelling down on a reconnaissance mission to your dick or your pussy, and youre just like… (laughter) 30%. Id say like twenty more minutes. (laughter) Like, Im so tired of not talking about this. Your brain is weird. Your brain has eyes. Like, you have eyes, but your brain also has eyes that sees things that only you can see. Like, picture an orange. Keep your eyes open but picture an orange. The fuck? (laughter) Like, really do it, keep em open, but think really hard about an orange. What the shit? Just for a second, bink! Just a giant orange. I dont know how big yours was, mine was giant. Just a giant translucent orange that only you can see. God, I hope youre stoned. (laughter) God, I hope youre stoned. But why do you have to be stoned for this to be interesting? Like, your brain has ears. Seriously, it has ears. You have ears, your brain also has ears. Sing Happy Birthday in your head; well all do it. Everybody sing Happy Birthday in your head right now. (laughter) How are you hearing that? Im serious, what the fuck is going on? Its so normal. Were just like, Yeah, I could hear it. No one else could hear it. I could hear it. Theres just a part of you listening, like, Yeah, Happy Birthday. (laughter) Whats going on? Make it louder. Lets sing it again, but make it as loud as you possibly can. Ready? Go. (laughter) Was it louder? Clap if you think it was louder. (applause) Clap if it wasnt louder, the voice was just going, (shouting) Happy Birthday… (applause) Okay, so you cant make it louder? So theres just a set volume for your thoughts? How do you know your set volume is the same as my set volume? Maybe some people its louder, maybe thats what crazy people are. Theyre not crazy, they just have a fucked up volume. Theyre walking around and theyre just like, Buy a hammer. All right! (laughter) Kill that pigeon, its your dad. Okay! (laughter) With the hammer? Yes. Ohhhhh! (laughter) I was having lunch with a friend of mine. Hes black. I tell you hes black for a reason, because during the lunch he kept saying the N word. Said it like thirty times. He didnt say the word, he kept saying, the N word. I was like, Uh, hey… Thats our phrase. (laughter) Oooo, some of you are sitting that one out, I can see that. Theres a pheromone that white people release when theyre not sure if they can laugh at a joke. Theyre like, I heard the words necessary to make a racist joke, Im gonna take a pause here. Well laugh in the Audi. Itll be fine, itll be fine. (laughter) I think its interesting, though, theres some races– Its 2018, theres still some races its totally fine to be racist towards. I dont mean like hate speech. I mean like casual, socially-acceptable racism, like towards Italians. Why is that okay? You all know what Im talking about. I can be with my Italian friends, its totally fine for me to be like, You guys want to, uh– you want to get a… (imitating Italian accent) Pizza pie? (laughter) (normal voice) What the fuck? Why is that okay? (Italian accent) Oh, linguine with clams! (normal voice) I know a lot of you are Italian. Im not Italian. (Italian accent) Oh, molto bene ! (normal voice) No ones gonna tweet about this. This is not a controversy, its fine. Its in our video games. (Italian accent) Itsa me, Mario. (laughter) (normal voice) ‘Itsa me? ‘Itsa me, just an impression of an immigrant struggling with the language. (laughter) (Italian accent) Ima Luigi, Ima gonna win-a. (normal voice) Dont tease him, hes new here. (laughter) Help him find the bus, help him find work. Why is that okay? Its like a weird blind spot. You cant say, ‘herrow. (laughter) I agree, why is it fine to be like, Oh, Giuseppe? Like, its crazy… Theyre gonna make a Mad Men type show about this time that were in now, and were all gonna watch and be like, Huh… Things were different! Like, its not– its now. Things are different now. Were living through a weird fucking time right now. Ohhhhhhh! Enjoy it. Three more years. (laughter) We are living in the future. Well, now we are– now. Now. Now is the future– now. Nows the future. Now. You know what I think is fucking crazy about living now? Elon Musk, you know, the crazy billionaire dude, invented the self-driving car. Its crazy, this isnt something theyre working on, they made it. They have a self-driving car now. What I think is funny about that is it doesnt matter how fancy an invention Elon Musk makes, hes still just one of these. Does that make sense? Like hes still– hes stuck in one of these meat puppets. Just like you and me, just like a baboon, hes just a guy just going around. Theres some things you cant upgrade… is my point. Like, hes working on impossible math to make a self-driving car, but when he gets hungry theres no technology. He just goes, Oh, theres a rumble in my jumble. Like, he just feels– (laughter) Just like you and me, just goes, Oh, I gotta eat! Then he gets a plate. Thats the height of technology, a plate. Just a level surface for his food with a piece of salmon on it, and he wants that salmon in him. Its too big, so he gets a fork and a knife. Thats the height of the technology. And he cuts it into a mouth-sized piece and he goes, Thats about right. Its too hot, so he goes… (blowing noises) He cant upgrade this. He just has to go… (blowing noises) Mouth-wind activate. (blowing noises) And he puts it in his mouth and he gnaws it. (gnawing sounds) He swallows it like a fucking pelican, cause thats the best he can do. (gulping noises) You understand? He cant upgrade this. Like when he has to shit, he doesnt have a contact lens that goes like, Elon, shit detected. (laughter) He just feels it like you and me. He just goes, Oh, thats not gas. (grunting as Elon Musk) I feel shame. (laughter) I feel shame and I want to be alone. (laughter) So he makes an excuse with his egghead friends. Hes like, Oh, I have to make a phone call. But no, he doesnt. He has to go in a little room and squat on a bowl thats filled with water. Thats the best we can do. That is the height of the technology. Is a bowl filled with water, and he squats like an ostrich in the Serengeti and he bears down. He goes, Elon, push… (grunting) Dont you back away from me right now, this is what he fucking does. He pushes and he hears, Plop, plop, plop. And thats how he knows progress is being made. (laughter) And then when he thinks hes done, and hes not always right… (laughter) When he thinks hes done, he gets paper. Thats the best we have, paper. You know, from ancient Egypt. And he wipes his shitty ass and then he looks at it. (laughter and applause) Dont you fucking pull away from me. Everyone in this room knows theres no better method than the wipe and the look. The old wipe and look. He goes wipe, wipe, wipe, and then he goes, Oh, I got some work ahead of me. (laughter) He goes wipe, wipe, wipe, Getting there. Wipe, wipe, wipe, Clean but I dont trust it. Wipe, wipe, wipe, Good thing I didnt stop while I was ahead. (laughter) And then he gets to what he considers an Elon-level of clean, he washes his hands, gets in his car, and goes, (beep sound) Home. (laughter) (cheers and applause) Crazy. All porn happened in the past. (laughter) Like, I know theres cams and stuff, but for the most part, it was earlier. Like were ahead of them. Like were now and theyre then. Theyre like back then and we know shit they dont know. Theyre back then like, Ohhhhhhhh! I wonder if Hillarys gonna win. Like, they dont know. (laughter) Whens the McRib coming back? Theyre in the dark. Were the dum-dums that are home just going like, Its now in my mind. Like, its a pretend… But Im off porn, I really– I go off and on. Its hard, its addictive. But I knew I had to go off, cause the last time I was watching– using it. I dont know what you say. I was watching it, I was mastur– Of course I was masturbating. Be weird if I was just like, Ah-ha! (laughter) I was masturbating. And when– Im sorry… (laughing) And when I was finishing, I didnt give the order to say anything, but I involuntarily, while I was cumming, I went, Not worth it. (laughter and applause) Cause it wasnt! It wasnt worth it… that dirty feeling I had to carry around with me the rest of the day. I had to go to the post office. Theres kids and old women there. I had to be like, Im not a monster, like, I had to. (laughter) I have to be off porn, though, cause its the acting. One of the things that really ruins it for me is the acting. And I dont even mean the acting before the sex, where theyre like, I have a pizza for Misty. Like not that. (laughter) Im talking about the acting during the sex. For the most part, its normal, but every once in a while, you come across a man or woman thats just overdoing it. Like I saw– the last clip I watched– this is a hundred percent accurate impression… Ill send you the link. (laughter) This woman was going nuts. Its a regular sex scene, just normal stuff, and she was going… (laughing) Okay. (audience laughs and applauds) Shes going… (gibberish sex noises) (laughter) (unintelligible sex moans) Fuck that pussy! Im not even exaggerating, Fuck that pussy! Like, in the scene before, she was normal. She was like, Hello, and then when the sex– (animalistic shouting) Like, what are you doing? Have you had sex before? This isnt an exorcism. People are trying to masturbate. (over-enthusiastic sex noises) There was no script, we let you improvise, and this is what you come in with? (laughter) Did she rehearse that? Like in her trailer in front of the mirror before? Just like, Ill be right out! (laughter) Wooooo. (laughter) (Italian accent)  Molto bene ! No. (laughter and applause) (normal voice) Seems racist. (laughter) (guttural sex sound) (laughter) Fuck that pussy– Nope, no… not quite right. Fuck that… Pusssssyyyyyyyyy! Im ready! Portland… -(cheers and applause) Thank you so, so, so much. Best crowd Ive had in a long time. I mean that. Thank you. Thank you. I see it. Thank you guys! Keep it crispy. Be good. Good night! ? I get a little punchy with the vodka ? ? just like my great uncle Valentine Jester did ? ? But he had to deal with those people like you ? ? Who made no goddamn common sense ? ? Id rather walk all the way home right now ? ? Than to spend one more second in this place ? ? Im exactly like you Valentine, just ? ? Come outside and leave with me ? ? Lets just get high enough to see our problems? ? Lets just get high enough to see ? ? Our fathers houses ? ? The day I die, the day I die ? ? Where will we be? ? ? The day I die, the day I die ? ? Where will we be? ? ? The day I die, the day I die ? ? Where will we be? ? ? The day I die, the day I die ? ? Where will we be? ?

VIR DAS@LOSING IT@2018@I lost 80% of my mind. Its very freeing. You should see the look on your faces right now, by the way. Oh! Good evening, San Francisco. Are you guys excited, yeah? All right. Well, my name is Vir Das. Were gonna have such a good time tonight. Im so excited. Its gonna be delightful. Oh, this is how I talk now. I just thought it was time to really embrace my roots, you know, and to make my comedy more authentically Indian. And really, what could be more Indian than a fake American accent? I dont think you understand. I have an opportunity to make history tonight, guys. I can. I can be the first ever Indian who comes to California… and then leaves. Thats never happened before. Because you guys are sticking around. Until they kick you out. Which, going by the news, is about three weeks from now. Now, I used to work in America in the year 2002. It didnt go very well, so I left for browner pastures. And then, honestly, I didnt think about you guys for 15 years. Because, honestly, there is nothing that you can get in America that I cant get in India. And then my government banned beef and I was like, You know, an international career might not be such a bad thing! Make no mistake. Im just here for the beef. Its been a good couple of years for me. I went on my first world tour. I saw the entire world. I went… Yeah. Would you like to know what 33 countries in the world have in common? – Would you like to know, yeah? – Yeah! Two things. Number one, I have now masturbated in all 33 of those countries. Thank you. Im like the Genghis Khan of the Holiday Inn chain. My DNA is everywhere. If your hotel has a memory foam mattress, Im the memory. And two, no matter where I went in the entire world, people said the same thing. They said, Oh, my God, youre Indian? I love Indian people. Theyre, like, so smart. Indian people, youre, like, so smart. Which leads me to believe the rest of the world not that smart. Now, theres no answer to that question. Whenever somebody says, Indian people, so smart, all we can do is just, Namaste, and, Yes. Okay. Because we all know the reality, right? In reality, 20% of India is smart. Eighty percent of India is so stupid, we dont even give them a passport. Eighty percent of India is just Being Human t-shirts and Gaurakshaks, all right? Thats basically India. No, in reality, 20% of India is smart, but its a population game, so we get away with it. Because 20% of India is 98% of most countries. So, statistically, Indians are not smarter. There are just more smart Indians. And if youre taking time with that joke… …youre in the 80%. And for the world to progress, you need to go. Thats what I believe. If this world is going to progress, Eighty percent of us, this, everything, everyone needs to go. Same number, 80/20, applies to you, American people and English. Think about your country. Eighty percent of America speaks English good. But Im pretty sure 20% of America speaks English well. And if you dont understand the difference… then you will make America great again. I promise you. Youre the one. Itll happen because of you, you, you. Build that wall. But in todays world, we dont need to speak English because we have social media. Eighty percent of social media cannot spell social or media. And if you can figure out how to communicate with them, you can rule any country in the world. Thats the new strategy. A leader, a brand gives us three, four words of evil. We are instantly hypnotized, mesmerized, on board. Thats all it takes. Three, four words. Make America great. Build that wall. Jail that bitch. Drain that swamp. Im lovin it. Youre worth it. Liyo to Jio. Abki baar Modi sarkar. We are on board instantly. But… Every day on Twitter I am called anti-national, unpatriotic, a traitor, un-Indian, and to all of that shit, I say, Spot on! Because, fun fact, 80% of my nationality is Indian, but Im 20% African. Yeah. And I know what youre thinking, Vir, which 20%? And I will tell you. Its my childhood, guys. My childhood. I grew up in Africa. In Lagos, Nigeria, but see, when I say the word Africa, firstly, some musical shit happens in your head, right? The minute I say the word Africa… …but then after that… you guys think of, like, tribes or nature or wildlife or malaria. When my parents went to Africa in the early 80s, when Indians were going to Africa for gold and diamonds and oil and malaria… Malaria has pretty much never left Africa. If Africa is McDonalds, malaria is French fries. They just give you that shit with everything. I realize Im being a bit unfair, comparing McDonalds to malaria. You know, malaria is a curable illness. But… But Indians were very rich in Africa. We had a house with an electric fence around it. All Indians did. At our gate, 24/7, was an armed guard with an AK-47 machine gun. Security. Do you know how many people you would have to murder in India to get that level of security? Oh, sorry, I messed up the joke. Sorry, sorry, sorry. One second, Ill do it again. Do you know how senior a politician you would have to be in India… And then we lost everything in one week. A dictator got shot, government changed, expats fled, and all of a sudden, we were poor for the first time, but the worst kind of poor, guys. New poor. Yuck. ‘Cause, you know, normal poor, you dont think twice about that shit. Do you? No, you accept it. Im poor, youre poor. We cant afford downtown. We live in San Jose. You accept that shit, but… But when youre new poor, you have a fresh reminder of what youre missing. Let me give you context. We went from a nine-bedroom house in Lagos, Nigeria, to a seven-bedroom house in Delhi, in Noida. But we only had enough furniture for one bedroom. Do you know what its like to live in a house with six empty bedrooms? If you meet somebody in there, you just assume theyre a ghost. I was 16 years old. Do you know how important it is for a boy to have his own room at 16? We are producing our body weight in sperm on a daily basis when we are 16. Indian men, have you ever jacked off in an empty room with no furniture? We need something to rest on, right?\ Just… Structure. You know, in case you think of that one extra girl and the legs go. You know what Im talking about. I had to train myself to jack off in the center of the room like a yoga guru. Like a feng shui master. Vastu and tathastu in the same orgasm. Really feel out the space. When I was done, I could never find the sperm. The floors were Italian marble. Till date, if I have sex, I face the girl north. My father is my hero. My father went from driving a Mercedes S-Class, beautiful German engineering, to driving a Maruti 800. Americans, its just a roller skate with dreams. But hes my hero because he never lost his optimism in his adversity. On the day he walked us in to buy that shitty car, he got so excited about that car. He knew it would make his family excited about that car. Fuck, he got the people at Maruti excited about that shitty car for the first time. He walked in performing. Is this your top-of-the-line model? Yes! Well, what makes this one top-of-the-line? Sir, this one has four wheels. Also, sir, the car has a sun roof. Really? I dont see a sun roof. Yes, sir, but the roof is made of tin. So it absorbs so much heat, you feel like you are sitting in the center of the sun. This car has two indicators, sir, left and right. Heres the right one. And the car has six gear changes. Really? I only see four. Exactly. Theres first, second… third… …third… …third… and fourth. Would you like me to turn the air conditioner on, sir? Absolutely. My mom had to get a job. She had never worked before, so she did the one thing that women who spoke good English in India did. She read the news for Doordarshan. Americans, Doordarshan is like our CNN, but with credibility. With no training or formal experience, my mother was Doordarshans top newsreader in one week. Thats all it took. Yeah. Thats how bad Doordarshans English was at the time. I dont know what happened at her first job interview. Theyre like, Mrs. Das, can you pronounce ‘epsinocage? Do you mean ‘espionage? Youre hired, madam! Weve been wondering for ten years. I changed schools. I went from Indias top private boarding school, The Lawrence School, Sanawar… Yeah, yeah, damaged goods. …to… From Lawrence School, Sanawar, to Delhi Public School. Yeah, that was a great transition. I went from an English medium school to a school where they spoke English medium. I went from nouns, pronouns and verbs to chest, shoulder, triceps. I went from Shakespeare, Byron and Keats to, Eh, madam, eh! I couldnt do the examination thing. Heres how bad my results were in Delhi Public School. My first PTA meeting, the teacher sat my parents down and she was like, Mr… and Mrs. Das… Vir has issues… that need to be… addressed. And then I realized she was talking to my parents really slowly. Because I think she just assumed the stupidity ran through my family. And the thing is, Im not stupid. Im just dyslexic. You guys know what dyslexia is? Its a reading-writing disorder. You jumble up letters. When I was in school, that shit didnt exist. Like, if I went to my parents, Mom, Dad, Im dyslexic, theyd be like, Shut up, boys are not meant to be with boys. But… By the way, if youre dyslexic, being gay is a great choice. Plus, LGBTQ just sounds like a dyslexic kid trying to spell a big word. Something like lozenges or… logarithm. Like, till date, I cant write cursive. Its a big issue in my life. I cant write joint letters. I remember the first time I told my mom, typical Indian mom, I was like, Mom, I cant write joint letters. And she was like, Why dont you write all the letters first and join them later? Because Im writing an essay, Mom, not designing a fucking freeway. So I had to write all of my exams in block letters, so in my final grade 12 exam, I got 52% in English, even though my answers were good. And I think its because the examiner thought I was yelling at him. You know, hes just reading my paper. The reincarnations of Krishna represent the true line of Indian mythology! Hes like, Well, thats a good point, but I dont like your attitude. Because back then, a Hindu screaming angrily for no reason seemed strange. Now its election strategy. I lost 80% of my religion this year. And I think its because I started to believe in God. I believe that God exists in children, nature, animals. Pretty much anywhere but temples, churches and mosques. Thats where I believe God exists. Because that, like… ‘Cause I dont think he goes to those places. I will explain why. Do you ever take a selfie, guys? You ever take a selfie? And you know how to make yourself look good in that selfie, right? But if you hand your friend the phone, they will fuck up the selfie. Absolutely. Why? Because they do not understand your correct angles. I think for God, man is that friend. We have always fucked up the image of God because we dont understand his correct angles. Symbolically and visually. I think the first time Jesus Christ walked into a church, he was like, What the fuck is that? Who drew that shit? You, Leonardo? Come here. What is that shit, bro? Who is that sad, skinny guy? What is this shit? What is that? I carried that cross for three days without carbs. You couldnt draw a tricep, you son of a bitch? Hindus, I think the first time our God Ganesha walked into a temple, he was like, What the fuck is that? Im half man, half elephant. Thats brown and gray. What is all this color? What, are you people on acid? What is this? Hinduism by Disney? Whats going on? Muslims, I think the first time Muhammad walked into a mosque, he was like… I dont know what Muhammad looks like, do you? Nobody does. Every time we try to draw the guy, somebody gets shot. Remember? Im not doing that joke. Je suis intimidated, all right? I can feel your assholes just tightening up on that joke, yeah. Look, guys, I believe the future of world peace is not going to come from politics or economics. It will come from religions. The world will be okay when every religion in the world learns to have some fun and chill the fuck out. Can we agree on that, yeah? Two religions, in specific, Christianity and Islam. Youve got to work your shit out, guys. I feel like, as Hindus, we can say that shit. ‘Cause Hindus are like your common best friend whos caught in the middle of your awkward break-up. And I think the only country in the world that can make that peace happen is you. America. You can do it. You can. You, America, just have to do with religion… what you have always historically done so well… with foreign food. Just, combine it and make your own stupid American version of it. Wouldnt you like to see a religion of peace in the world? Would you like to see that, ladies and gentlemen? Yeah? Yeah? A new religion of peace when Muslims and Christians can come together and pray in harmony. Ladies and gentlemen, Chrislam… Breathe, breath, breath. Chrislam is a great religion, guys. You know how, Christians, you get Sunday? And, Muslims, you get Friday? So, in Chrislam, you get Saturday. You wake up on Saturday, you go to the chosque. And theres great festivals in Chrislam, guys. Theres Eid-ster. Ahh! You just hide chocolate goats in the garden. So much fun. So much fun. Theres Shukriya-giving… …where you stuff a turkey into a burqa. And my favorite festival, guys – Halal-oween. Um… Halal-oween is so much fun. You know, where Christians and Muslims get together and dress up as the people who scare them. So, you know, Hindus. And then you have common praying in the chosque. Its a beautiful thing, common praying. Our Father who art in Heaven… Our Father who… Allahu Akbar. Hallowed be thy name… Yalla be thy name. Give us this day our pitta bread. As we forgive those who hummus against us. Hallelu… yalla-a-a-ah! And then Sonu Nigam wakes up. Look, if we chill out and talk about religion, what is a religion? Its a really old comic book. Its a really old superhero story. Muslims, Allah is your Batman. Christians, Jesus is your Superman. Single-hero comic books. But, Hindus… we created The Avengers, motherfuckers. Thats our shit, right? Or did you think I wasnt coming to you, huh? Thats all Hinduism is. Its The Avengers. Theres too many guys. And nobody knows what the story is. And dont eat beef. No matter what we say, we dont understand any of it. We just end it with dont eat beef. Dont eat beef is our Despacito. We always come back to that shit in a circle. And we legit dont eat beef. We are militant about that shit. We will eat a human being before we eat beef. In 100 years, Indias just gonna be, like, three leftover Hindus and 27 million cows. If you remove 80% of the bullshit in religion, its just a really cool story. Thats all thats left. Like, Hinduism has some amazing stories. Who here has read The Ramayan? If youve read it, clap your hands, yeah? The rest of you, you have to read it. Its one of the coolest stories in the world. So, tonight, because we are in San Francisco… with your permission… I would like to take America through The Ramayan. No, no, no! Whoa, whoa, whoa! Shut the fuck up! ‘Cause if you write a blog after this shit, I will go to jail. The law is very clear. If I distort facts about The Ramayan, I can go to jail. So I will not do that. The only thing you will hear coming out of my mouth is fact. And the rest of this is a silent bit. So, for the Americans, lets recap the story of The Ramayan. Our lead God was a God by the name of Ram. His wife, our lead Goddess, was a lady by the name of Sita. Ram and Sita lived in the forest together for how many years? Fourteen! Fourteen years. For protection, they took along Rams brother Laxman. So it was Ram, Laxman and Sita in the forest together for 14 years. Thats a fact. Americans on board, yeah? Ram, Laxman, Sita in the forest together for 14 years. One day, in the middle of the night, Ram and Laxman were hunting a golden deer in the forest… with the great bow given to Ram by Lord Shiva. In the middle of the night, Sita got abducted by a demon named Ravan. Sita went missing. Ram got pissed. Shit got real. And thats The Ramayan. Fact! Fun fact, did you know… that Laxman did not sleep for 14 years when they were in that forest? Did you know that shit? Yes, he stayed awake. Can you imagine how creepy that was for Sita? Im just saying, you wake up in the middle of the night, theres a dude like… Hello! Good morning. Youre sleeping well? Ram, can you get your creepy brother out of here, please? You know what? Go to the forest and get me a deer. And make it golden because, you know, Delhi girl… So, he left. Now… Pay attention, San Francisco. In the middle of the forest they saw a beautiful golden deer. Just… Ram was like, Okay, sh… …Im gonna shoot the deer. Good! Ram. What? Why dont we… What? Shiva gave it to me, all right? Shoot the deer. I can see you. What is this? Shiva gave it to me. Look, if you remove the bullshit from religion, if you lose 80% of your religion, whats left over is a cool story. I love cool stories because of my grandfather. I called him Baba. He was the greatest storyteller I ever met. I lost him last year. Saddest day of my life. The next day, all we could do was sit around and tell stories about how he told cool stories. This beautiful mix of just grief and plagiarism, to be honest. And the best thing about his stories were that they had no relevance to the conversation you were trying to have. He just decided to say that shit. My first heartbreak, I was 16 years old. I ran to him. Baba, Saba left me. What do I do? He said, You know, one day I tied your father to a tree and beat him. Then I got thirsty, went into the house, had some pani, came out, beat him some more. Which is not the appropriate answer to my question or, when you think about it, is the appropriate answer to every question because at that moment, youre not thinking about your breakup. Youre just thinking, This dudes a badass. Who hydrates in the middle of child abuse? My granddad taught me that 80% of this honesty that we value so much in each other is unnecessary. If you can tell beautiful, truly beautiful lies, guys, the entire universe will conspire to make those lies a reality. I submit to you Harry Potter. Harry Potter is a lie made up by a lady in Scotland, but its a beautiful lie that children believed, they made it a reality. There are movies, merchandise, theme parks. If you go to Kings Cross Station in London, you will see a pillar that actually says Platform… 93/4 …93/4. Its actually there and you can watch… as stupid children… run… 60 feet into bricks… and fall off stupider than when they came to the station. Awesome. Because they believe a beautiful lie. Now, before I tell you my next story, are there any Sardars or Sikh gentlemen in the audience? I believe that 99.99999348% of Sardars are incredibly intelligent individuals. Cool? Now, if you apply that percentage to the total Sikh population of the world, that leaves three. And those three Sardars are in my next story. Now, when I was 12 years old… And you said we were cool, man. When I was 12 years old, my best friend Amandeep got appendicitis. It was very serious, his appendix ruptured, but that was not the beautiful lie he told me. He said, Man, one day, my stomach was hurting. I told them, ate ice cream for two weeks and skipped my exams. And I believed the beautiful lie, so I waited four months for my opportunity. In the middle of class, I raised my hand. Excuse me, maam. My stomach is hurting. I believe I have ‘accendipitis. And my teacher was like, I think that boys gay. So, now Im just in the hospital eating ice cream for two weeks. Every now and then, a doctor comes and pokes my stomach. I make a noise and the doctors believe the beautiful lie. And I am thinking, More ice cream. Except they are thinking, Road trip. So I get driven down to Chandigarh to Sector 37 to Santokh Singh Nursing Home. It is Friday night, three oclock in the morning. There are two Sardar doctors with surgical masks looking down at me, of which one is Dr. Santokh. So clearly not a fancy hospital, more of a cottage industry, family business setup. Kind of scary. Imagine you boarded a Lufthansa flight and your pilot was Captain Thansa. They put a plastic cap on my face. I hear… ssssssss Which worries me. Its not a Punjabi sound Im familiar with. If the machine went, prrrrrrrrrrrra, Im on board. Theyre like, Uh, Vir, could you count from one to 20? Which I do, and the Sardars are suitably impressed. And… Fuck, man. All right, uh… And now all three of us are just awkwardly looking at each other because everybody in the hospital is still very much awake. So now the two Sardars have a conversation. I, uh, think hes still awake. Hainji? Really? What gave it away, huh? Was it the fact that his eyes are open and hes looking at us right now? Fuck you, Bunty! Dont give me attitude, all right? Shhhhh! Uh, Vir, could you sing the National Anthem? So, naked… lying down on a bed, I go… …and pass out. Now, Indians, I know why youre upset. I know what you are thinking. You are thinking, He didnt stand for the National Anthem. Even Americans are like, Could he take a knee? No, I couldnt fucking take a knee. I wake up 12 hours later. Dr. Santok is standing above me looking very pissed off because he has stopped believing the beautiful lie. And he says, Vir, your stomach was not hurting, was it? – It is sore… – Shut up! We could get into so much trouble… if people found out that two Sardar doctors… could not tell a 12-year-old was lying to them. Because when we opened you up, we found a perfectly healthy appendix in there… so we removed it anyway. And thats the power of a beautiful lie. You can give yourself appendicitis. What, you guys dont believe me? Really? Who believes me? Raise your hands. Who doesnt believe me? Raise your hands. Im hurt, San Francisco. Legit hurt. Has anybody here had appendicitis? If you had appendicitis, raise your hands. Yeah, buddy, do you have a scar? How big is it? Is it about that big, yeah? Is it this big? Oh, shit just got real, huh, San Francisco, huh? Thats pretty big, right? That means when they were in there, they looked around and shit. There was a normal Punjabi surgery happening. You think the two Sardars had a conversation? Uh, Bunty, do you see a perfectly healthy appendix? No, Santok, it looks kind of disheveled and its curving to the left. Bunty, thats not his appendix. So now I just lie and everybody around me is happier for it, I think. Look how happy you look right now. Maybe its because half the shit that Ive told you tonight is a complete lie. Maybe, I never grew up in Africa. I never did a world tour. My granddad isnt even dead. We flew him in for the Netflix special. Baba, just stand up and take a bow, please. Okay, my granddad actually is dead, but how much fun was that lie? That was fun. That was fun, guys. That was fun. So Im in therapy. Im in therapy because I lost 80% of my mind. Its very freeing. Now, see, Indians are so uncomfortable. We treat therapy like its an STD, right? Keep it down. Keep it quiet. Dont tell anybody. But there might be a day in your life when you need to go to therapy, when you need help, and thats okay. Maybe you have a loss. Maybe you have a heartbreak. Me, I did a movie called Mastizaade. Now, were gonna pause the show again, so I can explain to the American people what Mastizaade is. Look, Americans… Mastizaade was a really big budget sex comedy film… starring me. And the worst thing about Mastizaade, theres no defense for how bad that movie was. Like, me trying to defend Mastizaade is like Hitler going, Look, some of those Jews were assholes. And the worst thing about Mastizaade is that its on Netflix. If you type Vir Das on Netflix, you will find Mastizaade next to this shit. But when I did Mastizaade, I did something that every Bollywood actor has done at some point in his career. I starred in a shitty movie. Fair? Fair? Did I know before I did it that it was a shitty movie? Yes! Fuck, yes, I knew it was a shitty movie. I read the script. It was, Party, party, shit, shit, the end. But I was kind of desperate. I needed the money and I got to romance Sunny Leone on screen for two months. Sunny Leone, one of the most beautiful women in the world, and you think… you think you are going to have cool stories to tell your children when theyre growing up. You tell them how you were Employee of the Month at KPMG or some shit like that. My kids are gonna be running up to me with iPads, Papa, this lady? I love you, Papa. Youre my hero! Get in the Maruti. Shes intelligent. Shes talented. Shes beautiful. Shes an entrepreneur. Shes down-to-earth, which is why when the movie came out, nobody got mad at her. Everybody got mad at… me. The Times of India is the largest circulated newspaper in the world. They had a supplement article with a headline that said, Vir Das has committed career suicide. Thats if he had a career in the first place. And then my phone stopped ringing… for five months. Fucking Vodafone wouldnt call me. Once a month, that Airtel girl would put on a nuns outfit, call me, and be like, Shame, shame, and put the phone down. And thats what I felt. I felt intense, crippling shame, like I had messed up everything I had built for ten years. Eventually, all I did was really learn a lesson. Heres the lesson I learned. I learned… …that your talent belongs to you… and weirdly, your reputation belongs to other people. Like, other people will decide when you are cool, uncool, finished, relevant, irrelevant, want a selfie, dont care. Its none of your business. Dont think about that shit. Its a disease. You cant control it. Focus on the talent you have in front of you and youll always be okay. Thats what I learned. And I plan to take that suffering and that bleeding… and everything I went through… and put it all into Mastizaade 2, coming out in October, guys. Its gonna be on Netflix. Its gonna be fucking awesome. You know what I was trying to do with that movie? I was trying to get more famous really fast. Thats all it was. And I did. I got 20% more fame at the expense of 80% of my credibility. But were sold on these Bollywood dreams when were in school, right? We see Shahrukh Khan on TV. Indias biggest star spreading his arms and a girl runs towards him. And youre like, Man, I wanna do that some day. And I did. I lived that dream. And when you do that shit, you discover that only Shahrukh Khan can pull that off. Its terrifying. You need balls to pull that off. You know how actors have inner monologues? Thats what you tell yourself. I have balls. I have balls. Big, big balls. Big, big balls. Come, look at my balls. Dont believe me? Ill prove it to you now. Come on, everybody sing the song. I have balls. I have balls. Big, big balls. Big, big balls. And then you stay there… anticipating… longing… cause the girl is running towards you in slow motion. D-dshhhh. D-dshhhh. Thats the shit you see. I see… Ta-ta-tat-ta-ta-ta-ta! They shoot that shit in real time. Three seconds, she has arrived. Youre like, Listen, I havent acted yet. Could you do another lap, please? D-dshhhh. So, an Indian heroine spends her whole day just doing athletics. Shes got 90 kilos of embroidery and gold and jewels. You can see diamonds just flying off her as shes running. You see the Queen of England behind her just picking that shit up. You see Nirav Modi behind that bitch picking shit up as well. When you live that dream… and 80% of that dream is over, all it does is give you more dreams. So now I dont know if I want to be a Bollywood hero anymore. I want to be a superhero. Im gonna just put this out there into the universe. I want to be an Indian superhero in a Marvel movie. #MakeVirMarvel All right, uh… It could happen, right? Did you see Black Panther? Did you see Black Panther? Oh, as somebody who grew up in Africa, it made me so happy to see… You know, it just made me happy to see African voices and African perspectives and African fashion, packaged together beautifully to make money for nine white people. It made me so happy, guys. Black people, God bless you. You just got Slumdogged. But my point is they still got their movie. They got Black Panther. Where is ours? Where is Brown Cow? Dont you want to see Brown Cow, huh? You know, maybe 17 Avengers from now. Its the end of the movie. Nothing is going well. All five Avengers are dead. Thanos is about to kill the world. The Earth is about to explode. All of a sudden, you hear… And a big cow comes and sits down in the center of the movie. And just like Indian traffic, the entire movie comes to a standstill around the cow. Thanos tries to kill the cow. 40 BJP supporters surround Thanos. This is our Mother. This is our God. This is our Mother. This is our God. This is our Mother. This is our God. This is our Mother. This is our God. – The Tesseract falls to the floor. – Theyre like… This is where the temple will be. Because that is the defining political question of India for 30 years. Build a temple or a mosque? Fuck that! Make some parathas. Feed them to everyone. I know it seems far-fetched, but Im a man. You see this shit? This is all men. And men are defined by their unrealistic dreams. Im a dreamer, San Francisco. Like, heres a dream I have. I dream that… one day… monkeys will give scientists equal rights. For too long we have oppressed scientists… from their dream of becoming monkeys. Because in those beautiful five seconds when you fall asleep at night, when your dreams mesh into your reality… all a scientist dreams of being… …is a monkey. Do you feel me, San Francisco? No? Are you on board? No? And thats how I feel about feminism. Okay, women, calm the fuck down. Jesus Christ! Did you feel the energy shift in the room, huh? Just the BuzzFeed articles rising in their bodies. Did you feel that shit? The dictionary defines feminism as the advocacy of equal rights based on the equality of the sexes. Im on board with only the first half of that sentence. I believe we deserve equal rights. I do not believe in the equality of the sexes. I believe that women are beautiful, intelligent, layered, complex creatures. Men are with them. My definition of feminism is not letting a woman be whatever a man can be. Its letting a woman be whatever a woman wants to be. To limit… To limit a woman to the achievements of a man is to ask a scientist to become a monkey. Feel better, ladies, yeah? Youre so stupid, you believe anything. All right, uh… No, whoa, whoa! Calm down. I identify as a feminist. If you do, clap your hands, please, yes? Isnt it a wonderful feeling, guys, huh? Isnt the best thing about it that you can identify as a feminist and feel like one without actually doing anything about it? You can just feel it… on the inside. Thats Indian feminism. We identify and fuck off. Its feminism, not the Gymkhana Club. You dont need a membership card. If theres one thing we can learn from racists, its less talk, more action. You dont see racists identifying as racists, writing blogs about feeling the racism inside. No, they just wake up in the morning and they do racist shit every day, all day long, with commitment, and look how far their movement has come. Theyre running your country, my country, Britain. Well done, racists. I say, Well done, racists. And, no, you know the best thing about racism? Anybody can be a racist. They let you in, irrespective of, like, your income group, your sexual preference, your nationality. Racism is a very inclusive movement, guys. With this whole feminism bit, ladies, Im not trying to pander to you. Im not trying to tell you what you need to hear because guess what? Im a man. I dont know, we havent shut the fuck up long enough to know what you want to hear, all right? All right? So, Im gonna be honest. I dont know how to be a feminist. I spoke to one and she said, If you want to be a good feminist, forget how you treat women, begin with how you view yourself as a man because 80% of masculinity is bullshit. And you think about that… Like, arent you tired of being a man? Cant we just be male? Because being a man is fucking exhausting. And it affects the way you treat other people. Like, why do we have to show strength every day? Men have to show strength all the time in physical activities. Like you, buddy. Come here, shake my hand, please. If you can. Thank you so much. Why do I squeeze his hand so hard? Why are men expected to do this? Does this achieve anything? Yeah, what do I think? Toothpaste is going to come out of your ears? Is this powerful? No. You know what I like to do? I take a mans hand and I kiss it. And then I watch as his life falls apart in front of me. As he quickly checks to see if theres any movement in his underwear whatsoever. Why do men have to defend women like theyre objects? Im sorry. I dont defend my wife anymore. If somebody insults my wife, I inform them that their insult could have been more accurate. Oh, you think she looks slutty now? You should have seen her in 2014. That was her thigh-high boots year. Speaking of which, why are men so obsessed with wardrobe? Not ours, yours. You think women care about what women wear? No, we care about what women wear. We look at your wardrobe like its the Rosetta Stone, just looking for hidden messages in that shit. Every time a woman in India wears something revealing, like many of you are doing tonight, Indian men say shit like, Oh, shes asking for it. Am I wrong, ladies? Have you heard that in your lives, yeah? Our politicians have said that shit on the news. She was asking for it. Which is bullshit. The infinite beauty and fun of being a woman is if shes asking for it? She can just ask for it. Because it is available, I promise you. She can just think of it and 20 its will line up outside her door. For a woman, the world is Amazon.in. You can ask for it, compare it, size of it, deliver it, Prime it, non-Prime it. Cash on delivery, whatever you like. Thats the beauty of being a woman. Its so specific. You get to ask for it. It! Men, we just want to get some. But nobodys looking for hidden messages in mens clothing, are they? I could wear a T-shirt that said, Fuck me in the ass. I give you full permission to fuck me in the ass and nobody would do anything about that. Theyd just be like, Well, thats a cool souvenir. Yet, men have the freedom to wear whatever we want… within limits. You know, you cant just drape two bed sheets around yourself and run an investment bank. But you can run Uttar Pradesh. So, how do we get women the freedom to wear whatever women want to wear? Im proposing humbly a two-week course in school where all children cross-dress. All boys wear girls clothing, every single item, all girls wear boys clothing, every single item, so that the right dots connect in your mind as an adult. So, the next time you Indian boys, you go out to a club and you see a beautiful girl walking towards you, just mini-skirt, cleavage, heels… …your first thought as an Indian male is, Her feet must be tired, man. Five-inch. Her under-boob must be so sore with the wire all tight jammed in there. Most guys arent laughing cause you dont know theres a wire in the under-boob. You just thought there was 300 bucks in there for a rainy day, right? Thats how Indian aunties go shopping like ninjas. Hatsa-hatsa-hatsa! They pay from this one and put the change in that one. Its debit, credit. I dont know, thats just my opinion. Ladies, its more valuable than yours. I come from India. We dont even want you to cultivate an opinion. We oppress the Indian girl child by keeping her out of school. Are you familiar with this problem, yeah? Man, I think every single school in India should adopt disco nightclub policy. Couple entry only. If you are enrolling a boy, somebody has to enroll a girl. There are problems with this strategy. India has 72 million uneducated Indian men left over if you do this. What do you do with these fuckers? Im proposing a new armed force. Like America has the First Response, call these guys the Worst Response. So every time India is at war with a country, you send these Indian men in and tell them to just exist. Go to that country and exist. Within one month, theyll be shitting on monuments, spitting in public, starting illegal businesses, immigration rackets. Just distracting the opponent, then the army goes in there and kicks ass. Before you send in the troops, you send in the choots, ladies and gentlemen. Thats my strategy. Mission accomplished. Mission… …accomplished. And thats a question I have about men. When 99% of men are failures, why are we so obsessed with the idea of accomplishment? The idea of success? If a man got up on a stage and told people that in the last two years, he had lost his fame, his fortune, his patriotism, his nationality, his religion, his credibility, his masculinity and his mind, is he even a man? Or is he just 20% of one? I dont know. Im just here for the beef. A human being needs nine to ten ounces of beef every 15 years to stay healthy. A fucking doctor told me that shit. We aint done yet, San Francisco. Do you want to know what my job was in 2002? Yeah! I was a dishwasher in Chicago. Now… No, no, no. Indians, dont get sad and sentimental. Fuck you! The minute you mention any other profession apart from doctor, lawyer, or engineer, Indians are like, See, he struggled. He struggled. I did not struggle. This is not an inspirational story. Being a dishwasher in America is fantastic. You get head gear, mouth gear, rubber gloves, apron, brushes, detergents. We give less equipment to a surgeon… …at Santokh Singh Nursing Home. When youre a dishwasher, you spend most of your day watching food leave the kitchen. The one thing I always loved to watch was a beautiful piece of beef, ten ounces. The filet mignon. Im sorry, Indians, filet migg-non. And sometimes that piece of meat would come back unfinished, a few bites left, and it just… God, it bred this… …this darkness, this resentment inside of me. I said, Look at these fucking Americans wasting their beef! How dare you? You know, one day I will go back to India and there I can eat all the beef I want. But you have to understand. This was a $29 steak. To me back then, spending 29 bucks on beef represented everything in the world I didnt have. You know, peace of mind, success, the ability to kill a god. And so as a treat for myself, Id been saving up for that steak dinner, and I had the money, and just before I could eat it, the American government took my dream away. They didnt ban beef. My visa expired. I had to leave. Youll find out. Um… And like I said, I didnt think about that beef for 15 years until last month. True story. Last month, I went back to my college, Knox College in Galesburg, Illinois. Uh, I was their commencement speaker. I got given an honorary doctorate. Um… Im Dr. Das now. And you did well in your board exams. But much better than receiving my degree for saving lives… what felt a lot better was the meal I had after. Because after that, after 15 years, I walked into the Grand Lux Cafe on Michigan Avenue in Chicago where I washed dishes for two years and I ordered the filet mignon and I finished every bite of that steak. Kind of. This is not an inspirational story. Keep your shit together. Ive had maybe 300, 400 steaks in my life. Dont tell the BJP. And that steak… was the most… average steak I have ever eaten in my life. It was a shitty steak. I dont know what I thought would happen. That Id take one bite and the lighting in the restaurant would change, and music would begin to play and all the waiters would start a slow clap and theyd come and put their forks and knives on my table like the faculty from A Beautiful Mind? And two children would stand up on chairs and salute me and be like, My captain, beef captain? But none of that shit happened. In reality, I just sat there and I did something that I havent had time to do in three years. I just… thought about shit. And I thought about how many Hindus this story is going to piss off. Theres gonna be some Tweets. Or maybe they dont care as long as its not a brown cow. I thought… about how eating an average piece of beef still felt better than shooting an average movie. I thought about how this might be a story my grandfather Baba would tell. Huh, we used to wait 15 years for one piece of beef. And then I thought I should stop eating this because this is a shit steak. And my stomach will hurt for real soon. Then my waitress came over and I noticed her looking at my unfinished piece of beef. She said, Are you all set? Yeah. Im done. So youre finished? No. And then I did the most un-Indian thing I might have ever done. I tipped… …well. My check was $42. I left my waitress a $350 tip with a note… that said, Look, I know where you are right now because Ive been here too. But you wont always be here, I promise you. Just know that. Smiley face. Which is a pretty sweet thing to say. Can we agree on that, yeah? Like, thats the lesson I learned. If you want to feel good again, stop constructing good things for yourself. Just say good shit to other people and youll feel amazing. And if youre gonna say good shit to other people, make damn sure that you say it… out loud. Because if you write it down on a piece of paper… in block letters… I know where you are right now… …because Ive been here too. But you wont always be here… I promise you. Just know that. Smiley face. She probably ran into the kitchen like, This Indian guy wants to fuck me for 350 bucks! What the hell do I do? So I panic and I run out of this restaurant, and I see that the waitress is running after me. And she stops me and shes like, Wait, you left me a $350 tip. And I tell her the two-minute version of what it just took me an hour to tell you guys. Shes like, Wow, thats a crazy story. I just thought you miscalculated the tip. But it seemed unlikely because, you know, Indian people… youre, like, so smart. Good night. Thank you so much, San Francisco.

TREVOR NOAH@SON OF PATRICIA@2018@ LIVE NATION PRESENTS TREVOR NOAH [presenter] Beautiful people, put your hands together for Trevor Noah. [shouting and whooping] [hip hop intro music] [applause] Whats going on, Los Angeles? [louder cheering] Welcome to the show. Thank you for coming out. Thank you for being here. This is so much fun. Welcome out. Oh, look at all of you. This is so dope. I love LA. I love everything about LA. Even the things people hate about LA, I love. I love the traffic in LA. Its like one of my favorite experiences. Yeah, when you dont live here, its great. Its wonderful. Because you get to be a part of it, but its not yours forever. Its like another persons child, you know what Im saying? Yeah, you get to be like, This is crazy. Have it back. -Thats what it feels like. [laughter] I love it, man. [indistinct shout] I love the vibe. You know? I love driving out here. You know. And while Im out here, I get to listen to the radio, you guys have great radio stations because youre always in your cars. In New York– Radios not a big thing for me living in New York. I ride my bicycle, walk the streets. I cant listen to music because Ill die. -Um… [laughter] But in LA, thats all I do. I just listen to music. Now, these days when youre driving, all you hear is trap music. Thats the big thing you hear, is trap. Thats the new music on the radio. Its really fun. Trap. I dont understand what theyre saying, but I enjoy it. [laughter] Every single song is the same. Every trap song to me sounds like a toddler complaining about life. Thats all I hear when I listen to trap songs. Every time a trap song plays on the radio, I think of my little brother, hell go outside and hurt himself. Hell come back crying, it sounds like every single trap song ever. Hell walk in like… [imitates child sobbing] Ill be like, Yo, Isaac, what happened? [imitates sobbing] [sobbing nonsense in a trap style] [whoops] [sobbing nonsense in a trap style] [continued nonsense] And Ill be like, Yo, yo ,yo, dude, slow down. [laughter and applause] I thought you were playing with your friends. What happened? ? All my friends are dead ? ? Push me to the edge ? ? All my friends are dead now ? ? Push me to the edge now ? [sings nonsense] Go talk to your mom. I dont know what youre saying. Talk to your mom. Ah… The City of Angels, I love every moment, man. Im enjoying myself. I just got back from vacation. So Im having a great time. You got that vacation swag, youve still got that thing. You know, you still feel loose. You feel relaxed. I went to Bali on vacation. [audience oohs] Out in Indonesia. Yeah, if youve never been, make a plan and get out there. Its an amazing place. Uh, I went out with some of my friends, learned a few things about myself as a person. The most important thing I learned is somebody needs to invent a TripAdvisor specifically for black people. Right? No, because just generally, I find that what white people want to do on vacation, is what black people are trying to escape. [laughter] And not in a bad way. We just want different things out of life. Like my white friends are always inviting me camping, for instance. Always. With enthusiasm. Like, Trevor wanna go camping, dude? Im like, Why? [rising laughter] I was like, Dude. What do you mean, ‘Why? Its amazing. Are you kidding me? No water, no electricity, you know? Its just us and the great outdoors, youve got to take a dump in the hole in the floor or something, dude. Im like, Yeah, that was my life. [laughter] That was me growing up. You know how hard I worked to never go camping again? [applause] Every day! [whooping] Every day. Every day I wake up in my bed, and Im like, Thank God Im not camping. [laughter] If my family saw pictures of me camping, they would be devastated. If my grandmother saw me out in the woods, [crying] shed be like, What happened to Trevor? I thought he was successful. Oh! [imitates sobbing] It must be the crack. Ah. [sobs] I wont go camping. So, I went with my friends to Bali. They planned the trip. And uh, before we went, I asked my friend I was like, Yo, Mitch, what are we going to be doing? He was like, Dont ask questions, Trevor. Its just gonna be a great time. I was like, I want to know what the great time is going to be about. He was like, Dude, dont ask questions. -I should have asked questions. -[laughter] Because we had fun. But there were a few things that were weird that I wouldnt necessarily do on my own. For instance, on the third day of the trip, we had what was planned, what was billed in our itinerary as an authentic Balinese experience. Thats what they called it, an authentic Balinese experience. What they did was, they woke us up at 5 a.m., put us in a little bus, and we drove for three hours. And when we got there, we get out of the bus, in the middle of what looks like a remote village, and a little tour guide, really happy, way too happy for that time, and hes like Welcome, everybody. Are you ready for a good time? And Im like, Yeah. And so hes like, My name is Dang Basaan and Im going to be your guide. Today, you will have an authentic Balinese experience. So exciting! Follow me. And so we follow him, and he walks up to a little door. and Im like, This is going to be like a temple or cave… And hes like, Welcome, ladies and gentlemen, to the real Bali. and he opens the door, into somebodys house. This is not a museum house, this is just a house. Someone lives there every single day. He opens the door and hes like, This is the home of someone in Bali. [rising laughter] He eats here. He sleeps here. -Im like, Does he know were here? [laughter] We didnt knock. Nobody answered the door. For all I know, were breaking and entering right now. Were in some weird Balinese gang. I dont know how this works. And as Im about to ask the question, he turned and hes like, Over here you can see the owner of the house. Hes in the corner. We turn, and theres a man. The whole time, just sitting there. Frozen stiff. And Im like, Is this guy part of this? I dont know if we should be doing this or should not be doing this? And Dang Basaan turns to him, starts speaking in Balinese. Hes like… [pretends to speak Balinese] -Okay, you can touch anything. -[laughter] And so Im like, I dont think we should– Before I can even finish, the people in our tour group were like, Yeah! Touch it all. [exaggerated voice] Oh my God. Touch it all. Oh my God, does he sleep here? Oh, wow. Is this where he eats? Oh, my God, I could never do this. Oh, my God. Excuse me. Thank you so much for having us. Oh, my God, I appreciate my life so much more right now. Thank you so much. This is horrible. Can we take a selfie? [laughter] Thank you. Are you on Instagram? Ill just put hashtag the man. Thank you. Oh my God. So Im really awkward right now, Right, um… because this is like something culturally Im not supposed to be doing. As an African person, I should not be in somebodys house rummaging through their life. So Im standing in the corner really uncomfortable. And the owner of the house is really accommodating, hes friendly. You know. Hes like, Yes, thank you. Enjoy. Enjoy. Thank you. And then he turns and looks at me. And this was one of the most magical moments, right, because he was smiling at everyone else and his face completely changed when he turned. He was all hospitable, like, Yes, thank you. Thank you. [laughter] And with his eyes, he proceeded to have the most in-depth conversation with me that Ive ever had. Its not like the eyes conversation was new to me. You can have an eyes conversation with anyone you have a connection with. It could be somebody of the same race when youre in public. Er, it could be like a husband and wife. Wives are good at having eyes conversations. Theyll like shit on you hard. Youll be in public together, and youll say something off– Youll be like, If only she did that. Shell be like, Hell no. I cannot believe you said– But its just eyes. I cannot believe you said all that. Wait until the next– You want to air our dirty laundry in public? Youll see how this is going to end. You say this and enjoy this moment right now, because its over. And youre like, I shouldnt have done that. All with eyes. Right? Thats what he did to me. Because one minute hes smiling at everybody, and then he turns and looks at me. And with his eyes, he was like, What are you doing here? So with my eyes, I was like, Hey man, Im sorry, I didnt know this was your house. They said it was an authentic experience. Thats why I came. He was like, Yeah, authentic for white people. Youve got your own poor. Go back to where you came from. [laughter] I was like, Yeah, I shouldnt be here, man. Im sorry. [low laughter] So I left. I go outside. About 15 minutes later, everyones done with their poverty porn, so they come and join me. [laughter] Um… Dang Basaan follows the crowd. And hes having a blast. You can tell. He walks out and says, Everyone have a great time? I know you enjoyed that. Now, its time for a special surprise. Follow me, everybody, to the back. And he takes us to the back of the house, right. Where theres this area theyve laid out, where clearly they have some sort of performance. Theres a stage, theres raked seating. He tells us to find our seats, so we all sit down. Theres people from all over the world in our tour group. Myself, my American friends, some British people. Theres a French family. A dad and his son. They sit next to me. So I sit in the front row. And Dang Basaan comes back out. And all of a sudden, hes wearing a giant Balinese headdress. Looking really beautiful, you know. He looks at us and hes like, Ladies and gentlemen, are you ready for an authentic Balinese experience? Please welcome the snakes of Bali. -Im like, The what? -[laughter] Im like, Oh, he said snakes. The snakes of Bali– And I look, and theres snakes. Theres a group of men gathering snakes to bring out to us. And so Im like, Yeah, no. No, I dont. No, because you see as a black person, culturally, Im trying to not die. So… I take all my stuff and start packing it. And the French guy turns to me and hes like, [French accent] My friend, where are you going? The show. I said, Yeah. No, the guy said theres snakes coming, so Im going to move. Im gonna go to the back. He said, You are moving because of the snake? I said, Yeah. He said, Why are you moving for the snake, my friend? Are you afraid of a snake? -I said, Yeah. [laughter] Thats exactly what I am, afraid of the snakes. He said, Such a big man, but you are afraid of a snake? I said, Yeah with a big brain, thats why Im afraid. Its a snake. Youre not going to trick me into not being afraid of a snake. My toxic masculinity is not so high that Ill be like,  Yeah, you know what man, come on, Snakey. Come on. [shouts] Its a snake! Instead of just letting it go, this guy turns. Hes like, I cannot believe it, a big man like this. Jean-Pierre– He talks to his son. [makes up French words] And this kids like ha, ha, ha! [exaggerated] Snake. Snake! And hes like, Oui, oui, snake. Are you afraid? Snake. What is this? Its a snake. Snake. And these two carry on for like 15 seconds non-stop. Right. Just back and forth. Snake, snake, snake, the whole time. Hes like, Snake. Are you scared? Snake. Im like, Whatever man, you guys lost all your wars. So I go to the back. -[Loud laughter] -Right. -I dont have time for this. [whooping] I dont have time for this, because theres snakes. So, I go to the back, take all my stuff. I climb up and Im sitting at the top, because I want to see the show, I just dont want to be a part of it. So Ive got my stuff. I move all the way up to the top. I sit there. As I get there, the show starts. And Dang Basaans really excited and hes like, Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome your first performer, the powerful Python. And a dude comes out with a giant python wrapped around him. Alright. And this guy had this cool trick where the python would squeeze him really tight. Super tight. So tight, you could almost hear his bones cracking. Alright. And then hed make a sound. Hed be like… -Eeh. [laughter] And the snake would let go. Then itd start squeezing him again, and hed be like… eeh. And the snake would let go. It would squeeze him again and hed make the same sound, like… eeh And the snake would let go. I was like, This is dope. This is cool. Yeah, were in a consensual relationship. I like this. This is uh… So he leaves with the snake. The next performer comes out, and this guy had a green mamba with him, right? And so Dang Basaan is like, Ladies and gentlemen, the green mamba. This guy comes out and he had a cool trick where he took the lid off the basket the green mamba would come out and it would start doing a little move. And then someone would play music and then the snake charmer would dance with the snake. Theyd do the same moves, like a Justin Timberlake video, just the two of them back and forth. I was like, That was dope. The snake goes back in. And then Dang Basaan came out one final time. He was like, Now, ladies and gentlemen, are you ready for the final part of the show? Please welcome The King Cobra. The final performer comes out with a cobra. Puts the snake down. Lifts the lid, snake comes out. And I dont know what it was about the snake. But you could feel the energy change, like. They were all snakes, but this snake looked mean. You know? Like it looked like it hated life. There was something about it. This snake looked like it had a mortgage. [laughter] Because it looked at us, and then fixed its eyes on the charmer. He was really cool and calm. He didnt even look at the snake. He addressed us. He was like Ladies and gentlemen. They say the cobra can strike faster than the man can blink. But can a man move faster than the snake can think? And Im like oooh… -I dont know what that means, [laughter] but Im in. Because it sounds like a dumb Instagram quote, but Im in. And this guy had the most amazing trick. What he did was he got right up close to the snake, and he put his hands behind his back. And then, he would make it seem like he was going to kiss the snake. And the snake will be no further than like a foot from his face. And then he would make this sound like a kissing sound. As he made the sound, the snake would try to bite him, and he moved away. Ive never seen anything like it. But he leaned in, and hes like, Come on, snake. [puckering sound] [kissing sound] [hisses] Too slow, snakey. Try again. [puckering sound] [hisses] No love for you, my friend. Come on, snakey. And all of us are enthralled. Every single one of us. No ones making a sound, no ones moving. And he does it over and over again. And then, to take it to the next level, he closes his eyes, pouts his lips, and I guess, at this point, the snake was probably like, I think I figured this out. This dudes going to make the sound and then hes going to move. But if I bite before the sound, I can change everyones lives. Because thats exactly what the snake does. [surprised laughter] The guy closes his eyes, pouts his lips. Before he can make the sound, the snake strikes him. -Pa! Bam! [audience gasps] Hits him on the mouth. Right? Cuts his lip open, blood goes spraying everywhere. Now, that should be the end of the story, the craziest part of the story. No, this is the middle. [laughter] The snake hits him on the mouth. The blood goes spraying. This guy jumps back, and then acts like he didnt just get bitten by a snake. Which makes us think were crazy, because we all saw it. Everyone in the audience was like [gasps] And then he jumps back, and he just shakes it off. You know what he did? He did that thing that people do when they get their hand jammed into a car door or something? Like it slammed, and theres a [slam sound] And people will just be like mmm… He did that, but with a snake. So the snake hits him, the blood sprays, and he jumps back and hes like mmm… [laughter] Dont worry. Were fine. Dont worry. Dont worry. Everybody, were fine. Relax, relax, we are fine. But we werent fine. You know, how we know this? Because his face started melting on the one side. Right? So his face starts melting, his lips start turning blue and he goes back to do his kiss trick again, but he cant even stand and he looks at the snake. The snake looks at him, and hes like Okay, show is done. Goodnight everybody. Goodbye. Goodbye. He runs off. And all of us now are like, What the hell just happened? He runs off, I have questions in my head. Like is he going to be okay? Do we get our money back? How does this work? And then we turn back and we realize. Hes forgotten his snake. [surprised laughter] And you know what the worst thing was? It seemed like the snake realized the same thing at the same time. Because the snake also watched him leave and then as we turned back, the snake was also like, Oh shit. And so now, its just us, and the snake. And mind you, theres no barrier, right. Theres no concrete. Theres no glass. Theres nothing. Its an authentic Balinese experience. So were all staring at the snake. The snake is staring at us. And then, one genius decided now would be the perfect time to get an Instagram picture. And I dont know if it was the camera, the sound, or the flash. All I heard was click, and the snake jumped up and was like… [hisses] And we were all like… arghhhh. And then it was chaos. Pandemonium ensued. Dont forget, I was at the back. So I just jumped. I was like, Being black saved me!I [applause] I was out. [whooping] Panic ensued. Everyone jumps up, people are trying to scramble trampling over each other. The French guy was my favorite, he jumps up, and he was like, Sacre bleu! [speaking French] Le serpent, le serpent! [shouting] Allez, Jean-Pierre, allez. And hes pushing the people and running. Allez! Jean-Pierre. Jean-Pierre. And when he turns, his son hasnt moved, right? So, little Jean-Pierre is planted to the spot, terrified. And you see his face like, Papa! Papa! He was like, Allez, Jean-Pierre. Mon ami. Papa! Papa! And so the dad realizes hes got to go back in and save his kid. But this is one of those moments where you can see the fundamental difference between mothers and fathers. Right? Because a mother would run in without thinking, and she would be like, I will die for my child. Strike me now, snake. Right, thats moms. Dads will save their kid, but in the back of their head, theyre thinking, Im going to save my kid. But I dont want to die. I mean– I dont want to die because this dumbass didnt know to run when his dad was running. I mean, theres a snake and I start running, why wouldnt you run at the same time? Now Ive got to die for your dumb ass, which makes no sense, because I can make another one of you, you cant make another one of me. I should just make you a brother and we can mourn your dumbass death together. I dont know why were doing this right now. I think thats what the dad was thinking. Because he didnt fully commit. Instead, he tried to sneak in behind his kid. Then he grabs the back of his hoodie and yanks him to safety. So now, little Jean-Pierres choking on the ground. [choking sounds] Papa! And he finally gets him to the side. Another snake charmer comes running out, grabs the snake, puts it in the sack, and finally danger is averted. Everybodys safe. Everyone is safe but terrified. Some people are crying, others are in shock. Im standing on the side, watching all of this. Little Jean-Pierre is with his dad, both in tears. Desolé mon ami. Desolé Jean-Pierre Papa! [makes up French sounds] And I dont speak French, but I know this kid was like, You asshole, you left me. Im going to tell Mom. [applause] And so, Im staring at them, and I guess they could feel that I was staring. So they both stopped at the same time. And they turned and looked at me and I looked at them. And in that moment, in that moment I realized were all human beings. We all experienced the same thing, we went through the same trauma. No matter what happened to us before, we are all human beings. They looked at me, I could see in their eyes what theyd just experienced, what I experienced. And in that pause, I bent down, and I got real close to them and I was like, Snake. [whooping] [content sigh] [prolonged applause] Thats how racism starts. But you know what? It was worth it. Yeah, it was worth it. [exhales] I love traveling, man. I love traveling, learning about places. Reading things and meeting new people. I er… When I think about the history of racism– Im fascinated by racism as a concept, you know, as an action, a policy… All of it fascinates me. I read these stories in history. And one of the most fascinating things I read about recently, one of the most fascinating places, was a place called, Rochester, New York. Where– Genuinely, this blew my mind, they had a city which was basically dedicated to rehabilitating people who had escaped slavery. So, black people who escaped the South, gone into the North, were rehabilitated at this place. Frederick Douglass wrote many of his works there. the suffragette movement kicked off there. Its a powerful little place. I was reading these stories, and what they would do is, slaves would escape from the South, theyd make their way to the North. Get to Rochester, the Underground Railroad got them there. And then they would rehabilitate them, put them on boats, and send them to Canada so that they could live free. And I was like, Thats a fascinating story, for two reasons: one, it reminds you there were a lot of good people, white people, out there. I often get angry at white people then Im like, No, theres good ones. Calm down. Um… And the second part of it that was amazing was that they convinced black people to get back on boats. I think [applause] thats one of the most amazing stories Ive ever read. Because, do you know how convincing youd have to be to convince someone whos just escaped slavery? Think about that for a second. Somebodys just escaped slavery. Theyve made their way there finally, they wake up after one night of free sleep, and they walk out and its just like, Hey, man. I just want to say thank you so much for everything you did for me, man. You know what, my friend? Nobody deserves to live how you lived, and Im glad we got you out. Thank you so much. I appreciate you, brother. Thank you, my friend. Okay, all weve got to do now is get you some paperwork, get you cleaned up, put you on a boat, get you to Canada, and you can live a free life. Everything will be better. Im sorry. Hold up. Er… Yeah, could you– Come again? You? What did you say? I know the paperwork thing is weird, but weve got to get you some identification. No, you said something about a boat? Well put you on a boat to get you to Canada. Yeah. No, I dont– Yeah, we dont do boats no more. I dont know if you know our history but me and my people, we took a cruise one time. That shit didnt go so well. So yeah, weve got to find another way to get to Canada if you dont mind. But the boat is the best way for us to get there from Rochester. Yeah, that might be the best way for yall. But we gon walk. Hell we can run, we can run real good. We can run, but we aint getting on no boat. My friend, youve got to get on the boat. Man, I aint got to do shit. I just got free. Imagine if I get on that boat, and on the other side its the same? What will they say to me? -‘Whyd you get on the boat? -‘He was real nice. Hell no! I aint getting on no boat. Youve got to get on the boat, though. Youre free now. Youve got to get over this. Maybe one day, in a few hundred years, one of my descendants named Kanye West will be over this shit, but I aint over it now. [loud laughter and applause] So, I aint getting on no boat. [shouting] We got to get you on the boat, dammit. Im not getting on no boat. And that was the day the phrase, nigga, please was invented. [loud laughter] [whooping laughter] The white man turned and went, nigga, please, I need you on that boat. And that story was passed down generation to generation, black person to black person, free man to free man. And that white man got down on his knees, and he said, ‘nigga, please. -nigga please? -nigga, please. I aint never heard that phrase before in my life. -nigga, please… nigga please. -nigga, please? I know thats probably a phrase Barack Obama used at least once in the White House. At least once. Like, Mr. President, do you think Trump is because of you? -Do you think you caused this? -nigga, please. Just one time, one time. I know he used it. Actually, I had the pleasure of meeting President Obama while he was in office. Probably one of the craziest experiences Ive ever had in my life. Yeah, I was… [cheering] It came out of nowhere. It came out of nowhere. I was at The Daily Show, I was in my office and I got a phone call from the administration. And someone on the other end was like, Hi, Trevor. Would you like to interview the President of the U.S. in the White House? And I was like, Do you ask stupid questions? I was like, Of course I want to meet the President of the United States. Are you serious? And the day finally came. I went to DC with my TV crew. And they set us up in a room, which was literally opposite the Oval Office. We put all our cameras in place. All were doing now is waiting for the President to arrive. So were staring at the door with baited breath. And the reason were staring is they dont give you an exact time of the Presidents arrival, for his safety. So they just give you a window, like the cable guy. [laughter] So were all waiting there, listening to every footstep, every moment, and then he just popped in behind us, scared the shit out of everybody. Yeah. Theres a secret door, but they dont tell you. Again for safety. Right. Were staring at the door and suddenly hes like, Hello. I was like… arghhh! But I had a great time in the interview with him. He was really kind to everyone in the room, and then we turned off the cameras, and I promise you, he became even nicer, we just had a conversation. I thought hed leave. Hes President of the U.S., hes got to go do something. And he just chilled for a bit, you know? And we spoke as human beings, and it went really well until he turned to me and he said, Trevor, Ive got a show that Im doing in a few weeks, a little thing, I thought maybe youd want to pop by and perform, if you dont mind. I said, Mr. President, I would be honored. Just let me know when and where. Whats the show going to be for, sir? He said, Trevor, Im doing a little thing for my aides, and I thought maybe youd want to be there. I said, I would love to, thank you. Im sorry, a show for what? He said, For my aides, Trevor. I said, You have AIDS? [laughter] And then– And then he explained what he meant. And I wanted the earth to swallow me whole. [loud laughter] Because I had just looked at the President of the United States, and asked him if he had AIDS. And the worst thing is that he was nice to me as well. ‘Cause I said that and then he explained and I was like, Im so sorry. I didnt mean it. I dont even know why– You said aides, and then AIDS… Because, heres the thing. In my defense, I get it now. He means aides, as in the White House aides the people who help the President. I get it now. But in my defense, where Im from AIDS is some other shit that doesnt help anybody. No one in Africa is walking around saying, Let me introduce you to my AIDS. So now Im here. Im frazzled. Im like, Mr. President, Im so sorry. [speaking fast] I didnt mean that. You dont have AIDS, even if you did theres nothing wrong with having AIDS. Theres no stigma. Actually, I dont know what Im saying. Im so sorry. He was like, Trevor, Trevor, calm down, Trevor. Trevor, Trevor calm down. Im so sorry, Mr. President, I shouldnt have said that. Im the dumbest person you ever met. He was like, Trevor, Trevor, Im the dumbest person youve ever met. He was like, No, Trevor thats not true. Ive met Trump. [loud laughter] Get out of here! [cheering] So smooth. Im used to it in life, though. This is something that commonly happens to me, living in the US. You know. I understand it as an idea. If you move to another country, youre probably gonna have to learn another language. I didnt realize that would happen in America, because I speak English. But here, people speak American. Similar, but not the same. Alright? Like small things change, small things. I accept that, small things like pronunciation. For instance the thing you drink, I call that water. Yes, water, in American you say wadder. Right? Wadder. Yeah. I say water because theres a T in the word. Right? Erm… The glass you see yourself in every morning, I refer to that as a mirror. Yeah? Alright? In American you say Ameer, right? Ameer, which is not the same thing to me. A mirror is the glass, Ameer is a Middle Eastern man, very different experience. Its not the same thing. Thats just pronunciation, right. You also have to learn the meanings of words that you already knew when you move to America. For instance, where Im from theres a garment that men commonly wear under their shirts. Its white and its sleeveless. Where Im from, we refer to this as a vest. Okay? Ive now learned, in American, it is known as a wife beater. -Yeah, I have so many questions. -[laughter] And so the best and worst experience I had learning American happened to me when I actually first moved to the US. I lived in California, in Pasadena when I first came to the United States, right. and the reason I lived in Pasadena is because thats where I knew my first American friend, a guy by the name of David Meyer. He came to South Africa to film a documentary. We became the best of friends and one day we were hanging out in Daves apartment. Daves chilling on his bean bag, and he looks over at me and hes like, [puts on Californian accent] Trevor, dude, [sounding stoned] I dont know about you right now, but Im starving. I said, I think you mean youre hungry, Dave. He said, What? I said, It doesnt matter, what you want to eat? [laughter] He said, You know what Im craving right now, man? Im craving tacos. I said, That sounds like fun. Lets do it, man. Lets go to Tacos. What? Isnt that the restaurant youre craving? Tacos? Are you being serious right now? Youve never had tacos? No, I dont know what tacos is. [raising voice] Youve never had tacos? My answer hasnt changed from now, Dave. No. -Ive never had tacos. -Youve never had tacos? And by the way, I hate it when people do that. You know when people ask you the same question over and over again, they cant believe you havent had the same life experience? You know that thing they do? With everything, Oh my God, have you heard the new Beyoncé? -No. -You havent heard the new Beyoncé? -No, I havent– -You havent heard the– ? Oh no, now I have. No, Id never had tacos, right. Id never had tacos, because in South Africa, we dont really have Mexican food. We dont have Mexican food, because we dont have Mexicans. They never came over. Its not my fault. Dave was personally offended. Ill never forget, he jumped up and he was like, Dude. I cannot believe youve been in America all this time and youve never had tacos. I said, Dave why is it such a big deal? Hes like, Because, Trevor, nothing says America like tacos. [whooping and applause] I said, Really? Nothing says America like Mexican food? And, you know, whats funny is I feel like in that moment, Dave was being profound. He didnt even realize it, but that was a profound little nugget that he had just espoused. Nothing says America like tacos. Ive had the privilege of traveling everywhere in this beautiful country. Ive been to places like Erie, Pennsylvania; El Paso, Texas; Honolulu, Hawaii, you know. Ive been everywhere, and one thing Ive learned across the board in America, is that Americans love tacos. applause] Everywhere you go, Americans love tacos. Love tacos. Even people you wouldnt expect. I was watching the news one day, and there was a guy at a rally, and they were asking him about immigration and families being separated, etc. And this guy, regardless of his politics, he was being really mean and xenophobic, and racist. You know, just acting real presidential. And the journalist asked him, the journalist asked him about children and he just went straight in, he was like, Boy, I tell you what, I dont give a damn about any of these goddamn Mexicans. They came over here. They aint supposed to be here, boy. Wooo! Its our country now, you hear? Thats right, boy. Go back to where you came from. Wooo! These Mexicans aint done nothing good. Aint brought nothing good to America. We dont need yall. Come on, Bubba. Its Taco Tuesday. Get out of here, but leave the recipes. [laughter] I feel like there should be a rule in America, they should say, you can hate immigrants all you want, but if you do, you dont get to eat their food. -[cheering] -Yeah? [whooping] Thats a fair exchange to me. You hate immigrants, -no immigrant food. [applause] And when I say no immigrant food, I mean no immigrant food. Nothing. No Mexican food. No Caribbean food. No Dominican food. No Asian food. Nothing. Only potatoes. [laughter] And Im not even saying flavored potatoes. Im saying plain potatoes. No spice. Because no immigrants, no spice. Dont ever forget that. Both figuratively and literally, no spice. And I know some people would take that. I know. I know people now whod be like, You know what? Take your immigrants, take your spice and get the hell out of here. You say that now, because youve never lived a life without spice. But dont ever forget. A life without spice was so hard, so hard, that it made white people sail around the world to find it. [whooping] And like… [whistling and applause] This wasnt regular sailing, this wasnt like a Disney cruise. These people sailed at a time when they believed if you went that way, you would fall off the edge of the Earth and die. And still, some man out there was eating some white ladies cooking and he was like, [English accent] I cant do this shit anymore. Im sailing that way. But what if you die? At least its exciting. No immigrants, no spice. And definitely no tacos. I know my friend Dave would never allow that. Ive never seen him so passionate. He gave me a speech about tacos like he was the heir to a taco dynasty. Finally, he turned to me and said, As your friend and as an American, Im going to make sure that you get tacos if its the last thing I ever do! I was like, Why dont we just go now? He was like, Thatll work. You know what my favorite part of any conversation is? When people think youre gonna argue with them, but you agree and theyve already chosen anger. Because nobody just changes their tone. Everyone has to stick in the anger for a while because they think it makes them seem less crazy. It happens in relationships all the time. Youll have a fight thats not a fight. You know? Youll be like, Goddamnit Karen, every time I ask for support, youre not there for me, and it hurts me sometimes. You know what, Bob, Im sorry. No, dont try and– Thank you very much. I didnt think you would apologize and so I chose this tone. And now I feel like an idiot. Im going to leave the room and reset. I wasnt going to fight, I want to have tacos. Lets go get tacos, Dave. So we rolled together, jumped into the car. And so we drove for about 20 minutes. To what I thought was going to be a restaurant. [nervous laughter] Instead, Dave pulls over into an abandoned parking lot. [whooping] He kills the engine, looks over at me and goes, Alright, dude. Were here. I was like, Where, at my murder scene? He was like, No dude, were getting tacos. Over there. He points, in the corner of the parking lot was a truck. A food truck, which Ive learned is common in America. Some of the best food you find is on a food truck. But at that point in time, youll have to forgive me, I was little bit apprehensive. Okay? I wasnt comfortable with the idea of getting food from an establishment -that wouldnt be there the next day. -[laughter] I feel like theres a certain level of accountability that comes with permanence. Dave was adamant, though. Hes like, You gotta get it from a truck. Thats how you know its real. I was like, Lets just get this over with, lets do it. So I hop out of the car, walk up to the truck, and it was definitely a taco truck, because there was a sign above it flashing that read Tacos. Tacos. [neon lightbulb sound] Tacos. [neon lightbulb sound] By the way, weird piece of trivia about me as a person, I hate signs that flash but dont change. Yeah, I always feel like a sign shouldnt be allowed to flash unless it intermittently changes to some other information. Otherwise, I think thats wasted suspense. It should be illegal. It always catches my eye and then I wait for something else, Like, Tacos and Tacos. And what else? Tacos. Anything else? Tacos. [shouting] Just stay on Tacos. Anyway, now Im irritated. I walk up to the truck. I get there, this little dude pops out. He was a completely different mood to me. You could tell. He popped his head out, Hey, how you doing, man? [Mexican accent] You want some tacos? I said, It would be awkward if we didnt. He says, What? Oh, yeah. Of course man, of course, but you never know. Maybe you want something else. Yeah? I said, What else do you have, my friend? He said, Nothing man, its a taco truck. I said, Oh, thank you. Thats a moment of my life Ill never get back. Thank you very much. He said, No, no, no. [speaking Spanish] Calma-te, man. I just dont want to waste your time. You want tacos, lets do tacos. How many tacos you want, my friend? I said, I dont know how many tacos to get. Ive never had tacos before. Youve never had tacos? -I said, No, I havent. -Youve never… had tacos? I was like, You should meet my friend Dave. Because Im not going to order food when I dont know what it is. Okay, I dont know what the quantities are. I dont know what tacos are, what a taco is. I dont know what a taco be. What do you say? How many do you get? Because if I go, Give me five. What if tacos are like little pigs or something? And Im like, Give me five! Next thing I know, Im walking home… [pig squeals] And thats how I started my farm. I have no clue what these things are. So, Im like, Yo man, I just want to try the food. Just give me enough to try. He said Okay. You just trying it out, two tacos is enough. I said, Okay, give me 2 tacos. Two tacos coming up! The guy goes to the back, starts preparing the food. I have no clue whats coming out. Comes back a few minutes later, Hey, my friend. Your tacos are ready. I was like, Thank you very much. Yeah, you want you want a napkin? -Im sorry, what? -Do want a napkin? And now, LA, this is where it gets weird for me. [muted laughter] Because, you see, where Im from, napkins are the things babies wear [laughter] to hold their shit. [loud laughter] The thing for your mouth, we call a serviette. But I didnt know that, so at this point this man turned to me, offered me food and then said, You want a napkin? I said, Im sorry, Im confused. Wh– Why would I want a napkin? You know, man. For the mess afterwards? [loud laughter] [applause] He said for the mess. How instant is it that Id need a napkin? Hey man, you never know with tacos, man. One minute you think you got it, the next thing, its coming out. It sounds like the most disgusting thing Ive ever heard in my life. He said, No its part of the experience. Everybody does it, man. You make a mess, you clean up, you come back and try again. You know? I said, Thats an experience I dont want to have, not gonna lie. -Im going to skip it. -Youre not going to try my food? I said, Ill try the food. But Im not gonna take the napkin, man. He says, What are you going to do? I say, If its as crazy as you say, Ill just eat the taco in the car on the way home. Oh… You think youre safe. Youre going to be driving? Somebody swerves, you hit the brakes. Splat! Its coming out. Dont be a hero, man. Just take the napkin. I said, Alright, Im not being a hero right now. Im just being a grown-ass man. Okay? If it gets really bad, Ill just squeeze super tight until I get to where Im going. Hes like, Thats the problem. Some people dont know, they squeeze too tight, then the juice comes spraying out even more. It can spray on your pants and on your shirt… Im like, On my shirt? How did this shit get onto my shirt? Is it just bouncing on the ground and ricocheting up? -What the hell is in this? -Hey man. You want the napkin or not? I dont even want your tacos right now, dude. So much stress. Now I love tacos. [laughter] [whooping] [applause] Yeah. I love tacos. I love Mexican food. I love Mexican people. [whooping] I dont even know what it is. I think its just people. We have a connection, you know. South Africans and Mexicans. People from shithole countries. We have this thing. I still cant believe the things Donald Trump says. Hes such a– For me, Donald Trump is an emotional paradox. Im not going to lie. You know. Logically, I can process him, emotionally I struggle. On the one hand, I will admit, I wake up many days terrified at the notion that hes president of the most powerful nation in the world. But I also must admit I wake up many days knowing hes going to make me laugh. Theres terror and theres joy, and I dont know how to feel. You know what it feels like sometimes? It feels like theres a giant asteroid headed towards the Earth. But its shaped like a penis. [laughter] Like, I think Im going to die. But I know Im going to laugh. Just look at everything that he does. The world we now live in because of him. You realize were living through history. You know. This will never happen in our lifetimes again. Were living through a time when we are all learning about the presidency at the same time as the president. Thats never happened. [whooping] How wild is that concept? You wake up everyday reading the news, and youre like, Wow, I didnt know that. And somewhere, at that exact same moment, hes reading the same news going, Wow, me too. And nobody knows where its gonna lead. Nobody knows what hes gonna do. All we know is that he wants his wall. He wants his wall. Donald Trump wants his wall. He needs 25 billion dollars the last time he asked. He needs it from American taxpayers because Mexico is smart. [man whoops] That fell apart real quick. Remember how confident he was at the rallies? People cheering for him. He was like, [imitates Trump] Folks, were gonna build [softly] a wall. [laughter] Were going to build a wall, folks. Whos going to pay? Mexico. Mexico was like, We aint paying for shit, man. [applause] We might build it, but were not going to pay for it, man. And if youve been following the journey of the wall, but its probably the best comedy on TV. Right? Because now theyve started building prototypes of the wall at the border, because Donald Trump said he wants them to test the wall first. I dont know how you do that. Theyre like, Try again. [laughter] And because of the prototypes, Donald Trump now has specifications for the wall. He now says he wants the wall to be made out of concrete, but he also needs the wall to be see-through. Alright. And the reason the president wants the wall to be see-through is because he said hes afraid that drug dealers from Mexico are going to shoot bags of drugs over the wall. And theyre going to hit Americans on the head as they walk by. So he needs the wall to be see-through, so that Americans can see the drugs coming and catch it. [applause] Im not going to lie. I dont know what a see-through wall is. But at this point, Im just worried that a contractor will come along and trick the president. Hell take him to the border and be like, There it is, Mr.Trump. Your invisible wall. [applause and whooping] And then just to make sure he buys it, hes going to hire a troupe of Mexican mimes to be like, Oh my God, you cant get through it. [impersonating Trump] It works. The mind of Donald Trump. The other idea he had for the wall, was he said America should build the wall out of solar panels. Thats what he said. He said America should build the wall out of solar panels because that way the wall would generate electricity and pay for itself. Yeah. Now, Im not going to lie. Thats a good idea, right. Its a good idea, unless you know anything about solar panels, or the Sun or walls. The problem with that idea is that the Sun is up. Yeah? Do we all agree on that? We still on the same page? The Sun is up, right? Er, a solar panel wall wont work, because a wall is like this. So, technically its facing down. So, unless you have a really swaggy sun. Thats like, Yeah, I shine real low, B. Its not going to work for you. The only way it works is if you take your board or solar panel and lean it at an angle to get the sun rays, but if you do that, youve created a giant ramp for Mexicans to shoot into America. -Just like, Ora le… -[laughter] The mind of Donald J. Trump. The J stands for Jesús. A lot of people dont know that. -[laughter] -A lot of self-loathing going on there. And hes always going after someone, right? Hes always going after someone. If its not Mexicans, its Muslims. If its not Muslims, its Africans from shithole countries. That one was my favorite, personally, because I am an African. I have shat in a hole. Um… I also liked it because people came up to me and asked me questions. Theres one man who came up to me after a show, really concerned. He was like, Trevor… Hey, can I ask you a question? I said, Yeah, go ahead, my friend. He said, Trevor, I just want to know, when Donald Trump says all these horribly racist things, do you sometimes just want to pack it up, leave America, go back to South Africa and escape all this racism? [laughter] I said, My friend, you dont go to South Africa to escape racism. Thats where you go to stock up. Are you kidding me? Thats the one thing that reminds me of home. The racism out here. Cause weve got tons of racism in South Africa and dont get me wrong, its gotten a lot better. When I was growing up, we had Apartheid. Erm and, you know, Apartheid was basically the best racism in the world. Um. Sorry, I didnt mean to say that. Now youll feel bad and be like, Our racism was the best. No, it wasnt. -It was good, but not the best. -[laughter] And I experienced a bunch of racism and everyone did. I never felt like it was a bad thing, mostly because of my family. You know, my, my mother is a black woman, a Xhosa woman. My father is Swiss from Switzerland, and them being a couple was against the law, and that was a problem for us living together. And so we experienced a ton of racism. In case youre wondering, yes. Xhosa is one of the languages with the clicks in it. [speaking Xhosa] But not like in American movies, just so you know. Ive seen those movies where they have Africans, and theyre like… [exaggerated clicking] [exaggerated gibberish] Thats not a language. Even we watch those movies, and were like… I wonder what they are saying, yeah? Where are they from? I think they from Cleveland? [laughter] Its not just clicks, the clicks are consonants. We still have vowels. I grew up in this family and we couldnt live together. I could live with my mom, but my dad couldnt live with us, it was illegal. And, and… people would be racist to us all the time. But I was really lucky growing up, because my mom is probably the most gangster human being youll ever meet in your life. Nothing got to her. -Nothing fazed her. [applause] I remember one day in particular, walking through the streets together. And some guy across the road shouted something really mean at us. And I was about four or five years old and I turned and looked at my mom and I said, Mommy, what do we do if people do the racism to us? My mom said, Baby, you know what we do if somebodys racist? We take that racism of theirs and we shake it up with the love of Jesus. And then we send it back. And I was like, What? [laughter] I was like, This ladys crazy. She was crazy, but she was also right. I didnt realize how right my mother was until decades later, which I feel is what always happens with your parents, right. Theyre crazy, and then you get to their age and youre like Oh, thats what it means. I only learned the lesson my mother was trying to teach me when I was a grown man. I was walking through the streets of Chicago, minding my own business. Some guy drove by in a pickup truck and called me the n-word. And Im not going to lie. I was disappointed. Mostly because he was driving a pickup truck. Yeah, I just feel like that was an unnecessary stereotype that he didnt need to perpetuate. You know… I feel like if youre going to be racist, do something different. Think outside the box. Drive a Prius. -[laughter] -Yeah. Its better for the environment and its quiet. You can sneak up on me. We both win. But no, the guy was, he was driving a pickup truck. Called me the n-word. Oh! To give you the full story, I was jaywalking. I was jaywalking. And I wont tell you this to justify what he did, I just want you to know that Im no angel. Okay? Yeah. I was crossing the road and then the light turned red for me, but I decided to walk anyways, because I dont see color. [audience member] Oh my God! And this man… This man was so offended by what I had done that he drove his truck around me rolled the window down, looked me dead in the eye, and he was like, Get out of the road, n i g g e r. Oh, you could see he wanted to hurt me. We locked eyes and I could see in that moment, he was waiting for me to be like… [slow motion No] [mock gunshot sound] What that man didnt know was where I was from. More importantly, who he didnt know was my mother. [applause] Because he thought it was just going to be a regular racist day. [laughter] He thought he was gonna drive by, throw the n-word out, carry on with his life. He didnt realize that that was the son of Patricia stepping into the road. And it happened in a moment, but it lasted a lifetime. Because I didnt even think. He shouted that word and out of nowhere, my body was like… [laughter] I was like, Oh shit, this is it! [loud laughter] And let me tell you something, LA, it was so beautiful, because I didnt plan it. I didnt think about it. All I know is I stepped into the road, he drove his truck around, rolled the window, looked me dead in the eye, said, Get out of the road, n i g g e r. And I turned and and I was like, Yo, my nigga. [laughter and applause] And he almost crashed and died. -[laughter] Yeah, Ive never seen a human being question themselves so many times in a split-second in my life. Because I was smiling and I could see in his face he was like, Wait, do I know you? Do I look like someone you know? And I dont know why he did this, but Ill never forget it. He looked at his hands. He looked at his hands like theyd somehow magically turned black. Like I had cursed him with a n i g g e r bomb. I dont know what he was thinking. Oh… I actually felt bad for him, man. Because Ive been called that word before, but that was his first time. You never forget your first time, you know? Im sorry. Im not going to– Is that what he wants? He wants to throw that word and my days spoiled? Thats how it is? He says, N i g g e r! [childish tone] He called me a n i g g e r. I dont have time for that. My mom always used to say. She said you cant control what people do to you, but you can control how you react. So I promised myself. I said, Ill never give a racist person the pleasure of seeing my pain. It may be painful, may be hurtful, but I wont give them the pleasure of seeing my pain. [applause and whistling] Someone says something racist, I take that racism, shake it up with the love of Jesus, send it right back. Dont get me wrong. Its not always easy. Not everyone can do the same thing. Not everyone should. I also understand that for me it is a little bit different. You dont I have a privilege in that I come from a country where the word n i g g e r was never used to oppress anybody. I mean we had another word, we had the best racism. Come on now. But not that word. That word we had was a word kaffir. So we have another word, same thing. Its crazy to me sometimes. Same racism, different word. And here it means nothing, right? Kaffir. Kaffir? Nothing. Some people are like, Is that like a probiotic? Is that what that is? Yeah, the probiotic of my pain. We dont have that in our supermarkets. For obvious reasons. No one warned me in America. I walk down the dairy aisle, I was like, Yogurt, ice cream… [screams] This lactose is intolerant. So its different around the world. I get that. You know. Its a privilege I have in dealing with the n-word. You know, in South Africa, no one was called a n i g g e r. All over Africa no one was oppressed using that word. So that word has no power. Anywhere you go. N i g g e r, n i g g e r, n i g g e r… Nothing. Whereas right now I can feel the tension in this room. I can feel it. Some people are like, Goddamn it, was that like 7 times? I get it, Trevor. Thats my quota for the year. Come on. I get it. It got me thinking that maybe we could use that. We could use that discrepancy to help each other out, and create a program where you guys send all of your racist people to Africa just once a year. Because Africans will roast the shit out of them. The best part about Africa is you dont even have to wait. Get off the plane and theres black people everywhere. Just jump straight in, and be like, N i g g e r, n i g g e r, n i g g e r Yeah, and because Africas run and owned by black people, theyre not afraid of white people. Theyll just be like, Jimbo, hes back. The nigga man. -How are you, nigga? [applause] God dammit. I keep telling you youre the n i g g e r. But you are the one who always says it, nigga man. Yeah, you nigga. Put on some sunscreen before you die, nigga. Lets go party. [applause] It would be different. Thats all Im saying. Its always weird for me, I wont lie, because although no one used that word in a derogatory way, the word n i g g e r in South Africa does exist. Technically, right? But in my moms language, Xhosa, the word nigga means to give. Thats what nigga means in Xhosa. Thats how you use it. [speaking Xhosa] [speaking Xhosa] So, not only does that word not hurt me, when racist people use it on me, all they end up doing is bringing back fond memories of my childhood. [laughter] I get flashbacks to when I was a little kid. Id be playing with my cousin and his toy cars I always stole his cars, I didnt have my own. Hed start screaming, like… [crying] Mama! Mama! My mom would run into the room. Shed be like [speaking Xhosa] Whats happening here? And my cousin would be like, Auntie… [sobbing nonsense in a trap style] [audience whooping] Shed be like Hey, hey, hey. Talk properly, I cant hear you. What happened? Hed be like, Trevor stole my toys. And my mom would be like, Trevor, did you steal your cousins toys? Id say, No, Mom, I didnt steal, Mom. -I promise I didnt steal. -Trevor… [speaks Xhosa] Dont lie to me. Did you steal those toys? I said, No, mom. I didnt steal anything. What happened was his cars were parked illegally, Mom. [laughter] And so I had to tow them, because you cant live in this society without laws. I mean, even me, Im just a humble civil servant at the end of the day, Mom. Without laws, we descend into chaos, Mom. If you think about it, thats all thats holding us up. As a civilization its the only thing that keeps us– Shed be like, Hey, dont come here with that smart mouth of yours. Give those toys back. I said, Mom, please. I just want to play– [speaks Xhosa] Give those toys back. Give those toys back. And Id be like Mom and shed be like Hey, n i g g e r. [speaks Xhosa repeatedly saying ‘n i g g e r] And my cousin would be there like, nigga, please. [laughter] Yo LA, you guys have been so much fun tonight. [loud whooping] [continued cheering] Thank you so much for coming out and joining me. I appreciate you all so much. Have a good night, everybody. [speaks Xhosa] [hip hop outro begins] [applause and whooping]

ADAM SANDLER@100% FRESH@2018@man] Okay, ready, and… Take your own cue, Adam. And action, Dan! [piano plays] ? It was the perfect day ? ? You had the sweetest smile ? ? You were my only way ? ? Yeah, we were doing it in style ? ? We were walkin and talkin And jammin and jawin ? ? It was you and me against the world ? ? Then you got hit by an electric car ? ? ‘Cause you didnt hear it comin ? [laughter] [cheering] Fuck those cars. You should… [cheers and applause] I have one. I have an electric car. But at least I have the decency when Im driving, to put my head out the window and go, Here comes the Sandman. [laughter] Sandman coming. Watch out. How about those Teslas now driving themselves? Those Teslas, thats pretty cool. They can drive themselves. Holy shit, man. I got in an accident with a Tesla and nobody was in there, and I didnt know who to exchange the information with… and I started screaming, Hey, you fucker. What the fuck? And the Teslas, you know, fucking windshield wipers are flappin about. And I was like, What the fuck does that mean? You did it. And its fucking lights are going on and off. Like its saying, Okay. All right. And, uh… Then we go to court and Im like, Im going to fucking destroy this thing. And then the Tesla shows up in a neck brace, and I say, Oh, give me a fucking break. What a liar. Hes a fucking liar. [piano plays] ? Oh, Grandmas roommate ? ? Why do you talk so much? ? [laughter] ? Dont you know I came to the nursing home ? ? To see my grandma ? [laughter] ? I just said hello ? ? To be polite ? [laughter] ? Now youre telling me That my grandma was rude ? ? ‘Cause she didnt share ? ? Her unsugared candy ? [laughter] ? Well, I guess that calls For a death pillow over your face ? [laughter] You ever go over to somebodys house and, uh… you ring the doorbell and the guy answers, and he says, Hey, take your shoes off? And then you go, Oh, God. Okay. And then he goes, Hey, take your socks off. And youre like, Take my socks off? And then he goes, Roll up your pants. Youre like, Roll my pants up? He puts some grapes down, and goes, Start stomping the grapes. Youre like, What the fuck are we doing? Hes like, Making the wine! You make me the wine. [laughter] [guitar strums] ? Oh, no ? ? Oh, no ? ? Oh, no, no, no, no, no ? ? Oh, no ? ? God no ? ? My mothers friend has a son Who just moved to Hollywood ? ? And she asked me to help him ? [laughter and applause] My wifes always putting lotion on my face. Dont you put a lot of lotion on your face out here in LA? My wife fucking really lathers on the lotion. She always says shes looking out for me. She just puts a lot of lotion. Like, theres too much. Doesnt rub it in either. She just puts it on my forehead, my cheeks, my nose… Then I found out, before me, my wife used to date a lemon meringue pie. And I was like… [laughter] She still likes him. She still likes him. I know she does. [piano plays] I dont give a shit. [laughter] ? Daddy shaved his beard today ? ? Mustache and sideburns went away ? ? Daddys lips are really small ? ? Doesnt have a chin at all ? ? Daddy made a big mistake ? [laughter] My father used to shave… My dad had a beard, and then, literally, every ten years would shave his beard. Like, didnt ask us, just fucking came out of nowhere, shaved. It was… Any time my father shaved his beard, it was the only time you saw him look vulnerable. When he first came out of the bathroom, he was like… [laughter] I was like, Dad has dimples? I didnt know Dad had dimples. [laughter] [imitates father] Itll grow back. Whyd you do it? I dont know. [laughter] It was… It was itchy. Its been itchy for ten fucking years? [laughter] I went to my friends house and he had a heated toilet seat. I sat on his heated toilet seat. Ive got to say it made you relax. I went a lot better than I usually go. I came out and said, I like that heated toilet seat. Whered you get that? He goes, I dont have a heated toilet seat. [laughter] You ever walking down the street and you say hi to a baby? And, uh… And the baby goes… [imitates baby speaking gibberish] And youre going, Yeah, thats great. And then… And the mother goes, He can say ‘hi back. And you go, Oh, yeah? And the kid goes… [speaks gibberish] You go, There it is. Then mother goes, No, he really can say it. And the kid goes… [speaks gibberish] And you go, Hey, that was great. The mother goes, No, he really can say it. And the kid goes… [speaks gibberish] And you go, There it is. That was it, right? And the mothers like, No! Say it. Say hi. And the kids like… [speaks gibberish] And… And then the mothers like, What the fuck? Say it! You said it earlier! And the kids like… [speaks gibberish] And youre like, Hey, that was a full sentence. Thats better than ‘Hi. And the mothers like, What the…? Im so mad at you, baby! [laughter] And then she like hands you the baby and is like, Ive got to walk this off. This is very discouraging for me. He said it earlier! And youre holding the baby, like… Say it. Go ahead and say it. Say, ‘Hi. Come on, you really upset your mother. And the kids looking at you… And youre like, Come on, get it out. Its gonna make her feel better. And the kids like… [speaks gibberish] And youre like, You can do it. Come on. And the kids like… [speaking gibberish softly] [whispers] Help me. [laughter] She… She… She wont let me get vaccinated. [laughter] Come on, theres no proof that thats good or bad yet. [speaks gibberish] [raspy voice] Ive been getting sick a lot. [laughter] [piano plays] ? My hands are shaking ? ? My hearts beating fast ? ? Im sweating through my cheap suit ? ? How much longer can it last? ? ? Im an alcoholic lawyer ? ? Facing the trial of my life ? ? And I need to sober up quickly ? ? If I want to make things right ? ? Put the bottle down, son ? [cheering] ? Theres an innocent man who needs you ? ? Put the bottle down, son ? [cheering] ? Theres nothing left to fear ? Wait, what day is it? [laughter] Shit. The trial was last week. And he got the chair? [laughter] ? Well, lets have a few whiskey sours In his memory ? [cheers and applause] My wife and I, we fool around pretty hardcore. We go at a pretty good. Its fun. You know, its nice. We love each other, and we fucking go pretty hard and… [laughter] It gets crazy. It gets pretty fucking nuts in there because its only me and her, nobody else. So, were like, Lets fucking… Lets do it all, you know? We do, uh… We do have a safe word. Its, Really? [laughter] My whole life, I always wanted to be able to do a flip. Wouldnt that be great? I was always growing up, going, Man, Ive got to get a flip going. Everybody will love me if I could just do a flip. Everybody would be like, Whoa, did you see the Sandman? He popped out a flip. I just wanted to be in a fucking Marshalls or something, buying some cheap clothes and going, Hey, watch this. Pop a flip and have the fucking lady at the cash register go, Did you fucking see that kid with the flip? Id be like. Hey, I do it all the time. But I never got that one down, man. I wish I did. Always I was like… I didnt know how to fucking practice. That was the problem. I didnt know how to do my first try. I would always get to right about here, and then go, Ah, I dont know. Im gonna get hurt. And when I got older, I wanted to learn how to speak fluent Italian too. And I did that. I mastered that. So, Im in Italy, and I meet the Pope himself, and in fluent Italian, I say to him, Hey, I love what youve done for the Church. I love what you youre doing for the world. America says, ‘Hello. Um… Am I getting into heaven? And in Italian he says, Can you do a flip? And I was like, Madonne! [laughter] Shit. Did you ever have a friend who rescues too many animals and, like, never can do anything? Hey, you want to go out in a couple days? Ah, no, my chickens eye fell out and Ive got to paste it back on. Oh, okay. That shouldnt take that long. Well, one of the ducks, she isnt quacking, so… [laughter] Ive got to look… [laughs] Ive got to look into that. Okay. [laughs] Dling! By the way, I never met this man. [laughter] Uh, this one is kind of a Bee Gee-esque tune. Kind of a… You like the Bee Gees out there? – I always liked the Bee Gees. – [cheering] ? Slow ? ? Slow ? ? Slow ? ? Slow ? ? Slow ? ? Mr. Slow Mo ? ? Mr. Slow Mo ? ? Slow ? ? Slow ? [vocalizing] ? Mr. Slow Mo ? ? Mr. Slow Mo ? ? Slow, slow ? ? Mr. Slow Mo ? ? Mr. Slow Mo ? ? Slow, slow ? ? Mr. Slow ? ? Mr. Slow Mo ? ? Mr. Slow Mo ? ? Im the slow motion man ? ? In the crosswalk ? [laughter] ? Walking just as slow as I can ? [laughter] ? Holding up the traffic ? ? As I walk across the street ? [laughter] ? Hardly even seems ? ? Like Im picking up my feet ? ? Im the slow motion man In the crosswalk ? [laughter] ? California laws will protect me ? [laughter] [applause] ? Then an earthquake hits ? ? And I fall deep in a crack ? ? And everybody cheers cause Im dead ? [laughter] ? Slow, slow ? ? Dying so slow ? [laughter] [cheers and applause] Thank you. ? Come on, right ? ? Thats right, feel that shit ? ? Unh, right ? ? Come on, Daddy ? ? Join in on this motherfucker Would you? ? ? Yeah, yeah-yeah, yeah ? ? So, lets go ? ? My Uber driver smells bad ? ? Uber driver smells bad ? ? Got a smelly Uber driver ? ? Uber driver smells bad ? ? Yeah ? ? A smelly Uber driver ? ? Yeah, thats right ? ? Got a smelly Uber driver ? ? Uber driver smells bad ? ? Got a smelly Uber driver ? ? He got a free water If you want a drink drink ? ? You know, what else he got ? ? He got a stink stink ? ? Uber driver smells bad ? ? God damn, what the fuck? ? ? Got a smelly Uber driver ? ? Yeah ? ? Uber driver smells bad ? ? Right when I got inside ? ? I was like, Uh-oh ? ? This Honda Civic smells ? ? Just like a butthole ? ? Uber driver smells bad ? ? What the fuck? Now, come on ? ? Got a smelly Uber driver ? ? Locked window ? ? Uber driver smells bad ? ? He rock the Google Maps ? ? He rock the window tint ? ? One thing he doesnt rock Is that deodorant ? ? God damn, Speed Stick that shit ? ? Uber driver smells bad ? ? What the fuck? Come on ? ? Got a smelly Uber driver ? ? Uber driver smells bad ? ? I need the iPhone charged ? ? I pass the cord back ? ? And when you take a bath ? ? Scrub the nutsack ? ? Scrub your nutsack ? ? What the fuck? ? ? Scrub your nutsack ? ? Common courtesy ? ? This shit got germs ? ? I cant believe the smell ? ? In these Uber cars ? ? Oh, wait, I shit my pants ? ? Ill give him five stars ? ? Give him five stars ? ? Damn ? ? Give him five stars ? ? Turns out the smell was me ? ? Better give him five stars ? ? Word up, motherfucker, yeah ? [cheers and applause] [clears throat] Oh, yes. [piano plays] ? Oh, cotton candy making me randy ? ? Multicolored lolli… ? [music skips] What the hell happened? I fucked it up. [piano plays] No! You dont just start over! You apologize to me! You dont just do that to the Sandman! [laughter] Okay. Lets start again. Well cut around it. Not yet! [laughter] Hit it! [piano plays] Hoo! Yes, yes, yes. ? Oh, cotton candy making me randy ? ? Multicolor lollipop Gobstopper never stop ? ? Red attire… ? I fucked up. All right, sorry. Fuck that shit! The Sandman dont fuck up. [laughter] Ooh, from the top. [laughs] [piano plays] ? Oh, cotton candy making me randy ? ? Multicolor lollipop Gobstopper never stop ? ? Reeses Pieces, Charleston Chew Butterfinger, Snickers too ? ? Red Atomic Fireball ? ? I want to eat them all ? ? Give me a green Jolly Rancher ? Let me hear you. [cheering] Lets go. [sings indistinctly] ? Laffy Taffy, Lemonhead ? ? Cadbury Eggs will hatch ? ? Kids from the Sourpatch ? ? Milk Duds and Swedish Fish ? ? Gummy bears and licorice ? ? If you got a Kit Kat I would like a taste of that ? ? The doctor says I got diabetes ? [laughter] Thank you. Yeah, okay, we did that again. I think that was better than the first time. Do you? Yes, yes. Absolutely. [piano plays] Okay, here comes a song. More dancing. [cheering] ? Yeah, lets hear you, Ohio ? ? Ohio ? Yes, sir. Here we go, here we go, here we go. Should we clap along? [audience claps along] All right, lets lose that. I hate it. [laughter] Sorry. [laughs] You were right on it. Its a thing of mine, man. I dont fucking like that shit. It was startling me. ? Well, we all know a guy Who shaves his chest ? ? We all know a guy Who wears a leather vest ? ? We all know a guy Who knows a lot about coffee ? [laughter] ? We all know a stud Who would fight anyone ? ? We all know a fool Who wears his hair in a bun ? ? We all know a guy ? ? Who says he fucked his babysitter When he was 12 ? [laughter] ? Yeah, we all know a guy Who wears too much cologne ? ? We all know a guy Whos better when hes stoned ? ? We all know a guy who hugs your wife Five seconds too long ? [audience laughs, clapping along] ? Well, we all know a guy Whos starting a band ? ? We all know a guy whos missing a hand ? ? We all know a guy who doesnt work ? ? But still goes twice a year to Ibiza ? [laughter] ? We all know a guy Who said he almost went pro ? ? We all know a guy with a red afro ? ? We all know a guy whos dick color Doesnt match his body ? [laughter] ? We all know a guy Whose hair always looks wet ? ? We all know a guy with a pig as a pet ? ? We all know a guy who knows a guy Who says he knows Guy Fieri ? [laughter] ? And we all know a guy With weird allergies ? ? We all know a guy Who sneezes in threes ? ? So how come we dont know ? ? Who my real father is? ? [laughter] No! Thank you. Thank you. [cheers and applause] Im a triple threat though. You didnt know I could dance that fucking good. Took many lessons growing up, man. [laughter and cheering] The hula… The hula hoop. Hula hoop, by the way, is very horny looking. When Im at my fucking kids birthday parties and some kid gives me a hula hoop and Im doing it, I feel so fucking gross. Im going… [laughter] You see other parents like, What the fuck? [laughter] Do you ever play miniature golf with your daughter and youre tied on the 18th hole? [laughter] And in the middle of her backswing, you just say, Hey, I tea-bagged your mother this morning. [laughter] And then… And then the kid sinks the putt and goes, Yeah, I know, I saw. [laughter] And youre like, This kid stays concentrated. Shes fucking good. Shes got focus. She could be somebody. [piano plays] Are there married folks out there tonight? Married folks. [cheering] I love it. Okay, this is for you guys. ? You tell me Im wrong ? ? But I know Im right ? ? You say, No fucking way ? ? But I insist that Im right ? ? So I pull out my phone ? ? And I look it up ? [laughter] ? I right away see I was wrong ? ? But I pretend I cant find the answer ? [laughter] ? So I fake like Im still looking ? ? And you say, So whos right? ? ? I say, My phone sucks ? ? And blame AT&T reception ? [laughter] ? Then you start to look it up ? ? So I just grab your phone And drop it into a glass of iced tea ? [cheers and applause] Thank you. Marriage is good, guys. Marriage is good. Youll like it one day if youre not married. You just got to keep it mysterious. You got to keep the mystery alive. Like, my wife has no idea where I go for weeks at a time. – Its fucking… Its a big mystery. – [man] You tell her where you are tonight? Yeah, she knows Im here. My kids dont. I just said I was going downstairs to get an apple. [laughter] [laughs] I always get these emails from the kids school that Ive got to come in. Its Terrific Tuesday… Make sure you come in. And youre like, Terrific… What the fuck is Terrific Tuesday? Well, you come by the school and you tell the kids how terrific they are. And Im like, Okay, Thirsty Thursday. Its Thirsty Thursday. Come by. You know, you help the kids fill their water bottles. Im like, my father literally came to school one fucking time my whole school career. He opened the door in the middle of a fucking test, and I hear, Whered you put the rake? [laughter] Im like, What? You put it on the nail? – I think I did. – You think? Its not there. [laughter] – Okay. – Its not okay. Ill get it for you after school. No, youll get it now! – [laughter] – [piano plays] Okay, here we go. ? One is a little guy hiding in a tree ? ? Two are together And theyre swimming out to sea ? ? Three on a Ferris wheel Four at the zoo ? ? Five in my pocket ? ? Six in my shoe ? ? Seven on a mountain top ? ? Eight in a park ? ? Nine in a gondola ? ? Ten in the dark ? ? Its everywhere you go ? ? Everywhere you look ? ? Everywhere youll find an anti-Semite ? There he is! [cheering] [whistling] Joking. Hes not. Leave him alone. Get the fucking lights off of him. He seems like a decent man. [laughter] Sorry. ? I am gonna read a book ? ? Read a book, read a book ? ? Gonna be a better man ? ? Better man than I am ? ? So I go to Amazon ? ? Amazon dot com ? ? And I buy a dozen books ? ? Lots of books, smart books ? ? They will ship them right away ? ? Right away, in a day ? ? And I have Amazon Prime ? ? So it doesnt cost a dime ? ? So I look at my new book ? ? Take a look at my book ? ? Right away I tune out ? ? Dont like reading, get distracted ? ? So I turn on my TV ? ? TV good, reading bad ? ? And I watch Property Brothers ? ? For 11 fucking hours ? [cheers and applause] Hello. You ever… How about the times you wake up… Ever wake up like 4:30 in the morning and youre like, God damn it. What am I doing up right now? 4:30, cant fall asleep… Im fucking ruined for the day. Ever do one of those things where you go, Let me just get out of bed, and live like those people who always go, Hey, I get up at 4:30 every day. I do that for me. Thats me time. I spend the morning alone. Thats my time and its the best. It sets me in the right mood. Youre like, Let me be one of those fucking pricks. Ill get up at 4:30. And you get up at 4:30 and you make yourself breakfast. Youre like, Wow, this is good. making breakfast. I never do that. And then you work out. Youre like, Im working out this early. Holy shit. Thats out of the way. Thats great. And then you have yourself another breakfast. Youre like, Okay, Im running out of shit to do. And then you flip on the news and you go, Theres news before the news? Who the fuck are these people? Theyre very good. They should be on the real news. Then you go outside and you see a bird eating a worm. Youre like, Is that the fucking early bird? Ive been hearing about that thing for a long time. There he is. Holy shit. Then a bus shows up, and your kids get on it. Youre like, Thats how they fucking get to school. Nobody fucking told me… What a day. This is interesting. And then its around 11 oclock and youre in the middle of a work meeting and youre like, How long is this fucking day gonna go for? Let me sleep! [laughter] My wifes grandmother turned… she turned 101 years old, which is nice, 101 years old. – [cheers and applause] – Thats good for the family, you know, good to have that in your genes. My daughters got that great life. My family, we fucking die… I should be dead is all Im saying. It makes no sense that Im here right now. But 101 years old… I went to her birthday, I gave her 101 punches in the shoulder… Just, she kept going, Ooh. And I was saying, Its tradition. We cant break tradition, Grandma. She was like, I want to break tradition. I was like, Well, you cant. So, just fucking deal with 94 more. And bam. Oh! [laughter] [keyboard plays] ? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ? ? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ? ? Grandma died ? ? Grandma died ? ? Grandma died today ? ? How are we gonna tell the kids? ? ? Grandma died today ? ? I guess Ill go to a bingo game and steal ? ? Somebody elses grandma ? ? And hope that my dumb kids ? ? Cant tell the difference ? [laughs] Whats going on? You getting this camera all set? Dont get hurt. Thats a heavy fucking piece of machinery. Its blocking you good. You okay? You got your beer. Thats a big fucking beer, man. [laughter] Way to go. You get loose. I dedicate this song to the fucking drunk guy right there. [laughter] [cheers and applause] Here we go. [rock music plays] Yeah. Shoop! [cheering] [woman] I love you! ? I am a grown man ? [laughter] ? Pissing in the shower in my house ? ? Yes, I am a grown man ? ? Pissing in the shower in my house ? ? I have no respect for my family ? ? My kids will take a bath in here today ? ? I know I should go to the toilet ? ? But the toilet is too far ? ? The toilet is too far away ? [cheers and applause] ? I said the toilet is too far ? ? The toilet is too far ? ? Once when I was drunk, I… ? ? Took a piss in the kitchen sink ? [laughter] ? But I prefer the shower ? ? My wifes loofah is starting to stink ? [laughter] ? When my kids go to school in the morning ? ? They smell like theyre soaking in piss ? [laughter] ? Sometimes before I shower ? [man] ? Sometimes before I shower ? ? I eat some asparagus ? [laughter] ? I am an animal ? ? I am a destroyer ? [cheering] ? They caught me pissing In my neighbors pool ? [laughter] ? And now I have to get a lawyer ? ? It was worth it ? [cheering] Thank you! That was fun. Are you ever wiping yourself, uh, back there… Youre wiping up pretty good, and then you keep wiping. And then youve really… youve got to keep wiping. And you wipe again, and then you wipe another one. Then you go, You know what? Just out of principal, Im stopping after this next one. Its fucking enough already. I dont care if Im done or not. This is fucking killing me. [laughter] Whatever happens happens. Get me the fuck out of here. [laughter] I did my first dick pic, everybody. [cheering] Thank you. A dick pick is… thats a weird thing to do. Theres no reason for me to do it. Im fucking married. But all my friends are doing them, so Im like, What the fuck, let me just… at least I can be part of the conversation when theyre talking about their dick pics. I can go, Oh, yes, definitely. You know? [laughter] So, I do my first dick pick. I look back at it. Theres a ghost in the background. So theres a ghost in the image, and Im like, I live in fucking haunted house? I had no idea. I want to show everybody… cause… what are the chances of catching that? But my dick doesnt look… as good as I want it to look in the image. Plus, you know, the fucking ghost was really tall, so he made my dick not look… exact. Plus the fucking ghost was holding a ruler next to my dick. I was like, What the fuck is your problem? to the ghost. He was like… The ghost was like, I live here too. I like to have fun. [laughter] All right, Im gonna play guitar a little bit for you. [electric guitar plays] [cheering] ? My kids only got one line in a play ? ? My kids only got one line in a play ? ? My kids only got one line in a play ? ? My kids only got one line in a play ? ? And yet, the fact is ? ? We still gotta practice ? ? Every day ? ? Oh, no, my kids only got One line in a play ? ? My-my-my kids only got One line in a play ? ? The dumb teacher Gave the big parts away ? ? Oh, no, my kids only got One line in a play ? ? Its in the first five minutes ? [laughter] ? But my wife says We still gotta stay the whole way ? ? Fuck no My kids only got one line in a play ? ? As soon as my wife looks the other way ? ? I phone in a bomb scare And I call it a day ? ? Because my kids only got One line in a play ? ? And she got it wrong ? [laughter] [cheers and applause] You love your kids more than anything on the planet until like 9:30 at night. And then youre like, Okay… thats enough. [laughter] I loved you all day long. Just give me a little break. I answered all your crazy questions. I dont even know… I know nothing. That does not fucking help when you have to answer your kid. Ive got to make up every goddamn answer. Are whales smart, Daddy? Well, you know, theyre more street smart than book smart, but… I dont fucking know anything about whales. My daughter plays basketball, my nine year old. So, I go and see her play basketball, and shes a sweetheart of a kid. And every time they put the kid in the game, I get so excited. I take my video camera out, and I fucking video everything she does. And so, a couple Sundays ago, Im videoing my daughter and another dad goes, Hey, can you email me that when youre done? And I go, Yeah, absolutely, dude. And then Im videoing my kid and then I remembered. Actually, when I video my kid, I say a lot of things, and… Its always not stuff I want other people to hear. And Im always like, Okay, you got it, you little cutie. Youve got the ball. Youre so good. Look how good you are. You take the ball. Pass it to my kid. Somebody pass it to my kid. Ill get a break your fucking neck, I swear to God. Give that fucking ball to my fucking kid. You all suck out there. And I was like, I better not email that to that man there. So I just emailed him the ghost/dick pic thing. The guy was like, What the fucks with the ruler? I go, Yeah, the ghost was an asshole. Fuck that guy. Im with you. My little sweet daughter… the sixth grader, she comes back from school and shes like, All the boys keep saying, ‘Thats what she said… and then they all laugh. Why Daddy? And I was like, Oh, boy. Yeah, it seems like anything I say, they say, ‘Thats what she said. They look at each other, and they just laugh and laugh. And Im confused. Help me Dad-da. And so, Im like, Okay, how do I explain this to her? And Im trying to just figure out, you know, the right way to do it, in a clean way, no cursing. And Im just going, Uh… uh… uh… uh, well, its a… And then my kid goes, Thats okay, Daddy. You tried your best. [laughter] And I was like, Thats what she said. [laughter] All right, lets do this. [piano plays] Thats not true. None of that… None of this fucking story… All this is a lie. All right. [laughter] [laughs] ? Ill take the large, please ? ? Cant believe my eyes ? ? Sprinkles and fudge And a smelly surprise ? ? Oh, ice cream lady ? ? Thank you for letting me Eat your pussy ? [laughter] [laughs] Come on. [cheering] You know you would fucking go to that ice cream place all the time. [Sandler] Oh, Sandman. Thats too much. [piano plays] Okay. Just getting ready. ? The pilot had a heart attack ? ? The co-pilot cant be found ? ? The people in the aisles are screaming ? ? They know the planes going down ? ? We need a hero, someone to save us ? ? We need a hero to land the plane ? ? We need a hero whos going to do it ? ? We need a hero to save the day ? ? So I jump to my feet and I volunteer ? ? The people on the plane All start to cheer ? ? I get a high-five from a baby ? ? And a hickey from a flight attendant ? ? So I go in the cockpit Put the headset on ? ? And grab the main control ? ? Then right away I crash the plane ? ? Because I dont know what Im doing ? [laughter] Thank you, thank you, thank you. [applause] Yeah. Thank you. [piano plays] ? Were on a runaway train ? ? The conductor had a meltdown ? ? The people in the dining car ? ? Are screaming really, really loud ? ? We need a hero, someone to save us ? ? Yeah, we need a hero To bring us through the danger ? ? We need a hero, somebody competent ? ? We need a hero to save the day, yeah ? ? So I put the engineers hat On the top of my head ? ? The people go fucking crazy ? ? A guy says, Youre the man, man ? ? And a deaf woman signs Go get em ? ? Then I go to the cab And I toot the whistle ? ? Thats something I always wanted to do ? ? Then right away we fly off the bridge ? ? Because I dont know what Im doing ? [laughter] Thank you. Thank you. [applause] Thank you. Ahh. ? Were in a nice family restaurant ? ? Somebodys grandmas choking On a lamb chop ? ? Theres panic in the air As Nanas face turns blue ? ? The busboy screams in Spanish What the fuck do we do? ? ? We need a hero whos gonna do it ? ? We need a hero To clean out her windpipe ? ? We need a hero Whos down with Heimlich ? ? We need a hero to save the day, yeah ? ? So I slap my napkin down on the table ? ? And I get a fucking standing ovation ? ? Another guy gets up And says hes a doctor ? ? I say, Sit the fuck down I got this shit ? ? Then I wrap my arms Around Grandmas chest ? ? And I look her grandkids Deep in the eyes ? ? Then right away… ? [laughs] ? Then right away I break all her ribs ? ? Because I dont know what Im doing ? Grandma! [cheers and applause] What the fuck was that? After every joke… [plays guitar] This is one that we dont play that much But, uh… but I figured its fucking Jersey. I think you guys might enjoy this. So here we go. [cheers and applause] ? Thirteenth birthday ? ? People come from far away ? ? Aunts and uncles show up ? ? I brush my fro up ? ? Feeling skittish ? ? People speaking Yiddish ? ? Buy a freaky suit and tie ? ? Tailors hanging on my thigh ? ? Practice for the whole year ? ? Paralyzed with fear ? ? Hebrew flash cards on my walls ? ? Voice is changing, dropped my balls ? ? Dads mad at the cost ? ? Too bad Moms the boss ? ? Grandmas are full of joy ? ? For the Bar Mitzvah boy ? [man] ? Bar Mitzvah boy ? ? Bar Mitzvah boy ? [man] ? Bar Mitzvah boy ? ? Bar Mitzvah boy ? [man] ? Bar Mitzvah boy ? ? Bar Mitzvah boy ? [man] ? Bar Mitzvah boy ? ? Okay, up on the podium ? ? Im staring out at everyone ? ? Cant remember how it goes ? ? Whistle from my rabbis nose ? ? Oh, man, this is it ? ? Make up some crazy shit ? ? Baruch atah, a cha-cha-cha ? ? Everybody says, Good job ? ? Now Im done, sweet relief ? ? Lipstick on Mamas teeth ? ? Catholic friends all ask me this ? ? What the fuck is a knish? ? ? Kids are all coming in ? ? Checks and bonds and fountain pens ? ? Make a bank deposit ? ? Make out in the closet ? ? Hes the Bar Mitzvah boy ? [man] ? Bar Mitzvah boy ? ? Bar Mitzvah boy ? [man] ? Bar Mitzvah boy ? ? Bar Mitzvah boy ? ? Bar Mitzvah boy ? ? Bar Mitzvah boy ? [man] ? Bar Mitzvah boy ? ? The rabbi does the Electric Slide ? ? Grandmas ass is six feet wide ? ? Party music never stops ? ? All my friends drinking schnapps ? ? Boys are short, girls are tall ? ? Pass me the alcohol ? ? Chug as much as I can ? ? Vomit on the klezmer band ? ? Mom and Dad yell at me ? ? This strains my family ? ? But Im a man, so I dont care ? ? Got my first mustache hair ? ? Im the Bar Mitzvah boy ? [man] ? Bar Mitzvah boy ? ? Bar Mitzvah boy ? [man] ? Bar Mitzvah boy ? ? Bar Mitzvah boy ? [man] ? Bar Mitzvah boy ? ? Bar Mitzvah boy ? [man] ? Bar Mitzvah boy ? ? And its the best day of my life ? ? Until three years later ? ? When my parents stop Making me go to temple ? [laughter] Very nice, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you. [cheers and applause] So Ill tell you a little story about Disney World. You want to hear a true Adam Sandler Story? Please, I can… Okay. [cheers and applause] So you guys have been to Disney World, right? [cheering] The families have been there. Who doesnt have kids and still goes to Disney World? [cheering] You fucking stoners. [laughter] Im on to you. [laughs] All right, so I go to Disney World recently with my wife and the two kids. My kids wanted to go on this roller coaster. They were very excited. So, we wait on the line. Were waiting. You know the lines are very long. So, it takes like an hour and 15 minutes. We get to the front of the line, and then the roller coaster, we find out, only takes three people at a time. So, theres four of us. And I see my wife and the two kids just immediately start walking to the thing. And I was like, were not even gonna flip a coin. Not… Not even a thought, right? Theyre like, No, no… I was like, Yeah. All right. And so, Im sitting there very angry. Im stewing. Like, I waited a fucking hour and 15 minutes to go on this fucking shit with you guys, and you fucking bail on me. Then I see it happens to some other dad from Oklahoma, and hes muttering. Hes like, Goddamn motherfucker… Theyre mean as shit. And Im like, Yeah, yeah. And then I say to the other dad, I go, You want fucking me and you to go on it together? And hes like, What? I go, Well, Im not going alone. Lets fucking do this shit. Ill go with you. And hes like, Yeah, whatever the fuck you want. And so… [laughs] So I get on the roller coaster with the guy and were both not talking to each other. The roller coaster takes off, and you know how they take off so fucking fast… that both our necks snap back, and we look at each other. And hes like Ooh, that got me. I was like, Oh, yeah, that was fucked up, man. We start laughing a little bit. And were fucking all of a sudden loosening up. And were fucking doing all the… jetting, banging into these fucking crazy turns. Im fucking leaning, 100% leaning on the guy. Hes looking at me like, What the fuck? I was like, Hey, here we are. And were laughing our asses off. And Im like, Holy shit, I havent been this happy in at least 11 years. I know that, but whatever, Im fucking… jetting around, fucking doing loop-the-loops. Hes fucking bumping my first. Im like, Yeah, motherfucker. Hes like, Yeah, baby. We get to the end. The fucking… You know how the break comes out of nowhere. It fucking screeches on, both our fucking heads snap again. Hes like, They got us again. I was like, Fuck yeah, well never learn. [laughter] So, uh, were creeping up to, you know, getting off the ride, how its like a little slow at exit, and were sitting there, and Im fucking… I feel this crazy pain in my heart, and Im like, Did I fucking fall in love with this guy or some shit? What happened? And hes not looking at me. Im like this guy feels it too, cause hes in a fucking daze. Were both… And my kids are like, Come on, lets go to Peter Pan. I was like, All right, in a minute. Im yelling at the kids too loud. Ive got to say goodbye to the man. And, uh… I get off. I go, Hey, nice to meet you. Hes like, Yeah, nice to meet you. He wont look at me, and were both all fucked up. He goes back to his family, I go back to mine. Im walking away. In my head, Im like, Im never gonna see that fucking guy again, and I dont feel good about that. Um… And then I… And then I go… They take your picture though… on those rides. You know, just for memorys sake. Just, what the fuck, Im gonna go see, maybe they snapped us, maybe they didnt. But if they did… why not? Fuck it, you know. Lets just see. And so, we… We go to the, uh… I go to that place where theres the fucking monitor up. Sure enough, theres a picture of me and the guy, upside down, in the loop-the-loop… staring so deep into each others eyes. It was fucking bananas. I was like, Okay, he felt it. He definitely felt it too. So, I say to the lady behind the counter, Hey, how much is that? And the lady goes, Sixty-five dollars. I was like, Oh. Okay. And then I take my phone out, and I fucking snap a shot of it. And then I feel this energy behind me. I look back, and its the guy from Oklahoma. Hes holding the picture he just bought. And he was like, I wasnt worth it? [laughter] So, anyways… If that man is watching my Netflix special right now, I think of you a lot, sir. I think of you a lot. All right, Milwaukee, lets fucking do this shit. Here we go. [hip hop music plays] ? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah ? ? Here we go again ? ? Come on ? ? Im heading out ? ? And all Im taking with me ? ? Is my phone, wallet, keys ? ? Yeah, phone, wallet, keys ? ? Just those three things, please Need my phone, wallet, keys ? ? Got my credit cards in my wallet ? ? Got my phone, you can call it ? ? Masterlock on my front door ? ? Thats what my motherfucking keys Are for ? ? My phone, wallet, keys ? ? Yeah, phone, wallet, keys ? ? Good things come in threes Need my phone, wallet, keys ? ? If Im going to the zoo I need my phone, wallet, keys ? ? If Im getting a face tattoo I need my phone, wallet, keys ? ? If Im going out to a wedding If its winter time and Im sledding ? ? If Im at the Daddy-Daughter dance My phone, wallet, keys are in my pants ? ? Im going on vacation To the West Indies ? ? And I dont got no luggage ? ? Just got phone, wallet, keys ? ? I roll on up to the airport ? ? Lady asks for my passport ? Fuck. Okay. ? Guess I need my phone Wallet, passport, keys ? ? Phone, wallet, passport, keys ? ? Now I need four things, bitch, please Phone, wallet, passport, keys ? ? Im finally on the plane Im riding Delta, Delta ? ? The lady farted next to me ? ? I smelled her, I smelled her ? ? We get to 30,000 feet ? ? I recline my fucking seat ? ? About to watch a movie, stop ? ? I forgot my laptop ? ? Mm, motherfucker ? ? Damn it ? ? Now I need my laptop Phone, wallet, passport, keys ? ? Laptop, phone, wallet, passport, keys ? ? Too much shit, five fucking things ? ? Laptop, phone, wallet, passport, keys Im swinging my shit all over the place ? ? Im hurting ya, Im hurting ya ? ? Im carrying so much shit ? ? I got a hernia, a hernia ? ? No place to put it, what can I do? Probably should take my iPad too ? ? What the fuck else did I forget? ? ? Sandman, you need tons of shit ? ? My Tic Tacs, my backpack ? ? My Zippo lighter, my charge pack My sunglasses, my hairspray ? ? My headphones ? ? Theyre Beats by Dre ? ? My notebook, my GoPro My vape pen, my crossbow ? ? My toothpick, my pocket knife ? ? Oh, fuck, I forgot my wife ? [man] ? Phone, wallet, keys ? ? God damn ? ? Phone, wallet, keys ? ? It used to be so easy ? ? With my phone, my wallet And my keys-ee ? ? Phone, wallet, keys, yeah Phone, wallet, keys ? ? It used to be a breez-ee ? ? With my phone, my wallet And my keys-ee ? ? My pockets got so heavy Now Im cramping, Im cramping ? ? Each time I leave my house Its like Im camping, Im camping ? ? Im miserable, just standing around Im like a walking lost and found ? ? You know Id rather stay at home ? ? Where all I needs my fucking phone ? [man] ? Phone, phone, phone ? ? Yeah ? ? Phone, phone, phone ? ? Much happier at home ? ? Just playing with my phone ? ? Phone, phone, phone ? ? Yeah ? ? Phone, phone, phone ? ? Yeah, Ill just stay at home ? ? And fiddle with my phone on the toilet ? [laughter] [cheering] Im gonna do my first mic drop. Yeah. Yeah. You just got Sandoozled. [laughs] [sings indistinctly] Yeah, yeah. Sweet, sweet, sweet. That was a good ending. Thank you. [cheering] [electronic music plays] Whoa, what the fuck is that? What is that? Oh, shit, you scared me with that one. Give me a second. Wait, okay. Okay, here we go. This ones fun. ? Hes a very strong lad ? ? But he hasnt been laid in years ? ? Because the strong and handsome lad ? ? Has a terrible case of UFC ears ? ? UFC ears, UFC ears ? ? Cauliflower wrestling, UFC ears ? ? UFC ears, UFC ears ? ? Swollen and disfigured UFC ears ? ? He can beat you in the Octagon ? [laughter] ? Afterwards drink 30 beers ? ? But that doesnt change The horrible fact ? ? He also has a case of UFC ears ? ? UFC ears, UFC ears ? ? Tiny little holes in his UFC ears ? ? UFC ears, UFC ears ? ? Cant stop looking at those UFC ears ? ? Heavyweight boxers get the broken nose ? ? Ballet dancers Have those fucked up toes ? ? MLB pitchers all have crazy beards ? ? But I cant believe these guys Can fucking hear ? ? With those UFC ears ? ? UFC ears ? ? Puffy and disturbing UFC ears ? ? UFC ears, thats right, UFC ears ? ? Cries himself to sleep Hes got UFC ears ? ? Now, after the show tonight ? ? Ill be shaking With cheeks wet with tears ? ? Because hes going to find me And beat my fucking head in ? ? Screaming, Welcome to the club Of UFC ears ? [cheers and applause] ? Ears ? ? Ears ? ? Ears ? ? Ears ? Yeah. Oh my. Thats some smokey shit. This is not from us. There is a fucking fire. Lets get the fuck out of here. Quick. No, Im just joking. Dont… dont bail on me. – Is that going into your mouth? – [laughter] Thats… Yeah, thats… [laughs] Thats what she said. Yes. Very good. – [laughter] – That was fun. Really good. I liked that. Yes, those UFC guys, they are built pretty fucking good. I cant stand… Thats the only reason I dont watch. I get so angry at how fucking chiselled these fucking guys are. I go to the gym, of course, but I just go to pick my wife up. Im always like, Hey, how was that? Howd it go in there? Shes like, Youve got to come in. Im like, Yeah, definitely. I got old enough now that I dont take my shirt off anymore. Im 51, 51 years old. [cheers and applause] So, I dont take my shirt off anymore when I go swimming at, like, a hotel pool with my kids. I keep my fucking shirt on. Im swimming, and everyones pointing and stuff, and like this lifeguard was yelling at me. You cant do that. Im like, What the fuck is… Im humiliated, buddy. I just dont want to take my fucking shirt off. Hes like, No, youve got to wear a bathing suit, your dick is out. Im like, Oh, okay. Oh, this is, uh… one of the fancy Howard Johnsons. I got you. Fuck. Sorry, man. The guys over 50 know what Im talking about. The testicles do get bigger and bigger as you get older. They hang lower and whatever the fuck happens… You know, youve seen it at the YMCA your whole life, the older men with the giant balls, and youre always wondering why theyre so free and happy, fucking… Those are like the 85-year-old guys. They dont give a fuck. They just swing it… and whatever. They dont even think of throwing a towel on. Theyre just like, This is it. I only got a few years left. I want… You should remember me how I am, with these giant… My balls are not that big, but they still dont make sense on my body. My dick literally looks like its sitting in a bean bag chair. Yeah, its so comfortable. My dick never… it never wants to leave the balls. Its always just resting. So nice, like, I love you guys. Youre my best friends. [laughter] The new giant balls get me into trouble with my wife now, because were both not used to them. Im behind her doing my thing, what you do when youre behind your wife. And Ill hear, Hey, hey, no spanking. Im like, That wasnt me. That was… That was those guys, babe. And shes like, Oh… Oh, you got me again. [piano plays] Okay, this is for the people who either live together or have been married for awhile. Okay? This is for you. ? Youre giving me a strange look In the mirror ? ? As I brush my teeth ? [laughter] ? I dont know What I could have done wrong ? ? ‘Cause I literally just woke up ? [laughter] ? Maybe you had a dream That I cheated on you ? [laughter] ? Or you remember something mean I said Like two fucking years ago ? [laughter] ? All I know is that all day long Its gonna be weird ? [laughter] ? Eggshells ? ? Why the hell is she walking past me Without talking? ? ? Eggshells ? ? I told her her hair looked good ? ? And that somehow made things worse ? [man] ? Eggshells ? ? When she picks up the phone She uses a nice voice ? ? But when she hangs up Its back to fucking monotone ? [laughter] ? Eggshells ? ? I see youre reading a book In the kitchen ? ? But she hasnt turned a page In 45 fucking minutes ? [laughter] ? Eggshells ? ? Then I realize I said yesterday ? ? Id start going on walks with her ? ? But I didnt say it With enough enthusiasm ? [laughter and applause] Thank you. [man] Yo, Sandman, whats your favorite vegetable? Ah-ha, we get it. [rock music plays] Oh, shit. Yeah. ? Unh, unh, unh, unh ? Get up! Oh, everybody in the fucking arena go fucking mental! [cheering] ? Oh, yeah ? ? Feels so good ? ? Kiss your body ? ? Come on, lets get naughty ? ? Now were in the groove ? ? Rocking so hard Her bellys starting to move, yeah ? ? Im gonna show you how ? ? Nothing in the worlds Gonna stop us now ? ? So lets both ignore That crazy pussy fart ? [laughter] [laughs] Thank you. The vagina fart has been around a long time, girls. No problem. Its fun. The vagina fart, girls, I gotta say still gets you every time. Everybody. Every fellow here enjoys them so much. Just keep them coming, girls. It just provides entertainment in the bedroom. Guys do not say nothing about it. Guys will fucking ignore it every time. Just because, you know, if you comment on it, its fucking over. Youre getting up and leaving and thats it. So youre like, Okay, whatever the fuck that was, lets keep… Lets keep going forward. I have been face-to-face with the vagina fart. Ive been tagged pretty hard by my wife right there. I dont say shit. You know, I might go like, Uh. I might give her one of those. Hey, now. But I always get right back in there and finish off when I started. You know, if my wife hits me with like four or five of them in a row, I might say, I think youve got to do some fucking jumping jacks or some shit. You know, get a Q-Tip, fucking pop that… You got… Somethings wrong. Somethings going on with you. But when you come back, Ill fucking finish you good. I promise you. If it was reversed… let me just say… the girls would not be as sweet to us. If there was a dick fart, if there was such a… Theres no dick fart, but if there was a dick fart… And it would be nothing. Its such a little hole. The sound would be nothing. Your vaginas literally are like acoustically fucking made to blast out a boomer. And… And were just like, All right, lets play it off like it didnt happen. With a dick fart, youd be like… At the most, it would sound like… [soft whistling] And youd be like, Whoa, what the fuck is that? [laughter] [soft whistling] Im nervous. I dont know. You dont think thats cute? It sounds like a little Disney character. [laughter] Cinderelly. Im leaving! Wed have to play it off like it didnt happen. Like, No, I think the teas ready. [soft whistling] [laughter] [laughs] My wife, one time, hit me in the face with a combo platter. She hit me with the vagina to the mouth… Up high. At the very same time, hit me in the neck with the other… the, uh… She came up high and down low at the very same time. I fucking dont know what happened. One time in 20 years. Just fucking bam, in the face, one in the neck. Fucking hit me hard, it was like the perfect storm. We dont know what she was eating that day, but whatever the fuck it was, she got me good. Ive got to say, it literally felt like somebody opened the door on a fucking airplane. It was like, Whoa! [laughter] There was debris in the air and fucking… Other passengers were floating through my fucking room. [laughter] Oxygen masks dropped down. You know, I was… But I fucking took it like… I did wish someone else saw it. That was fucking incredible. And then I hear the ghost go, I saw that shit. Oh, my God. It fucking blew the ruler out of my hand. [laughter] So I tell my wife recently I would love to try anal. And I say to my wife, Hey, I would love to try anal. And she goes, Oh, I wouldnt. And then I say, Oh. [laughter] I said, But I would. And she goes, Yeah, I know. I heard. [laughter] And then I said, Okay, so lets… I really think we should. She goes, Im just not into that. And then I said, You know, what? I love you. Im gonna be with you for the rest of my life. Ive been with you 20 years. Ive never cheated on you. I never will cheat on you. – Its you and me against the world, baby. – [cheering] And, uh… I really… I got nowhere else to get this anal. – So… – [laughter] I was like, Youve got to fucking help me out. Its a fantasy. Please? And, uh… And she was nice. She said okay. And so, on my birthday, she gave it up. She gave it to me, and she said she liked it. She said it was fun and she couldnt believe she fit her whole fist inside me… – And so… I dont know. – [laughter] I said, You see? New experiences. Shes a good girl. Thats my baby. Thats my baby. [Sandler] Oh, Sandman. Thats too much. [piano plays] ? Mmm ? ? Its awfully cold in outer space today ? ? The earth is just a tiny speck ? ? A million miles away ? ? Im floating through the darkness ? ? Theres nothing much to see ? ? And a Cosmonaut named Yuri ? ? Is the only one with me ? [laughter] ? Mmm ? ? Now were in zero gravity ? ? Just spinning round and round ? ? The next thing you know Im right side up ? ? And Yuris upside down ? ? My penis accidentally goes In his mouth ? [laughter] ? His penis accidentally goes in mine ? [laughter] ? Yes, its just another accident ? ? On Station 69 ? [laughter] Ladies and gentlemen… Yuri. [cheers and applause] Hello, people of Earth. [cheering and whistling] ? Its awfully cold In outer space tonight ? [Sandler] Yes. ? I sent a message back to Earth ? ? To tell them were all right, yes ? ? I check the telescopes ? ? And look for instruments to fix ? [laughter] ? But my favorite part of space ? ? Is when we suck each others dicks ? [Sandler] Absolutely. ? Were spinning around in circles ? ? And it feels very nice ? ? When we kiss each others penis tips ? ? It seems like paradise ? ? Were travelling in light speed ? Yes. ? Its an intergalactic ride ? ? Well, we used to have a monkey ? Remember? ? But I fucked it till it died ? Yes, yes. ? Yes, were in zero gravity ? ? Just spinning round and round ? ? The next thing you know Im right-side up ? ? And I am upside down ? [cheering and whistling] ? He accidentally puts his penis In my mouth ? ? And he puts his penis in mine ? [laughter] ? Yes, its just another accident ? ? Its just another thing That on purpose I did ? [laughter] ? Its… Its just… ? [laughs] ? Its just another afternoon ? [both] ? On Station 69 ? [cheers and applause] Go! Go back! Go back to space! Get out of here! Take him away! [laughs] What are you doing? Help him. [laughs] All right, guys, gonna do this one. This is a very special song. I hope you like it. It means a lot to us. Here we go. [cheering] [low-tempo music plays] ? The first time I saw him ? ? He was sweeter than shit ? ? Plaid jacket and belt too tight ? ? He wasnt even doing a bit ? ? Then he cartwheeled around the room ? ? And slow-danced with the cleaning lady ? ? He was a one-man party ? ? You know who Im talking about ? ? Im talking about My friend Chris Farley ? [cheering] ? On Saturday night My man would always deliver ? ? Whether he was the Bumblebee girl ? ? Or livin in a van down by the river ? [cheering] ? He loved the bears and did the dance At Chippendales with Swayze ? ? When they replaced his coffee With Folgers ? ? He went fucking crazy ? ? The sexiest Gap girl ? ? And Meatloaf in the band ? ? Without him, thered be no Lunch Lady In Lunch Lady Land ? ? You know who Im thinking about ? ? Im thinking about my boy Chris Farley ? [cheering] [man] I love you, Sandman! [cheers and applause] ? After a show Hed drink a quart of Jack Daniels ? ? And stick the bottle right up his ass ? [laughter] ? But hungover as hell That Catholic boy ? ? Always showed up to morning mass ? ? Wed tell him, Slow down Youll end up like Belushi and Candy ? ? He said, Those guys are my heroes ? ? Thats all fine and dandy ? ? I aint making that shit up ? ? Thats the truth About my boy Chris Farley ? [cheers and applause] ? I saw him in the office Crying with his headphones on ? ? Listening To a KC and the Sunshine Band song ? ? I said buddy, How the hell Is that making you so sad? ? ? Then he laughed and said ? ? Just thinking about my dad ? [applause] ? The last big hang we had ? ? Was at Timmy Meadows wedding party ? ? We laughed our balls off All night long ? ? Off the coast of Florida ? ? But a few months later ? ? The party came to an end ? ? We flew out to Madison ? ? To bury our friend ? ? Nothing was harder than saying goodbye ? ? Except watching Chris father Have his turn to cry ? ? Mmm ? ? Hey, buddy, lifes moved on ? ? But you still bring us so much joy ? [cheers and applause] ? Make my kids laugh With your YouTube clips ? ? Or Tommy Boy ? [cheers and applause] ? Well, when they ask me Whos the funniest guy I ever knew ? ? I tell them hands down Without a doubt, its you ? ? Yeah, I miss hanging out ? ? Watching you try to get laid ? ? But most of all I miss Watching you fuck with Spade ? ? Well, it ended how you wanted ? ? But I still wish you were here with me ? ? And we were getting on a plane To go shoot ? ? Grown Ups 3 ? ? Yeah, life aint the same Without you, boy ? ? And thats why Im singing about ? ? Im singing about My friend Chris Farley ? ? And if we make enough noise ? ? Maybe hell hear us ? [whistling] [cheering] ? Give it up for the great ? ? Chris Farley ? [cheers and applause] By far the funniest fucking guy of all time, the Farls, man. Yeah, baby, so thank you. I couldnt wait to sing that to you guys, and I knew it would be special here. And thank you. [cheers and applause] He was the best. He was the best. Okay, you guys, Im gonna sing you this song right now. This is the kind of a sweet song. I sing it to my wife, because she lets me talk about so many things in front of you people. [laughs] And she doesnt even get mad at me. Shes pretty damn cool. So here we go. ? I met you 20 years ago ? ? And we talked all night ? ? You drank me under the table ? ? Yeah, it was love at first sight ? ? I knew right then and there ? ? Id grow old with you ? [cheers and applause] ? I said Id tell you jokes ? ? Whenever you are sad ? ? Make you a mom if you made me a dad ? ? Oh, its been so much fun ? ? Growing old with you ? ? Oh, oh ? [cheering] ? I love you ? ? Foot rub you ? ? Tell you youre the only one Im thinking of ? ? Make big decisions with you ? ? Try new positions with you ? [laughs] ? Even sit and watch Fucking Eat Pray Love ? [laughter] ? Two times in a row ? [laughter] ? Now when Im on a diet ? ? You take away my potatoes ? ? Say, Fuck all those guys After reading Rotten Tomatoes ? ? I hope they all die miserable deaths ? ? As I grow old with you ? [cheering] ? You scold me ? ? You hold me ? ? Look the other way When I dress like a pimp ? ? You cry to me ? ? You lie to me ? ? But only when you tell me ? ? That the dick looks big ? [laughter] [laughs] ? Now, we dont need a big house ? ? We dont need any money ? ? All we need is you and me ? ? And Sadie and Sunny ? ? I got everything I want ? ? Growing old with you ? And this goes for all of you guys here tonight. [man] Yeah! [cheering] ? Thanks for growing old with… ? ? Me ? All right, you all, thank you so much. Respect! Rock and roll. I love you too. Lets do it again sometime. Thank you. Thank you. Well, folks, Ive been given the light and I must go. But thank you very much. Enjoy the rest of the show. [cheers and applause] [mid-tempo instrumental music plays] ? Ears ? ? Ears ? ? Ears ? ? Ears ? [applause] [Sandler] I got… Go ahead. Why did the chicken cross the road? [Sandler] Why did the chicken cross the road? Why? Because he wanted to get some diarrhea to eat for breakfast. [Sandler laughs] Okay, your turn. Hey, Dad. Hey, just so you know. Dont forget, Im Sadie. [Sandler] Ah-ha. Go ahead, Sunny. Why did the M&M walk away from me? [Sandler] Why? Because it wanted to go pee on my dress. [Sandler laughs] Terrific.

RON WHITE@IF YOU QUIT LISTENING, ILL SHUT UP@2018@[Ron White] You ever take a crap so big your pants fit better? Whats he doing? Looks like hes trying to get the taste out of his mouth. But let me tell you something, folks. You cant fix stupid. Now, when I have seven eighths of a gram of marijuana, I consider myself to be… out of marijuana. Tiger doesnt get any credit for all that pussy he turned down, and thats the number youre looking for right there. 6:01, gets there. Is she there? No. Do I leave? No. Why? Because this dick wont suck itself. Thats why. [cheering and applause] [country rock music] [inaudible] I want to start off this evening by telling you something about me you may not know. Um, Im from a very, very small dusty town in northwest Texas, and I grew up in this little bitty house that was built by my father and my grandfather the year I was born, 1956. Now I live in Beverly Hills in a house my wife and I just built, and I was doing an interview the other day, and this guy asked me, Has it changed you? You know, the fame and fortune and all that? And I said, I dont think so, but I kept thinking about it, and I realized its changed me in two ways. One, while we were building this house, my wife selected these really exotic Japanese toilets. And as you approach these toilets, the lid of the toilet automatically opens. I was mad when I first saw it. Im like, Youre wasting our money on this stuff? But I got used to it after a while. And now when I approach a toilet, and the lid doesnt automatically open, I just piss all over the top of it. And I still eat tacos, but now I only eat the baby duck pussy lip tacos that you get at the Four Seasons in Beverly Hills on Sunday. What they do is they take these baby ducks, and they just snip the pussy lips off of em, and it takes, like, 35 baby ducks to make one taco, but it is fucking worth it, man. And it turns out, theyve been snipping the pussy lips off of baby ducks in Saudi Arabia for 1,500 years and just throwing them in a river, and the cook from the Four Seasons went there and saw this amazing waste of baby duck pussy lips, and just started thinking, you know, Fuck… Tacos! PETA hates it. And I dont know why, cause they used to sell duck tacos, nobody gave a shit. You gotta kill the duck to get the duck meat. You dont have to kill the baby duck to get the pussy lips off of it. Sure, they bleed to death in the trash can when you throw them away, but theyre baby ducks. Its a nickel for a hundred of em. Nobody gives a shit. So if youre ever in Beverly Hills on Sunday night, go to the Four Seasons. Its baby duck pussy lip taco night, and… get there early, because, uh, parking. Im 61 years old now, and I know two things to be true. One… anything has the potential to become a DUI checkpoint if you crash your car into it. And you cant un-fuck the housekeeper. So… Thats it. Thats all I know. Governor Schwarzenegger helped me with that second one, so I didnt have to do that one myself, so thats good. Dont drink and drive. Thats what they say. They also say friends dont let friends drive drunk. Well, which one is it? Somebodys gotta drive. I was leaving a party the other night, and this buddy of mine goes, Hey, Ron, can you drive? I was like, I can drive… I cant get pulled over. Now, I wont drive drunk, but I will ride with somebody that cant blow a .08 and not fucking know it. ‘Cause .08s not drunk. .08 is a revenue stream for the federal fucking government, is what .08 is. That aint drunk at all. That aint even kind of drunk. This is drunk. That guy cant drive my fucking car. Now Im not saying Ive never driven drunk, because Ive drank so much in my life, now on the back of my drivers license, theres a list of organs I need. I was in Melbourne, Florida, one time and I was driving a rental car, and I was by myself, and Id had two drinks. I didnt make the drinks. I dont know how strong they were. Tasted strong. Whiskey and ice cubes. And Im driving, and I look ahead, and theres a sobriety checkpoint and Im like… Fuck… Which is what you say when you see a sobriety checkpoint. Fuck. And I get up there and the cop goes, Mr. White, I smell alcohol on your breath. I said, Thats been there since 77, dude. You pour that much Scotch on a tongue, its gonna smell like Scotch forever. Theres nothing you can do about it. Weve tried everything that there is. He goes, Well, I need you to blow into this breathalyzer, and I said, Well, heres the bad news, Hoss. Im not gonna do it. Im not, and Ill tell you why, because if that piece of shits calibrated wrong, I could be convicted of something I didnt even do. He goes, Then I need you to do a field sobriety test. Im like, Just tell me what to do. He goes, I want you to stand on one foot, raise the other foot– No, bullshit. Fuck that. Im not doing that either. Im not, and Ill tell you why. Thats not a sobriety test. Thats an agility test, and Im not very goddamn agile, all right? Im not, and its not fair to me, because Im older, Im not in that great of shape. I may or may not be a little drunk. Fuck, I dont know. You know what a fair drunk driving test is? Drunk driving. Get in the car. Lets do a couple of blocks. Let me show you some skills. Im not a 21-year-old, puking cheap tequila through my nose. Im a 61-year-old raging alcoholic, motherfucker. Or thats what it said in the deposition. Heres another fair test: darts. We go back to OLearys Pub where this whole fucking thing started. If you can beat me at darts, you can take me to fucking jail, how about that? How about a sobriety contest? I got to go this year for the first time in my career to do stand-up in Europe, and I did shows in Amsterdam, Edinburgh, Scotland, and London. And when I was in Edinburgh, I realized that the Scots made me laugh harder than anybody. Not because they try to say something funny. Its just the words they say, whatever the fuck they say just cracks me the fuck up. And I wear wild socks, and… So Im having breakfast in this restaurant across the street from the hotel Im staying in, by myself, and… I finish with my meal, I realize I dont have any money. I only have the room key. I left everything in my room, and I tell the guy, Listen, I got to go back to the hotel. Ill get some money. Ill come back over and pay you. This is what he says: Well, those dont look like the socks of a man who would steal an egg. Yeah, they sure the fuck dont. And I did these shows in London, and they dont play my stuff on television in London. So I really had to call and promote these shows and get everybody to come out, and I called this radio station in London. This is what this DJ says to me: Ron… Every time a celebrity calls our station, we always ask the same question: If you could have a conversation with anyone, living or dead, who would it be? And I said… Living. And he tried to explain it to me. He was like, No, what Im saying is, if you could talk to someone, whether they… Yeah, I fucking get it. Im a joke writer from America. Im all over it, dude. Trying to make this funny, sell some comedy tickets in a land where you dont play my shit. Thanks for playing our game. And the punchline of that story is, I come back to the States, when I get back to the States, my assistant goes, Ron, did you hear that John Mayhew died? And Im like, John Mayhew… Why do I know that name? Its your ex-wifes divorce lawyer. [laughing quietly] Oh, I hated that motherfucker. That Yale snob fucking piece of shit, fucked me out of so goddamn much money. It happened ten years before, but I still had his office number in my phone, and my wife said I was a dick for doing this, but as soon as I found out he died, I called his office, I said, Id like to speak to John Mayhew, please. The lady goes, Im very sorry to tell you, but Mr. Mayhew passed away. I said, Okay, and I called her right back and said, Id like to speak to John Mayhew, please. She goes, I just told you, Mr. Mayhew passed away. I said,  I know, I just like hearing you say it. My wifes like, Youre a dick. I said, Bullshit. Hes lucky I dont know where hes buried. Ill show you dick. I saw this on the news the other day. This befuddled me. It was a story about a town in the Middle East where, by law… by law, the women who live in this town have to wear burkas with one… eyehole. Thats it. Thats all you get. One eyehole. Not two eyeholes like those other sluts. One… [giggling] ..fucking eyehole. Just enough to keep from bumping into shit. Thats all you need. And the guys over there still think theyre hot. Theyre like, Ooh, look at that one. Which one? They all look like fucking tents. And I think thats why they marry so many of them. You got to unwrap a few to get the one youre looking for… in a sight unseen situation. And if youre all politically correct, dont worry. Im not busting on women from the Middle East. I know theyre perfectly content to live the way they do. They are. Oh, you can see it in their eyehole. Three weeks ago, my wife and I went to New York City, and we went to a gay wedding, and it was a man marrying a woman, [laughing] but it was the gayest fucking thing Ive ever seen. You can get married now if youre gay, anywhere in America, thats fine with me. I dont care one way or another. Get married, dont get married. I dont give a shit. [snorting] I dont, really… Ive got tons of gay friends, most of em male dancers from fucking Vegas, and theyre like, We want to get married too. Im like, Youre going to fucking hate it, but… I think the Supreme Court fucked up the best thing about being gay. Well, I would marry ya, but I cant! Id give you half my shit right now, but I dont make up the rules. I was doing a meet and greet the other day right after a show, this young guy goes, When my girlfriend comes back from vacation with her parents, Im going to ask her to marry me. Do you have any advice, Mr. White? Now, Id just got off the ugliest phone call Ive ever had with my wife, and it was about that house, and part of that house was gonna be a rehearsal space for her band, and while I was shooting a pilot in Vancouver, it turned into a 24-track recording studio. And I was so goddamn mad. I couldnt fucking breathe. We had spent $100,000 on this little fucking room, and that builder, that motherfucker. I told him, Dont you goddamn do it. Dont you fucking do it. And he fucking did it! While I was in Canada shooting a fucking pilot! The motherfucker! You ever notice nobody ever dies when you wish they would? This conversation got so goddamn out of hand. The shit that should have never got said got said, it just spun into this big shit storm of fuck. Ill tell you how the conversation ended, and then youll know how it went. This is how the conversation ended. She goes, Listen, Ron. Im not trying to be an asshole, and I go, Really? Youre not even trying? Well, youre gifted. And I told this young guy, I said, Yeah, if I were you, Id go to a gay bar, let somebody fuck me in the ass and make goddamn sure Im not gay, cause it looks like theyre having more fun than anybody to me. It does too, cause we live right next to West Hollywood. You go anywhere in West Hollywood, theres these gigantic gay mens clubs with these huge patios. These places are packed to the fucking rafters at 2:30 in the afternoon, seven days a week. And these guys are laughing and dancing and drinking, and theyre having a fucking blast. And you know why theyre having so much fun? ‘Cause there aint no goddamn women there. Thats why. Thats why. Thats why. Theyre doing whatever the fuck they want to do whenever the fuck they want to do it. I got a good idea, Tommy. Lets do a big shot of tequila, you snort some cocaine off my dick and fuck me right up the butt. And they march off to the bathroom and do exactly that, exactly then, and the reason they can is theres not a woman there to go, Well, thats morally wrong and bathrooms arent near clean enough to butt-fuck in. Oh, they beg to differ. I thought about being gay one time, and I changed my mind when it came my turn. Like, What? I got to what? What? What? What? What? Ill tell you this story. This happened last Wednesday at The Comedy Store in LA. And The Comedy Store in LA is a really pretty big place. Its got three comedy clubs and Id just done a 15-minute set in the OR, which is the original room, but they call it the OR. And right before I went on stage, I was in the green room of the main room, and they came over there and they said, Ron, they need you in the OR. I never thought anybody would fucking say that, you know? So I did my set, and Im out in the hallway talking to Joe Rogan and this guy comes up to me, in his early 30s, I would guess, very flamboyant, very nervous. And he comes up to me and goes… [high-pitched] Mr. White… I was always going to tell you if I ever met you that when my father was alive, you were his favorite comedian by far. I said, Thank you very much for telling me that, man. I appreciate that, and Im sorry you lost your dad. He goes, I was in love with you and Id see you on television, Id pretend you were my husband and wed go out to eat, and things like that. I went, Well, thats nice of you to say, I appreciate it, very nice to meet you. He goes, I had a picture of you I used to masturbate to. Which one? And it turns out I had no problem with it at all. And Ill tell you why I didnt have a problem with it, cause I thought the number of people beating off to my image was zero. Turns out its a solid one. I guarantee you, when I leave the house, my wifes not dragging out a headshot, rubbing one off… You look more like Steve Bannon every day. Youre just fucking… just… Some red lipstick on that nose, this would be hot as fuck. Im not gay. [laughing] Seems like Id have something else to say after that. Im not gay, but I have these moments. The other day I was watching Tarzan, the new Tarzan movie. The newest one thats not very new, but its the newest one. And the guy that played Tarzan was a really, really handsome fella, and he was really a good-looking guy, but I was watching it, thinking, You know, if that guy from Thor, Chris Hemsworth, was in this, this would really be a better movie, cause Id just rather look at Chris Hemsworth without his shirt on. What the fuck did you just think? I just think Chris Hemsworths the best-looking motherfucker. And then I was watching Godfather, I thought, Well, if instead of that horse head, they just had Chris Hemsworth with no shirt on. Just his torso, blood coming out of it and just Chris Hemsworth kind of… I dont want to pinch his nipples or anything. I just like to see it. And I was watching that movie The Help, and Im like, I know hes not a young negro woman, but… if he just had on an apron and no shirt… I consider myself a gold star heterosexual. Now the reason I know this term is, I have lesbian friends too. And I know that a gold star lesbian is a woman whos never had any dick not once ever in her life, and Ive never had any dick not once ever in my life. And I know some guys that have had one homosexual experience or two or 10,000, doesnt make a fuck bit of difference to me. I could not possibly care any less. I just never have. I didnt lose my virginity until I was 18 years old, and I was in the Navy stationed in San Diego, and I lost my virginity to a prostitute in Tijuana, Mexico, who was overweight, and her teeth had no general direction or color. But she was well within my budget. Well, I got stationed at Pearl Harbor. After Id been there for a little while, I found out there was one part of Hotel Street on Oahu that you go to, and these really cute girls that jump in your car and blow you for five dollars. Best deal Ive ever heard of in my life to this day. And thats about a 45-second task with me at 18 years old. Im like, Oh! Ooh! Ahh! Im out of here. I gotta go. Im coming back twice a day every fucking day. Im there for eight months. A little while back I was watching this documentary on transvestites, and they start talking about the transvestite scene thats been on Hotel Street on Oahu for 55 years. Those were dudes? I let 150 dudes suck my dick? Jesus. Whats the record? Youd think you can tell a mans mouth from a womans mouth, but you cannot. A tongue is a tongue, and a tooth is a fucking tooth. If it would have been a handjob, Id have been going, Hey, youre a plumber, dude, get that claw off my fucking pecker. I ran, um… I ran for president of the United States, and I dont think I won, because nobodys called and I quit watching television. My platform was a little different than our presidents platform. He wants to build a wall between the US and Mexico to keep out immigrants, and I wanted to build a net between the US and Canada to keep those fucking geese out of here. I fucking hate geese. I fucking hate em. I got attacked by a goose when I was a kid. I never got over it. My uncle was a Baptist preacher, and I was at his little white clapboard Baptist church in a little bitty town in Texas and I was sitting– Vacation bible school. Im on the back porch of the church, eating my little sandwich, six years old, drinking my Kool-Aid. This goose comes out of this pond like a fucking killing machine. [squawk] Bites me on the fucking leg. Steals my sandwich. Leaves me shudder-crying. [sobbing] I had nightmares about it my entire goddamn childhood. I fucking hate em. Theyre not natural. Geese arent natural. Theyre not. The way they cross the street right in front of fucking cars with that weird-ass confidence. Yo, bitch, what the fuck you going to do about it? Lock those beady eyes on you. I got 17 friends behind me. Nobodys moving till we get across this street. They could have flown over the fucking street. Im in my car, all intimidated. Im like, What do I even do? I can put my car in drive and roll over your ass. Nobody would give a shit. I wouldnt do it. Nobody in this fucking room would do it. You know why? ‘Cause were scared to fucking death of geese. Nobody wants to talk about it but me. And we should be afraid of geese too, and Ill tell you why. A goose is the only animal on the planet could take a jetliner out of the fucking sky and make it land on the Hudson River. Thats what happened to that plane Sully landed on the Hudson River. Geese started flying through the engines of that jet. Radical terrorist Canadian geese! Build a net. No other animal crosses the road with this kind of fucking poise. Thats all Im saying. No other fucking animal does this. When my dog gets out of the yard, gets in the street, hes like, Oh fuck! Im in the road! Does a Z-pattern to get across. Squirrels. Natures most shitty critical thinkers. Well, Ive been here, but Ive never been here, and if I only– Dead. Cats die when they touch the road. Thats all a cat has to do, is just, Pow! Theres so many dead cats on my street, it looks carpeted. You ever seen a dead goose anywhere in your goddamn life? Just laying there dead, cause it died somewhere? Fuck no, you have not. Because they rarely fucking die. I have a back-up plan to curtail the goose population in America. Im going to open a chain of restaurants that only sells baby goose pussy lip tacos. You think you know tender… but you really dont. Baby goose pussy lips makes wagyu beef taste like boo… boot leather. [distorted] Wagyu beef taste like boot leather. Baby goose pussy… [tripping over his tongue] …makes wagyu beef taste like boot leath… boot… All right, Im gonna rewrite this sentence. I can… I got to get this right for the special. Baby goose pussy lips makes wagyu beef… [laughing] Okay. Okay. All right. [crowd shouting encouragement] Baby… [audience member] Come on! All right, yall shut up. Okay. Im ready. Baby… [crowd laughing] Shut up, youre supposed to shut up. Baby goose pussy lips makes wagyu beef taste like boot leather. [cheering and applause] Thats pretty slick. I started this tour a while back in Las Vegas, and… while I was there, I was walking down the Strip, my wife and I, and theyre having a sex toy convention, which is one of their five biggest conventions of the year. Literally, people come from all over the world to buy stuff for their shops, and my wife said, My friends having a shower. I need to get her a gag gift. Lets go to this thing. Itll be fun. Im like, All right, lets go. And it was unbelievable, huge, all the big dildo companies were there, uh…. Fuck Rudders, uh… Bone Depot, Shaft Crafters. Black and Pecker, Peterbilt, Johnson & Johnson… and Johnson. So we walk up to Knob Cobblers, or whatever the fuck the name of it was. I dont remember. We walk up to this booth that only sells dildos. Thats all they sell. And I asked the guy, I said… How much are the dildos? And he goes, [angrily] Theyre not dildos, theyre personal massagers. All right. How much is the personal massager shaped like a big black cock? ‘Cause were looking for a gag gift, and… if that doesnt gag her, I dont know what were going to use, cause… its gotta be something big, you tell me. A broom handle, a pool cue, a fucking plunger. Gag, woman, gag. There were porno movies everywhere, but the porno movie that caught my eye was called Fat Midgets Fucking Fat Midgets… Two. I would have missed the boat if I was in the porno business right there. Id have said, Aint nobody gonna pay to watch fat midgets fuck fat midgets. Bullshit, theres a sequel. Apparently there were some unanswered questions in Fat Midgets… Fucking Fat Midgets. I picked up the DVD, looked at the cover, it looked like somebodys trying to shove a pumpkin through a beach ball. Now Ive got questions. And then the whole experience just started to creep me the fuck out. I just grabbed my big black dick and left. I dont need this shit. It seemed like they would give you a sack or something. My wife does yoga, and next to her yoga school in Beverly Hills, theres a spa that offers treatments that Ive never heard of. One of these treatments is a thing called anal bleaching. Ill give you a second to get your arms around that. Now Ive never walked in the doors of this place, and I dont know exactly what theyre up to, but… apparently… some people… are really unhappy with the color of the old bunghole. So unhappy, theyre willing to bleach it until it becomes a more desirable color. Now I dont know if they have a color in mind when they start, or if you just bleach it and get whatever the fuck you get. Or if theres some paint chips and a tray of Smile Bright. Youre just spreading your ass cheeks, squatting into a tray of solution for a limited amount of time for a desired result. [inaudible] [shouting] Whats it look like now? I dont know. I know this. I have no idea what color my asshole is. I dont have that kind of mirror or that kind of friend. Nobody wants to be a white asshole, but everybody wants to have one all of a sudden. I dont know what Im supposed to tell my fucking relatives. Another service they offer at this spa… is a thing called vaginal rejuvenation. All right. Now, I think its a little strange that vaginal rejuvenation is fine, yet its illegal to roll back the odometer on your car. Vaginal rejuvenation. Rejuvenate your vagina. It was juvenated, it became un-juvenated, it needs to be rejuvenated. Bring it into the shop. Now, I dont know whats wrong with your vagina that makes you think it needs to be rejuvenated. I dont know if it just looks tired or sad, or… worried about something it cant do anything about. Well, whatever it is, I wouldnt worry about it if I were you. I wouldnt and Ill tell you why. Because the most jacked-up cooch Ive ever seen in my life is way better looking than my ball sack. Besides, if youre at that point in a make-out session, youre gonna do it anyway. It doesnt matter what it fucking looks like. Its like you were waiting in line for two hours to ride a roller coaster and it finally shows up and the seats are kinda bumpy and worn out. Youre still going to hop in that motherfucker. Yeah! ‘Cause I dont have the answer to a lot of lifes questions. Or any. But oddly enough, I do have a suggestion for this. Ladies, if you dont like the way the cooch is looking, before you go do something that extreme, try this. Quit trimming it… for a year. And just do a comb-over. From the big lip to the little lip, right over the clit, tuck in the meat curtains if you got em. Get some Brylcreem and some dippity-do and a hair dryer. And just set it and forget it… and fucking shut it down. I understand how unnecessary that was. Somebody asked me to do this story. Im going to do it, cause Im surprised they know it, but… I support the Montreal Comedy Festival, and if you ever have a chance to go to Montreal in the summer to go to the festival, its the coolest fucking thing there is. I do it all the time. Montreals a gorgeous city, and the festivals are done in 20 venues all over the town, beautiful thing. And every year SiriusXM does a live broadcast from there. It was about three years ago, and there were six comics in an open forum, telling stories, and this is the story that I told. Its very short. It happened a long time ago, which doesnt fucking matter. Its not like if I told you the story without saying that, youd have gone, That was very short and happened a long time ago. I wish you would have told us that up front. I was the feature act at the Punchline Comedy Club in Sacramento, California. And traditionally in American comedy clubs, theres three acts. Theres an opening act that makes between 100 and 200 a week for nine shows, the feature act, which is what I was, makes between 400 and 500 bucks a week for nine shows, and a headliner who can make absolutely anything depending on who they are. And traditionally during the week, these three comics would go to the mall and those two comics would watch that comic spend money. These two comics dont have any money. These are two broke fucking fingers. So Ive just driven from Dallas to Sacramento to make $400. Thats how much money Ive got. So I dont have go out and party money. Ive got go get a six-pack of beer and a frozen pizza. Not the good frozen pizza, the other fucking frozen fucking pizza, and go back to the shitty little motel they rent us, and one night a week, Id let myself rent a porno movie, and Id call this date night. So Im all set up. My beer is cold. My pizza is done. I ordered the movie. It says, Please enjoy your feature film, but nothing comes on the television. Im like, No! No, this has to fucking happen. I dont have another eight goddamn dollars. And I called the front desk in a panic. I said, I ordered a movie, it said, ‘Please enjoy your feature film, but nothing came on the TV. She goes, Ill send somebody over from Maintenance, Im like… Knock on the door, its a chick from Maintenance. Whats the problem? I said, I ordered a movie, it said, ‘Please enjoy your feature film, but nothing came on the TV. She goes, What did you order? Cast Away. She goes, Look, its just on the wrong channel. Click. Whats she doing to Wilson? Shes gonna overinflate him. And, uh… this is a story my mother told me I should do on stage. I just told her the other day. Anyway… I was a bed-wetter, and… I was mortified by it. I mean, I wet the bed all the fucking time and I just hated myself for it. Thats the worst thing you can be as a little kid is a fucking bed-wetter. And I would never go spend the night at anybodys house, cause I knew Id wet the bed and theyd find out I was a bed-wetter, and so far nobody really knew but my mom and my dad, and it was just my biggest secret. And I was about 12 years old and I had gone three months without wetting the bed. Im like, Im through it. Im fucking over it. So I decided to spend the night at Joe Paines house, who had been my friend since I was six years old. And he had bunk beds in his room, and Joe Paines on the top bed, Danny Davis is on the lower bed, and Im on a sleeping bag on the floor, and I wet the fucking bed, and Im, like, mortified. Im like, Theyre gonna know. Theyre gonna know Im a fucking bed-wetter. My fucking life is over. Theyre going to fucking know. Nothing could make this better. Unless… one of them wet the bed. And as a 12-year-old, I make a conscious decision to piss on my friend… to make me look better. Thats what kind of person I am right there, 12 years old. You imagine how I think fucking now what Id do to you. Id have peed on both of them, but one of them was too fucking high and I was like, Id piss on the wall trying to piss on that guy. I was 12. I could piss like a fucking fire hydrant. And Danny wakes up and he goes, I had a dream. Somebody was peeing on me! And I wet the bed! And Im like, Me too! And I never told him. I always let him think he wet the fucking bed. And the way he found out he didnt wet the bed, is he lived in Round Rock, Texas, and I hadnt really seen him in years, and I was doing this radio station and I told that story, and he called the radio station, You fucking pissed on me? You let me think, I went my whole life, that Id pissed in Joe Paines fucking bunk bed? So my wife and I, we both tour extensively, and, uh… she bought us two dogs, which, you know, just makes touring easier if you… have a couple of dogs to drag with you on all those flights, and… she bought us two French Bulldogs. If you dont know what they look like, it looks like a pug was raped by a fruit bat. She brings these dogs home, and Im like, What the fuck? And she goes, Theyre watchdogs, Im like, What are they gonna watch? Television? But it turns out, theyre great watchdogs. And not because if somebody was breaking into our house, they would make a bunch of noise and scare those people away, because you couldnt possibly wake them up. But when somebody breaks into our house now, they discover that all of our things have been chewed up and pissed on. And word of that spreads throughout the criminal community. And nobody wants our shit anymore. We dont even want it. Im the watchdog at our house. Im the reluctant watchdog. I dont sleep very well. I have sleep apnea, which keeps my wife awake. I think if it didnt keep my wife awake, I wouldnt know I had it. Heres what I get at three oclock in the morning when I have a six oclock flight: [whispering] Ron. Ron, wake up. Ron, wake up. Did you hear that? Did you just wake me up to ask me if I heard something? [whispering] Did you? Do you think I fucking heard it? Go see what it is. Wake up those fucking dogs you bought. Thats the whole plan. I walk out there and get shot, her and them dogs leave out the back door, hop in the Mercedes, live the life of Riley, while I bleed to death on that fucking rug she had to have. And theres never anybody there. I have no idea what Id do if I walked out and somebody was there, Id be like… [yawning] [click] Oh, hey. You were right! Call 9-1-1 or something. Dont worry about them. Theyre watchdogs. They just like to watch. If you tilt that a little bit, you can get it through that door. I know it smells like piss. It all smells like piss, dude. Id help you move it out, but Im bleeding. You should have the person help you move all the shit out and then shoot him. Im also an idea man. And I am an idea man, too. This is my new idea. This is, uh… This is brilliant. Its a dating website… and I actually saw another dating website that made me think of mine. The one I saw was called, Its Just Lunch, and what they do is they just hook people up, and they have lunch, broad daylight, right in the middle of the day. [high-pitched] Thats all. Just lunch. Were just gonna have lunch. Thats all. Just lunch. Maybe a salad and a sandwich. Maybe a half a sandwich and a soup. You know, they do that now. Probably a big glass of tea with a big slice of lemon. Were just gonna have lunch. Thats all. Just lunch. Okay, heres mine: Just lunch, and a blowjob. See how much funner it is to say? Its almost like theres a clown there. [silly voice] Just lunch and a blowjob! Lady in the first show goes, Whats in it for the woman? Im like, Lunch. [high-pitched] Its just lunch. My doctor the other day said, Ron, you cannot gain any more weight, and I said, Thats what I thought. My wifes on my ass about me taking better care of myself. She bought me a bicycle, thinking I might ride it. Its for sale. And if youre looking for a bicycle, its a great deal. Its got 750 yards on it. It was a demo when I bought it, had 350 yards already on it, but I put the other 400 yards on it myself. And if youd like to buy the bicycle, just go to my house in Beverly Hills, and its 400 yards from there. Fuck it. Ill walk back. I think, at 61 years old, my best fucking days are behind me, cause it wasnt that long ago that I could make my wife scream and now she makes any noise at all, its to go, Do you need to take a little break or…? You look like you just ate a ghost pepper. What the fuck is that supposed to mean? Im better at oral sex than Ive ever been and I think its just because Im older and Im just more patient than I was when I was young, because… cause now Ill lay there for hours and let you do your thing. I… I got nowhere to be. My friend told me the other day that he wouldnt give his wife head unless she just came out of the shower, and I told him Ill give my wife head if she just came out of the gym. ‘Cause I dont care if shes a little salty. In fact, if shes too clean, I salt her. I do. I keep a salt shaker by the side of the bed. When she looks the other way, I just grab it. I think it brings out the flavor. I really do. I really do. In the summer, I keep a bowl of limes right next to the salt shaker, and Ill just get a lime, squirt a little lime juice in there, little bit of salt, hunker down, do some pussy shots. Thats what I do. Do not try that at home. I got like 20 tweets from one guy, going, My wifes pussy was burning like… No, you didnt. You fucking idiot. No, you fucking didnt. You went to one of my shows, you– She let you! You and her were standing in the kitchen and looked at that lime. You cant fix stupid. [cheering and applause] [whistling] Im on break. Sorry. Cheers, this is just special, right here. You guys are amazing. Thanks a lot. [whooping] Um… The other day, um… Jeff… Jeff Foxworthy and I were… Jeff has a special on Sirius called The Comics Mind, and hed been talking to me about doing it. And we decided on a date that we would do it, and we decided to do it from the Punchline here in Atlanta in front of a live crowd, and it was really fun. And it really reminded Jeff and I of how much fun we have on stage together and how much we like to play off each other. And before the thing started, I had my tour bus up there, Jeff and I are sitting on my tour bus and this Golden Corral commercial comes on television, which is where Jeff works now. And I double snotted my own fucking television. It was so fucking funny. Im like, Really? Golden Corral? What kind of balls does it take to put the word ‘corral on the name of your fucking restaurant? Boy, do they know that demographic! Come on down to the Golden Corral. [mooing] Welcome to our giant all-you-can-eat food trough. [mooing] We have a chocolate waterfall and a cotton candy machine. [bleating] I cant wait till they go hog-wild and just put a sugar lick right there in the middle of the fucking room. Thats delicious. That little spot tastes like Skittles. Get too fat at the Golden Corral, go to the Dress Barn. Thats insensitive right there. Get a dress the size of a fucking barn and come on back to the Golden Corral. [mooing] They call it Golden Corral, of course, because somebody was already using the name Ye Olde Fat Fuckery. My cousin Ray, who Ive talked about on stage before, hes a real guy, he only eats at the Golden Corral because my cousin Ray only dates… huge women. Thats his deal. Always has been. He likes them big big. Not plump girls, not fat girls. Great big, old big ‘uns. Great big old, big old, big ‘uns. Big old round ‘uns, big old… muumuu and 400-plus, great big old big ‘uns. And he said that the Golden Corrals the best place to find these people cause he says thats where the really big girls like to winter. He didnt say that. He brought one to Vegas last year, and I saw her by the swimming pool in a two-piece bathing suit, and I cant jack the fucking memory out of my goddamn skull. Looked like somebody had stretched a rubber band over a gigantic hall of fucking… Let me try that again. [audience whooping] Looked like somebody had stretched a… Looked like somebody had stretched a rubber band over a gigantic head of cauliflower. [cheering and applause] And I was like, Goddamn, Ray! He said, Well, shes had three kids. Im like, What, for lunch? Fuck, dude. You got to quit eating them babies, maam. Put down that ketchup and drop that toddler. Eat this baby goose pussy lip taco. Back in 1996, my dear friend Jeff Foxworthy became the biggest comedian that ever lived. I dont know if you know. Jeff sold more comedy albums than Richard Pryor and Bill Cosby combined. Over 15 million albums, not including the millions and millions of Blue Collar albums you guys bought. Thank you from the bottom of my heart for that. [cheering and applause] When Jeff got big enough to take somebody with him, he took me with him, which was an amazingly gracious thing for Jeff to do for me. He always believed in my talent, but not my work ethic. And it was his goal for a lot of years to make me a famous comedian, and he truly sucks at it, cause it took him for fuckin ever. I dont mean to seem ungrateful, but I got shit to do, Jeff. First big gig we did together was the first week in December 1996 at the MGM Grand in Vegas. And You Might Be A Redneck had been the number one-selling comedy album in the country for a year and a half. Its still the number one-selling comedy album of all time, and, uh… Jeff had been my friend for ten years, and suddenly, kaboom, hes the biggest comedian in the world. His face is plastered all over Vegas and we are having a fucking blast. We have an all-access pass to Las Vegas, which is way better than the no-access pass we had right before that. Well, that same year my dear friend Bill Engvall, the dancer… People ask me all the time, Do you think youll ever do Dancing With The Stars? Im like, Not unless something goes horribly fucking wrong. Well, that year, Bill was touring with Reba McEntire. The same week we were at the MGM Grand, they were at Caesars Palace, and that same weekend, Larry The Cable Guy was at the International House of Pancakes in Tucson, Arizona. Just getting her done, and… He wasnt there, but the three of us were. And I was there with a woman I couldnt stand… eventually. Now she was beautiful, beautiful. She was beautiful. 40 years old, never been married, which makes you a little suspicious. ‘Cause usually if a woman is that beautiful at 40 and never been married, either they give horrible head or theyre completely insane. And three hours after I met this chick, Im laying on my back going, [tightly] This bitch is crazy. And I was right. But I took her to Vegas. Well, Bills doing one show at the big Forum down at Caesars, and were doing three shows a night in a smaller room. So when Bill gets finished, he comes down and does a set with us and when we get done with our shows, Bill and Jeff wanna go drinking and gambling, and I want to go to a prayer meeting and a poetry reading that Id heard about. But they keep hounding me till I say, Yeah, fuck it, lets go. But I didnt want her to go. She was trash drunk on red wine. [whispering] Charming. Charming. I said, Let me go talk to her, so I go up to the room. I go, I know its our first night in town but Im gonna go drinking with the boys, and she goes, [slurring] Fine, just leave me in a hotel room by myself? Im like, Youre starting to get it. And we go out that night, it was one of the funnest nights of my life, uh… We had been friends for ten years, so we were young comics together, and thats what we used to talk about as young comics. We would sit around, drink, and… and talk about maybe one day, you know? Maybe one day well be the big comics in Vegas, and our names will be on those big fucking signs. Thats something we dreamed about and it fucking happened. And that was the first time all three of us had our names on big signs in Vegas, and we went outside to look at it, and I was like, Fuck, now what? Jeff? Any ideas? Anyway, it gets to be 5:30 in the morning. We decided to break it up, and Vegas will make you horny if you let it. I go back up to the room and shes passed out, in this negligee, and shes fucking gorgeous. But I know if I wake her up trying to have sex with her, shell hit me in the face with a bucket of nickels I just spotted on the nightstand. And I dont need a new mugshot cause my last one was so good. Is that Glen Campbell or Nick Nolte? No, thats our boy Tater Salad, is who that is. [cheering] So I decide, Well, Ill just do it myself, so I rummage around in the dark, find some lotion, cut to the next morning. Im sure youre grateful. I wake up the next morning with this shit hangover, and shes already making coffee, and I wake up and she goes, Whats wrong with your hand? My hand is dark orange. Bain de Soleil sunless tanning lotion… for dark skin only, and apparently I was getting down, cause it was on my nipples and the inside of my thigh. Thanks for playing along. I hope you guys enjoyed it. Thats it for tonight. Thank you very much. [country rock music]

MO AMER@THE VAGABOND@2018@[audience chanting] Mo! Mo! Mo! Mo! Mo! Mo! Mo! Mo! Mo! Mo! Mo! Mo! [chanting speeds up] [man] Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Texas own… Mo Amer! [cheering] Thank you. Thank you, thank you. Whats up, Austin? Have a seat. Austin, Texas. Man! Thank you, thank you, thank you. Wow! Well, can I… [chuckles] All right, well… All right, guys. Jesus, good to see everybody, man. Uh, Austin, man, its beautiful. Home state of Texas, uh… Its a good time. Yes, I am Mo, guys. You know, Mo is actually short for Mohammed. Surprise, bitches! Today is the day! Your cell phones are locked up. Its too late for you, motherfuckers! Get the door, Aziz! No, Im just kidding. Okay. I get all kinds of different reactions. Uh… I was in Little Rock, Arkansas. Everything is goin great. I say Im an Arab-American. The whole room gets quiet, and one guy in the back goes… [Southern accent] Oh, hell, no! There was one black couple that actually got up and left. Like, Mm-mm! We seen this shit before. Come on, baby, and they just took off. It was frustrating. Mohammed is the most popular name in the world, but I cant find one key chain with my name on it anywhere. Not one person has shared a Coca-Cola with me in America, not a single fucking person. Ill be honest, though. I didnt even know how popular the name was until I watched the Egyptian soccer team. Uh… They were showing a play-by-play and the commentator comes on and hes like, Mohammed has the ball. Mohammed pass the ball to Mohammed. Mohammed to Ahmed. Ahmed to Hamed. Aaah! Hamed to Mohammed. Mohammed to Mohammed. Mohammed to Mohammed. Mohammed! Mohammed! Mohammed! Gooooalll! This weed is too strong, Jeffrey. I think theres just one guy on the team passin the ball to himself, bro. Im freaking out, man! [chuckles] Oh, man! Its a weird time to be Mohammed, you know? Its a weird time. Its also weirder with Trump in office and the thing that happened with me and Eric Trump, my God, we went viral all over the place and all that happened was I got upgraded to first class. I end up sitting next to Eric Trump and then shit went super-viral! I didnt know I was gonna get upgraded to first class, much less sittin next to Eric Trump, but I do know one thing. The lady that upgraded me is probably a Clinton supporter. Lets be real. Im just sayin. She was probably sittin there like, Oh, oh. oh,  Eric Trump is on my flight? Okay. Okay. Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh. I dont know why she has a mustache. Okay. Mm-hm. Mm-hm. Mm-hm. Mm-hm. [laughs] Oh, theres an empty seat next to Eric? Okay. Uh-huh, uh-huh. Let me take a look at this upgrade list, uh, see whos standing by patiently here. Oh, Mohammed Mustafa Amer! Upgrade this motherfucker immediately! Thats probably what happened. Im not 100% sure, but Im, like, 99% sure cause Ive never been greeted with such enthusiasm prior to boarding an aircraft. With the name Mohammed, flying out of New York, its just never happened. I show up, I scan my boarding pass. Shes like, Guess whos been upgraded? Boom, byeow, byeow, byeow, byeow! I was like, Oh, shit, you have an air horn? I didnt know. I was so dumb, though. I was like, Yeah, its all these years and dedication to this airline. Im finally gettin the respect that I deserve. Im just walking in there like, Yeah, Million Mile Club, bitch! You know, like… Uh… it wasnt the case. I turned the corner, I was like, Holy shit! Is that Eric Trump? I was like, Nah. I didnt believe it, so I put up my bag, took a second look and I saw his name on his sweater. So… no further investigation necessary. I mean, thats what you do with the slow kid in your family when you go to a theme park… so when they get lost, they know how to identify themselves. I just… I just sat down next to him and I was like, Salaam alaikum, Eric! Hows it goin, man? He was like, Uh, everythings cool? I was like, Im just messin with you, man. Listen, my names Mohammed. Im a Muslim, Im Arab and a comedian, so I had to mess with you a little bit and I also came here as a refugee. Too late, bitch! I made it! You know, it was nice. Then I shifted gears on him. He didnt see it comin. I was like, Hey, you tell your dad to build all the damn walls he wants. He was like, What? I was like, Thats right. Tell your dad to build all the walls he wants. My family flew in, you know what I mean? There is no problem. One $9 Spirit Airlines flight and Ill be back in business. Its just weird. I was actually born in Kuwait, right? I left Kuwait after the first Gulf War. I was nine years old. I went to a nice private British English school in Kuwait. I wore a little vest and a bow tie to school. I was an adorable Arab kid with a hint of a British accent. I was like, ‘Ello, Mum. Yeah, going to school I am, Mummy. Yeah, all right, yeah. Then I ended up in Houston, Texas. Very proud… Im a very proud Houstonian. Super-proud Houstonian from Alief. Im for real. But hold on, hold on. When I got there, they put me in ESL class… which is English as a second language class, and I was the only guy that spoke English in this fuckin class. And my family sends me to school with a vest and a bow tie, thinking, Thats how you go to school. No, thats how you get your ass whooped at school in America. I walk in, all the kids are looking at me like, Hola. Amigo… [speaking Spanish] I was like… Sorry? What language are you speaking? All of a sudden, this other dude just comes up out of nowhere. Hes like, Youre weird, dude. Golly, man! Why do you talk like that, eh? And that was my teacher. You know, it was fucked up. My family did no research. Not one person thought of, like, Hey, what neighborhood should we move into in Houston? Lets just fucking go to a bunch of gang violence. Thatll make sense. It was very tough. I didnt know what to do. I was caught in the middle of this gang battle. There was a lot of Mexican gangs, a lot of black gangs, and they were fighting each other. And the Mexican gangs wanted to recruit me cause they thought I was Mexican. And there was a lot of black gangs. They wanted… They wanted to beat me up cause they thought I was Mexican. Really tough high school years. Im, like, walkin to school, and I see these Latino gangs hangin out, and, obviously, this guy has seen me before and hed just had it. He just approaches me. He was like, Say, vato! You walk by here every day. You dont say nothin, dont do nothin. What? You ashamed of your own peoples, bro? You ashamed of your own people? This is your familia, bro! Your la raza, bro! You ashamed of your own peoples, bro? Andale, bro. You going to get broke today, bro. Whats your name, bro? Andale, whats your name? I was like, Oh, man, my name is Mohammed. Hes like, What? For real, bro? You look exactly like Hector! I swear to God, bro. He was like, Hector, Hector, come check it out, dude! Check it out, bro! We found your doppelganger. Te lo juro, bro! Te lo juro! And the fucked-up part is Hector came out. I was like, Holy shit, I do look like Hector! Started high-fivin and shit. I was like, Oh, yeah, we all look alike! Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! And then I saw some guns stickin out. I was like, Oh, shit, I need to get the hell out of this situation. And I did and I had a decent day. I really did. And then, uh, Im going home and I see the black gangs hangin out and I was like, Please. Please, not today. Im not emotionally prepared to deal with this today. Please, just not today! And, of course, they smelled that fear from a mile away. For real! And this guy comes up to me, he was like, Say, Jose! You in the wrong motherfuckin neighborhood, Jose. You done fucked up today, Jose! Where your crew at, Jose? Im lookin around for Jose. Im like, Who the hell is Jose? I was like, Come on, man. My name is Mohammed. He goes, Ah, man! Salaam alaikum, brother, shit, my bad! You know? I ended up selling all the gang members fake Rolexes. Im not gonna lie. I was that Arab connect, thats what I was. It was really rough, man. I had some rough times. Thats why youve gotta think of, like, backup plans and exit strategies. Its important. I learned from being a refugee, youve gotta have plan B and C and D. Thats why I learned Spanish. Just in case some shit breaks out, I can camouflage at any moment in time. Its gettin rough, man. They start hunting Arabs and Muslims, I dont know whatll happen. Theyll be like, chh-chh! Hey, boy! Hey, boy, you one of them A-rabs, huh? You one of them Muslims, huh? Id be like, No, vato, come on… [mutters in Spanish] Sí. Yo regreso a mi país, Mexico! And just get the fuck out of there. Jump over that unfinished fence, you know what I mean? Ive thought about it. Ill just start selling falafel tacos, and… Start a Halal Hermanos truck in Ciudad de Mexico and shit. Just be sitting there yelling, Ay, salsa verde con tahini sauce, puto, andale! [chuckles] Shakin her head. Its all right! She was like, That doesnt sound delicious at all. Immigration is tough, you know. They talk about this extreme vetting and everything happening. Look, it took me 20 years to get my citizenship. It took my mom almost 21 years. Outrageously long. 20 years! Like, I didnt have a… For ten of those 20 years, I travelled the world doing stand-up comedy without a passport. Really difficult to pull off, by the way. I had what they call a refugee travel document and on the front of this document, it says, Department of Homeland Security. All right? On the inside, in all caps, it says, This is not a US passport. Confuses everybody that I interact with, including the kiosk machine checkin in, right? Like, you get a passport, you scan your passport, you get your boardin pass and you out. Aah! Party! Were leavin! Right? Well, my shit doesnt scan, so I have to show up and be like, Um… Excuse me. Uh… Excuse me, maam. Can you please help me check in? Shes like, Sir, please scan your passport. Yeah, I dont know why youre yellin at me. I just got here. [sighs] Yeah, I was here a week ago and, uh, it didnt scan, so I was just… Can you please help me check in? Sir, did you try it today? Thats a really good observation. I didnt think about it today. Maybe today, it works. I scan my travel document. A huge exclamation point comes up. Please seek help from representative. Excuse me, maam. The Check Engine light just came on on this damn thing. Its about to explode. Can you please help me check in? She shows up. Shes like, Sir, just give me your passport. Oh, God. So I give it to her, shes like, Okay. Uh, sir, this is not a passport. I was like, Yeah, I know. Ive been trying to talk to you since I got here. See, its a… its a travel document, so I can travel with it, because theres visas issued from the countries that Im visiting so obviously I can travel with it. Shes like, Sir… this… is not… a passport. I was like, I speak English perfectly, maam. I dont know why youre talkin to me this way. See, in 1948, the United Nations was founded and in 1951, they had a Geneva Convention and they created a Geneva passport that allows refugees and asylees to travel while theyre seeking asylum from their respective countries. But you know what? Im just gonna blow up this whole fuckin airport, thats what Im gonna do! I mean, my God, youre just makin it really difficult for me to maintain my ethics in this situation, like… I just wanna fucking go nuts, like… Why are you making it so difficult for me to be an ethical person? Like, its just all these fuckin roadblocks. This is the beginning of a 20-hour journey. Can you imagine? This is just checkin in, all right? This is just checkin… Next… Uh, you need a passport… Uhh… Next… Uh, you need a passport… Uh, 1949, uh, muh, uh… Boom! And then you get to the country, you finally get there and you think youre free and they go, Uh, your questioning. Every fucking… Every place, theres questioning, interrogation. Japan, by far my favorite interrogation Ive ever had in my life. It was just an hour of them trying to figure out what I did for a living. The entire hour… The entire hour consisted of, So, what is your occupation? I was like, Oh, Im a comedian. Comedian? Yeah, yeah, I do stand-up comedy. Stand-up-a comed-ah? I was like, Yeah, man, I do comedy. Comed-ah? Yeah, I do stand-up comedy. Stand-up-a comed-ah? Yeah, I… Im a comedian. Comedian? Am I being roasted right now? Whats happening? Like, what is going… Finally, his friend walks in. I was so relieved somebody else walked in. And he goes, Hey. Hari-san-ye. Ha-da-da. Comedian-uh. He goes, Oh, yeah, comedian! Hes like-uh Bill Cosby! And thats what got me off, was Bill Cosby. I mean, not literally, not literally. But figuratively, I swear to God. Yes! Its exhausting. I went to England. England is probably one of the toughest countries to travel to if you dont have a passport. Like, theyve fucked the whole world so they feel scared that the shits gonna come back to them. So they are really protective of everything. Like, seriously, check this out, all right? Before you get a visa, you gotta get fingerprints. Get your visa, gotta get confirmation of fingerprints. Then you land in London and theyre like, Ohhh. Ohhh. Ohhh. Oh, hello, Mohammed, yeah. Ohhh. Oh, we need your fumprints, yeah, just one more time, your fumprints, oh. I was like, Oh, you mean thumbprints? He was like, Thats what I said, yeah? Fumprints. Dont correct my English. I speak the Queens English. I was like, Well, if thats the case, why do you end sentences with a question mark? Its really frustrating. I remember I was lost in London, my phone was dead. I was like, Excuse me, sir, can you please tell me how to get to the Holiday Inn? And hes like, Yeah, yeah, you just walk down this street, yeah? You make the first left, yeah? Second right, yeah? And then the hotels gonna be on the left-hand side, innit? Im like, I dont know! Is it, motherfucker? Im lost! I love touring in England, right? So Im in Birmingham, UK, right? Im in Birmingham, UK. I asked a guy in the front row, I was like, What part of England are you from? Being friendly. And he lost his shit! He was like, Im not British! Im Australian! Aussie, Aussie, Aussie! And all these Australians popped up like little fuckin Minions. Oi, oi, oi, oi, oi! I was like, Oh, shit! Whoa! Hey, time out! Why is this so offensive? I mean… I was like, Im sorry. I didnt think it was offensive to mistake an Australian for being British. I was like, My God, man, the British flag is inside of your flag! Its in the top left-hand corner, FaceTiming your flag. Aaaah…  Flags are really fascinating. No, they are. Flags are really,  really fascinating, cause if you look at them… Just, like, you know, travelling the world as a refugee free agent, Ive just… Just trying to decide which country Im gonna commit to, you know, uh… I was just like, Man, flags are, like, very tribal, you know? So tribal and… Almost like gang colors, you know? It seemed like, just an observation, initially. Red, white and blue was intended for white gangs. Just an observation, initially. ‘Cause if you really look at it, England is all red, white and blue stripes. Just Xd out, stripes all over it, Xd out. Come to America, theyre like, Straighten up them damn stripes! Pah, pah, pah, pah, pah! Put 50 stars on that sumbitch! Pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah, pah! America! You know what I mean? You go to Australia, theyve got the British flag inside of their flags. They threw some stars in there to let America know, Dont hit me, OK? Do not beat me up. Im with you. New Zealand followed suit cause they had no choice. And Scandinavias all red, white and blue or variations of those colors. Except Sweden. Swedens like, Well take ze blue, but ve also vant ze yellow, okay? Ve vant ze German yellow! All right, give them the German yellow. Jeez! Shut the fuck up, Sweden, you know? France is red, white and blue. Holland is red, white and blue. I mean, my God, it just keeps going. So is Russia. Russia was red, white and blue, is today, but for a while, they were like the rogue white people. They were like the really rogue white people. They were like, No! No! Fuck you! We will… We will not be red, white and blue anymore, okay? We will be Communist USSR Russia, okay? We will take over surrounding countries and we will be most powerful superpower. Fuck you, okay? Vodka! You know what I mean? And then… And then… [chuckles] And then they had to submit at some point and they were like, Okay, okay, okay. No more red flag with yellow hammer sickle, okay. Okay, we will give back independence to surrounding countries, okay. Every once in a while, I will fuck Ukraine! Thats the deal. Thats the deal. We will go back to red, white and blue, okay, okay. We will be democratic as well. Win elections by 99%, but no one is counting, okay? But in, like, 30 years, we will infiltrate your electoral system and give you the shittiest, weirdest presidential experience youve ever had! And dont forget about our secret weapon, Kanye West. Its weird. I can see Kanye West in KGB meetings. ? She give me money…? Do that one, Kanye, come on! Do that one. I like that one! ? Give me money! ? I like that, it was good. [chuckling] [sighs] I remember I was being questioned in London, right? Im waiting for him to come in and question me, right? And Im sitting there and I notice theres a poster on the wall and theres a dog on this poster and the dog has a passport around his neck. And the headline of the poster says, Get your pet citizenship today. I was like, This bitch can get her citizenship in a day? And she was smiling at me, like, Hey, I got a passport! Just dangling there. I was like… It was really wildly insulting. I said to myself, You know what? When I get back to Houston, Im gonna call Immigration, Im gonna use my super-white voice. ‘Cause thats how I get shit done over the phone. I use a super-white voice on the phone to get late checkouts and whatever I want. Thats what I do. Im serious! So I call up Immigration and the lady answers the phone with an attitude right out of the gate. She was like, Hi! Hi, INS. What can I do for you today? I was like, Hi, um… Yes, hi. Uh… Ive been in the States, I dont know, about, uh, 17 years at this point and, uh, Im trying to see if I can speed up my citizenship process. She goes, Okay, baby. Let me look up your file here. Uh… Whats your last name? I was like, Oh, oh, oh, my last name? My last name is Amer. Huh? A-M-E-R. Its almost like America without the ‘ica. Ah-ha-ha-ha! [guffawing] Oh, thats cute, baby. Thats real cute. Uh, but whats your first name? My… my first name? Uh, my first name is Mohammed. [chuckles] Oh, quit playin, baby! No, really, whats your first name? Im like, That is my first name! Shes like, Oh, you aint gonna get your citizenship, baby. Mm-mm! Mm-mm, mm-mm Mm! Mm! Mm! Please hold. I was like, What the fuck just happened to me? This lady puts me on hold and the hold music was… ? Never gon get it Never gon get it, never gon… ? And then she picked up the phone real quick and goes, Whoo-whoo-whoo! And hangs up. I was like, Oh, shit! Immigrations tough. When it comes… When it comes down to it, like, towards the end of the immigration process, its very easy. You just have to take an American history exam, okay? Its really, really easy. The thing is, I didnt see it come together like this. Check this out. The lady whos giving this exam… [sighs] Shes originally Chinese, which is fine, but she had a really thick Chinese accent. Which is fine, also. I just didnt see it coming together like this at the end. She was more excited for me than I was for myself. I turned the corner and she was like, Oh! Oh! Today big day! Today big day! I was like… Um… Is this the American citizenship office? Shes like, Yeah, yeah, yeah, you in the right place. Come in, come in, come in, sit down, sit down, sit down! [sighs] Wow! She goes, Okay, fuh question. I was like, What? Did you just say, ‘Fuck question? She didnt even stutter. She was like, Yeah, fuh question. She goes, OK, who the fuh president of the United States? I was like… I was like, Bush. She was like, Correct-ah! Says, Come on, I know you praying. I look at your file. You been waiting here 20 year. Heres a Mohammed key chain. Congratulation! Get out of here. I was like, Oh! [chuckles] It was dope. It was that fast. It was like, Oh, my God, this is so easy, and then she goes, No, no, you have to go to interview. And its just like one more interrogation for old times sake, you know? Standing out there, I got to know this guy named Javier. We became really close. We were both nervous together.Im like… [in Spanish] Hi, Javier, you doing good, my friend? Yes, Im well, but Im really nervous. Yeah. Me too, my friend, me too. Ive been waiting here two hours. I dont know whats going on, but Im nervous. I am too, I am too. [chuckles] All of a sudden, the door opens up. [squeals] Come on in. Uh… Me or Javier? You, sir. Please, come on in. Hes pointing at me, Javier. Be careful. Sit down. Okay. Please answer yes or no to the following questions. Okay. I mean yes. No. Whatever. Im just nervous.  ‘Fuck question. Have you or anybody else you know been involved with or given funds to from the time period of 1933 to 1945 with the Nazi Party? I was like, What? I was like, Oh! Oh, youre kidding! I thought you were serious, man. You had me so nervous. Please answer yes or no. No, I was not involved with the Nazi Party whatsoever, man. I wasnt even born. I dont know what youre talking about. Next question. Have you or anybody else you know been involved with or given funds to any terrorist organizations, Mr. Mohammed? Super-racist! I was like, No, of course not. And I have to ask you a question. Who the hell says yes? Okay? Seriously, it baffles my mind. Is this an effective method of capturing terrorists worldwide? I mean, did you catch somebody off-guard at some point? What the fuck are you talkin about? Have you been sittin there like, ‘Have you or anybody else you know been involved with any terrorist–‘ ‘You got me! Ohhh! Ohhh! You are so tricky, you know? Two more minutes, I was gonna kill all you mother-bitches, you know? Heres the bomb. Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh! All right, all right, all right, take it, take it, all right. [sighs] Hey, cut the green wire, okay? Im just kidding. The blue wire, all right? [chuckles] I dont know! Huh? Germany was probably the most interesting without my passport, you know. Such a relief to have it now, but, man, Germany was, like, I get there and the guys like, Ja, ja, velcome to Germany. Can I… Can I please have your passport, please? Im like, Yeah, sure. Here you go. Hes like, Ja, is good, ja. I look very special, ja? Oh, noooo! Oh, nooo! I say, ‘Can I have your passport, please?  Im like, Hey, man, that is my passport. Vell, it cannot be your passport. Well, it is my passport. Vell, it cannot be your passport. Well, it is my passport. Vell, it cannot be your passport. Well, it is my passport! Vell, it says here its not a passport, ja? Hm? Hm? Hm? Hm? Hm? Hm? It shows here you are born in Kuwait, ja? Can I please have your Kuwaiti passport? I was like, Man, I dont have a Kuwaiti passport. Hes like Vy dont you have a Kuwaiti passport! I was like, Relax, okay? In Kuwait, it doesnt matter if youre born there. It matters where your parents come from. He goes, Ja. Well, vere do your parents come from? I was like, My parents are Palestinian. He goes, Vell, give me your Palestinian passport. I was like, Bro, I dont have a Palestinian passport! Well, vy dont you have a Palestinian passport? I was like,  ‘Cause Palestines not a state! He goes, Well, vy dont you make it a state? I was like, What? Have you not read the news the last 70 years? And by the way, Im in Germany. This is all your fucking fault to begin with! I thought I was gonna go to jail, I really did. His reaction shocked me. He goes, Ja, its true, ja, and just stamps my shit. I was like, Thank you! The most incredible experience. So nice for somebody to admit that theyre wrong immediately, you know? Germany was fine. It was easy, I got through, it was great. But youd think the Middle East would be easier on me, but its much worse, you know. Its cause I have family there. Thats the thing about Arabs. Youve gotta come back with, like, 15 suitcases. Its like this Arab protocol that your mom sends, like, a telegram or whatever they still send to each other. Im serious. They send something, you just walk in and your aunts just packing everything for you, right? Its just terrible. And theres this one thing top of the list. Its called mulukhiyah. Its like spinach, but its not spinach. Its better than spinach and Arabs love this stuff, okay? And I walk in and my aunt is putting it in clear plastic bags and then taping it. Im like… Im like, This is… What are you doing? Im… What are you doing? Im taping it so it stays fresh. I was like, Yeah, I know, I know, I know. But it looks like weed, Auntie! This is terrible! Straight up looks like bricks of marijuana. Im like, This is not good for me, all right? She goes, Dont worry, well pray for you. Youll get there. I was like… I mean, Ill take it. And then my uncle walks in with olive oil, okay? Olive oil is the second most important thing on the list, maybe the first. But olive oil, phew, you gotta… Its illegal. I cant… I cant take it back. My uncles walkin in with, like, so many bottles of olive oil. Im like, What are you doing? He goes, Youre gonna take it back with you. I was like, Yeah, I see what youre doing, but I cant take it back. Its illegal to take olive oil back to America. He goes, Dont worry. We will take off the label and we will write ‘olive juice.  This is his strategy. Im traveling back to America with what looks like three suitcases of marijuana and olive juice and God knows what other spices and goods are in my bag. I didnt even know. I somehow make it out of Tel Aviv into New York City, all right? I get to New York, and you know how you wanna beat everybody in Immigration to get to be the first guy out, you know? And I was like, Yeah, Im the first guy! And there was four Immigration officers. You, come here. I was like, Ive heard this voice before. You know? I was still being naive. I was like, Maybe… Maybe this is random. Maybe… I really did. I was like, Maybe its random, and then they opened up a piece of paper with my picture on it. I was like, This is definitely not random! Some real shit! It was horribly embarrassing. Im the first guy off and theyre waiting for everybody to get off. So everybodys walkin off, like, Ooh! Ooh! Oooh! Oh. Oh! Im like, Fuck you! You uhhh! Uhhh! I didnt do shit. You know what I mean? And then they separate me from everybody, finally, and then take me to a whole nother room, and they were waitin for my bags. All my bags are sittin out, and I was like, Oh, man, here we go. And the Immigration officer comes to open up one of the bags. I was like, Please, just dont let it be the mulukhiyah, just please! And of course it is. He opens it up, he almost faints. Hes like… [gasps] Like that. And he goes, Bring the dog! Like this. And, uh, first of all, Arabs dont do well with dogs, okay? Number one. Number two, this is the most legit dog I have ever seen in my life. This fucking dog had a bulletproof vest, a badge and a passport around its fucking neck! Im sick of these dogs! The dog was cocky and arrogant. He was just like, Yeah. He was so cocky, I attached a voice to him. All I could hear was Eddie Murphys voice as the donkey in Shrek. Now, he was… Im for real! He was walking by like, Yeah, yeah, you going to jail today, Mohammed! Yeah! If we dont find nothing, well probably put something in there for your ass. Right? He just walks up. I was horrified. I didnt pack this myself. I know its mulukhiyah, but maybe not. What the fuck are they gonna do? And the dog gets to my bag. Hes the most confident dog, and within a matter of seconds, he becomes the most confused dog. Hes sitting there, like… [chuckling] [sniffing deeply] I dont know, man! It looks like weed, but its not weed. I dont know what to do! You wanna sniff it, Doug? I dont know. He just keeps scratching. Finally, he stops, urinates on my bag… and then walks away. I was like, Oh, my God, I just witnessed a dog quit its job, man! Amazing! I got in with everything. My uncle misspelled olive juice. I swear, the Immigration officer read it like, I love Jews. And I just went right through. Im serious. Went right through. And, look, the olive oil we make and we bring over, we dont just consume it. Yeah, we… we bathe in it, you know? Thats what Arabs do, man. We just use it for everything. Its funny, cause my mom always wanted me to be a doctor. But its very difficult to get her to go to the doctor. And I figured it out. Its because our medicine is olive oil, thats why, and we diagnose ourselves. The diagnosis is always called lafhet hawa, OK? If you dont know what this is, it translates to a brisk wind, all right? It literally translates to a brisk wind. You have lafhet hawa, a brisk wind, thats why you got sick and then you just bathe in olive oil and take a shot of it, thats the… thats the protocol. So one morning, I wake up with something called Bells palsy, okay? Exactly. If you dont know what this is, this is when one half of your face quits working. I just woke up one morning, trying to brush my teeth and one half of my face is not cooperating. Im sitting there like, Huh… Oh, no. Huh… [lisping] I was like, Mama? Mama, thomething ith really wrong. She goes, Whats wrong, habibi? Im like,  ‘Whats wrong, habibi? Are you theriouth? Half of my fathe ith not working, Mom. She goes, Dont worry, its just lafhet hawa. Im like, A brithk wind did thith to my fathe? I wath in bed all night, Mom. Theres no wind in my room. I thaid theres no wind in my room. She goes, Dont worry. She grabs some olive oil, smacks my face, and goes… says a prayer, and she goes, Youre healed! Im like, Im not healed, Mom. Im a greasy freak, thats all! I just… My entire family thought I was overreacting. Youre overreacting! Im overreacting? Half of my fucking fathe is not working, Im being a pussy? Is that what youre thaying? Im the pussy. Is that what youre thaying? Theyre like, Yeah. I had to drive myself to the emergency room. ‘Cause were so gangsta. I get to the emergency room, the guy looks at me, goes, Can I help you? Im like, I hope tho. Then he goes, Whats the problem? Im like, Whats the problem? Are you theriouth right now? You talk to my mom or thomething? What the hell do you mean, ‘Whats the problem? No, you know what? I woke up this morning and I thaid to mythelf, ‘You know what would be really cool? You know whats gonna make me thtand out from the cwowd? If I could just try to talk with one half of my face!  He goes, Oh, my God, man, half of your face is not working. It could be a stroke. Walk back and forth. I was like, Stroke? Okay! Okay! Is it a stroke? He goes, I dont know. Im not a doctor. I was like, What? Take me to a doctor, you asshole! He takes me back there. Im so scared. Im sittin there, the doctor comes in. Hes like, Can I help you? Im like, What do you mean? Nobody talked to you already? Were in Houston, the most pwogwessive healthcare thystem in the entire world, nobody communicates with anybody here? Hey, fella, half of my face is not working, OK? He goes, Oh, my God, man! It could be a stroke. Walk back and forth. Im like, Youd better be a doctor, I thwear to God. Ill blow up this whole fucking hospital! Ill do it! Hes like, Youre fine, man. Its not a stroke. Im like, How can you say Im fine? Thank you for confirming its not a stroke, but half of my fathe is not working, tho what is it? He goes, I have no idea. Ill be back in 15 minutes. Finally, the doctor comes back in. Hes like, Mohammed… Mohammed, weve diagnosed it. I was like, Okay, Doctor. Dont be scared, Doctor. Just tell me what it is. Dont be scared! Hes like, Mohammed, weve diagnosed it as Bells palsy. Oh, my God… [gasps] I have Bells palsy? What the hell is Bells palsy? He goes, Bells palsy is when one half of your face quits working. Im like, I know what happened! But why? Why does it happen? He goes, A brisk wind, thats why. Im like, Are you theriouth? Oh, my family made fun of me for a while. It was great. My family is fun, though. I mean, my family is great. Theyre everything to me and, you know, we have the worst luck. We really do. We have the worst luck. Check this out. I have a brother, Omar, who happened to become a pilot. Im like, Solid career choice, Omar! Solid career choice! No, hes doing great. The FBI came over our house. We squared everything up. Everythings fine. No, they really did. The FBI came to our house, or as my uncle calls them, the Fibby, no joke. Looked me with a straight face. He goes, Hey! The Fibbys coming! Im like, Who? Hes like, The Fibby! The Fibby! Im like, What are you saying? He starts to act it out. The Fibby, you know? The Fibby! Im like… We figured it out eventually. Hes the same uncle that cant say pharmacy. He says paharmacy 100% of the time. The most brilliant man I know. Hes like, I have a chest infection. Take me to the ‘parhamacy.  I was like, Oh. Oh, you mean ‘pharmacy.  Hes like, Youre so stupid, okay? Theres a P in front of the ‘harmacy!  I was like, Yeah, thats… thats true. And I have a nephew named Osama, okay? I mean, what this poor kid had to endure! I hate that fact. Theres so many terrorist acts done by white people, not a single person is changing their kids name from being Timothy, right? Its fucking insane! This poor kid! This kid has to deal with so much, I can only imagine. Like, his ninth birthday was an obstacle. I walked up to him after the party was over. I saw he had a new Xbox, only one game. Were in Houston. I was like, Hey, buddy, lets go to Walmart. Ill buy you all the games you want. He was like, Yeah! When we get to Walmart, man, hes nine years old. Hes running away. I cant call him. Im sitting there like, Hey, Osa… Pssssssst! Pssssst! Sammy! Thats a good one. Hey, Sammy, come here! And whatever he was goin through just bubbled up to the surface. He was like, No! My names Osamaaaaa! Im like, Shut up! You know? [speaking Spanish] I just got the fuck out of there. [chuckles] [laughs] I mean, you gotta have backup plans, you know? Youve gotta be ready. It was tough, you know? You know, I did a lot of shows for US troops, like a lot of entertainers do. I did over, like, 100 military bases worldwide. I wanted to experience it for myself and I wanted to go just… just see it for myself. I wanted to show them a new perspective. Im sure no Arab comedians ever done it before. So I… Especially a refugee. I wasnt even a citizen yet. I was out there doing em, and then they asked me, uh… they asked me to go to Kuwait and Iraq and I was like, Um… Huh? Im like, Thats where my family fled from. You want me to go back, voluntarily, into a war zone that we fled from 20 years previous? Ill do it. And… These psychological wounds needed to get dealt with, you know? I wanted to go see things for myself, cause, look, when we left… when we left Kuwait, it was quite abrupt. My father, God rest in peace, he… he was doing very well. He was in telecommunications, he did very well, and when the war happened, all the money was gone. Phwoo! Everything disappeared. Phwoo! Lives changed forever. Bam! Erased. Everybodys panicked, but the only person that wasnt panicked was my mom. Were like, Why? We dont have any money. Why arent you panicked, Mom? Shes like, We have money. Were like, What? Well, like, how much money? I dont know, maybe thousands. I dont know, maybe. I dont know. Maybe. Give or take, thousands. I was like, Give or take, thousands? My mom had her own exit strategy just in case some shit went wrong with Dad, apparently. [laughs] But she had to get my sister and myself out and the plan was we were gonna take whatever money that my mom had and we were gonna get on a bus and this bus was gonna take us to Baghdad, Baghdad to Amman, Jordan, and then a few weeks later, we were gonna fly to Houston, Texas. But its not that simple, okay? We found out that if they found anything valuable on you, okay, they were just gonna take it from you. So my mom grabs a razor, opens up her purse… Ill never forget this. She cuts a perfect line behind each zipper and puts equal amounts of money on each side and then sews it up perfectly like nothin happened. I was like, My God, my mother is a gangsta! And then… And then she made two custom money belts, one for herself and one for my sister, cause the odds of searching women are very, very low. Then we started leaving. We get on this bus and my mom finds a little money. Shes like, What am I gonna do? She puts it in the lining of this suitcase. Its a little lazy, but she does it. And then… Its too late, its true. Shell tell you. We get on the bus, we start leaving. Life is changing forever. This is a really traumatic moment in my life. We started leaving. We get to Baghdad and were looking out the window and theyre just breaking the suitcases. Theyre just ripping em apart, slashing them, going for it. They were hip to shit. My mom looks out the window. She goes, Theyre gonna find that money. And then we look at my sister. She has zero gangsta skills. She is sweating profusely. Shes about to sell everybody the fuck out for sure, okay? Im telling you, if anybody walked up to her, Is there something we need to know, little lady? We have money! She was about to… God love her. She was so scared. And my mom palms her head like she wants to crush a watermelon, but she loves her. You know, like, Aww. Awww! Aww! Aw, aw, aw! She goes, Listen, okay? Grab your brother and get the hell away from me, okay? ‘Cause if they see your face, theyll know immediately, all right? So were like, Whatever, letting my mom do her thing, right? We walk off the bus, and my mom opens the suitcase, a little bit of money, she messes up all the clothes and she throws some orange peels all over it, some trash all over it, and we just walk out the bus and were waiting. Some time goes by, and we start walking back on the bus. Well, an Iraqi soldier sees my mother. He was like, Hey, lady, I dont think you ever got off the bus. What the hell absolves you from getting searched? And he starts berating my mother, saying some really horrible shit to her, and then his superior officer sees him. He gets upset with him. He grabs him, puts him up against a wall. Hes like, Whats wrong with you? How could you talk to this woman this way? Look at her bag, you dummy! Its in shambles. Its obviously been searched already. And look at this womans face. This is not a face of a liar. And then he grabs him, kicks him off the bus, and then he apologized to my mother. And all I could think of is, Damn! My mother is a gangsta! I love you, Mama. I love you, Mama. Thats Mama right there. Thats gangsta right there. Yeah. This is all for you. I love you. I love you. Thats it. And thats how we got here. Theres so many people with these stories. Everybody just wants a future and something to look forward to and be good about it and try to create something special for themselves. And now I had to go back to Kuwait and Iraq to revisit this entire thing. Im staying in Saddam Husseins palace, using his bidet, who kicked us out to begin with. This is such a weird-ass experience! It was really so much to handle. And its so weird. You just get on this chopper, you land at some undisclosed location. You get out with two other comedians and theyre like, Dance, bitch! Youre like, Whats goin on, everybody? Its crazy! Its crazy! Its really weird. Its really weird. This one particular base was a lot more dangerous than the rest. We heard gunshots in the distance and I was like, Hey, guys, uh, are we still doing a show? Theyre like, Yep, in front of that bomb shelter. I was like, Okay. [exhales] Good location, I guess. Uh… And I was closing out this show, and the two other comedians go up before me, and they hated em. I was like, My God, these guys are hilarious!\ What the hell is gonna happen to me? So I started giving myself a pep talk. I was like, Hey, man. [sighs] You need to go up there and just be real, okay? Just be in their grill and be real, be yourself! I was like, Yeah. Yeah, thats a good strategy! So they introduce me, I go onstage. I was like, Hey, guys, I know they introduced me as Mo, but its actually short for Mohammed! Surprise, bitches! Todays the day! Aaaaaah! [laughs] It was a horrible strategy. It was a really bad strategy. Uh… [chuckles] Im not gonna lie. Everything… I have this filmed, right? I have this on tape. Everybody laughed. I cracked them. Ha-ha-ha! They started laughing, lost their shit, except one guy. He grabs his M16 so fast, hes like, whoo! What the hells goin on, man? Like that, I swear. And then he had an Alabama flag tattooed on his arm. Underneath it, it says, The South will rise again. I was like, My God, this guy thinks hes fighting in the Civil War? What the fuck is goin on? So being from Texas, being from the South, I wanted to give him something relatable. I was like, Hey, man! Hey, man! Relax, baby! Relax, baby! Im from the South too, man! Hey, hey, hey! ? Boot scootin boogie ? Unh! Hey, man, barbecue! I dont even know why I said it. I just panicked like a little bitch. I had nothing else to say. I just kept repeating the same damn thing. I was like, Hey, hey, barbecue, man! Hey! And it hypnotized him and it neutralized the entire situation. Im not even kidding. It was great. I had a very… It was a great, great show. The other comedians were like, That was solid. I was like, Yeah! And then we started walking off the base and the sergeant looks at me and the two other comedians and he goes, Hey, fellas, uh… Make sure to remove your name tags… cause we dont want you to get kidnapped. I was like, Oh, shit! We could get kidnapped? I started to freak out again. I was like, What am I doing here? I started sweating again. And I was like, Hold on, Mo. Youre in Iraq. You look like everybody else there. If anybodys gonna get kidnapped, its probably these two very white comedians Im working with. [laughs] If some terrorist were to left field us and just hop out of a van like, Hey! Hey, this is a kidnapping! Get your asses in the van, Id be like, Habibi! [speaking Arabic] Im sorry, guys! ? A-woo-woo-woo ? No, Im just kidding. [chuckles] I would never! I like white people laughing at that. Its great. Its always the best. It takes the edge off. You know, Ive just been maneuvering the system so long and workin through so many different things for so long that I just get out of predicaments naturally at this point. At this… Look, check this out. So Im in Houston. Im driving on this two-lane highway. Its the middle of the night. I cant see a damn thing. I miss the exit so I start making this illegal U-turn in the middle of the highway. I know. An Arab move, I get it. I am who I am, all right? I start driving up. Houstons got a lot of ditches. I was like, Theres a ditch! So I put the car in reverse. As Im doing so, I see this car speeding. Just coming up out of nowhere. I was like, Holy shit! And the guy barely misses me and skids off and crashes into a ditch. Chhhh! I was like, Oh, my God, I almost got killed! That was so stupid! I was like, My God, Mo, this guy is still in a ditch. Hopefully hes OK. And then he drives out of the ditch and he parks behind me. I was so damn relieved. And then he turns on his police lights! Okay? Im Mohammed in Texas with a substantial amount of marijuana in my possession. This is a very bad situation for me. The cop comes up to me, cursing furiously. Hes like, What the fuck is wrong with you? Youre an idiot! I was like, Yes, sir. Hard to disagree, sir. That was really, really stupid. Im an idiot. Yeah, youre right it was stupid. It was real stupid. What the hell were you thinkin? I was like, Sir, sir, obviously I was not thinking. I was not thinking. Im so sorry. I was not thinking. And then he knew he was speeding, he knew he was, like, double the damn speed limit so he started feeling guilty himself. He was like, Oh, man. Oh,man, I could have fucking killed you! Like, Oh, my God, I could have really killed you! Like, I dont know how… I dont know how I didnt kill you! I was like, I know how. Its cause of our lord and savior, Jesus Christ, thats why. And he goes, You right, son. You right, son. Praise Jesus! I was like, Praise Jesus! Hes like, Praise Jesus! I was like, Praaaaise Jesus! ? Mm, mm, mm, mm, mm ? [speaking Arabic] Praise Jesus! And then he goes, Can I have your drivers license, please, son, so I can make sure that everythings okay? I was like, Oh, no. I was like, Dear Jesus… please blur this mans eyes… so he cant read that my name is Mohammed Mustafa Amer, please. And he grabs my drivers license and he goes, You know what, son? I just feel so blessed that you and I are not severely injured this evening. Why dont you take your license and get out of here? And I was like, Hamdulillah! And I just drove away. Thank you so much, Austin. Thank you. ? Yo, Texas raised and Gaza made ? ? With the PLO brigade Behind a barricade ? ? Extraordinary comedic range Forged in flame ? ? Brother Mohammed The worlds most popular name ? ? Are you not entertained? ? ? Aint no stoppin the train ? ? A new king is finally approachin But not gonna reign ? ? So lets thank This native son of the West Bank ? ? Even though his point of embarkation Was left blank ? ? You asked for the new champion Of the laugh sport ? ? It took him, like, 20 years To get a passport ? ? So welcome to the nomadic ground We travel on ? ? Just take a peek Into the mind of a vagabond ? KUWAIT 1986 NEW ENGLISH SCHOOL KUWAIT 1986 HOUSTON TX 1990 1ST RETURN TO KUWAIT 2009 RAMALLAH 2015 NOT WEED BAGHDAD 2009 SADDAM HUSSEINS PALACE 2009 OSLO, NORWAY 2016 STOCKHOLM, SWEDEN 2016 UK TOUR 2016 DAVE CHAPPELLE TOUR DUBAI 2015 DALLAS DECEMBER 2014 COMEDY CENTRAL 2018 MEXICO CITY 2015 CHAPPELLE RADIO CITY MARQUEE 2017 AUSTIN 2017 BURIN, PALESTINE 2016 So my name is Mo. Im gonna tell you a bit about myself, all right? Take it easy. You guys ready? Mo is actually short for Mohammed. Surprise, bitches! No, Im kidding. Hey! Put the gun down, fucker. I got rocks, bitch. Im good at those.

HENRY ROLLINS@KEEP TALKING, PAL@2018@ Ladies and gentlemen, Henry Rollins! [cheering, applause] Thanks for showing up. Hello, hello, hello. Good evening, good evening, good evening. All right. Thanks! Thank you. So… before anything, just a brief explanation as to, obviously, the cameras, you understand. This is being taped. Why? Portland. And this is where you might not believe me. Please strip yourself of your cynicism, which is easy to acquire in 2018. I understand. But if you can sidestep it for just a second, months and months ago they said, How about a Showtime special? I went, Well, yeah. Dont throw up. Its nerve-wracking. And they said, Well, you have to pick a location. So you have to pick a location where the audience is kinda sorta already with you. ‘Cause I dont have the time to win you over. This is not… this is not an anecdotal or comedic arm wrestling match where I make you submit. Like, All right, all right! I like it! You just have to kind of dig me already. -[cheering] -Like… right. And so… Location is key. And so they said, So where do you want to do this? And this is where you might not believe me. But its true. Ive been doing shows in Portland for literally almost 40 years. -[cheering] -And if I had a bad time, I personally cant remember it. And that… its– and thats real. Like, Oh, really? Im like– and a lot of time, in the 1880s– 1980s when I was touring, when youre all young rams at the base of the mountain, theres a lot of fisticuffs and spit and flying, empty containers of beer and whatever else. But that– I dont remember any of that hostility coming at me from Portland. So I said, Well, see if you can get me a stage in Portland. And they did. And so here we are together. -And so heres the– -[cheering] An early memory of Portland, from before you were born, I would come up here to do shows with Black Flag. -[cheering] -And… Black Flag made a live album here… 33 years ago. Ah! That was me and Tutankhamun and Abe Lincoln and Tom Waits were all talking backstage. A fantastic night. Anyway, we actually documented our affection for this city on a live album, which happens to be my personal favorite record of Black Flag, cause it was the realest one cause it was live. Anyway, heres the one thing that I found out about Portland. This is an old version of Portland, its not… Or maybe its how Portland is now. But this is a true fact. I knew a lot of really scary people in Los Angeles. The people around Black Flag, some of them were killers, some of them were drug dealers, some of them were just some really dark, you know, tough people from a scary part of L.A. The dirty deeds done dirt cheap types. And they just kind of gravitated to us. They scared the hell out of me cause Im not a tough guy. And some of these people, they just– I said, So what do you do? Theyre like, Well, you know, someone needs to be straightened out, and I, uh… Wow. And these people would have warrants out for them. And youd– they would disappear from L.A. Like, what happened to that one, that one and that one? Who knows? They might be dead or in prison. And thats how those days worked. You found out that they were in Portland. Yeah. ‘Cause wed be up here doing a show, and wed be here all afternoon in like some parking lot with our miserable, ailing, about to fall over van. And those guys you hadnt seen for two years would come up like, Hey, man. –[gasps] And like, What are you doing here? Like, You know, theres too much heat in L.A. So I said, So why Portland? Like, Because you can just kinda get lost here. And so Portland was this place I knew where scary L.A. punk rock types came to disappear. And maybe some of you are out there right now. Im– Im still scared of you. And so I wanted to tell you a few stories about shows Ive done, because I live to tour. I live to be onstage. And Ive never really physically counted every single show Ive ever done. Theyre all written down. Because I like to keep track of that kind of thing. Its well over 3,000 shows Ive done. And thats not all that difficult to accumulate shows. You just keep doing them and it sure adds up. And– you remember that quote. And so… Charlie Sheen, prostitutes. Anyway… I have seen all kinds of things. 1987, Michigan. It must have been hunting season, or close by. Me and my bandmates are grinding away in front of at least 175 people. And theyre just like… We dont like it that much. Theyre not that into it. So were just kind of beating this dead horse. And this thing flies through the air and lands next to me onstage. Its a dead deers head. Probably hunted and killed locally. And so the audience is like, So what are you gonna do about a dead deers head? I will not be bested by an audience. I have– I will not be grossed out by anything anyone can come into a venue and do. No way. And thats just years of being underpaid. It just gives you this– it gives you this callous, like, Anything, do it! And so I pick up the deers head. And everyone kind of goes like, Okay. Thats kind of gross. So Im thinking, what can I do with this deers head to severely bum out this audience? ‘Cause now theyve got it coming. They started it. Like, who– What are you gonna do today? Im gonna get this deers head and go see Henry and throw it at him. Im coming along. And so… And that was probably the draw. It was probably five people paid, and a bunch of people snuck in behind the guy with the deers head. So I pick up the deers head and I have him, rock with the music for a second. And find one of Sim Cains broken drum sticks, with which I gouge the deers eyeball out. And everyones like, Ah! Oh! And its really hard. The eyes are really attached. And so… theres good stuff in there. And so… kssh! I rip this eye out. And I go, Well… [makes chewing noises] And it tasted awful. It tasted awful. And my mission was not to swallow it. I wanted to give it back. So, like, chew– And it exploded in my mouth releasing this… really bitter juice. And see, were like three minutes into the show. Youre not going anywhere. And like what Im looking at looks like a comedy class in planes of the future. Youre like, youre in 22… Y. Youre not going anywhere! Ive got ya! Anyway, Im chewing on the eyeball. And it starts to kind of become a jelly-ish thing. Perfect for spitting. And so I go… [spits] And this like bloody, awful thing goes out. And everyone in the first three rows got some. Theyre like, Oh! [groaning] I went, Anyone else? Theyre like, No, we… And they all… they all completely submitted. Theyre like, You win. You deer-eyeball-eating bastard. -Just… -[cheering] Have I– Its like… [grunts] So like Ive said, Ive seen quite a bit. And Ive been able to tame audiences. 1984, Halloween night, Miami, at a place called Flynns. The size of your living room. The audience, we would play there all the time. Theyre angry, were angry. Everyones broke. So I took a plastic cup. I said, Fill this full of money, no pennies, and Ill do something really gross. The cup is taken away from me. It fills up with money. At least $4.75, as I remember. It bought me an omelet at Dennys later. And so I took my shoes off and I took my socks I was wearing, my tube socks, and I wrung out the sweat. And it filled up the entire, like, eight-ounce glass. And Ill never forget, I said, Salud. And theres people going, No, no! Dont do it! Dont do it! Dont do it! Keep the money, dont do it! Dont! Oh! [babbling] And I drank it. And it tasted like socks, ass, but mine. So its… its okay. Its like, so thats what I taste like. Glub, glub, glub, glub. Im like, ah! They went, You win. Thats… Youve beaten the entire audience. We submit. Play another one of your 12-minute songs. And so Ive seen quite a bit. The dumbest show I ever booked, and its nothing but my fault… On the 2016 tour, I had this idea. I will play my hometown of Washington, D.C. at the beautiful Lincoln Theatre on the night of the presidential election. It will be memorable. And so I go out in front of all these people. And I start talking, and Im many months into the tour. Im just talking away. And I notice the audience is doing something I have never seen an audience do before. Theyre looking at me with this look of concern on their face, like… What… Am I okay? And then they would look at me for a minute, like, Did I lock my door of my house? Is my dog okay? And then look down at their crotch, as you do. And like, theyd look back up at me, kind of like, What did you say? And Im up there telling these stories at a high rate of speed, thinking, Im bombing. I mean, these stories are good. I like these stories. Why dont you like these stories? And what is it about your crotch? And as the show goes on, it just turns into this dying animal on the side of a road. Like someone hits a deer, and you see it three– three cars later, its like kicking. Youre like, Oh! Just shoot it! Kill it! Make it stop! This is agony. I had this massive lump in my throat. I go staggering downstairs to this dressing room mirror, like, What did I do?! How did I bomb? And I dont think Im unable to bomb. Anyone can bomb. But I seem to have bombed with every single thing I said. And Im back there talking to this woman I know. I said, What– what did I just do? She said, Nothing. Look at the news. And as I was onstage, Donald Trump was becoming the president-elect. And these people probably paid way too much for those tickets. And they were doing their level best, This is kind of funny, Im enjoying this. [screams] Babysitter, parking, Im having a good time. [screams] It was the dumbest idea Ive ever had for being onstage. It was a perfect bummer. And so after the show, Im just, you know, a little shook up about this whole thing. And I get on the Bon Jovi Mobile, the Def Leppard Express, my tour bus. Its a rental. And Im sitting there unable to sleep. Just because my America has changed and its going to be… Well, its going to be interesting. And so I sat up until about 5:30 in the morning, East Coast time, watching the different news carriers roll out the information. Its the same information. But different news carriers have different postures. So I watched Fox News, which was the funnest. ‘Cause theyre super happy. Theres champagne corks flying across the set. Most of the people are topless. Lines of cocaine are being snorted off the chests of 13-year-old strippers. I mean, its a celebratory environment. Like, Hooray, we won. Its fun to win, I get it. And so I switched to MSNBC to see all those brave, young pundits. And theyre just trying to not be emo. Like, Well, none of us… [sobbing] thought this was gonna happen, but… So we have a new president. And… [sobs] And then I went to CNN, which is just dependably… [hums tone] Im Wolf Blitzer… Im levitating. I realized that this guy is going to turn American democracy at its very most benevolent, just inefficient. At its worst, predatory and divisive. And so we are now on our own. I dont think theres ever been a more interesting or better time to live in this country. Why? ‘Cause everything matters now. Your words matter now. Your attitude matters now. How hard you stand up for LGBT folks, and brown folks, and women folks, and reproductive health rights, et cetera, et cetera. -It all matters now. -[cheering, applause] It all matters. Where before, it was just kind of this splashy ocean of doing good. But now you stand in sharp contrast to your strange uncle who comes with xenophobic rants every Thanksgiving or so, thanks to vodka. And you will never talk him down from his ledge. But you can outlive him. And Im not saying that, lets push these people into an early grave. Im just saying that very, very soon, in your lifetime, like really soon, there will be no one left alive to watch Fox News. -They… -[cheering] And I am in no way saying, Hurry up and die. Im just saying everyone dies eventually. Except for Mick and Keith. Everyone else is going to go! And theres a topic Im not… Its not like I can tell you anything about it that you dont know. But when these brave women are standing up and saying, He molested me, he harassed me, and when anybody has the temerity to say, What took you so long… If you ever hear anybody, usually a male, What took you 25 years to finally say it, now that the guys rich and famous? Youre just after his money. No, you idiot. Its a long time to suck up your humiliation and your fear and finally stand up and say, He did that to me. Why didnt you say anything before? I dont wanna lose my job, I dont wanna lose my family, I dont wanna lose my social standing, I dont wanna be judged by people like you telling me Im something. And so when these women stand up, they should all be given Nobel Peace Prizes for the sheer guts. -So… -[cheering, applause] I have tried… on multiple live me plus audience experiences to articulate this idea. And it has bombed every single time. And I know its good, I just dont know how to roll it out. So stunted as it is, Im going to try one more time. Since the beginning of humankind, recorded history at least, we have done everything one way, where men run everything. Everything. And so the world we live in is a mans world. Im not saying good or bad. Im just saying that is what weve been doing since your parents parents parents parents parents. It has been one way and one way only. Like theres sunspots on the sun. Theres been little things here and there, Roe v. Wade, pay disparity being addressed, women standing up and saying me too or enough is enough. So little sunspots, but not substantive change that I want. ‘Cause I have no attention span, Im incredibly impatient, and I want everything right now. So, what I want, at least in America, since we lead the world, apparently, I want a new ratio of power. And I want it Monday. Easy to wish for. I want 75/25 women running things. Now… and Im not trying to get in your good graces, ladies. Because Jefferson instructs me that anyone with power will be corrupted by it. And if you think a person with a vagina cant turn into an authoritarian psychopath, give them a few generations of power and they will do it. However, wont it be a great experiment to see, with women running things, would there be less war? Theres only one way to find out. What would healthcare be like if women ran it? People who give birth. What would that be like for womens reproductive health rights, kids with physical challenges? What would education be like if women are running the show, going, Im not training these kids to become soldiers. ‘Cause I dont want my kid going to a foreign war and dying. So how do you establish 75/25 power share in America by Monday? Not peacefully. And this is the part of the discussion -which I can never… -[applause] I cant get it to work because a lot of men are going to have to die. -[laughter, cheering] -And… certainly, I dont wanna. So if any of you women go on a killing spree, remember it was kinda my idea. And Im one of the cool ones. And so… So what do you do? And Im just thinking out loud here. You know, just an idea. But like NASCAR, therell be a NASCAR event and all of these men will be looking like, Where did the women go? Where did the women go? My hand– I had my hand up one and she left. It was my daughter or your daughter. I forget. Whered they go? Whats that overhead? [explosion sound] Its an air strike and Im burning. And so… this is… This is why I think these thoughts. What is the most detrimental thing to progress in our fine United States? Its not weak borders, its not gays wanting to have equal rights, its not those brown people, its not Al Qaeda, its not Islam. Its white men. Its white men. -[applause] -And of course… But what about the cool ones? Yeah! Id like to think Im one. -[laughter] -Well see, right? Im sorry, Henry. A machete. [grunting] And my– if one of you women kills me with a machete, I promise you my dying words will be, Cool. Because… not boring! Not boring. And so obviously you cant slaughter millions of Caucasian men. And so were going to have to do some evolution. And so how do you do that? You just keep pushing people off balance. Keep standing up, and those who have the bravery to stand up, you stand up next to them and say, Youre not alone. I got you. Like all those amazing young people who marched the other day to save their own lives, thankfully a lot of people who werent young got in line and got on those streets with them saying, Ive got you. You are the future. I am your fan. Youll never know who I am. But Ive got your back in ways you dont even know. Ive been waiting for you. I cant wait! So stay brave, and always know that I am right behind you. And as a man hurtling towards 60, I reckon my job is to clear the lane so these people can get through. What youre going to see in this century, in your lifetime, in the next several years, is a generational shift. And thats why these people are so angry. Because they know, without a doubt in their mind, that the earth is shifting underneath their feet. And when you see a completely awful thing, like what happened at that school in Florida recently, then you see what happens afterwards. And you see these amazing young people, -and it is part and parcel… -[cheering] …of the age we live in. Where you have this completely awful thing happen, yet you have these cool, articulate, well-meaning young people who are not only quite sure of where theyre going, but did you notice this? Theyre camera ready. And thats one of the upsides of everyone being in front, like, selfie, Okay, you go, skate down those stairs, hit the rail, and then bounce off that car. Ev– theyre all ready for their close-up. And when you see these kids going down the barrel of national news cameras, wiping away the tears as they speak, making more sense than their candy-ass representatives will ever make, then you realize… [cheering] You realize every good thing that you did and will do matters. ‘Cause if anything, you have to be there for them. I am 57. It all hurts now. I am high on aspirin, just to stand up straight. And so if these kids who say, Come march with us, Im like, No. No. Im just gonna– Im gonna sit, actually. And Im gonna clap twice, lie down, get up to some graham crackers and a juice box. ‘Cause I dont– Im with you! But I cant do the miles. So hopefully Ive been looking out so you can happen. And so now youll be looking out so I can happen until I die. Um, just a quick story about perception. Because these days, with the internet and things being what they are, all of a sudden, someone has an opinion of you without ever meeting you or talking to you. And quite often the facts are not exactly correct. And sometimes its awful. And sometimes its really funny. And so a funny thing happened to me several months ago. Well, it started many years ago. Many years ago, in the 1990s, I was living in New York City. And my bandmates lived there, so I defaulted and became an East Village resident, which was nothing but fun. It was fantastic. And so one day, Im– in 1994 or 5… 5, maybe, uh, I was walking to band practice for like a noon band practice, I got there, at, like, 11:45. ‘Cause I put the punk in punctual. Im always on time. Ive never said that line before. Anyway… Im milling around in the front lounge of the practice place waiting on my band members to drag themselves out of their small East Village apartments. And Im alone in the front lounge, except for a very handsome man. Light-skinned African American man, no hair, wearing a suit, open-toed sandals, if I remember. He looks like a male model. And Im impressed cause I dont wear fancy clothes. Im like, wow, he wears them and he wears them well. And the man nods at me, and I nod back, as man are wont to do. And then he gets up and he just keeps… Im like, wow, you are really tall. But everyones tall to me cause Im short. Im like, wow, thats… youre impressive. And he walks over and looks down and I look up. And he said, Youre Henry Rollins. I said, Yes, sir, I am. He said, Im a fan of yours. I said, Oh, well, thank you. Like, you know, shake the tall guys hand so he doesnt like, you know, beat you to death. So I said, Oh, thank you, sir. He said, My name is RuPaul. -And… -[cheering] I didnt recognize him without his fighting gear on. Like, the whole outfit. But if you look at the cheekbones and the eyes, that– youre like, You are RuPaul! Damn! Im such a fan of yours! And thats one of the difficulties I have. Im a fan of a lot of people and I dont have a very good filter. Like, I– my tail doesnt wag a little. It literally wags off my body. And when I see bands I know, and they will give me a moment of their time, Im unnerving to be around. Like, Did you hear that bootleg seven-inch that came out of your last tour? Its got two songs, ones recorded really badly, but the other ones recorded really well. I have a different version of that from a different tape, so if you ever want to hear a different version of it, and it came out in canary yellow vinyl, theres a red vinyl version, and on eBay, I battled a guy for a clear and red version, it cost me $348, but what the hell? I have it and he doesnt. ‘Cause theres nothing I like more than beating another adult man who lives with his parents on something on eBay. I feel– I feel defeated and crushed when I lose, but I feel like a damn Viking when I win. And the guy in the bands like, -Okay. -[cheering, applause] And hell say something nice, like, My dad liked your music, as hes trying to leave. And whenever I see J Mascis of Dinosaur Jr., a band I love, theres no bad records, theres no bad songs, I really try some restraint whenever Im around J. Im like, this time Im gonna be cool. Im gonna say, Hey, J. Good to see you. And J will say, Yeah… And whenever I see him, Im like, J! Oh, damn, man! The last album is so good! It is so good! Its better than ever! You are better than ever! How are you doing?! Oh, all right. Im like… And he must like see me and like, Where can I go? He wants to run, cause Im a maniac. So Im standing with RuPaul. And Im looking up at this man, and I said, Damn, man! I like the cut of your jib. I like when youre in your fighting gear. I think youre amazing. I think you think outside the box. Youre amazing. Do you remember, 1985, Atlanta, Georgia, the fanzine Neighborhood Threat, named after the Iggy Pop song. It was like a newspaper folded. A picture of you above the fold, of course. And youre holding like a torch, you got some paint on your face, and like a grass skirt, and it says, ‘RuPaul, sex freak. And underneath the fold is a photo of me looking like Im wired on Thorazine, like… It says, ‘Henry Rollins, hex creep. He said, I remember that. I said, You have a copy of it? He said, I dont think so. I said, I have three. In… in an acid-free Mylar archival environment. And he said, Wow, youre really intense. I said, You have no idea, man! And so I just liked him immediately. You know when you have those experiences, you meet someone and you just like them. I just liked RuPaul. ‘Cause, you know, I think when the history book gets written on this century, RuPauls gonna be much more than a tall, handsome guy in a dress. RuPaul keeps people alive. ‘Cause theres LGBT people all over the world and they get told, Youre awful, youre not my brother, youre not my son, youre not my daughter, youre awful, get out of here. And sometimes they kill themselves. Sometimes they hurt themselves. They spend their whole life not feeling right. And then they see RuPaul, like in his fighting gear, like just up there going, Yeah, Im in a dress and a wig and I look good and Im getting paid. -And Im here! -[cheering] And… I mean, this is Portland, and youre all groovy and smart and literate. But imagine being gay in one of the Dakotas. Imagine being gay in Oklahoma. That might be a really heavy lift. That might be damn impossible. And RuPaul gives strength to people like that. I know he does. And so hes not only an entertainer type and an entrepreneur, but he– to me, hes a fantastic civil rights activist. And hes brave. And he thinks outside the box. I mean, he just came up with this idea, you know, he didnt invent drag, of course. But he took it to levels, like he– Youll never get him out of the American conversation. He is in there like death and taxes. He is in there. And hes given a lot of people room to move. So I will always be a fan and defend him down to my last breath. And I kind of said all that to him in my inarticulate way many years ago, and he kind of went, Wow. Youre talking a lot, a lot of spit flying. And so RuPaul does something that I cant do, cause Im uptight and weird. He will write me out of the blue, Hey, Henry, its RuPaul. Thinking of you. Hope youre having a good day. I dont know what to do about that. ‘Cause Im not a mean person, Im just really screwed up. I dont do that with people cause Im afraid theyll write back and then you write back and then they write back and… Its just I dont wanna… I dont… just no. And so I dont know how to answer this completely benevolent well wish. And I look at the email and pace in my office staring at it. How do I reply? Dear RuPaul, I was just about to write you. Thats a lie! Thats a lie. Not that I dont wanna write the guy, I just dont have anything to say. And to me saying like, I was just thinking about you, I would expect him to write back, When? And– like was it 1027 hours, 1423 hours? What were you doing? What were you wearing? What were you eating? Like, prove it! And I dont want to have to like, Uh… And so I will just stare at it and Ill write back in this kind of uptight, clinical way, Dear RuPaul, thank you so much for your letter and your inquiry as to my life and health. By– just by the nature of the fact that Im responding to you means that I am in a semi-operational state. I appreciate your interest and help and wisdom over the years. Yours forever… I dont know what to do. Im just like dialing it in from some Hallmark greeting card. And so every once in a while hell write me, Hey, be a judge on RuPauls Drag Race. Which was interesting, be the only serious judge on the show. In that everyones having a really good time but me. I have a notepad out. [mumbles] The pirouette was very circular. Never wrote the word ‘pirouette before. I give the pirouette a seven five. Why? I have never given a numerical assessment of a pirouette. Ive never used ‘pirouette in a sentence. Why am I here? But Im taking it very seriously. And– at lunchtime, I said, RuPaul, I dont know. Were gonna have to kick one of the drag queens off RuPauls Drag Race. I dont know. And I have like five pages of steno notes. And he said, You take everything really seriously, dont you? Im like… What do you mean? Meanwhile, completely firm in the knowledge that Im a heterosexual male. Which means nothing when youre 57. It means nothing. Like, Im heterosexual. Be like, Oh, youre so cute. Oh, thats darling. Hes heterosexual. Oh! Well, you… you go have fun with that. And so Im sitting with all these people who are having a really good time. Not me. Im studying cause we have to kick one drag queen off RuPauls Drag Race by the end of the show, and damn it, I wanna make the right decision. Meanwhile, these men see that Im the only one giving them my undivided attention, so they in kind give me their undivided attention. And so now all the drag queens are like looking at you. [hums song] And Im like, Me? And theyre like, Yes. And I can feel the four drops of blood that remain in my lizard-like body starting to move to the center of my body. And Im like, Oh, no, no, no! No, no, no! No, no. No, no. No. And its not like, Eww, its a man. Its like, no, its a false flag operation. Its a fools errand. I mean, there will be no ecstatic result. And so I like… [imitates static] Mayday, mayday. Please call off the blood flow. [static] And then like three minutes later, theyre like… [hums song] Because obviously Im not as evolved as I thought I was. Im just a tadpole. And what turns me on? Apparently, any human looking at me smiling in a short skirt. Im like, Im in! -Hooray! Which… -[cheering] …might make the rest of my life pretty easy. Just close my eyes, open my mouth, stick my tongue out and walk into the party. [cheering] And the first thing that goes… [makes gulping sound] You go home and… thats the weekend. Anyway, after I do RuPauls Drag Race, and after many well-wishing letters out of nowhere, which I cant thank the man enough for, he makes me a better person. At one point, he wrote and he said, Hey. Ive got this show that I do where I put people in my car, I put a camera on em and a microphone, and we drive around L.A. and we do their errands, and I interview them and I cut it together, and its a show! You wanna be on it? I went, Yeah. He said, When? I said, Tomorrow? He said, 10? I said, Yeah. So the next day, he picks me up and we get into his like 900-year-old Fiat. And GoPro on me, GoPro on him, microphones. And were going down the driveway. I said, Okay. So were starting the errand run. Were gonna go down to the… the end of the street, were gonna make a left. But then after that, its a series of right turns. He said, You took me seriously about running errands? He said… Do you know who youre sitting in a car with? I said, It is a fantastic errands run. Its all right turns into parking lots. I made a dry run at 0330 hours this morning. Its fantastic. And so hes like, Okay. And– and I have this list of things to do. And so finally we get to the end and we did all of the things on the to-do list. And hes like, Wow, that was really efficient. I said, Fantastic. We could have picked up a few more minutes. But, you know, its okay. Because, well, you know, Im gonna be dead soon. Time, time, time. Everythings important to me. And so we get to the end. He said, Okay. Youve been a very good guest. How about free lunch? Its like the two best words in the English language put together: free, whats it gonna be? Lunch, yes! Its… food tastes better when its free. Even if its awful. Youre like… No, its okay. Its okay. Its a deers eye, but its okay. And so he said, I know this great place in West L.A. Japanese place, lets go. I said, Lets go. And so I dont know if youve ever been to Los Angeles. Please come and visit. Bring the gas mask and Kevlar. You know, were Second Amendment happy. And… and theres part of L.A. called West L.A. Otherwise known as gay L.A. And thats not putting the part of town down. Rainbow flags fly proudly on the perfectly manicured lawn that separates eastbound and westbound traffic on Santa Monica Boulevard. The shops are beautiful, the smells coming out of the restaurants are fantastic, the people on the street are the epitome of Southern Californian healthy living. Like old men and women yoga bodies, flexible, good-looking when theyre half naked. And everyones like showing a lot of… a lot of flesh, fantastic hair, interesting glasses, bright… bright white teeth, theyre just like… [grunts] Like, How old are you? 88. Like… Well, wow! Yeah! Just like… ‘Cause, you know, the night is young. And so we… we are in the depths of West L.A. And we park in this massive parking garage. And RuPaul and I emerge onto Santa Monica Boulevard. Which is teeming with human traffic. Both of us are recognized almost immediately. And people are so happy. The wave of joy that we unleashed on Santa Monica Boulevard, theyre still talking about it right now. At first people looked like theyd seen a ghost. Theyre like… Yes! [imitates slap] I told you, I told you. And people are like hugging each other. Yes, yes, yes! Power couple! -[laughs] -[applause] And Im like sneaking glances over at people like… Im like, Thanks. But its not what you think. Like, Oh, please, let it be. Let it be. And of course, in this modern age… [imitates camera click] And I said, RuPaul? I think were an item. And I forget what he said. And so we cross the street, we eat in the restaurant, and it was really good. And we had a great conversation, as always, hes brilliant. And he drops me off at my place. A few hours later, in come the email. When people write me, you started it, and if youre gonna be an idiot, I get to play with you as much as I want. Youre the mouse, Im the cat. And this is going to take a while. Especially when your first email to me is, Dude, Im a young man in the American Midwest. Dude, totally freaking out in my small room, pacing back and forth. Dude, tell me you are not dating RuPaul. Dude, Ive got all your records out, Im ready to take them to the record store and trade them in. Im not homophobic, but this is just a lot for me to handle, dude. Like you gotta hit me back ASAP. ‘Cause I am totally freaking out. Do I write him back? Yes. Five hours later. Just let him just… just spin over the fire. What I want is for him to take out all those records and play them one last time, looking for the gay inferences… that no doubt wait like Easter eggs, and now that Im dating RuPaul, all shall be revealed. Its like, Okay, lets start at the beginning. Damaged I and Damaged II. All right, hes damaged cause hes gay. Its just hes gay, theres an encore, part two. Whoo! Like, okay. Right? My War. My gay war. Right? ‘Cause they dont like me and I dont like them. Eh! Im gonna give it to them. Okay, yeah. I got it, I got it. Oh! Ah! Ah! Oh, no. No! Slip It In. No! Oh, no! [cheering] I sang that song so many times! Ah! Ahh! Ah! And so let him do that. And then finally, I write him back, like hours later. Dear young person in the Midwest, RuPaul and I? Well, I wouldnt call it dating. But I would say that last weekend left a mark. [imitates explosion] ‘Cause hes now going to go to whatever social platform he goes to… Ah! Oh, no! Please do that. Do it a lot. A whole lot. Have your friends multiply it. Like, all of a sudden, all across the world, Henry Rollins is dating RuPaul. Oh, no! And theres gonna be a lot of people like, So what? Thats cool. Theyre adults. Theyre both old. Theyll have fun together. They can sit in parks and watch pigeons. Theyre in their fifties. They wont get up to much without medication. Theyll be fine. And maybe it starts a conversation. Like, Well, if he is gay, then why do you have a problem with that? If you like the music he made or the things he says onstage, why would his orientation make a difference? I… uh! And maybe some person overcomes a hurdle they didnt know that was there to be jumped over. I dont know. I just like creating trouble here and there because you can go through your life, Im balancing, Im perfectly balanced, Im going to the cubicle, then Im going home, and Im going to have the same dinner. And all of a sudden, bonk! Henrys making with a six-foot-something male model black guy. [mumbles] And all of a sudden, were awake again. And so I sent this young man off on a tizzy. And I got a similar letter, you know, the next day, like, Tell me its not true. And so I wanted to crank it up. And so I wrote back, Dear young person, um, fisting. Gets a bad rap. I think cause so many people saw the film Caligula. -Where… -[audience cheering] It was an assault. Certainly not the way Id like to be woken up. However, with proper relaxation and preparation, and a hi sign, it can… [imitates explosion] And so far, these two people have not written me back. Two quick stories about ego. One, from many years ago. I was at a festival, and– with my bandmates and I, big European festivals… [whispers] No one liked us that much. Well, no, its– Im fine. Im fine. But thank you. I… your empathy is noted. So we were always like one of the first bands on. Like, 10am, get em on, get em off. By 10:45, were done. No one saw us. Theres like two kids riding out the last of their ketamine from the night before when this muddy field was a rave. They kind of wake up in mud like, Hey! [grunts] And all you can hear between songs like, [static] Bad band is almost offstage. Bad band is almost offstage. And so wed be offstage, showered and done for the day by around 11:00, but you cant leave. ‘Cause all the other bands have now come onto the grounds, with like eight busses, five trucks, theyre gonna build a live volcano for The Verve, you know, and theyre hurling volcanic soil onto the stage. Theres like a 90-ton thing and theyre gonna feed four fans into the mouth of the volcano. Well, they signed up for it. Anyway, so I am trapped, and the rest of the day all I hear is like, Hey, its good to be back in Holland. [roars] Like, a field of people like 30,000 people, Yay! Im like, wow, thats so not me. Thats just not my life. And you just have to suck it up and take it. Youll always be on the sideline, third string. And so Im standing there like, you know, hearing some guy over the PA, This is our new single. Yeah! Never gonna be me. David Bowie walks by me. And like you, I love those records. Theres not one thing wrong with those records. The more you play them, the better they get. And so he looks fantastic. Hair perfect. Suit perfect. I go rigid. Officer on deck. And so I just stand there, silent as can be, cause I dont want to be like the thing that makes David Bowie fly away like a rare bird. Like if I– if I go like… [coughs, fluttering sound] People are like, Whyd you do that to David Bowie? Hes rarer than the snowy egret in Chincoteague in October. Like, why did you do that? And so Im like, [whispers] David Bowies walking by me. I am such a fan. This is all I need. Twenty years later, Ill be standing on a stage with cameras rolling saying, ‘David Bowie walked by me, and I was fine. So I dont need to meet him. I just like to be near him. Im fine. So Im standing there like, Wow. Thats– I like the cut of his jib. Good posture. And hes walking by me, from like me, you know, to like ten rows back. And he stops and looks to his left. And points at me, and says, Rollins! I go running at David Bowie… with my right hand extended like a lance. Not know what Im going to say when I get there. Like if I said, Ah! Bowie! Thats like two professors greeting each other down the long hallways of academia. Good morning, Plato. Hello, Socrates. [makes slapping sound] No! And so I ran up to him and I stuck my hand out and I think I went, Ahhh… ‘Cause these people, their records arent just something to me, they saved me. You know? These records saved your ass. And so… [cheering, applause] Whenever I see Iggy Pop, Im like, Hey! Hes like, Hey, Henry, how are you, man? Im like, Thats my name! Ahh! I cant stand it. Anyway, I walk up to David Bowie, or as our band members affectionately called him, the Bow, and I think I went… [mumbles] And he shook my hand, and before I could say anything, he said, Henry, you said something in an interview in a magazine last month that I found very interesting. And proceeded to quote me back to me. [cheering] I went numb. Im like, You read an interview of mine? And he kind of blew me off. Said, Are you kidding? I read all your interviews. Youre very interesting. Now, last year in a magazine in Germany, you said this. And he proceeds to quote me from something he translated from German from a year ago. Im like, I did say that. Sure sounds better when you say it. All I wanted was a highway and a truck. Just like, kill me, cause my life is never getting better than this. -And so… -[cheering, applause] He said, Have you had lunch yet? I went, No. He said, Well, lets go have lunch. I go, Let me check my day planner. Okay. And so we go into the catering tent, which has like hundreds of people in it. And everyone stops because David freaking Bowie walks into the tent. And like large Viking roadie men have like half a deer going towards their mouth. And like… And he played it perfectly. Good afternoon. I dont want to disturb anyones meal. Please carry on. He got a standing– Like, Oh, that was… that was so beautiful. That was better than Red Sails on Lodger. Oh! And so we get some food and we sit down and were eating and were talking about everything, you know, from his friend Lou Reed, his friend Iggy Pop, and on and on. And the entire mess hall is listening to our conversation. ‘Cause its David Bowie. My bandmates find out who Im eating lunch with. They come running in. And they all run up, Henry, big smiles on their faces, pretending they like me, like, Introduce us to your friend. So I said, David, meet Dopey, Sleepy… And so to each one of them, he said, How do you do? Im David. Like they dont know. And– and they all kind of… [makes banging sound] And we all just sat around him and watched him eat. Like… Were all grown men. And the way you masticate is so dreamy. And he starts looking at us like, Im at a table full of weirdos. And so he said, Um, Ive gotta go get ready to play. Were like… And as cynical as my bandmates were, cause Im a fanboy of everybody, we meet some band like, Wow, that was so cool! Theyre like, Henry, theyre just people in a band. Im like, Not to me. Saved my life too many times just to be somebody in a band. But even those guys sitting on the tour bus later that night after we watched Mr. Bowie play, the most cynical one said, I hate to admit this, but that was really cool. I went, Ah! See? Youre not dead yet. Many years ago, I was at the practice place, same place where I met RuPaul all those years ago. Struggling with my band members, trying to make some music. It wasnt going very well. Were just– its not– Were having a bad month. Year. And so were grinding away and someone comes in from the front lounge, where the phone is. Ozzy Osbourne‘s people just called. And they want you to open a couple of shows for Ozzy in Florida, what do you say? I said yes so fast I sprained my face. Yeah! Ah! Oh! Ive loved that guy since I was 12. My band members were far less enthusiastic. Theyre like, and one of them said, But Henry, hes rock. I was like, Oh! Oh, am I gonna pull rank right now. You– you salaried band member. You will start learning the set cause in three weeks, we are opening for Ozzy Osbourne. And they just had to take it cause Im El Jefe. And so we get all practiced up. Weve got the set ready. And we fly down to Florida. And we overnight in Florida, then were taken to the megadome, some huge place. And were put on a golf cart and sent, you know, miles below the earths surface to one of those really scary utilitarian dressing rooms or locker rooms that hold like 55 naked men after theyve bashed each others brains in. And they have those showers for all the men to use at once, with the really bad feeling water that comes like, Ow, ow! It all hurts. And I walked into this like massive hallway of spigots thinking, Could I stand naked with a bunch of other men, snapping towels and dropping soap? And I realized that… no. Not at all. Way too uptight! And so were looking at the amenities that weve been given in our like wooden bench, fluorescent light dressing room. now that we are in the big time. We had a can of Coke, an apple, and a coffee mug with nothing in it. Thats it. And we kind went, Well, thats the big time. The door bursts open. Its Ozzy Osbourne. He has a cigar. Which one of you guys is Henry, man? I said, I am. Hey, Henry, my name is Ozzy, man! Thank you for coming on the tour, man! We have a PA, its really loud. Play it as loud as you want! If you want to blow it up, blow it up! Have a really good time! Ah! And he leaves. Total time, 11 seconds. It was fantastic. My bandmates were duly impressed. Like, That was… that was pretty amazing. He like swept in, swept out, and theres an ash. And so we do opening for the big rock act soundcheck. You get on stage. Deh! All right, thank you. But… no, I was just plugging in. Youre the opening band. Thats all the soundcheck you get. We can hear your instruments. Go. Back on the golf cart… [whirring sound] So I say to the band members, I said, Look. No ones gonna want to see us play. Okay? Thats the downside of this show. They only want one guy, one guy only. And its none of us, its Ozzy. So if you see a laser dot on your shirt, thats a sniper. Keep playing, but run in an evasive zigzag pattern while you play. I said to our drummer, If you see the laser dot, youre kind of stuck with your seat. Youre a drummer. You can take anything. So just, you know, suck it up and get shot for the cause. I said, If you see any toothless wonders with a meth lab at home, with a brick or hatchet, or a Motley Crue eight-track to bash you over the head with, just run, but keep playing as long as possible. Im just trying to give them every nightmare scenario so theyre ready. And so, Okay, your time. And we get on the golf cart. [whirring sound] And we jump out on the stage with thousands of people. And I said, Hey, uh… were the Rollins Band. [soft roar] Like, damn! Im Freddie Mercury at Wembley! Like… no, you can hear them roar! And the whole bands like, Damn! Okay. So we play the first song like… [drum sounds] It comes to an end. [soft roar] Im like, yeah! I did things that day that I have never done before in my life. Things that punk rock instruct me to never do! You never address an audience by the city or the state, like, Hey, Florida! Dont do it. Dont do it. If I walked out and was like, Hey, whats up, Portland? Ow! I mean, its just disingenuous and patronizing. I dont do it. It came out of me. ‘Cause when you see 20,000 people going… [soft roar] It just, Heimlich, like, All right, Florida! [soft roar] I started working the stage. If youve noticed, Ive been standing stock still cause Im concentrating. You think this is easy, its not. And so I started working the stage. Which is nauseating just to say that. But Im like… And Im thinking like, What am I– what am I doing? What– what is this chicken thing Im doing? And like people are digging it. [soft roar] And then as the songs go on, Im coming up with this dumb stuff to say. Thats our bass player over there playing bass! Yeah! [soft roar] All right! Our drummer! [soft roar] We can do no wrong. So we finish the show. I think we call came out to the front of the stage, ala The Scorpions, like… And I said something awful like, Next time were gonna come back and [high-pitched] rock you! Yeah! And we get back on the golf cart hearing… [soft roar] [whirring sound] We can barely get our heads into the dressing room, knowing that next time we come back to Florida, that is our audience. Weve got em! And so I shower up alone. Fellas, dont come in, Ill be naked. I run up the top side, cause I wanna watch Ozzy play. The band is onstage. Ozzys standing right there facing the stage. Audience, band, Ozzy on stage right, your left. Hes like this. And I walk up and go, Hey, Ozzy. How are you? Oh, hey, man! Is there anyone out there? I went, Its like 19,000 people. You smell the WD40? Thats how they got the last 3,000 in. Hes like, Oh. I always worry that no ones gonna show up. I went, Ozzy, when have you not sold out a place? Like since 1968? I dont know, man. But in the afternoons, I get really nervous and depressed that no one will show up, man. I went, Uh, theyre here. And just to hear him say that, that he has trepidation about no one showing up, Im like, wow. Thats impressive. So he kind of goes back to this… Like Im not there. Sharon Osbourne appears out of nowhere. All of a sudden, shes there. She gets right behind Ozzy, Ozzy! And I was like, Ah! And she just… And he goes out like, Ah! He runs out onstage. And this– this switch is flipped. And suddenly, Ah! Lets go crazy! And you hear the sound of the sky being ripped in half. Its like a 747 taking off in your mind. [roaring] And thats 20,000 people on their feet cheering. And thats when you realize… [soft roar] …is the sound of 20,000 people all going like, How many more songs do they have? Can I have some of that? [inhales] God! The Rollins Band, they suck! [grunts] Oh, this song… whats he doing like…? [coughs] Oh, this is the worst crap Ive ever seen. And thats what… [soft roar] is. And it was such a humbling lesson. And I do my best to never forget that moment. Because Im always coming from that microscopic, little… [soft roar] …lest I lose the plot. Have a great weekend. Good night, thanks. [cheering, applause] Thanks. Couldnt have done it without you. Thank you, good night.

JOE ROGAN@STRANGE TIMES@2018@[indistinct chattering] [faint laughter] [audience cheering and applauding] Oh! What the fuck, Boston? Goddamn! Thank you. Its good to be here. Good to be back. Fuck! I love it. Goddamn it! Good to see happy people… having a good time. Its a tense world were living in today. You got a president thats threatening to fight an ex-vice president. [laughter] You pay attention to that shit? Its a couple weeks ago on Twitter. Donald Trump said that if he fought Joe Biden, Joe Biden would go down fast and hard. [laughter] I want to get in his ear. Ill be like, Lets make this happen, bro. [laughter] Theres money on the table. Ill commentate for free. [laughter] No rules, grow your nails out, wear a diaper. No clothes. To the death. [laughter] Fuck it. Lets bring this thing totally down. Seems like every day you turn on the news, more and more crazy shit. When are we going to realize we shouldnt have a fucking president? Its a ridiculous idea to have a popularity contest to see who controls everything. Because if you could go back in time and grab Thomas Jefferson and bring him to 2018… his first question would be… You guys didnt write any new shit? [laughter] Dude, I wrote that with a feather. [laughter] I did it by fire! Thats the only way I could see what I was writing! You lazy fucks! You guys have phones in your pockets and spaceships! ‘But the wisdom of the scroll shall not be adjusted. What the fuck does that even mean? Who told you that, bro? [laughter] We always like to say, The long, great history of the United States. Listen, thats not real. The United States was founded in 1776. People live to be a hundred. Thats three people ago. [laughter] Youre like, Is he right? Yeah! The Fear Factor guy just hit you with a fucking math quiz! [laughter] Three people ago! Listen to me, youre not going to get this from teachers. We used to be monkeys, and we found mushrooms, and now were different. And its real, real recent. [laughter] No one knows whats going on. Three people ago, slave owners made boats out of trees, and used the power of the wind to drift across the ocean. They didnt have a YouTube video to watch first. They didnt talk to a travel agent. You know what they had? A drawing. Some guy went there and drew it. [laughter] Like, Are you sure thats what you saw? Thats what I saw! You callin me a liar? And they had a gunfight in the dirt streets. They were fucking savages just three people ago. They took their baby and jumped on a boat and floated across the fucking ocean with their kids. Animals. Thats us. It just happened. Real recent! I just never saw Trump coming. Well, you dont pay attention to trends. We have a very clear trend in this country. We try one person as president, and the next person has to be completely opposite. ‘Cause no one can do the job correctly. So we let someone try it and were like, He fucked it up. We go with this guy whos totally different, whos got our interests in mind. And we always do the same thing. We go right, left, dumb, smart. We give everybody a chance. [laughter] We go Clinton, Bush. Then we go Bush, Obama. Obama, Trump. We just got out of a long-term relationship with a very boring but sensible person, and now were dating a whore. [laughter] [cheers and applause] All right? Shes got fake hair. Shes racist. Shes always lying. We dont care! Were not trying to start a family, we just want to run red lights and fuck. [laughter] All right? [applause] For real. We dont know what were doing. If this country was a person, wed be on coke, driving a yellow Corvette, singing Mötley Crüe songs in front of our exs house. [laughter] Were going crazy! [laughter] Well, it would have been so much better if Hillary won. [moans] [audience cheers] Oh, we got so close! Oh! We almost had a woman! Oh, girls, relax. I think a woman can be president. But lets not use a lying old lady who faints a lot. [laughter] I think you can do better. Its not that I dont think a woman can be president. Im fucking sure a woman can fuck it up just as bad as the men that fucked it up. No ones going to do it right. But if Hillary Clinton was my own mom, Id be like, Mom! You cant be president. You cant stand up fast. [laughter] Ill show you! One ring to rule them all… [groans] [laughter and applause] [in a womans voice] Oh, youre sexist! I see, youre sexist! As well as short. Youre fucking sexist! Ugh! Defuse my point of view. I am sexist. But Im sexist against men. I decided during this whole Harvey Weinstein thing. This is why. Thats when I realized I was… I had some suspicions… that I might be sexist before that. [laughter] Thats when I really decided. ‘Cause what Harvey Weinstein did, it was fucking terrible. Can you imagine being an actress? You gotta fuck that guy in order to make it. Like, ugh. What a horrible choice. Like, what a terrible position to be in! This is the only way? That sucks. Thats fucking… Thats criminal. I think that guys a piece of shit. I think he should be punished. But! [laughter] If he had done the exact same thing to men, I wouldnt give a fuck. [laughter] I wouldnt even be slightly upset. [laughter] If I was reading the morning paper and I read a story about a bunch of dudes who let Harvey Weinstein fuck em… [laughter] -so they could be in superhero movies… [laughter] Id read that, Id go, Ha-ha! [laughter] What else? What else is happening? [chuckles] [laughter and applause] I wouldnt be clamoring for justice. [audience member] Woo! [laughter] If Harvey Weinstein was a woman who looked like Harvey Weinstein… [laughter] and she did the exact same shit to men, my only question would be, Hey! How bad you want to be Batman? [laughter and applause] How long is it going to take, bro? You could wait tables in this town for 20 years and never catch a break. Or you give the nice lady what she wants. [laughter] Jude Law is in the waiting room and hes wearing a lobster bib. You tell me… [laughter] if you want to be a winner. [laughter] They dont fucking give Ferraris away, son! They make em by hand. [laughter] If Harvey Weinstein propositioned my daughter and offered her a movie role in exchange for sex, I, like every other parent in this room, would want to fuck him up. But if Harvina Weinstein… [laughter] came to my son with a solid contract… [laughter] Id be like, Dude, youre gonna be Batman. [laughter and applause] Yes, you are. [cheers and applause] [whistles] Hey, no crying! Batman doesnt cry! Come on! Your own son? Really? Jaaaaa. Whats the worst thing that can happen? Itd be a harder job. Itd be hard to please Harvina. [laughter] Right? Rich old lady, its probably real hard to make em come. You gotta make eye contact, you gotta lock in with them. They got to know youre involved in this project. Right? Rich old ladies are probably super skeptical. [grunts] [laughter] Look. Always, always maintain eye contact. That wouldnt be the hard part. The hard part is, when you go down on Harvina, she likes to rest her fat gut on your forehead. And the sweat! The sweat gets in your eyes! And it stings like sunscreen! But you gotta keep em open cause you want a Ferrari! Aah! Aah! [laughter] Nobody cares. Nobody cares about boys that have to eat pussy. No one cares. [laughter] Were all sexist against men. No one cares. No one feels bad. [faint laughter] Howd you get that car? Man, I had to eat pussy for it. You gonna be okay? [laughter] Feel bad for you. [Joe laughs] [laughter] Look, I get it. Men are gross, ladies. Im on your side. My favorite example of the difference between the way men and women are treated was always old school Fox News. I used to watch it without the sound on, so its almost like watching a wildlife program, just watch them move around. I was watching it once and Megyn Kelly was on, and she was on with Bill OReilly. They were right next to each other, so I assumed they were in the same climate. But Bill OReilly was dressed like there was a chill in the air. He had a jacket on, a shirt, a tie, and pants. And Megyn Kelly was wearing what would best be described as a vagina curtain. [laughter] Not a good curtain either. Not like one of those Vegas curtains that lets you sleep in late. No, no, no. No, this curtain is like that curtain that sits over Grandmas kitchen sink. You know that one? [laughter] Kind of flutters in the breeze. You could always see the yard. You know that one? And Megyn Kellys on TV with smooth, slippery skin that doesnt exist in nature outside the dolphin community. [laughter] Youd see her toes. Youd see her feet and her toes. She could just kick off her shoes and theres a Dorito-sized piece of cloth keeping you from the greatest show on earth. And its right there. She knows its right there, you know its right there and no ones saying a fucking word. And if she disagrees with you, shell adjust the curtain and switch her legs. Hmm. [faint chuckles] Hmm. Nobody says nothing. If I was talking to a dude… and he didnt have any pants on… [laughter] and he kept switching his legs back and forth… Id be like, Hey, man. Are we cool? [laughter] Where the fuck are the rest of your clothes? Why you so itchy? Whered you get those shoes? No one says shit while Megyn Kellys over there trying to start a fake tan fire in her pussy. [laughter] [blows air] [a clap, laughter] Its weird. Im not saying theres anything wrong with it, but its weird. She doesnt have any sleeves on. Where are your sleeves? [laughter] Thats not weird? Its not weird, its strange. I want you to respect me. I want to respect you, but youre half-naked and I want to fuck you, so Im confused. I dont know what to do. Im thinking of saying anything you want. Whatever you want me to say, Ill say it. I want you to like me more. Thats the problem with a woman thats that beautiful and super smart. You know shes smarter than you. Shes a lawyer. She never says um, shes smart as fuck. [laughter] And shes really, really, really pretty, and she doesnt have a lot of clothes on. Shes gonna get her way. All right? [laughter] You wont tell her to go fuck herself. Youve to be super secure to do that. And you can see some of her tit. [laughter] Thats weird, right? If I came here like this, youd be like, Joe, what the fuck are you doing, man? [laughter] Right, but if Megyn Kellys on TV, Oh, shes just got a cute shirt on. Its just cute. Its cute. You could see some tit. You could see some middle tit. You might even see some side tit if you catch… if shes pointing at something, she might just… I didnt even know you were looking at my side tit. Shell just pretend. But long as you dont show the dirty, dirty dark skin. [groans] There it is! [cheers and laughter] The sensitive, forbidden skin! Put it away! Its not for strangers! [laughter] Thats fucking strange, ladies. Listen, dont listen to me. Im a moron. Wear what youre wearing, it looks great, but its weird. You can show some of a sex organ. What if that was the case with dudes? What if we had a window in our pants, we could just see the shaft? [laughter] Right? Just the shaft. [laughter] You cant see the head of my dick, Im not a creep. [laughter] Okay? Just a little side dick. [laughter] You have cleavage, we have tubage, its no big deal. Its whatever. Just showing a little tubage. Why do I dress like that? To look cute for my friends. Okay? God! Youre so fucking jealous. I need to get a sip of water. Excuse me for a moment here. [Joe clears throat] I probably shouldve taken this onstage with me, but Im trying to be cool. Thats that cotton mouth, son. [laughter] [sniffs, clears throat] Woo! [cheers and applause] Yeah, you guys are legal now. I grew up here. We used to hide in the bushes and smoke weed. Ridiculous. Hiding from cops that are now getting high. Going, What do I do to all those fucking kids? Hoo-hoo-hoo. [laughter] The real problem is the laws. And Massachusetts finally has good laws. Well be able to understand… [cheers and applause] what pot actually is. Floridas got the craziest laws, cause Floridas trying to protect their pain pill industry. So in Florida, they make it so illegal, this is one of the things they do in Florida: they hire undercover cops to pretend to be high school students. Specifically a hot woman. They hired a 25-year-old hot woman to pretend to be a high school student, flirt with boys, get those boys to sell her weed, and then arrest them. [faint laughter] I dont like to use the word cunt. [laughter] When I use it, I want it to mean something. Thats a cunt. That ladys a piece of… fucking human garbage. You fucking asshole. Heres the thing. [laughter] Not only is it not fair, that is one of the most sexist stories youll ever hear. Heres why its sexist. Its sexist against boys. Heres why. You could never imagine that story if the genders were reversed. If you found out that a 25-year-old man was throwing dick at your 17-year-old daughter, and he talked her into selling him weed, and then he arrested her, we would light that motherfucker on fire in the street. Right? [cheers and applause] But if it was my own son who got arrested by that cop, Id be like, Howd it go? [laughter] Tell me what happened. Record? Youre worried about your record? You got a story, dude. You got a… Youre the first guy ever to get arrested by an undercover cop you thought was his girlfriend. [laughter] Thats a fucking hell of a story. Some people are, like, hard asses about it like, Shoulda known better. Hes almost 18. Yeah, but hes almost 16 too. [laughter] Which is almost 15. Thats like a little kid. Do you remember what you were like when you were 17? You didnt know what the fuck was going on. And this kid wasnt even a drug dealer. This kid, its not like he got caught. No, this kid was a straight-A student that thought he was getting pot for his girlfriend. He even tried to give it to her. She wouldnt accept it. She wanted to give him money, so she could arrest him. But he had to know, he was a smart kid. He had to know. He had to know something was off. ‘Cause heres what its like: a 25-year-old woman is not the same as a 17-year-old girl. They look similar, but theyre not the same. Heres what its like: I had this dog once that I got from the pound. [laughter] You know how you get a dog… Are you comparing women to dogs? No! [laughter] Youll see. [laughter] The dog, she was a sweetheart of a dog, but she had been the pound too long, she was real sketchy. And I would bring her around other dogs, and, like, when a dog has been in the pound, like, every other dog they think is going to take their food or take their bed. So I take it to the dog park, and shed see dogs and go, Fuck off! Fuck off! And every dog would be like, Whoa, Jesus. [laughter] Thats how she acted with every single dog till one day, one day I brought her to the dog park and somebody brought a wolf. Some fucking hippie asshole with wooden beads on, wearing sandals, this motherfucker brought a thing that eats dogs into a cage filled with dogs! [laughter] My dog looked at that wolf and looked at me and went, Thats not a fucking dog! Aah! [laughter] She knew. I dont know how she knew. She didnt grow up in Alaska. She wasnt a Montana dog. How the fuck did she know? But she knew. Somehow. Somehow. That had to be what it was like when that 17-year-old boy was around that 25-year-old woman. Like, Um, whered you go to school? Unh? Hmm? [laughter] Shes like touching him. [groaning] ‘Cause 17-year-old girls dont sound anything like 25-year-old women. You ever talk to a 17-year-old kid? They dont know what the fuck theyre saying. Theyre basically just practicing talking. [laughter] Theyve only been talking for, like, a few years. [laughter] They dont know how to make shit sound good. Theyre like, Have you heard the new Drake song? Its so fire! Youre like… [groaning] Argh! What the fuck did you do to my ears? Meanwhile the 25-year-old cops like, Lets go back to my house, smoke some pot, and snuggle. That kids like… You have a house? [laughter] How the fuck did you get a house? [laughter] Your dumb friends are like, She saves, bro. [laughter] My cousin did it, my cousin bought a house. Kids are always lying. 17-year-old kids. Yeah, my cousin bought three houses by the time he was four. What? Four? [laughter] Seventeen. You should know better. You know how crazy that is to say? That is a short amount of time on this planet, seventeen years old. And its a confusing time. Maybe one of the most confusing times ever for a boy, because your life is a certain way for 13 years, and then you start getting uncontrollable boners right around 13 years in. For 13 years you think you got life mapped out. I get life, you do what you want, you kind of have a good time. You ride your bike and you play your games, hang out with your buddies. And then suddenly two years later youre waking up going, [screaming] What do you want from me? [laughter] And your dicks like… [groaning] Every day. Every day. Confusion. Do I love you? [laughter] What are you gonna do for a living, bro? Another thing you get when youre 17. What are you gonna do? Youre almost a man. Be a loser? I dont know. And then you see, you see around you all these people that are chasing bullshit. Material possessions and nonsense lives, doing things they hate and getting stuck in a rut. You dont want it to be you and you dont know how to get out of that. And everybodys confused and everybodys like, Bro, what are you gonna do for a living? I dont know! I dont know. Just get together with your friends and try to figure life out. Unwind, hang out, smoke a little joint. Like, ‘Dude… [snorts] I think my girlfriends a cop. [laughter] [cheers and applause] Im like, Dude, youre paranoid. Trust me, its the weed. Theres no way. Meanwhile, he was right. Poor little fuck. Nobody cares. ‘Cause nobody cares about boys. Why? Listen, dont aw. Its okay. Were running shit. [laughter] Its the balance of power. Look, its… its all for good. So much tension. ‘Cause, like, this is a new time for jokes too, because everything I say on this Netflix special is going to get me in trouble, but I… I knew coming in. But I want to explain to people if theyre mad at me. Talk to me offstage, Im super reasonable. But I say shit I dont mean cause its funny. Like, people should get that but they dont get that, not in 2018. Everybody wants to write it down and make it literal. This is exactly what he said, heres a quote. Oh, hate! Lets end the hate! Enh! [applause] And people are way more sensitive now. Because of the Internet, everybody has an opinion and they can all express it, when thats not really necessary for some folk. Some folks, their opinions not that good. They should… keep it to themselves. But today, anybody can express opinions. Ive gotten death threats for shit I dont even remember saying. Like, I did a podcast with Tony Hinchcliffe, and apparently I said I thought pro wrestling was gay. [laughter] I dont even remember saying it. [laughter] But I got off the podcast and I checked my Twitter, and the fucking hurricane of misspelled hate messages that came my way. I was like, Aah! What have I done? [laughter] I didnt even mean what I said. It was just a funny thing to say in that moment cause hes so into it. Im like, Its gay. Its funny to say! [laughter] No, its not ever funny to say. Well, you dont hang out with my friends. So I dont know what the fuck to tell you. Well, youre a homophobic piece of shit! I wouldnt hang out with your friends! Thats not true. Heres where youre wrong. I… ‘Cause people tell you that you shouldnt say somethings gay. But I love gay people. Ive no problem with gay people. Im happy theyre a real thing. I really am. I like it, mix it up. Who gives a shit? [laughter] So if you dont like me calling things gay, then what word would you like me to use to describe gay shit? [laughter and applause] What are we doing here, man? Theres certain noises we cant make with our face anymore? You know, I think the same fucking thing, right? [laughter] Gays not negative. Its just gay. Okay? Theres certain things… [chuckles] Theres certain things that are gay that have nothing to do with men having sex with each other. Like musicals. [laughter] Right? No one knows why. Theyre just gay. Men wearing pearls, gay as fuck. [laughter] Its not a negative. And I dont really hate pro wrestling. I was just talking shit. Like, when I was a kid, I loved Jimmy The Superfly Snuka, and Bob Backlund, and Hulk Hogan, and I love The Rock. I go to his Twitter page every day for inspiration. And whos not a fan of Ric Flair? [audience] Woo! We didnt rehearse that! [laughter] You knew what to do! That man has an exuberant noise attached to his name. Thats one of the most American things of all time. Right? I was just talking shit. Thats all it was. So Tony goes, Listen, if you just watch pro wrestling with me, youll love it, and youll become a fan. Im like, All right, dude. Turn it on. He turns it on! I see a guy with shaved legs, wearing Speedos, with knee-high leather boots on, and hes holding another guy down. But not really. [laughter] The guys like, I cant even get up. And the guy hes holding down is wearing a leather mask! Im like, What the fuck, Tony! [laughter] Have you watched this with a critical eye? [uncontrollable laughter] Im not saying its gay. But lets just be honest. Everywhere else on the planet, other than that ring… [laughter] Everywhere else on Earth, when a dude shows up shirtless, wearing a leather mask and Speedos… hes there to suck dicks. Okay? Period. [cheers and applause] I dont care what you tell the cops. That guy knew what the fuck he was doing. So theres going to be people mad at me for that, but I just want you to know, for a bunch of things. Heres whats really important. And I cant believe youve to do this, but in 2018 youve to do this. Youve to say a joke and then you go, Hey, thats not… This is what I really feel. This… this is what I really feel. Theres nothing wrong… I dont want anybody thinking Im a bigot. Theres nothing wrong with being gay, nothing, and theres nothing wrong with being a fan of pro wrestling. [laughter] But its the same thing. [laughter and applause] To me. I respect both of them. I think both of them are amazing. Im super happy. Ive had some other death threats this year. I, uh… [chuckles] …put a poster up, put a picture up on Instagram of some deer meat, and I wrote, This is some meat from a deer that liked to kick babies and was about to join ISIS. [laughter] I was feeling real good about that post. Then I got cocky and I wrote hashtag #vegan and thats where I fucked up. [laughter] Ooh! That wasnt worth it. That didnt feel good. Oh! The hate, the anger! Never in my life have I encountered such a ruthless, vicious group of kind, compassionate people… [laughter] as I have in that fucking hashtag #vegan group. [faint laughter] These vegans that are vegans for good reasons, folks, but the problem with vegans is the problem with every single group of human beings. If you get a group of 100 people, just pick a random 100 people, what are the odds that one of them is a fucking idiot? Its 100%. We nerf all the sharp edges in this world and we let dummies survive. Theres no wolves running through our streets. Its 100% that one out of 100 is a fucking idiot. Some of those are vegans, and this is how it works: if you got a group and you dont have to take a test to get in there, some of them are in there for the right reasons. Most vegans are vegans cause theyre kind people. They dont want anything to die so they can live. And those people are heroes, cause theyre always tired, theyre cranky, their healths all fucked up. Theyre doing it for all the right reasons. But then theres vegans who are really only vegans cause Scientology didnt find them first. [laughter and applause] -Okay? You know. Everybody knows certain vegans that would have joined the Taliban if they took the wrong flight, all right? Theyre fucking dipshits. Those guys always have vegan in their name. Its always like vegan warrior. They just start eating plants and start talking shit. They joined a gang. Its a plant-based gang. [hysterical laughter] I dont argue with these people but I do when they say something totally crazy to me. I will check their profile, see what theyre interested in. And this one lady said something really fucked up. She wrote me, she goes, I hope animals eat your children in front of you. I hope everyone you know gets cancer. I hope you die in your mothers arms. And Im like, Well. [laughter] Whats this healthy lady up to? [laughter] [laughs] So I go… I go to her fucking page. She has a bunch of hashtags, right? Normal ones like hashtag #vegan, hashtag #crueltyfree, and then I seen one that Ive never seen before. It says hashtag #vegancat. [faint laughter] [Joe sighs] I check my watch. Its 1:00 in the morning, Im like, Fuck, do I click this? [laughter] Im like, I should just go to bed, right? I should just go to sleep. I shouldnt do this. I should have some herbal tea and read a book. And theres the other part of your brain like, Shut up, pussy. Click it. Come on! Come on! I always listen to that part. Thats the secret to my success, I always listen… [chuckles] Come on, pussy! Come on! I click it. Im hoping… This is what Im hoping. Im hoping hashtag #vegancat… Im hoping what that is is, like, a support group. [laughter] Right? Like, we all have friends that are vegans that also have cats. You go over to their house and youre like, So why are you vegan again? Well, I just dont think its our right to decide that an animal should live or die. And then they open up a fat can of murder and give it to that little fucking psychopath that they live with. And youre like, Hey. [chuckles] Hey, man. Whats in that fucking can? What are you doing? Well, hes a carnivore but Im an herbivore. If you are a vegan with a pet cat, thats like being a doctor with a pet vampire. [laughter] Pick a team, fuck face. What are you doing? You live with a murderer! Okay? If you love animals, just shoot that cat right in the fucking head. That thing eats 200 animals a year. [laughter] That is what I was hoping. Thats what I was hoping hashtag #vegancat meant. Oh! But no. No. #vegancat is a whole fucking community of people who think its a good idea to feed your cat salad. [laughter] Now, before I go any further, its very important that I be completely truthful to you, cause people call you out all the time. Its always some guy. Actually… Actually you can feed your cat a vegan diet. They do that little cunt nod. You know that thing that people do? [laughter] They tell you something and then… Oh, is that the worst? Even if theyre right, youre like, Fuck you and your facts. This fucking face thing youre doing. But hes right. You can… feed your cat a vegan diet if you dont mind them going blind… and dying young. Is he serious? Yeah, Im fucking serious. You will, after this show, go on your phone and check out hashtag #vegancat, and you will be treated to a collection of pets that look like they live in a house with a gas leak. [laughter and applause] Every fucking cat is like, When is the real food coming? What the fuck is… Theyre all lying down! Im not joking! Every fucking cat. Youre gonna go, Hes right! Theyre all lying down! All of em! And they die young! Really fucking young! They take pictures, these fucking psychos. RIP Tabby! We had five amazing years together! The cats eyes are milky, its legs are stiff. Its like… What is this lady feeding me? Wheres the real food, bitch? Its a cat! You got to feed it cat food! Hashtag #crueltyfree. Tell that to your blind, dead cat, you fucking crazy asshole! -Its a cat! Okay? [whistles and cheers and applause] It doesnt want to eat mashed potatoes! It makes us uncomfortable that something would want to kill something because what if someone wants to kill us? I dont want that. Thats what it is. Its just weird panic that we have about our own mortality. But its a real simple system. If this comes up in an argument, feel free to use this. This is how it works: Green shit grows out of the ground, dumb shit eats the green shit, mean shit kills the dumb shit. Thats your cat. Thats why you dont have to hack your way through a river of bunny rabbits to get your fucking Prius every morning. Okay? You cant feed that thing cranberries. [laughter] We went to see Joe Rogan and he hates gays and cats. I am currently blogging about it. [laughter] None of this is true. I love gay people and I have cats, and my cats are fluffy, which is gay. [laughter] I have gay things that I love. I listened to Miley Cyrus music right before I got onstage tonight. Theres plenty of gay things I love. I have those fluffy, those Monsanto, GMO cats. You ever see those cats? Like, how the fuck did that turn into that? You see a cat in a tundra and then you see my fucking thing. Theyre called Ragdolls because, like… I dont know you, maam, but if you came to my house, you could scoop that cat up, they wouldnt get nervous. Whos this crazy lady? They wouldnt… Anybody could just pick one of those cats up and put it on their shoulder, and theyd just go limp. [purrs] ‘Cause I have a seven-year-old daughter. My daughter just scoops that cat up like a sandbag in a CrossFit class, and shes barely got this fucking cat, and they just limp. [purrs] Purring away. So happy to be touched. They have almost no instincts. Almost. Almost! ‘Cause those little fuckers will sit in front of the window. And they see a squirrel across the street, their eyes lock on that squirrel, and they start making these involuntary mouth noises like… [Joe sputtering] [laughter] [repeats it] You ever see your cat do that? Its so fucking creepy! They dont even know youre there. You can get right next to them, like, What the fuck are you doing, man? They dont even look at you. [sputters] Ive had that cat since it was a baby. Its never been outside. Three-year-old cat, never been outside. And he sees those squirrels across the street and hes like… I remember. [laughter] [Joe imitates a soft growl] I remember the old way. [growls] How the fuck does that DNA get into that cat? Hes not looking at that squirrel like, Thats my little friend across the street. Id like to meet him! No, its like, Ah! Your neck is right there. [laughter and applause] Thats crazy. Thats some crazy, murderous DNA. Thats like if you had a science experiment where you had a man in captivity, and you never showed him a woman ever, until he was full grown, and then you show him a naked one through prison glass. And as soon as he sees her, he goes, Time to fuck! Time… time to fucking fuck! [laughter and applause] Dudes come over with clipboards. How do you know? How do you know what to do? I know what I know, bro! I know when its fuck time! Its fuckety fuckin! Thats what its like for that cat. How the fuck does that cat know what to do? [uncontrollable laughter] Explain that to me, science. Cats kill everything they can. Dogs will keep it together. If youve a good dog, a good dog will keep it together. Like, you could could have a pet dog and a pet hamster, and that pet hamster, if you got a good dog, that pet hamster could live a long life. [laughter] But you got a pet cat and a pet hamster, that hamsters got an hour to live. [laughter] And thats just cause your cats going to torture it for 59 minutes. That poor little fuckers like, I think hes done! Finally its gonna let me get away and Im just gonna be free! And the cats like, Not today, motherfucker. Not today. You just stick the fuck down. Its what they do. You cant feed em apples. Its what they do. Dogs care. You can put a hamster on the floor in a room with a good dog. A good dog will look at you, look at the hamster. Look at you, look at the hamster. Hed be like, Um… -can I fuck him up? [laughter] No! Thats Mr. Fluffers! Mr. Fluffers is the newest member of our family! The dog just starts calculating, like, Okay, okay. [hysterical laughter] Okay, okay. I like free food. These people are nice to me. Okay. [sniffs] [laughter] Thats a fucking rat, dude. Thats a rat! Okay. Okay. Okay, family. Yeah. Family, family! You can tell, though, when that dogs not totally on board, they just get a little too close to that hamster like, Ooh! I was gonna fuck you up. [laughter] [a few claps] But a cat, you dont have a chance. Cats, they will make Exorcist noises. You can try to hold your cat in a room with a hamster, your cat starts going… [Joe caterwauling] [laughter] Hes letting you know, Bitch, Im about to claw your fucking eyes out! Youll never see your kids again! They dont care how long you been feeding them. They dont care about your history of free massages. Theres a rat on the floor! If you let me go, I can kill the rat! [loud meow] [laughter] And people keep those things as pets. Thats whats so fucked up. Imagine if your kid did that, a kid that you couldnt have in a room with something smaller than him, hes like, Gotta kill, Mommy! Murder! Kill! Like, Junior, sit down! No! Fuck you! Death! Well, we just cant have a pet cat, cause Junior breaks the cats neck. Hes crazy. I dont know what to do. We just accept the fact this fucking cats a murderer. Cant feed that thing cranberries, you crazy bitch. Okay? Youre the monster. Dogs feel bad when they kill things too if youre mad. Like if your dog kills a hamster and youre like, How could you! [sobs] How could I? Shit! Did I do that? [groans] Damn it! Im so disappointed in you. Im disappointed in myself! -[laughter] [Joe groans] Im sorry! [sobs] [laughter] They walk to you sideways. I fucked up, dude. Fucking seriously. But your cat, the cat doesnt feel remotely bad. Your cat kills something, youre like, How could you? Hes like, Bitch, you know me. [laughter] Hell walk away slow with his tail in the air so you can see his asshole. [uproarious laughter, applause] They dont care. You scream at him. Youre a monster! They pull their ears back. Like, Why you so loud? And just lie down right in front of you and lick their own dick. How about you just shut the fuck up while I lick my dick? [cheers and applause] [whistles blowing] They dont care. They dont care about you. Cats know when youre high too. They seem to know, youre vulnerable. Dogs dont have a clue. You come home high, your dogs like, Youre extra friendly today! [laughter] If Im watching Black Mirror at 1:00 in the morning, my cat will, like, sit down next to me and be like… You know youre going to die, right? [laughter] [hysterical laughter, cheers and applause] Creepy little fuckers. Something… something spooky about predators, living with a little predator. You know? I think its good for us. I think its good for us to be nervous. I really do. I think we all need Jesus. [laughter] I grew up… I was raised Catholic for a little while, and then I wised up when I was about seven. And, um… [laughter] Since then, I was like, that discipline is probably pretty good for people. One of the things that gets me about, um, people that are really into Jesus is that youre supposed to think that Jesus is going to return. But if he did, youd never believe it. [faint chuckles] Right? Like, nobody believes new miracles. If someone came up to you and go, Yo, dude. You gotta meet my cousin. He was dead for three days and he came back to life and he hangs out with hookers, but he dont fuck em, he only gives em advice. [laughter] Want me to give him your number? Youd be like, Yeah, sounds like a good idea. I want to talk to him forever. He sounds totally legit. [faint laughter] No, we only like old miracles. But I think theres a new miracle that we might have missed, and Im going to tell you this story. There was a woman who was born in Africa, she had a birth defect. She was born without a vagina. Grew to be a full grown woman, she had no other problems. Grew to be a full grown woman, gave a guy a blowjob, and then got into a knife fight. The knife went through her stomach, the sperm hitched the ride on the blade, and landed on her eggs. She got pregnant. Nine months later, by cesarean section, they open her up like a sleeping bag and pull out a normal kid. Thats a real fucking story. Youre like, The Fear Factor guy just makes shit up to make his stupid fucking jokes work. Thats why they took our phones away, so we cant call him out on his bullshit. [laughter] No, Im telling you a true story. Yall dont yell. Its true. A woman without a vagina gave birth to a kid. Now… heres my question. Isnt that a miracle? That seems like a miracle. Like, if you… People that believe in Jesus, youre supposed to believe hes going to come back. But if hes going to come back, do you think hed come back looking like Jesus? Wouldnt that be super obvious? Wed see him coming. Wed see the robe and the beard, like, Dude, thats Jesus. Hold my hand. ? Kumbaya my Lord ? ? Kumbaya ? Oh! Hi, Jesus. We didnt even know you were coming. This is what we do. [laughter] Jesusd be like, Hmm, I dont know. I think if is Jesus is going to return and find out what weve really been up to, hes going to return as the miracle-blowjob knife-fight baby. [laughter] And wed never even see it coming, cause were not looking for it. That kids got to go to school. Other kids are going to ask questions… right? You remember what childhood was like. Kids are fucking brutal. Everybodys insecure, so they try to find someone more insecure than them and fuck with em. I had a good childhood, but it was weird. And it was weird because my parents split up when I was young, and then my mom lived with my stepdad for a few years before they got married, and we moved a lot. It wasnt bad, but it was… Kids would ask questions like, Hey, man, is that your dad? No, its my moms… boyfriend. Oh, so its a dude who fucks your mom? [laughter] Hey, man, Im eight. [laughter] What about your parents? Dude, Dude! My parents have been married since high school. The first time my mom and dad ever had sex, my mom got pregnant with me. Bro… my dad cries a lot. He just cries! Hell just fall down and start crying. We ignore him now. [laughter] No one cares. Step over him, pass the peas. We dont give a shit. This poor fuckers just weeping on the ground. Life isnt a movie, man. I never saw that in a movie. Lifes not a fucking movie, dude. Life is hard. Yeah, man. Yeah, dude, life is hard, dude. It really is. Its fucking hard. Whats your story, Mutombo? Oh, you know! Same old story. Mom aint got no vagina. [laughter] Suck a dick, get stabbed. Here I am. [faint laughter] You know, could be worse. Hashtag #blessed. [laughter] [a few claps] From the humblest of beginnings, hed be around us as we judged him. Change our ways. We should change our ways. The first thing we gotta do is stop doing this. You know what that is? Thats the symbol of the cross where Jesus was murdered. We got to stop doing this. Start doing this. [laughter] Love… and life. Love and life, brothers and sisters. Dont get mad at me! You knew why you came here! You get mad. Were a fucking hour in. If youre mad now… Jesus Christ! [audience member] Woo! Your point of view is terrible. Yeah, its how I make a living. [laughter] I say fucked-up shit. You dont have the time to think up. Thats all it is. Listen. Violence against women isnt funny. I dont know why youre laughing. You guys are assholes. Ass-holes! Especially in this day and age. -Ooh! [laughter] Oh! Dangerous time. Oh! My own mom said this to me. She goes… I just wish that Hillary Clinton was president, because I think its about time a woman does the most important job in the world. Okay. Im like, Yeah, but you already make all the people. [laughter] Like… [cheers and applause] Im not saying, ladies, that thats the only thing you can do. You make all the humans. Thats a big fucking deal. Theres seven billion people on the planet. All of them came out of a womans body. If babies came out of dudes dicks, thered be six of us. [laughter] An abortion would be an app on your phone. All right? Itd be snowing out, youd pull your phone out, Fuck this kid. Im not shoveling snow and breastfeeding. How about that, ladies? You make food with your tits! You know how goddamn crazy that is? You make the most nutritious baby food known to man, with your tits, while youre doing other shit. [laughter] ‘Cause no ones giving you enough credit for it, because so many of you can do it. Thats the problem. Almost every woman can make people. Thats the problem. If only one lady did it, one giant bitch that lived in the middle of the city… [hysterical laughter] She had a huge, clear abdomen with all our children floating around inside of it. Wed bring her food and blessings. Thats just as weird as a baby coming out of a person. Were just used to our weird. But if that was the way you did it and someone just said, Im making my own people. Look. Youd be like, Aah! [laughter] If people didnt come out of people and then they started, we would freak the fuck out. Wed be like, Whats next? No, the problem with the thing is, when you… childbirth, you have to be in the room to really understand it. Its not like a thing you watch in a video and go, Oh, I get it. You think you get it, but you never get to see the kid unless its yours. No one lets you watch. Your friends never let you watch. Even my sister wouldnt let me watch. I go, What do you think? Im gonna get horny and fuck you? Come on! Let me see the kid! I want to see my nephew. Nobody lets you in. Nobody. Its got to be your kid. By then its too late. ‘Cause you see the kid come out, youre like, Oh! Oh, okay. And then you start thinking, How often is this happening? This is happening right now all over the world! But you dont get to see it. Theres a website you can go to where you can see the actual numbers. You can see every time a baby is registered as being born. Theres like a world population number and that number is like this…. [mock buzzing] Its just fucking spinning. Its not sustainable. Its not like, Well, we gained a few people, we lost a few people. Keeping a healthy balance here on Earth. No, its just people shooting loads into each other, just fucking… [mock buzzing] Eating food and coming in each other. [groans] You just dont see it. But if there was a place you could see it, like if there was a giant drive-thru movie screen, and it was every baby coming out of every vagina in real-time all over the world, youd be like, Its a fucking invasion! Youd be like, Oh my God, now I get it! The vagina is a portal to another dimension. Its like a well of souls and theyre coming through with pleasure and love and confusing us! And then they grow up and they do whatever the fuck they want! This is how culture gets shaped! From aliens from another dimension! Ladies… you do that. [faint laughter] You make people. You make all the people. And you want to be president too? You fucking greedy bitches. Jesus Christ! What else do you want? You want bigger dicks than us? You want all the money? [laughter] If I was a woman, Id definitely be a feminist. 100%. Men are bigger, they make more money, they always try to fuck you, they lie to you. Thats too many things. [laughter] Its too many. Its not balanced. I get it, ladies. You know what I dont get? Mens rights activists. Every one Ive ever met, I want to go, Dude, we got all the rights. [laughter] We got em all. Fucking relax! The problem is, guys that are clamoring for, What about mens rights? Theyre going to pay attention to what we do. This is the thing. If girls start doing an audit of what men do versus what women do, its a big fucking difference. Men cause all war. That is somehow or another some weird fact that slipped us by. Can you imagine if women caused all the war? How long would it take before we were like, Yo, we got to kill these fucking crazy bitches. Dude, I came home, the girls are in the backyard making a plane to fly over the ocean and fuck people up they never met. These bitches are bloodthirsty. They never want to stay put, constantly conquering new ground, stealing peoples oil. Can you imagine? What about mens rights? Shut the fuck up. Stop. Men cause most of the murder. Men cause most of the rape. A guy stops me. Actually, heres a statistic youre probably not aware of. But men actually get raped more than women. Yeah, by other men, you fucking dipshit! Jesus Christ! [laughter and applause] Youre making my point for me, you stupid fuck. What did you think was happening? When you heard that number youre like, No more investigations needed. Clearly theres packs of cheerleaders out there raping soldiers. We got to put a stop to it. [cheers and laughter] No, men are so gross, we fuck each other. [laughter] See, I say that and no one gets mad. No men are like, Bro, youre fucking generalizing massively. [laughter] Its such a douchebag move to just criticize an entire gender. Men dont care, cause Im one of you, and you know. Like if I say guys jerk off to basketball games, youre like, Some of us. [laughter] For sure. Right? But if I say anything even remotely critical about women, people will get really mad. Watch. [laughter] Ladies, I love you. Youre some of my favorite people. But lets be honest, you dont invent a lot of shit. [laughter] Ooh! Feel that? Yeah! Thats some ride-home arguments in the air. Right? You can feel the tension. No, you were laughing. Its not funny. You were fucking laughing! Its sexist! No, he makes fun of men first so he can make fun of women later, you fucking moron. Oh my God, you dont even know comedy. You dont even know what you like. Drop me off. Just fucking drop me off. Just… drop me off. But you know Im right. Heres whats important about this. When it comes to inventions, were talking about inventions. Lets be really clear. I am a fucking moron. Okay? Ive never invented shit. And Im guessing youre probably pretty dumb too, which is why youre here listening to me talk. Okay, lets just be honest. [cheers and applause and whistles] Were not talking about us. Were talking about inventors. Okay, its not us. Why do we have to be on Team Penis versus Team Vagina on this one? Its crazy. The men and the women in this room, we have more in common with each other than we do with those fucking freaks out there inventing all the shit we need to make our life awesome. Okay? But those freaks out there inventing shit are almost all dudes. And I dont know why. But that makes me feel like a winner. [laughter] I feel like I won. I really do. I feel pretty good. And Im looking around at some of you ladies and you look like losers. You look like you lost. Youre not even in the contest. Youre like, Hey! [grunts] I dont like this part. [grunts again] If youd your phone youd be like, Surely women have invented a bunch of things. No, they havent. I wish they had. Women invented, like, 40 things ever. And it was all shit they needed. [laughter] A woman invented the dishwashing machine. [cheers and applause and laughter] I didnt even write a joke for that. Ill let you figure out why youre laughing. Cant call me out on a non-existent sexist joke. Its just a fact. Women invented some very important things, actually. Like, no bullshit, all jokes aside, a woman invented Kevlar, which is the bulletproof material they use for first responder vests. Who knows how many lives were saved because of one womans invention? [cheers and applause] But! I bet it was probably a chick who wanted to shoot her husband… [laughter] but she didnt want him to die, cause then shed have to get a job. Shes like, Hmm. [cheers and applause] Theres got to be a way to shoot this motherfucker and still sleep in. Again, Im a fucking moron! Dont get mad at me! Were just talking about inventors. I dont want to leave any really important women inventors on the list who are all way smarter than me, but, like, one of them was Hedy Lamarr, a gorgeous actress from the 1940s. She invented spread spectrum technology, which is how we use GPS and Wi-Fi today. This one woman did that. But she was hot, no one cared. They were just trying to fuck her. Nobody paid attention to anything smart she said. They had to wait until she died. Theyre going through her notes, like, Fucking Wi-Fi. Hmm. [laughter] Yeah. ‘Cause were gross! I already told you were gross. A woman invented the first hypodermic needle. It was one womans idea of how to effectively get medication into people. Who knows how many lives she saved? One womans idea was computer coding. One woman. She invented the computer code. Without her contribution, who knows? One person. Without this one womans contribution, who knows where technology would be today? After that… big drop off. I mean, fucking, like a cliff. The number 11 most impressive invention by a woman is the chocolate chip cookie. Again, Im a fucking idiot. Way better than anything Ill invent. But a dude invented the chocolate chip and a dude invented the cookie, and he probably just wanted to go to bed. He was probably like, You nailed it. Youre an inventor. Goodnight. Shes got her chefs hat on. Write it down. Write it down. [laughter] Ill leave you with this cause its uncomfortable but also true. A man invented the tampon. Let that soak in. Oh! Oh! Howd I do that to you? [laughter and applause] I had to. Thats what you have to say right there. I know. But for real, a tampon is not a good invention. Its just one of those things thats been around for a long time, but its like a legacy invention. It seems like a male solution to a body part he doesnt have and a problem he doesnt understand. Like, What? Whats going on? Huh? Aah! Just stuff something up there! [laughter and applause] No woman is ever going to invent a tampon! A woman would have invent a maxi pad. Like, Hey, hey, stupid. Were not stuffing anything. Were just going to take this, put it there, leave it alone. It will be fine. Fuck that! Were gonna make a cotton dick and just stuff it up there. Get in there. [laughter] What if it gets stuck? Im going to put a rope on the end of it and yank it out like a fish. Thank you, Boston! [cheers and applause] I had a great fucking time! I love you, people! [cheering and applause continue] For real, it makes me incredibly happy to be able to do this here. This is where I started. You people are the shit and I love you. Thank you. Thanks for coming. Thank you!

D.L. HUGHLEY@CONTRARIAN@2018@America has to take those blindfolds off ? ? You are not machines! ? ? Blindfolds off ? [scratching] ? You are men! ? ? Blindfolds off ? Coming to the stage, hes the king of comedy. Yall clap your hands right now for my man–D.L. Hughley! [cheering] CONTRARIAN How about it, Philadelphia? A NETFLIX ORIGINAL COMEDY SPECIAL This is a hell of a city yall got here, man. I was walking here, a motherfucker tried to sell me a bootleg shirt of me. I was like… This is spelled wrong. How you know, motherfucker? Im glad 2017 is over, man. -It took everybody. Prince gone. -[audience] Yeah. How the fuck Prince gone and Bobby Brown healthy as hell? Thats how you know God wasnt working that day. That must have been a intern. Stephanie, what did you do? I said, ‘Soldier Boy. That would have been sad, but not quite as sad. You could live without that. I flew United Airlines. Thats a rough deal there. United beating the shit out of they passengers. Remember they beat that Vietnamese doctor so bad, he started speaking English? Ouch! Shit! I fly United, I fly first class. I make em close that curtain cause I dont like that suffering go back in coach. Its so hot, we cant breathe. Close the curtain. I cant take it. Only have one upgrade. I cant help em all. Please, Jesus. Just put the dog in the overhead. [loud groaning] Now, if Id have said baby, yall wouldnt have moaned at all. Well, they got them little pillows up there. Aint no dog ever kicked my chair the whole flight. I know, man. That Me Too movement, man. Im so glad that women are finally get their respect and dignity they deserve. Its a different world for men. You got to be careful. You cant just say anything. Got to be very careful what you say to women these days. Hey, excuse me. You look very nice. I mean, if thats okay with you. Im not losing my house cause you got a big ass. If I worked in corporate America, I wouldnt speak at all. Hello. Whatever. That Me Too movement confuses me. They seem inconsistent, man. Take, for example, they had two celebrities – one black, one white. Both were accused of sexual assault by dozens of women. Now, on the black one, going to the big house. The white ones in the White House, so… I think… If I was Bill Cosby, Id start a Yall Too movement. Hey, Roman Polanski, Harvey Weinstein – yall too. Yeah. Remember that one protester ran at Bill Cosby with her shirt off with the victims of… all 50 victims across her chest? Thats crazy, man. If a man see you with your titties, the last thing hes trying to do is read. I didnt know you spelled Brenda with a nipple. Black Panther was a huge movie. Give yourself– Man, we really showed up for that one. [cheering] We was all at the mall. White people were shook. My God, there are a lot of black people in the food court. Does that guy Tyler Perry have a new movie out or something? Im not gonna walk through a drum circle to get to Sbarros. Theres a guy with a plate in his lip in front of Panda Express. We all went for different reason. Black people, we went for inspiration. White people went for information. So thats what theyre up to. It was rough cause–For three days, man, we was a three-day weekend when that movie broke. For three days, we resided in the imaginary kingdom of Wakanda. But on Tuesday, we was right back to work for real. This is not Wakanda. This is Wells Fargo. Im gonna need you to open that drawer and take that goddamn dashiki off. [applause] And stop leaving your spear in the break room. Its scaring the customers. Oh, and you make that X again, youre gonna be an ex-employee. Oh, and its Collins, not Colonizer, asshole. I saw it. Black people voted in Alabama. 98% of black women, 94% of black men. Man, we showing up. Roy Moore Jr. Thats it. If you want to make sure black people go to the polls, let a white dude ride down the street on a horse. We was at home. Is this motherfucker on a horse? We voting today. Hey, Ernestine, go get my nine pieces of ID. Everybodys concerned about they DNA, man. Everybody want to know where they from, their ancestry. I think its fucked up to live in America when they stole you from your homeland, then sell your ancestry back to you. For a hundred dollars, Ill show you where we stole you from. Nah, that definitely wouldnt be right. I aint gonna buy that. You notice white people are always very excited when they got a little black in them? Hey, Im three percent black. Youre not gonna report that to Equifax, are you? I want to be black enough to be cool, but not fuck up my credit score. Americas changing, man. I just saw Stormy Daniels on 60 Minutes, man. That was weird. That was the first time Ive ever watched a porno star with the sound up. You know, they sure doing a lot of talking in this fucking movie. It was weird watching 60 Minutes with Vaseline and a washcloth in my hand. Goddamn it, thats Anderson Cooper. Shit! I almost took a wrong turn. Stormy Daniels said that Trump had sex with her unprotected. Raw-dogging a porn star? Im like… That make me question your judgment. If you aint worrying about gonorrhea, how can you help us with North Korea? [applause] This man is obsessed with President Obama. He wants to overturn single thing he ever did, man. Last time I saw anybody that obsessed with a black man, it was a Kardashian. [groaning] They hated Obama so much, some people voted against their own interest. If you got a pre-existing condition like type 2 diabetes and you voted for Trump, you hate nigga s more than you like your feet. Now, the black man in me is appalled by Trump, but the nigga in me is intrigued. How is he getting away with this? Do you realize the shit I would do if I could fire the motherfucker that was investigating me? President, is that cocaine on your desk? You dont see any cocaine. Thats fake news. This is a witch hunt. Now they want to build a wall and kick all the Mexicans out. I aint no engineer, but you better not kick those Mexicans out before that wall get built. ‘Cause black people do not work outside like that no more. Fuck that shit. We had our turn. Thats what Februarys all about. When a jobs too hard for us, we call Mexicans. Hey, Javier, what you doing, man? Yeah. Meet me in front of the Home Depot. You can wear your soccer shoes. I need a living room built by tomorrow. Oh, and happy Cinco de Mayo, my brother. Want to kick out the hardest-working people in America. I cannot wait to see white people cutting they own grass. Jesus Christ, is it always this hot out here? [applause] How do you say ‘Im sorry in Spanish? This is overwhelming. Good thing Im three percent black. I wouldnt be able to take any of this. If they kick the Mexicans out, Im goin with them. Fuck yall. Im… Im not paying $300 a strawberry. [applause] Im not doing it. A lot of poor white people voted for Donald Trump. How the fuck you broke and white in America? How did you blow a 400-year head start? Aw, you almost had it. Got to be quicker. If you broke and white in America, you are wasting your whiteness. You should put your whiteness on eBay. Black people will buy that, wont we? Ah… Gently used whiteness. This is from West Virginia. I dont need that. Thats just… Thats like being a nigga right there. I dont need this. Percocet come with this. I dont know. Whats that? Ooh, give me some of that New York whiteness. Ooh, Fifth Avenue whiteness. Sprinkle a little Jew on it. Shit! I hate when white people pretend color wasnt involved in they decision. I dont even see color. Oh, you dont? Well, how come yall so good at describing nigga s to the police? They seem to be very adept at that. They call the police on black people for anything. Wait a minute, Officer. Theres a black guy. Hes 250 pounds… and 6 foot 5. Hes in my living room. Im watching football. Wait a minute. Hes getting away. A commercials coming on. One things for sure. White supremacists are bold since Trumps been in office. I saw them down in Charlottesville with tiki torches, and that fucked me up, cause those are the torches we use to keep bugs out of our backyard. I didnt know they worked on nigga s, too. Who knew we was allergic to citronella? I guess I know how to make you motherfuckers leave my barbecue. Come on, Ernestine. This nigga done broke out some citronella. I saw white supremacists saying dumb shit like, We want our country back! Well, as I recall, when you had the country all to yourself, you invited nigga s to the party, didnt you? [applause] It aint like we booked a cruise here cause we heard they was hiring. Ooh, they hiring in America. Get on the boat. You know, slavery is a choice. [audience groaning] Oh. Thats the most ignorant shit Ive ever heard in my life. So if slavery was a choice, Harriet Tubman must have been a travel agent. [loud laughter] I cant fuck with Kanye no more. Thats the thing. I cant. Yall can do whatever yall want. Hes ruined for me. I dont give a fuck. [whooping] ‘Cause, generally, if you make a album good enough, black people will make excuses for you. Well, you know, he aint been right since his mama died. Im just saying. Well make excuses for you, your album good enough. I know R. Kelly peed on that girl, but if you gonna pee on somebody, thats the album to do it to. Thats all Im saying. [gasps and laughter] I put on Chocolate Factory, it make me want to pee right now. Shit. [singing] Ooh. Now they want to give teachers guns. Before we give teachers guns, shouldnt we give them motherfuckers a raise? [applause] Goddamn. I, for one, am tired of them begging us for supplies. If I get one more note home with my child, Can I have some lined paper… Clorox wipes? Thanks for the gun, but Im gonna need whatever extra bullets you can spare. All I know, if you give a motherfucker making $29,000 a year a gun, somebody getting robbed. Give me the money, motherfucker! Mrs. Johnson, Im the principal! Run it, nigga, run it. Im getting me a vacation this year. They want teachers to be in charge of security, man. Hell, even policemen wait for backup. Policemen dont go in until other motherfuckers with guns show up. What the fuck a teacher gonna do, wait for the cafeteria lady? Lets wait for Irma. She got that big spoon. Shit, she took her hairnet off. We ready to roll. [laughter and applause] They had five Parkland police officers down in Florida refuse to run into that building. Man, people was dying. You want a policeman to run into a building with a sense of urgency, do not tell him its a active shooter. Tell him something thatll really get him going, like theres two black men sitting in Starbucks. [whistling and cheering] So, youre here at Starbucks early? I guess the problem is black people are not getting along with policemen cause apparently we dont understand the rules. Pow, pow, pow. Freeze. The suspect grabbed my gun and shot hisself in the back 53 times. Well, theyre afraid its black-on-black crime. Well, that would imply crime doesnt exist anywhere else. Well, 90% of black people kill black people. 87% of white people kill white people, Asians kill Asians, Latins kill Latins, husbands kill wives, wives kill husbands. Thats about proximity. You kill what the fuck youre around. We aint more violent. We just got less gas money. This must be hard, man. You realize that it takes five months to be a police officer and 12 months to be a cosmetologist? So apparently shooting a nigga is easier than cutting his hair. You should teach your children to respect the police. We go one better. We teach our children to fear the police. We aint fuck around. We talk to them like theyre going outside to deal with a wild animal. Dont make any sudden movements. Dont look him in the eye. Dont run. Daddy, am I going on safari? No, nigga. You going to the end of the driveway, so…. Now they want to kick out all the Muslims. Thats fucking dumb. Aint no more American doctors. [laughter and applause] Matter of fact, if your doctor speak English, your insurance aint shit. Nobody at my doctors office speak English. I got to get Rosetta Stone to fill out my prescription. This is from Doctor… [guttural noise] I dont know where the fuck this cream supposed to go. Hey, did you know I was allergic to citronella? We supposed to be worried about Isis. The most dangerous thing in America is other Americans. 300 Americans are shot by other Americans every single day. Hundred thousand Americans are shot by other Americans every year. More Americans have been killed by Americans than died in all the wars weve ever fought combined, so… Isis aint got shit on Us-is. Im not scared of a Muslim. Im more worried about a American just got laid off. Oh, Im fired? [applause] Ill be right back… in Jesus name. What, we should screen the people with Muslim-sounding names? Fuck that. Im worried about a white dude with three names. Muhammad aint got shit on James Earl Ray. [whooping] Ever notice every time they take a picture of one of them mass shooters, you can tell they crazy in they yearbook picture? Olan Mills should arrest them motherfuckers as soon as the film is developed. I didnt do anything! Oh, you will. You with your bowl haircut and your lazy eye. I knew you wasnt right in third period. We obsessed with guns, man. Florida wanted to ban porno, but not assault rifles. Assault rifles go off dozens of rounds in a minute. A dick go off once a hour. And thats when you young. You get past 50, if it goes off twice a month, youre a fucking hero. What are you doing, Mama? Im making your daddy a casserole. He pushed my wig back. Twice this month, and its only January. Gay people having a hell of a run. They can get married in all 50 states. Thats an amazing accomplishment. If straight people had to fight that hard for the right to get married, wed have to live with that shit. But I want to get married. Well, bitch, its illegal, so… Im on probation. I cant take no chances like that. Black people dont like gay people, which is silly, cause it wasnt for gay people, many of us wouldnt have a choir director. [groaning and laughter] Oh, that aint fucking true? Well see on Sunday. You ever been to a church with a straight choir director? Thats the most boring service ever. Hey, man, where the sister with the tambourine now? Hit it, Tremaine. We had our first gay player drafted in the NFL – Michael Sam. Im proud of America for evolving past the point where they look at somebodys merit instead of their sexuality. A lot of guys said, Michael Sam went in the seventh round simply because he was gay. Michael Sam went in the seventh round cause he ran a 4.9 at the NFL combine. In the NFL, you could be gay, but you cant be slow and gay, goddamn it. You got to come out the gate just as fast as you came out the closet now. You can love a man on Saturday as long as you can catch a man on Sunday. I find it hilarious the first gay dude was drafted by the Rams. That cracks me the fuck up. If it wouldve been the Packers or the Browns… [audience groaning] [audience laughing nervously] Caitlyn Jenner waited till he was 68 to become a woman, which is silly, cause when men get older, we naturally produce more estrogen. Women produce more testosterone. He could have saved that 50 grand and waited. ‘Cause titties was coming next year whether you wanted them or not. Ooh, my nipples are tender. I think Im ovulating. Somebody get me a hot-water bottle. Im a liberal. Im a proud liberal. You can call yourself a woman. I respect your wishes and call you what you like, but youre not exempt from biological realities. You can call yourself a woman, but eventually, a doctor gonna call you and tell you you need a prostate examination. You can wear a sundress when you go, but… you still getting a finger in your ass. Mrs. Johnson, can you move your balls? [inaudible] Im not trying to offend you, but I need you to cough. We live in a world where you can now self-identify. You can say you something, even though I can see you not, I still got to agree with you. So from now on, Im a white man trapped in this niggas body. My name is Chad. Im pretty sure that aint gonna work with the police. [imitates siren] Wait a minute, Officer. Im a white man trapped in this niggas body. Both you motherfuckers get out the car. But the nigga first. This is so disappointing. I was hoping for a different result. Bill Maher, he said n i g g e r on TV. Everybody lost their mind. He should lose his job. He said ‘n i g g e r on TV. Do you realize if every white person that said n i g g e r lost their job, tomorrow, nothing would be open. Hey, how come the mall is closed? You know why. The funny thing about that is they blame the word n i g g e r on black people. You say it in hip-hop all the time. Maybe if you didnt say it, we wouldnt say it. What a ridiculous argument. N i g g e rs been in the American lexicon since the early 1700s. Hip-hop been around since 1975. Like, what came first, n i g g e r or The Sugarhill Gang? [laughter and applause] Mark Twain or Grandmaster Flash? I heard n i g g e r my whole life. My mom used to say it, N i g g e r s and flies, I do despise. The more I see n i g g e r s, the more I like flies. First time I was ever called n i g g e r outside my house, I was in the third grade, man. Went to a field trip on Olvera Street, the oldest street in Los Angeles. My favorite ice-cream parlor was there. So I saved my money for a couple of weeks so me and my best friend could get my favorite ice cream. So we get there, and I run off the bus with my best friend. I walk to the ice-cream parlor, Im excited. I say, Sir, can we have some ice cream? He looked at me and said, We dont serve n i g g e r s. I said, Well, can we have strawberry? [applause] I went home. My mother told me. She said, Some people have the words. They say evil stuff. They talked about Jesus. You think they wont talk about you? Its never what you called. Its what you answer to. My mama wasnt a nice woman, but those were some of the sweetest words she ever said to me. She was a sweet woman that day. I said, Thank you, Mama. That means so much to me. Mama, can I have some ice cream? She said, No, nigga, you cant have no ice cream. Hey, Derek, let me have a little bit. Derek, let me have some more, man. Mm-hmm. This is Derek, my Mexican security guard. Im gonna miss you when Trump takes you away. [loud laughter] ? Its so hard to say ? ? Goodbye ? Just say it in Spanish. Happy Cinco de Mayo, my brother. Colin Kaepernick – he caused a lot of consternation, man. Everybodys upset about that taking-a-knee thing. Even O.J. weighed in on it. O.J. said it was disrespectful not to stand for the national anthem. Im like, Hey, didnt you kill two people? I mean, you and Ray Lewis are pretty judgmental for murderers. Id rather take a knee than a knife. You gonna stand for the national anthem. You didnt even stop in a Bronco. They were mad at football players in general for taking a knee, man. Why would football players protest police brutality? Theyre rich. They dont have to worry about that. Do you realize the very physical attributes that get you drafted in the NFL when youre a black man get you killed when you not on that field? If you big, you black, you fast, you strong, you aggressive – that shit work great on Sunday. But on Monday… I dont know. Colin Kaepernick – he led a peaceful protest, and hes a pariah. Robert E. Lee – he led a violent protest against America. Robert E. Lee killed more Americans than Nazis, and he gets statues everywhere. I think they should be able to keep they Confederate statues. I dont think they should be in black people neighborhoods. Like, our schools are so shitty and underfunded, we actually dont even know who the motherfucker on the horse is. Hey, nigga, is that Seabiscuit? [applause] Why does that jockey got a sword? No wonder he won the Derby. I dont know man. Were a religious country till its time to act like Christ, then we fall down right there. I remember when Lamar Odom was in a coma. People prayed. Prayer woke up Lamar Odom. Well, maybe thats true to you, but I believe nothing will wake your ass up from a coma faster than knowing your ex is making your medical decisions. Lamar heard Khloes in charge. He hopped right up. Im all right! Im all the way up. I know my wife would never unplug me. She would leave me on life support just to fuck with me. Where your bitches now? [screaming and laughter] [high-pitched] Im looking in the lobby. I dont see any bitches. Ive always, like, had a problem with religion, man, especially when youre a black person in America, cause our introduction to Christianity was a bit dubious, to say the least. Same person that gave you Jesus gave you n i g g e r so… [scattered applause] I remember Creflo Dollar, man. That makes people uncomfortable. Theyre like… Its true, but… yet so uncomfortable. Creflo Dollar, man, he said he needed $60 million to buy a private jet to spread the gospel of Jesus Christ. Im like, Motherfucker, Jesus rode a ass. You could at least get on Southwest. What if the window cracks? Pray over it. ? Safelite repair, Safelite replace ? Amen. Remember that big flood happened down in Houston, man? Every business opened their doors up to the refugees, except Joel Osteen, whos got the largest church in Houston. Twitter made Joel open them doors, cause originally, he just walked out and said, Jesus said no. He walked on water. Now you try. I dont know, man. Generationally, its a different– We got different children, man, than when we was growing up, man. Like, Adrian Peterson, the greatest running back of his generation, got suspended last year cause he whooped his son with a switch. Who knew that shit was illegal? ‘Cause if the statute of limitations is not up, my mamas getting an anonymous phone call on her. Do you feel comfortable identifying the woman that repeatedly hit you with a switch? There she is right there. Mama. If thats your real name. And she called me n i g g e r and wouldnt give me ice cream. You always said tell the truth. We used to get our ass whooped with extension cords. You come home, some shit was unplugged, you knew somebody getting fucked up. The Frigidaire dont work. Mamas mad about something. Remember your mother would call home from work? Im-a fuck you up soon as I get home. You start trying to clean the whole house up. [loud laughter] Shed get home at five oclock, you dressed for church. Hey, Mama, Im ready to be baptized now. ? This little light of mine ? ? Im gonna let it– ? Hit it, Tremaine! A lot of us are in these chairs right now instead of dead or in jail cause of the very ass-whoopings society now abhors. [light applause] A lot of people saw those welts on Adrian Petersons son, they were appalled. Look at that. Doesnt that look like abuse? Not to us. To us, that looked like a motherfucker who didnt listen. These are clearly the marks of somebody you had to tell twice. Well, what are all those bruises on his arm? Trying to grab the belt. You dont ever do that shit. [loud laughter] You take your ass-whooping, cry yourself to sleep, and wear a long-sleeve shirt to school. Its summer. How come you got a sweater on? My mama love me, thats why. [laughter and applause] If youre blessed to still have your parents, you realize its a blessing and a challenge, man. The older they get, the more childlike they become. You ever look at your parents, How the fuck did yall raise us? Im scared to leave yall home alone with the pilot light on. See you next week. [laughter] My daddy 82 years old. He got the nerve to have dementia as evil as he was growing up. I dont remember. Motherfucker, I do. And thats why your medication late. You forgot my baseball game. I forgot your doctors appointment. Thats the way… My sister called. Daddy, he dont remember nothing. You better go see him. Daddy dont remember nothing? She said, No. I said, Well, tell that motherfucker I just left. Ill be back at the same time tomorrow. I aint gonna– Done burn my gas up, and you dont know who the fuck I am. My father was diagnosed with stage four lung cancer, so we all over the house deciding the course of treatment. Doctor tells my father, Mr. Hughley, you can go to the City of Hope, and you can receive the most advanced cancer treatment known to man. You know what this motherfucker said? Well, how far is that? I said, Motherfucker, not as far as the other room. Get in the car. You aint gonna remember it no goddamn way. Father had cancer, my mother had a stroke, and my sister and mother had fought so much about my father, they got restraining orders on each other. My mother has a stroke, and an ambulance come to pick her up. My sister cant even ride with her. She got to follow a thousand feet behind. I wish I was lying, but Im not. Remember the evil shit our parents used to do to us, send you to the store to buy shit thats illegal for a child to purchase? Go to that store, get me a fifth of gin and a pack of cigarettes. Im three. They aint gonna let me have that. Huh. Take this note. Theyll give it to you, too. You riding home on a Big Wheel with liquor and cigarettes. All your neighbors, Thats a good little boy right there. He gonna amount to something one day. You watch. Remember you had the screen door with the screen torn out… and you used to get in trouble for just running through the screen? Bring your ass back in this house. You open that door and walk outside like you got some sense. [applause and laughter] The worst shit to be is the little boy that look like your daddy if your mama dont like your daddy. Why are you walking like that? You look just like your goddamn daddy. Mama, Im three. You gonna need to make better decisions. When we was growing up, man, it was crazy. Remember your mama kept everything in her bra– money, car keys, candy? You ever got some candy from a bra? That was… Here you go. [coughs] This peppermint tastes like Tussy. My mouth is numb! Bill OReilly talked about Maxine Waters wig. When I was growing up, every woman I knew, loved, and respected wore a wig, A wig was like an early warning system to a little black child. You came home and your mamas wig, was on that white head on the dresser… you knew she was home. If the wig was gone, Mama was gone. Im going outside to play. You gonna get in trouble. No, Im not. Mama aint here. How you know? Look. ? Ding-dong, the witch is dead ? ? The witch is dead… ? Hit it, Tremaine. Your mama had two wigs. One she wore every day, one was that good wig. She only wore that on special occasions– church and to go downtown to talk to white people. These motherfuckers done cut my gas off. Hand me my good wig. And watch your brother. Watch my brother? Im four, he three. What the fuck Im-a do? I just… I just shit on myself. Im not a role model. I just… I… [shouts of agreement] You had to grow up fast where we was growing up. They gave you a key, put it round your neck when you was five. You had to let yourself in your house, do your homework, and start dinner. Mama said I gotta brown the meat. You never got kidnapped cause they gave you two rules that kept you safe– Dont you take your ass outside. Dont let nobody in my goddamn house. [applause] What if the house catch on fire? Motherfucker, you better burn up. I was so frightened of my mother, I would have did it, too. Little boy, this is the Fire Department. Theres a fire in the house. We need you to come outside immediately. My mama said I cant come outside. I gotta brown the meat. Were going to have to come in. You gonna get me in trouble! [sobs] I cant have company. Oh, this fire is so hot. Mama gonna kill me if this meat burn. [light blowing] Go back outside, fireman. At least take your boots off. Stay on the runner. You remember… black people had that runner down the middle of they carpet? Rest of the carpet dirty as hell. [loud laughter] My mother meant what she said. They couldve pulled me out that house, I couldve been in the hospital in the Burn Unit. Didnt I tell you not to carry your ass outside? Mrs. Hughley, his last words were, ‘Gotta brown the meat. We unfortunately were unable to save him. A shame about my little boy. But were you able to save my oxtail? No point in us having two tragedies. [audience groaning] Growing up, only two animals we was ever scared of– pit bulls and German Shepherds. Now kids are getting hurt by alligators and gorillas. Black people, we go to Disney World just like everybody else, but if we see a sign that say no swimming, we figure they know what the fuck they talking about. Black people respect signs. We dont even tear that tag off our pillow say, Dont remove. Dont you take that tag off that pillow. You be done blew my house up. It say ‘Dont remove for a reason. One lady went to the Cincinnati Zoo, her baby fell in there with a gorilla, which is crazy to me. When we was growing up, we couldnt even touch shit at the grocery store. Every time you left the house, they gave you instructions. We about to go there and make groceries. Dont you look at shit. Dont touch shit. And you aint getting shit. [laughter and applause] Now get in the car and shut the fuck up. And stay where I can see you. We was always trying to be seen by Mama at the grocery store. Can you see me? You didnt see none of us get lost in no grocery store. Your mama told you, Motherfucker, I aint lost. You is. And if you do get lost, you better find me. ‘Cause Im leaving here in 15 minutes. And every motherfucker that roll with me better be in the goddamn car. I wish I would have fell in there with a gorilla. My mother wouldve been like, How you get down there? Thats the same way you getting out. I done told you we leaving here in 15 minutes. Gotta make your daddy a casserole. This woman went to the Cincinnati Zoo. She babysitting six kids. Two were hers and four were not. I cant figure out how the fuck one of your babies fall in there? Now, Im a shitty babysitter, but Im a wonderful parent. Aint no way in hell itd been one of my kids. Id have been calling you. Keisha, your baby fell. Yeah, he in there with the gorilla. Where my babies at? Theyre in the car with me. Hello? They knew we was leaving here in 15 minutes, so, its a… Its a family tradition. Even the gorilla get on the phone, Keisha, your baby down here. Well, the zoo close at five. [gorilla-like grunting] Cold part about it, they killed those gorillas. Only 700 male silverback gorillas in the entire world. Know what you gotta do to murder someone in America? Say you scared. Thats it. Thats all. You make people scared, you gonna die. Thats it. 700 male silverback gorillas in the entire world. They are by far the best parents in the animal kingdom. Their only job is to protect and provide for they family. Thats all the fuck they do. He shouldnt have got shot. He should be teaching parenting classes. -He… -[scattered applause] He never once tried to hurt that baby. That baby fell down there, the females ran over, he was like, Goddamn it, who baby is this? Oh, shit, there go the police. Hey, Officer, this is a phone. This a phone. [groaning and laughter] [scattered applause] Gotta be careful what you name your children. Giving a child the wrong name could be a disadvantage economically for the rest of their life. A recent survey of potential employers said the more ethnic or urban a name sounds, the less likely theyll consider employing them. They throw those applications right in the trash. Gotta know what a name means. My name is Darryl. That means beloved. My managers name is Gary. That means warrior. DaQuan means not hiring. People always go, What about Barack? He had a ethnic name, and he ascended to the presidency. Well, Barack had two things behind his name a lot of motherfuckers dont– like Harvard and graduate. [applause and whistling] You got that shit behind your name, it dont matter whats in front. If your name is DaQuan, and you went to DeVry… get ready to drop a lot of fries. You gonna be smelling like food your whole career. Those are fries. DaQuan must be home. My wife was on the step ladder a couple years ago trying to change some overhead lights. Fell off the step ladder. Trying to break her fall, shattered both her wrists. Have you any idea how hard it is to take a woman to the hospital with two broke wrists after this Ray Rice bullshit? Doctors never even act like they believed me. So she fell. She gonna try to be funny. He said he wont do it again. Now I got to go talk to these people cause you want to fuck around. See… You ever begged your woman for sex so much, they give up? Fuck it! Fuck it! Take it! Take it! But dont take my panties all the way off. Just… Just move them to the side. Aint that the laziest shit? You ever see this? Hurry up! Hurry up! No, it aint your birthday. That hole is for birthdays, anniversaries… and when I shot too much. You want them red bottoms. Now you gonna have one. ? Bloody shoes ? My wife got mad at me cause I got life insurance on me, and I didnt get any on her. You didnt get any life insurance on me. I said, Well, baby, you dont work. Thats not right. Whatll happen to you guys if something were to happen to me? We gonna be sad. We aint gonna have to move or no shit like that, I guess. Kids are gonna get a 32-year-old Puerto Rican stepmother. -That the fuck gonna happen. -[groaning and laughter] Oh, yes. Ive been with a black woman my whole life. Something happen to her, Im out, Im out, Im out. Ive done my time. Fuck yall. You happy for Serena? Be happy for me, goddamn it. My wife said, I love you so much, if something were to happen, I dont know if Id get married again. Would you get married? Not at the funeral, but eventually. Thatd be awkward. Turned 54, I had to get a colonoscopy for 45 minutes. Doctor said, Youll be unconscious for 45 minutes. Give your wife all your valuables. I gave her my watch, wallet, my ring. I gave her my cell phone, but I realized I would be unconscious for 45 minutes. I made them roll me back in and get my cell phone. I went to the operating room my phone on my chest like this. Wakanda forever! Nah, Sprint. You ever been a man, left your phone at home on the way to work? Man will turn around in the middle of the freeway. [screeching] -[knocks] -Come on, Stacey, open the door. I forgot my phone. Youre acting strange about this phone. I wanna see it. I want to see your phone. Let me pack my shit up first. [laughter and applause] You aint gonna burn all my good shirts up, thats all. Cell phones are ruining relationships. Years from now, on your deathbed with your whole family around, doctor walks in, Weve done all we can. We dont think hell make it through the night. Hes uttering his last words. Your wife, Is he telling you how much he loves us? Well, no. He said, Erase my call history. He doesnt want you calling his other family. Youll meet them at the funeral, like God intended. You got a side baby, you cant leave them pictures in there with your regular ones. You leave that side baby in the back with the receipts. Whose baby is this? Uh, that came with the wallet. A man will wake up from a coma rather than let you fuck with his phone. Hes in a coma. Hes non-responsive. Your wife, Grab his phone. Oh. Oh. [laughter] I believe there are signs of life. Now they got a generation of children called millennials. By all accounts, they are supposed to be the most educated generation that existed. I got three grown-ass millennials that live at home with me. I paid for all of them and my wife to graduate from college. I got a GED, but Im the only one working. Im like… One of these things is not like the other. You know how dumb you are when you pay somebody smarts bills? Well, we dont have any money. Hey, lets go ask the dummy. My oldest daughter went to USC, youngest daughter went to school online. You cant be proud of that shit. Daddy, we off for three weeks for the holidays. How the fuck you off on online school? What, you unplug your computer for three weeks? You coming to my graduation? Well, if the cables still on, I guess well go by. I just hope it aint on Sunday. Power come on on Sunday. I cant… I cant do nothing till I find out what Ghost gonna do. There are some advantages to having your child go to online school. If theres a school shooting, you really aint got shit to worry about. Daddy, they shooting the school. Well, log off. Ta-da. Im a hero again. I got to go. Your mama done made me a casserole. My only son is autistic. He has Aspergers, yet hes managed to graduate from college. Hes holding down two jobs. My son even drive. My son drive, but I dont ride with that motherfucker. I aint getting in the car with Rain Man. Fuck yall. Shit. Let that motherfucker take me to the airport one time. He chased a butterfly for six miles. How come I didnt get the one that was good at blackjack? Shit. You got a child thats afflicted, you got to lower your expectations. I saw yall with your little bumper stickers on your car. My son is a honor student. Well, my son tied his shoe. [laughter and applause] I love him, man. Got to be honest with him, though. He said, Dad, I know I have Asperger Syndrome, and I know its hard on you and Mom. If you could have any other son, would you? Yes. Yes. Yes. [laughter and applause] Now come on. Lets get some of this casserole your mama made for me. My son came to me in January 2015. Dad, I dont have any friends. Dont have a girlfriend. Im socially awkward. I want to kill myself. Son, I love you too much. I can never let that happen. Whatever we got to do, Im-a work it out with you, man. So I hired him on my radio show. We started riding together, work together. Father and son, bonding in ways we never got to when he was young. He started getting more confident, going on dates, now he got a girlfriend. Now my son is normal as fuck. I dont know what causes autism, but I know the cure is pussy, goddamn it. [loud laughter and applause] My son fucked his mind right. The bad part about him, he dont know how to lie at all. My wife said, Are you having sex in my house? He looked her dead in the eye and said, Every chance I get. Uh-huh. [inaudible] My son has a white girlfriend. My daughters, they have black dudes. So like a lot of America, Im-a have white grandkids and black grandkids, and I have decided to treat them differently, like the world does. White grandkids, yall get dressed up. Papall take you out to get ice cream. -Now you nigga s clean this house. -[loud laughter] Take that Black Lives Matter shirt off. Youre scaring Tatum. Dont worry, Tatum. Papall take you to get some citronella. My daughter said, What if I marry somebody from India? Well, your baby gonna be on tech support. Hey, Anish, go fix the Internet for your Papa. My grandbabys a Uber driver. Papa taking you to get some deodorant. This dont make no goddamn sense. [laughter] Occasionally, my son will hire hookers, man. He hires them and my wife dont like it, man, but you know… I seen what happens when dudes with Asperger Syndrome get sexually frustrated. A school get shot up, so… Id rather him hire a ho than me sleep with my door locked, so…. When my son have a bad day, everybody in the house is concerned. You all right? Me and your mama gonna sleep for a couple of days at the Holiday Inn. My wife gets so mad at me. I cant believe you let your child hire a whore. If he hires prostitutes, he will never know love. Im like, Love? Love is expensive. He bought a ho, but I had to buy you a house. Yall been great, Philadelphia. Thank you so much. Appreciate it. [cheering]

DANIEL SLOSS@DARK@2018@Thank you. Thank you. Its nice to be back in the States. Its been a year since Ive been here. Its changed a bit. I like what youve done with the place. I think its good that youre going through this change though, right? Because finally different jokes will be made about you. Im not going to be one of those foreign comics that comes over and stereotypes you. I think thats very unfair. There are 300 million Americans. You cannot stereotype 300 million cunts, right? It cant be done. I dont mind if you stereotype Scotland. Theres seven of us, its probably accurate. I drink, and Ill punch you in the face, on nothing. Sick of the stereotypes that you guys get. All Americans are stupid. All Americans are stupid. Not true. Absolutely not true. Ive met several of you, far more intelligent than I am. Thats not necessarily a compliment. But it doesnt negate the fact. Right? Same thing with all Americans are fat. All Americans are fat. Again, absolutely not true. Its just that when you are fat, its fucking impressive. Like… We get obese in the UK, Im like: Yeah, if thats your life, you live that. Proud. Over here, I see fat people, Im like… Wow! How did you do that? Like, that took effort. That took plotting. That didnt happen overnight. Like, there must have been days when you woke up not hungry. But you are like, Ill get through it. I gotta get me that scooter. Only losers walk around Disneyland. Its a big old country, too. Its fucking massive. So massive and I like the fact that its so big that youve color-coordinated it. Youve just given people certain parts of the country. We dont have that system in the UK. In the UK, we just let our idiots roam free. We have free range stupidity, but youre very efficient. You just gave them parts to live, just feel like: We hate the gays. Okay, this is where you live. Here you go. Here you go. You stay over there. Were not going to sell them cake. Okay. I still go to red states. Just cause I dont necessarily agree with you politically doesnt mean youre necessarily a bad person. I like to go out, talk to them, right? See if I can understand. Couple years ago I went to Indiana. Its a beautiful state. The people there are very kind. Except for one of them. One of my favorite jokes I have, me, personally, Ive always been an atheist and thats just because both my parents are educated and… I… I grew up in a very religious family. I have an uncle thats a minister. Hes 52. We called him a mini-ster. Religion was something that you were allowed to poke fun off when I grew up, and then I came to America, and Im like: Itll be the same here. [imitates alarm] I phoned an American agent and Im like, I can tell the atheist joke in Indiana, right? And she said, Under no circumstance tell that joke in Indiana, so I went to Indiana and I told the joke. Right? Because wet paint. That is wet paint. Thats why they put the sign there just to let you all know. Im used to having jokes I do not go down as well as I wanted them. Well, what I was not used to was the reaction. My first punchline of many in Indiana. Got to the first punchline. Forty out of a hundred people immediately left the room, right? Yeah. And not in the British way of like, Ooh, this isnt for us, we should quietly and respectfully leave. They left in the American way of like, Fuck you! And gone. And its important to note that the 60 people that remained werent all fans. Okay? Some of them were just very stubborn. Like, they hated me, but not as much as they loved saying damn. There was a real moral dilemma for them. Theyre like, This is awful. But I do love this. This is, this is excellent. No, Im not an intelligent person by any stretch. So I was like, Maybe Ill win them over with the harsher punchlines. Oh, God, Ill get them. No, not at all. Theres a man in the front row who was so upset by the joke, his only way of letting me know how angry he was, was to lift up his shirt, show me his gun and say, Youre lucky I dont shoot you. Now where I come from, we dont call that luck. We call that society. I run my mouth off every day, never been shot in the head, right? Ive never seen a gun in my life, in my life at this point. Hes just there, pointing at his dick. Ive always found that weird. All fucking gay. Is that why youre all circumcised? [imitates gunshot] Now what have I done? Im terrified. Ive never seen a gun before. And this is what I love about your country, right? So I think there is one stereotype that is true for most of you and its the friendliness, right? There is just that sense of friendliness and theres another American man, he was realistically as upset by this joke as this man, but he stood up for me and he did so in the most American way possible. Proper, big American, big beard. Looked like he ate pancakes and shat freedom. He stood up and went, Hey, you, hey, little boy. A bit condescending. Lil boy. Hey! I might not agree with what youre saying. Loved you in Home Alone. Thought that was spot-on. I may not agree with what youre saying, but this is America. This is the land of the free speech. So you keep telling your joke and you just ignore him. ‘Cause if he shoots you, Ill shoot him. Not before? Like, if youre taking requests… Before really works for me. Now I will tell you the joke. Obviously, I have not learned any lessons. It was a very simple premise for a joke, as are all my jokes. It was basically, you know, as a parent… Im not a parent, but I do like speaking on behalf of people. Because Im white, middle class and male. And thats what my people do. I imagine Christmas morning as a parent is very difficult, especially if youve young children. Its Christmas morning, seven a.m. They bashed out of the rooms, they run downstairs, theyre so happy. Theyre so filled with joy. Its Christmas day. Its the most magical day of the year. To them, magic literally happened overnight. They wished for shit, shits there. What the fuck? Thats insane! Im seven years old, but Im pretty sure that tree shits presents. But you as a parent, you know, the time, the money, the organization, the stress thats gone in to make this moment so special, but when you see that smile on their stupid fucking face. Makes it all worth it. Then they look up at you with those big blue eyes that you hope resemble yours. And who do they thank? Santa. Thank you, Santa, for these presents. Mommy and Daddy, isnt Santa amazing? As a parent, youre not willing to shatter your childs imagination. You must have to stand there and be like… Yeah! He worked really hard this year, didnt he, the fat fuck. You know that disappointment that parents feel in that moment. That is exactly how doctors feel whenever you thank God. Mr. Darcy, we are delighted to announce that your cancer has gone into remission. Oh, my God, this is wonderful news. I know its been a long, hard journey, but we got through in the end. We all couldnt couldnt be happier for you. Oh, thank the Lord. [whines] What? No, sorry, its just funny. I just couldnt see his name anywhere on this fucking chart. Um… I can see my name right at the top there. Dr. Michael, sat with you through two and a half weeks of chemotherapy. Youre welcome, by the way. Dr. Connors, her names there, she spent six hours cutting a tumor out, you fucking lump. Ive got the names of all the nurses and radiologists here, all their names. Cant seem to find the Lords name anywhere on it. Ill tell you what. Maybe in my haste to give you the good news, maybe I skimmed past it. Ill have another look. Oh, so weird! No God! Yes, but the Lord sent you. I dont think he did. He certainly didnt chip in for that medical degree. In fact, if I remember correctly you came to me, I diagnosed you and then I… specified the treatment, in fact… if I cast my memory even further back, hes the one that gave you cancer. Why? Maybe because youre an ungrateful cunt. Forty people gone. Now. I was not proud of that. Sorry, allow me to clarify. I was not proud of the reaction. Im obviously proud of the joke. Its fucking excellent. Im very talented. Not proud of the reaction, my job is not to offend people. Its not something I tried to do and its not something I take any pleasure in when it happens, but it will happen. Im a very opinionated person. Every opinion I have is not going to resonate with 100% of people that attend 100% of my audiences. Which is why I make sure that I craft and tell my jokes in such way that if you are offended by them, its because you are wrong. But nonetheless, just because we believe different things happen to us after we die doesnt mean we cant be kind to each other while we live. One of the first things my uncle ever taught me. So, after the show, I went out to see the people that left. Not to apologize. I had nothing to apologize for. I told a joke in a comedy club in the Land of the Free Speech. I was fucking golden. But I was trying to humanize myself for these people, make them understand that it was just a joke. Yes, it was a bit personal, but its just a joke. Big mistake. I walked out halfway through a man complaining about my set. What he said well stick with me till the day I die. These are his words. To a member of staff, not me. That boy is awful. That boy is disgusting. Hes exactly whats wrong with this world, okay? Dont get me wrong, I enjoyed the first two-thirds of his routine. I thought the first two-thirds were great. First two-thirds of the show, by the way, bunch of pedophile jokes. Isnt that weird? Isnt that weird? But then again, we all know how easily the Catholics can forgive pedophilia. Awful! Awful! But then he did that blasphemy. Thats blasphemy, and blasphemys never funny. You can make fun of the blacks. You can make fun of the queers. You can even make fun of the colored ones, but nobody makes fun of Jesus. I know. And he didnt appreciate one of them took the time out to explain to him that technically Jesus was… one of the colored ones, and that is not up for debate. We can argue about the existence of God all day long. Well never know whether there is a God in heaven until its too late for me. But if youre Christian, you believe that Jesus was born in Bethlehem. Thats in the Middle East. Had he been white, that would have been the fucking miracle. He would have been the only white guy for 400 miles, and it would have blown peoples minds. Look, hes turning water into wine. Hes a different color! Why is no one mentioning this? We live in the desert. The sun is always in the sky. Somebodys got the complexion of a fucking snowman. Whatever those are. Because the sad fact is… If Jesus was alive today, he would not get through American customs. You could be as uncomfortable as you want, its still a fact. Hed get to TSA and then things would get a little bit tense. One of the guards being like, Come on through, sir. Thats great. Just take your shoes off, put in that… Thank you very much. And you, maam, if you could just just take your belt off thatd be great. Thank you very much. And… oh. Um, if you just hold right there, sir. Two seconds. David. David. David. David! Yes, Beauty McSandals. Who else? Who else would I be fucking talking about? And then Jesus would get there, and theyd make him do this… and hed be like, Really, guys, were doing this again? Unbelievable. Unbelievable. Im the son of God. To any religious people in the audience and at home, I would sincerely hope that youre aware that Im just being a dick for the sake of being a dick. Theyre just jokes in the end and surely, my silly little comedy routine isnt enough to rock your lifelong faith. Surely youre stronger than that, but I get it, faith is a very personal thing, I dont get it. I dont have it. I get jealous sometimes. Thats all I say, if youre religious, anyway, dont leave here sad, upset. Leave here smug. Leave here arrogant, because if youre as truly faithful as you claim to be, look on the bright side, when you get to heaven, Im not going to fucking be there. Like, isnt that the ultimate revenge? Because lets be honest, how pissed off are you gonna be if you get to the Gates of Heaven, and Im just stood on the other side like, I know. He forgave me. Whats he like? Also to remember that Im not intelligent. I just sound it. Its the accent. Not a smart person. I sound like my parents. My parents are very intelligent people, so I know how to talk like them, but with none of the facts to back up. My parents are huge geniuses. My mother has a PhD in microbiology and biochemistry. Shes the only person trusted to be outsourced by the UN to travel around the world giving lectures on Mercury emissions and greenhouse gases, and about how we, as species, can help reduce our carbon footprint on this planet. All right? Yeah, very impressive. She flies to all of those gigs, which is a little bit hypocritical. She loves the polar bears, but not as much as she loves the air miles. My fathers computer programmer who currently has ten patents to his name. And hes the only person I know of that was banned from the British version of Robot Wars. Because he made a robot that was, and I quote, legally a weapon. Those are my parents. Just honestly, for two people… I think we can all agree who had no right to ever get laid. They met, fell in love, they got married they consummated that marriage and three months later, I was born. And… My moms had four kids and you can tell that she loves us all the same, but after the first two, she kind of stopped giving a shit. Lost the magic. She was always going on about how she was blessed with me, that she was gifted with my sister, then she had my brother. And shell always remember the day that she was diagnosed with the other one. We were all intentional, though. My mother has a very healthy outlook to contraception, which is good because her sister is anti-abortion, which is a cruel nickname, but shes had five. All right, lets discuss that one. No, lets discuss it. Some of you are clearly letting the subject matter of that joke get in the way of how expertly written it was. And thats not fair to comedy. When my mother was at diagnosed with my youngest brother… Dont laugh, its serious. She still has him. She went to one of those pregnancy classes. You know the pregnancy classes that women can go to practice overreacting. [cackles] I love it. I love watching everyone going just like, Ill fucking kill you. She went along with my dad and there was an opportunity where the dads could get up and try the gas and air. The nitrous oxide that women are given during labor. The reason they are given this opportunity is just in case, during the labor, the wife takes it, she gets a bit spacey, and the dad doesnt freak out. So my dad, much to my mothers surprise, he goes, Ill give it a go. My dads a massive nerd… Never done drugs. Barely fucking drinks. He says, Ill give it a go. He gets up, takes couple puffs, sits back down beside my mom. She said, how do you feel? He said, Nice. Its pretty good that. My mom leans over, punched him in the dick and went, Still hurts, doesnt it? Theyre good people. Very liberal as well, my parents. Its not good to having liberal parents growing up, its really not. Especially in your teenage years, because you cant rebel. They love you no matter what. Its real fucking annoying. Gone through my teenage years. Im ready to stick it to man and my moms like, Stick it to the person. Its very annoying. I remember being like 15, but I just got all the stupid boy testosterone… Im fucking hate everything. Just want to rebel. Go to my mom and be like, Mom, Dad, Im gonna start drinking. And my Moms just there like… Yeah. Youre 15. This is Scotland. What are you… We were just wondering what was taking so long, you fucking pussy. Youve watched me drink your whole life. You think Im going to be hypocritical and say you cant drink? Of course you can drink, all we would say is when you start drinking do it upstairs with your friends, just so we can keep an eye on you because thats part of being adult, its learning how to drink responsibly. But of course, go ahead. What? Good. Thats exactly how I wanted this conversation to go, but Im not done cause Ive got more things and Ill tell you what, missy. You could be none too pleased. Im going… Oh, I know. Screw science. Im gonna be a comedian. Thats amazing. Thats a chance to combine that creativity and that passion we know you have and turn it into something you love, and thats all weve ever wanted for you is to do something that you love. How about the first three years of your career we even let you live with us rent free and well drive you to all of your gigs? What the fuck is happening? How am I ever going to be an artist if you keep supporting me? All these other comedians, their parents are dead or drunks or abusive. You guys have never tried to touch me. Touch me! Fine, Leslie, you want the big guns? I didnt want to bring them out so soon, but here they are. You listening? Listening, bitch? Sorry, I didnt mean to call you bitch. You listening? Im gonna start having sex. My moms just there like… [laughing] Okay. You let us know how that goes. [laughs] Martin, have you heard this shit? I know, with who? [laughing] You should be a comedian. Thats fucking excellent. Thats real… That is whoa! You know, I was reading his diary the other day. Yeah, under the pillow, good hiding place. Do you know that he calls his penis the Sloss Ness monster? Yeah, because no ones ever seen it. Am I right? I know Im right. You should be more intelligent than this. With their intelligence, their upbringing, I should have been the guy that cured cancer. Im not. Im the 27-year-old who last year put mouthwash on his penis. Yeah. Just gonna let that sink in. Much like I did at the time. Just so you understand what level of stupidity Im currently functioning at. Ill give you the story, right? I was at the nightclub, I didnt do it there. Im not a total weirdo. Hey… Freshen your breath, milady. None of that. None of that. And Im in this nightclub and in this particular night club is a woman whos willing to fuck me. And women willing to fuck me are very rare creatures. A lot like unicorns. You have to approach very slowly and very quietly. Have a net. We get chatting, we get flirting, we get drinking and about two hours later, shes like, so… What do I… What do I have to say to get you into bed? And I was like… That. Fucking nailed it. What are you? Did you practice in front of a mirror? That was immaculate. We go back to my place. Were about to get down to the… I always find it weird talking about sex on stage and not because Im not crushing it, but… just because Im very aware that this is my face. Its not a good face for sex stories. Its too young. Look at this baby face. Twenty-seven. Not a fucking hair. I cant grow facial hair. God knows Ive tried it. Theres nothing. Nothing. Apparently when I hit puberty, all the hair in my body had a little bit of a tactical meeting to work at how best to cover me. And the first guy who done it before was… I reckon, we start in the crotch. Start there. Just above his bits and then move on to his legs… Maybe on his chest, maybe we give him a little bit of a snail trail. Maybe go on to his chest, make him a little Wolverine. Maybe his back. Were definitely get under his armpits. He needs hair there for some reason were still not aware of. Then we get to his chin and under his nose. How does that sound? Then the second guy, and this was his first day, was like… All right. All right. Just his ass. And the first guy was like, Im listening. Just all of it, just… Are we gonna move out later on in his life? Ha! No, no, no, no, no. Lets make it look like Chewbaccas family portrait back there. I want it to get to the stage that if hes ever on a plane and he fidgets, he saws his own asshole shut. Is that something you reckon we can do as a unit? Ladies. I realized it because Ive been in a nightclub for a couple of hours, cause it was a hot, sweaty, underground nightclub. And obviously I had been fucking throwing shapes. If youre not laughing, its cause youre turned on. And doing that, in order to seduce her, I realize that I was no longer… You know, pristine in the Sloss Ness, so… I decided to excuse myself to go to the bathroom to do the gentlemens wash that we all sometimes do just before sex, just in the sink, just to make it all fresh and make sure its all… hmm? Right. Fuck you to every guy that just bailed on me. You absolute full of shit liars. Every last man, sitting beside your wives, Ive got no idea what hes talking about. I know youve done it. I know every single man in this room has washed his dick in a sink. That is a fact. Lie to your partners, do not lie to me. I know you. I know you. Youve all got the same brain as I do, right? One day, you walked into the bathroom and you saw the sink. You were like, Why is it that height? Thats why its that height! If it was only for your hands, it would be up here, so you could see the dirt. But its not, is it? Its in no-mans land. Choose Your Own Adventure. So, Im in there. And Im sprucing the place up. Im getting it guest ready. And I was drunk. I was very, very drunk. And my drunk brain saw the mouthwash… And went… Oh! That tastes way better than soap. And he had a point. And the smart part of my brain wasnt there to tell me I was being a fuckhead, right? The smart part of my brain was also drunk and sat in that meeting. He was just sitting there. That is a fucking excellent idea. Oh, man, chivalry is not dead. This is awesome. So having consulted both of my brain cells, we decided to go ahead with the endeavor. I thought the best way to do it was, I cant just free pour it… Im not made of money. I thought the best way economically was to be like aftershave. Like, yeah, you know, just like… [moans] Never know. If your girlfriend laughed to that joke, youre a lucky man. Youre a lucky man! You buy her a car tomorrow. So Im in there. Ive done it… Now… Theres only two things that Ive not really thought through. Only two, youd be be surprised to hear. The first one was the sensation. It was like burning and cold. Like, at the same time. I dont know if youve ever fucked a microwave during a blizzard, but… its unusual. The other thing that I had not thought through, my tiny little man brain had not thought through, was that she was… You know, she was gonna notice. Because thats not what penises taste like. She wasnt going to go down there and be like… Oh, yeah, I know. Im in one. Of course. Yeah. I love when this happens. Yeah! Num-num-num-num-num! Of course, in high school, were taught that one in ten men have a minty dick. I always thought that was just an expression. But here he is… Lord of the mint cock, I just… She didnt say anything, though. Bless her cotton socks. Didnt… She didnt say anything, but that was one point during, uh… During the… [stammering] You know, during… Guys, the or… You know, the… The blowjizzle, where… Shes, like, 30 seconds in, she kinda just went… Its better than the alternative. Penis-flavored penis. And I can see some of you want a bigger punchline there. Theres not one. And thats because its a true story. Its a painfully true story. Some comedians will tell you these amazing true stories, and at the end of these true stories is a perfect punchline. Its a mixture of a callback and a pun. Perfectly ties the whole joke together. Do you know how they come up with those punchlines? They fucking lied! And I would never do that to you. I think comedy comes from truth. I dont like to embellish my jokes. I dont like to lie about my jokes. Its honest, too. I could be one of those comedians. I could be, dont act like I couldnt. I have the potential. I just chose not to because Im a real artist, okay? I could, but I wont. I could… I could stand on this stage right now and say… And thats why the ladies call me Dental Sloss, but Im better than that. Im better than that. And I will not lower myself for a cheap joke. I think… Im not a parent. So therefore all my opinions on parenthood are null and void. That being said, still got some. I dont think your job as a parent is to shelter your child from the world and then stop them seeing it… You cant stop someone living their life in a certain way because you dont agree with that. Your job isnt to stop that person, its to explain to your child why youre against that, and if they dont believe you, tough shit, but you cant stop people living their lives. One of the ones I hate most, this is a level of controversy. It happens every single fucking year in the UK, at least. You get X Factor over here, like the singing shite? I dont watch the show, but fortunately, I know whats going on because everyone on Facebook watches it, and all the parents have the same controversy every year. And it goes… Basically theyll have like a… A female guest singer on like Lady Gaga, Rihanna, Beyoncé. And she goes to sing and dance. Its wonderful! So Im told. And the next day, theres a certain group of parents that reacts like this. Oh, my God! Did you see the X Factor? No. Well, did you see Beyoncé? No. Well, did you see what she was wearing? Yeah, no, I googled that. Yeah. [laughs] She was a scantily clad. It was disgusting! Fucking wasnt. But why do you care what she was wearing? She was there to sing and dance and as far as my way, she did that to the best of her abilities. Why does it matter what costume shes wearing? Well, shes a role model. Shes a role model. Im inclined to agreed with you, dont know too much about Miss Knowles, but from what Im told shes a singer-songwriter, entrepreneur. She was in a very successful band, Destinys Child, then she went solo and went fucking astronomical. She married Jay-Z, and shes much more talented and famous than him, right? She sings a lot of songs, and shes very famous. She uses that fame and the money to not only give to charity but to become ambassadors for said charities. To help raise awareness of all of them together. And she also sings very empowering songs for women and young girls, letting them know that its okay to be confident in your body image. In my book, thats a pretty good role model. The things that youve said… But the children… What about the children? The children are gonna see her dressed in her sexy clothes, and then theyre gonna wanna wear the sexy clothes. Dont buy them the clothes then. Your nine-year-old doesnt have a job. The only nine-year-olds I know with jobs are the ones making the clothes. Go make a fucking difference, then. Lets live in your hypothetical world. Lets say children are wearing sexy clothes. Theyre not. Youre a moron, but lets say they are wearing the sexy clothes. Why do you give a shit? They are children, they express themselves in weird and unusual ways. Thats what makes them pure. Let them wear it. Who gives a shit? Why do you care? Well, well, well… Pedophiles. Where? Well, people are gonna see the children in the sexy clothes. And then youll be tempted to be pedophiles. No. Right. The reason I dont fuck kids… No, I agree. I should never have to explain this, but clearly I do, for some reason. So allow me to make it crystal clear. The reason I do not fuck children is because its wrong, disgusting, immoral, and I dont want to. Its not their fashion choice. Thats so far down the list of reasons why I dont fuck kids. You can dress a child however you want, Im not gonna suddenly change my mind and be like, ‘Wow! Dora has explored her sexuality. Get in there, you sexy fuck. No matter how you dress a child, Im always going to be able to tell its a child. You know how? ‘Cause its a fucking kid! For the same reason on Halloween, when a child turns up to my door dressed as Batman, I dont go, Holy fuck! Its Batman. And then kill both of his parents. Just because you can make something look kind of similar to something else does not mean its the same thing, and I will always be able to tell the difference, right? Its like vegan food. But it looks like chicken, but it taste like buttholes. And not in a good way. Im obviously not comparing pedophiles to vegans there. That was not the point of that routine. Because vegans are worse. Of course, they are. Look, at least pedophiles dont brag about being pedophiles. And I could take a pedophile to way more restaurants. Ill have to keep an eye on them. I didnt want to call the show Dark. I dont consider my sense of humor to be that dark. Im aware that it is. Ive had enough complaints in my life. But its just that this is… Its what makes me laugh. And I know I got that from my parents. Maybe its the fact that you dont grow up in a relatively normal, but still slightly unusual household. I have three younger siblings, two younger brothers and my sister Josie. Shes not this height. Shes in a wheelchair. You can be uncomfortable as you want, doesnt change the fact that its a fact. Josie has cerebral palsy. Im gonna assume the most of us know what cerebral palsy is. For those who may not know, its a disability that comes in a very wide spectrum of severity. You get some people with cerebral palsy who still lead very normal lives. They can walk and talk, so theyre happy. Josie is a bit more on the other side of the spectrum. Shes two years younger than me. She cant walk. She cant talk. Shes still a very happy, joyous young woman. Shes arguably the happiest person I know. Shes got a laugh thatll light up a room and a fart that will clear a church And people sometimes get uncomfortable when you talk about disability. And I know why that is, its because youve not experienced it every day. Its a bit unusual. I cannot stand the fact that I have to tailor the way I talk. People say to you, disability is never funny, never funny. What the fuck are you talking about? Disability can be hysterical. You just have to make sure that youre on the right side of the laughter. If youre laughing at the disabled person, congratulations, youre a pile of shit. But if youre laughing with them, what a joy. But to say disability is never funny, to me, that is dehumanizing. You are saying that these people are not capable of doing something which you are capable of doing and thats laughing at the situation youre in. Of course, theyre able to do that, theyre human beings. The reason you say disability is never funny, because it makes you uncomfortable and you dont know how to deal with that. Instead of dealing with it rationally, youve nominated yourself to be offended on behalf of people who you think are weaker than you, so you decided to stand up for them. And nobody asked you to do that. My sisters disability has made me laugh so fucking hard sometimes. And were never laughing at her. Sometimes we are laughing at her. But she just sees us laughing, and she joins in. People tell me the language that you cant use. I say shes got special needs. That was what I was taught to say when she was born. Special needs. You cannot say shes got special needs. Ive met her. And I can assure you. Shes got special needs. Dictionary definition, special needs. Shes got needs that are very special, very unique to Josie. Those needs include needing to watch Pingu for nine hours of the fucking day. You dont get that show over here, and youre so lucky. Its a shitty claymation penguin, and hes a fucking asshole. All he does is go… [squawks] And then fuck every ones day up. Hes the worst. But she loves the show, so I have to watch with her all the time. One of her other special needs is when including Josie in conversation and you want to get her to laugh, which I recommend you do, its one of the best laughs. Just do the penguin voice to her. She loses her mind. And to everyone else, well, to me and her is very fun, but to everyone else, makes the condition look like its hereditary or contagious. When I was nine years old, Josie was seven, and we were driving up to the north of Scotland. Obviously we werent, my parents were. Cant change her own nappy, but she can change gear like a motherfucker. We were going to north of Scotland, and we were involved in a car accident, the front tire of my moms car burst at 70 MPH, and we went straight into a ditch and flipped three times. My mom and dad turn around immediately to make sure me and Josie are okay. Now, at this point, Josie had never been in a car crash before, so she wasnt really sure how to react. When Josie doesnt know how to react to something, what she does is she runs through her Rolodex of memories, finds a similar incident that shes experienced to this one and engages her reaction off of the previous incident. Nine times out of ten that works a treat. Except for this one. Because the closest Josie has been to a car crash before is a roller-coaster. And bitch loves roller-coasters. So the cars just flipped three times, my mom and dad turn right immediately to make sure me and Josie were okay and Josie is just there like… [cheering] Greatest day of her life so far. Best roller-coaster shes ever been on. Like… Three flips, no queue. Are you fucking kidding me? Thats insane! Thats unheard of. Even with Fast Pass. Shes ready to go again. She knows where the cameras are. Shes going to be like… Shes loving it. Meanwhile me, fully aware of whats going on, crying my eyes out. Because Ive just been woken up and this isnt grams house. So my dad gets out of the car. He picks me up. My mom gets out the car. She cant get Josies wheelchair out of the back. So just gonna have to scoop Josie up like the pile of wet towels that she is. Who are you being offended on behalf of? Its not you. Its not me, youre being offended on behalf of my sister. My sister. She didnt ask you to do that. I didnt ask you to do that. When you get offended or react like that to the way I talk about my sister, subconsciously its your way of letting me know that you think the way I talk about my sister comes from a malicious or angry or hateful place. You have no right to tell me how I feel about my sister. Im very aware that I love her. So Ill describe her in anyway anyway I fucking please, get off your high horse. Nobody asked you to be Batman. So my mom scoops up Raggedy Ann. And… We walk out to the side of the door to get some help. Fortunately, a lovely man had been in a car behind us. He saw this whole car crash taken place. He starts printing down the road towards us, to make sure were all okay. Beautiful gesture, but… imagine that from his perspective. Hes just seen a car fly off the road at 70 MPH into a ditch, when he comes to check on the passengers, he sees my father holding me, whos crying, while my mother… cradles my sisters limp body and he just goes… No! And my parents died laughing, right? And I mean, losing their shit. My mother was laughing so hard, she had to put my disabled sister down at the side of the road. Like the most heartless mother thats ever existed as she tries to explain to this poor man like, No! Shes always been like this. No, this was also the before photo. Shes arguing with the best person to be the car crash with. She cant get more disabled. Who? Who? Shut the fuck up. Couple weeks after that car crash took place, it was a Sunday, the Lords day. And I remember it vividly cause I was very excited for school for the first time ever on a Monday, cause we were gonna go on a class trip to Edinburgh museum, a new museum. And I was very excited because I was a horrible child, and I was ready to fuck this museum up. I was going to steal some shit. I was going to kick a dinosaur in the shin. It was going to be the best day of my whole goddamn life. I go to bed early. I want a full days energy, full nice rest. I had about two hours into my sleep, my dad comes into my room, not to molest me. He went, Hey, buddy, just to let you know that Josies just been rushed to hospital. So me and your mom need to go and make sure shes not fucking around. So grab your school bag, go stay with the neighbors and dont be a dick. Ill see you tomorrow. And the reason my dad is being very casual about this is part of Josie condition means that shes in the hospital quite regularly. She get seizures, she gets fits, she gets epileptic fits. Ill be honest with you, sometimes bit of an attention-seeking cow. She knew I was excited by the museum. She knew I needed my rest. Did she respect that? Did she? Fuck. Shes has to be all diva about it. So shes off making it about her. I go over the road to my neighbors. My neighbors are used to this. This happens once a month. I knock on the door and they re like, Is she? And Im like, Yes, she is. And I go up and stay in the spare room. Next morning I come downstairs fully dressed, very excited for school. My neighbor sat at the bottom of the stairs and shes crying. Which catches me immediately off guard because Im nine years old. The only grown woman Ive ever seen crying before is my mother and this didnt have anything to do with alcohol so… But Im nine years old. Ive not fully developed empathy yet. So Im just like, Can you make me toast? I need toast, cause Im gonna go… And she sees me and shes like, Daniel, you should go home. Im like, But toast… And she went, Go home! And Im like, Wow, you dont have a toaster. So I go across the road. Moms always good for toast. She works from home. My mom works for the UN, but her office is at home. So Im used to seeing her there. What Im not used to seeing is what Im suddenly confronted with when I walk into my living room. My moms there, my dads there, home from work. Ive got aunts and uncles from all across Scotland. My grandparents down from the North, my other grandparents in from the West. No Josie. And that was the moment that my mother told me that my sister died. Now… Obviously a very big part of my life. If Im being honest with you, I dont really remember too much of the day. According to my parents, I collapse on the floor, and I cried for about five minutes and then after five minutes, I picked myself back up, put my school bag on and I was like, Fucking museums gonna be weird. I tried to go to school, and my parents had to be like, Fucking no, dickhead. Were not going to go to school today. Were going to stay home and cry for more than five minutes, you sociopath. Does that sound funny, does it, Hitler? Yeah, it does. And I kept trying to leave the room and not because I want to go to school necessarily, but just because I didnt want to be in that room anymore because in that moment, I no longer recognized my family and not just because of the gaping hole that my sister left, but just… I have a very funny family. A viciously funny family. Ive been called a cunt since I was five years old, right? Thats just how my family works. If you love someone, you insult them over and over and over and over and over again until they hate themselves, and then they need you to love them more. Family. Right? And in this moment, none of them were being funny. My mother, one of the funniest people in the world, nothing, just a straw. My dads so dry, always so sarcastic, nothing. I couldnt stand it. Couldnt stand that. I was young and naive, I decided to try and assume the position. I tried telling jokes. Start doing impressions… Didnt really work. Tough crowd. This is the moment my mother very… She looks back fondly upon it. Being like, and thats the moment I knew that you were going to be a comedian, which is lovely, but horseshit. My dad gets much closer to the truth when he says thats the moment I knew you were going to be a comedian because even though your sister was dead, you still wanted to be the center of attention. Theres still a bit of tension in this room. Ill only bask in it for a few more seconds. This is my favorite part of the whole show. Just a whole audiences butthole sealing. Everyones assholes just going… [grunts] Thats the moment when my mother told me that my sister died. Aww. What… what do we do? Do we laugh? Dont you fucking dare laugh. Dont you fucking dare laugh. I dont know what to do. Do I look up? Dont look at me, I might cry. Okay, Ill look down. Dont look down, thats where she is. Aww, fuck. Aww! Oh, God. Should I look up? Dont look up. He doesnt think shes there, either. Can we leave? I cant. Ive physically swallowed the chair. If I stand up, its all… Honestly, that guy from Indiana was right. The first two-thirds were great and then it really just drops off towards the end there. Dont feel bad about your reactions. Its entirely justified. I manufactured and told that joke in such a way that you literally just found out that my sister died in that moment. Im going to be honest with you. Ive known for fucking ages. Im 27. She died when I was nine years old. Thats 18 maths, years. Ive grieved, Ive laughed, Ive done everything. I like telling that story in that way because its a bit of a sadistic nostalgia if Im honest with you. I drop in that moment, youre like… [gasps] And Im like, I remember that. Its all because thats better than the other reactions. I hate the… I know it comes from a good place, but the sorrys are just the fucking worst. My sister died. Oh, my God. Im so sorry. Im British. If you apologize to me, Ill apologize back. It is a reflex. I am sorry. I know it comes from a good place. But its not good. If youve lost anyone in the past couple years, youll understand what I mean when you get bored of the sorrys. In the future, when you lose someone, which you all will… Spoiler alert. Everyone you love will die one day, and theres nothing you can do to prevent except for maybe die first. Stop yourself the pain and give them. Fun, fun, fun. But when you inevitably get rid… Get bored… Sorry, of the… Of the sorrys. Heres the best way to get rid of it, right? You go, Sorry Ive not been in touch. My dad died a couple of weeks ago. Oh, my God, I am so sorry. Why? Did you do? Mom, we found the guy! Theyll never fucking say it again. Thats a big thing I remember about my sisters death apart from the obvious, you know, dead thing. I hated how much everyone else treated me differently, right? Something had changed and I needed everything else to stay the same so I could process the difference, but that doesnt happen when someone dies, people start wrapping you in bubble wrap. They start being very sensitive or changing how they treat you. They treat you… I went back to school after two weeks. I was picked first in sports. I was like, What the fuck just happened? Thats never… People wouldnt say… People say sister around me and they go… [gasps] As if I was going to be like… [groans] I couldnt stand it. I hated it so much. And in that moment, I made a vow to myself, that if I ever knew someone who lost someone close to them that I would not change, I would remain a constant in their life, and what that means is just being a dick the whole time. Its very important. I call it being a wanker-anchor. Theres so much anger in death, just be the punching bag. Let them take out on you and it works a treat. A couple of years ago, my best friend Jean, her dad died. Obviously, very, very sad. But Jean and I have one of those relationships where what makes us laugh the hardest is saying the most awful things at the most inappropriate moments, normally while making this face. Just because her dad was dead, didnt mean she was off the hook. So… Youve really got to time a dead dad joke. Youve only got one good shot at it. You really gotta nail it first time. Otherwise, it just gets a bit bullying. I nailed it, I really did. Next day after dad died, she went downstairs and shes making phone calls, funeral arrangements with her mother, and me and my other best friend Kai, we were upstairs being very supportive and getting high. Its the only thing to do, and after about 45 minutes, Jean comes upstairs with red eyes. Weve also got red eyes for different reasons. And she sees us laughing. Just giggling. We were losing our shit. I cant remember why we were laughing. We were either laughing at a squirrel or the word squirrel. I dont know if youve ever seen the word squirrel written down, but its a very funny word because theres an S and theres a Q, and then theres a U and then two Rs. And those are all really near each other in the alphabet. So its like a family reunion of a word. We were high. Were sitting there giggling, and Jean comes upstairs and goes, Oh! Well, Im clearly missing something. None of you are better than me, you all thought the same fucking joke. Sitting there, being there like… I just had the courage to do it. Im a comedian. You think Im missing that open goal of a joke? She went, Im clearly missing something. Yeah, a father. Fucking nailed it! We can walk these paces. This is easy. This is so easy. And she laughed. She did. Very much the laugh you all did. Ha-ha… oh, no. But she needed to see that I was still there. The Daniel that shes grown up with. Not this weird saint that shes never met in her life. And I was sympathetic the whole day before, the whole day after. You just gotta make those jokes every now and again. I was a good friend later on. Kai had gone to London to do some gigs. Its just me and Jean, and we decided what was the best way to deal with it was to get about three bottles of wine, order a bunch of pizza, get shitfaced and just cry and complain about how unfair death truly is. So I ordered the pizza, I decided to pay for it because… Guys, her dads dead. Its what he would have wanted. Half an hour later, pizza comes to the door, I take the pizza. I pass it to Jean, take a bottle of Coke and pass it to Jean. I take the tub of ice cream, and I pass it to Jean. I turn right and pay the guy, tip the guy, cause Im a fucking legend. And then I turn back around, Jean is suddenly furious. Anger in her face. Shes like, Youre an asshole. Now… I am. Youre never going to hear me debate that at all. But at this point, I was unaware of how she had arrived at that conclusion. Like, she hadnt shown her working. I thought, what have I done? Its not what I said earlier, we laughed about that. I dont know what it is. Im trying to work out what Ive said or done. And before I can answer, she holds up the bottle of Coke and it says, Share a Coke… with Dad. Which is fucking hysterical. Are you kidding me? Of all the days, all the different names and all the different bottles. This bottle, this day. For a solid second, I believed in God. For a full second. I was like… [cackles] You sneaky bastard! Im crying with laughter. Im on the floor, Im dying harder than her dead dad. I am in… Because thats such an awful coincidence. Theres nothing you can do apart from laugh at how horrible that coincidence is. Jean is still not laughing. Im confused because this is exactly what we laugh at. So Im replaying, what have I done wrong? Why is this… Then I realize she didnt say, Oh, my God, look at this horrible coincidence. She said, You are an asshole. That is an accusation. She thinks I set that up. Thats how much of a piece of shit she thinks I am? That I scheduled… Heres what Jean thinks happened. Yeah, Dominos? Yeah, Id just like to order some pizza. My friends dad just died. So, you know, pizza. Is there like a discount code you offer? # dead dad. 50% off. That makes sense. Can I get an extra large Hawaiian with no pineapple? All right. A bottle of Coke and some ice cream. Yep, yep. Anything else? Do you have anything with Dad written on it? Yeah, her dad just died, so I really want to fucking ram it home for no apparent reason. Yeah. A bottle of Coke, thats great. Shes not that observant, though. Any chance you could spell out with ham on top of the pizza? Yeah, Ive got a better idea. If I email you a picture of his face… Can you make it in cheese on top of the pizza? Yeah! So dont burn it, hes being cremated tomorrow. Thatd be in poor taste. Laughter is not the opposite of sadness. Happiness is the opposite of sadness, all right? Laughter is a reaction. Its free to exist in both. If your way of dealing with sadness is to grieve and to cry and do whatnot, congratulations. Im glad that works for you. Doesnt work for me. When I cry when Im sad, I just feel shit, makes me spiral, I dont feel any better. Laughter is what brings me happy. It makes me much, much happier. Often the hardest times you laugh is when you pulled from the other side of sadness, and Ill leave you this final example. Couple of years after Josie died, I was 13 years old and on the anniversary of my sisters death every year obviously becomes a very sad time in our house, just as we all remember this life that was taken away far too young. I go upstairs to check on my mom, to see how shes doing. You know, shes doing how youd expect. Shes in her room surrounded by flowers and cards, and shes just crying. Just crying as hard as a mother whos lost a child can cry. I dont know what to do. Im 13. I dont have the emotional maturity to deal with that. I dont have the emotional maturity now to deal with that. Ive got no idea what to do. So I do the British thing. Im like, Ill make her a cup of tea. Ill just make a cup of tea, and Ill hug her, that might make her feel better. Just as I was leaving the room, I turn to check on her again, and I realize at that moment that my mother is crying, but with laughter. Shes really… Tears streaming down her face and Im just like, Fuck, shes gone insane. Oh, God. Im gonna have to put her in a home. Im 13, I cant afford a home. Getting her put down is going to be cheaper. And if Im going to get her put down, Im not going to let some strange doctor do it. Ill do it. She brought me into the world. Ill take her out of it. Thats the deal that we made that shes not aware of. And if Im going to kill my mom, Im not going to smother her. Shes got good upper body strength. I feel the best way to do it is like an old farm dog. When theyre just on their last legs, take her out to a nice, long walk take her down the beach to her favorite spot. Take her home, big glass of wine, steak dinner. Whats all this about? Nothing! Take her outside. Just let her watch the sunset just when its going over, the most beautiful day of her life. Just… [sobs] Go out and find a new mom that looks slightly similar before my dad gets home. I cannot work out why my mother is laughing so hard. Whats so funny? Shes laughing too hard. Im like, Whats so funny? She just thrust this bouquet of flowers into my hands, and Im like… Flowers. To my darling Jennifer. I love you with all of my heart. These past four years have been the best of my life. Heres to the rest of our lives together. Yours forever, Michael. I dont think these are for us. Just between our laughs, my mom finally manages to say, No. But can you imagine what was written on the card that Jennifer got? Ladies and gentlemen, youve been a pleasure. – Im Daniel Sloss. Thank you very much. [cheering]

DANIEL SLOSS@JIGSAW@2018@ Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome to the stage Mr. Daniel Sloss! [applauding and cheering] Im just going to start up this show not with a joke, but with a question, that Id like you to answer honestly, please, by raising of your hands, who here thinks they are a good person? That is terrifyingly low. That is low. Germany put up more arms than you did. Just so youre aware of your current standing. I was in Berlin, and they were like, We didnt do it. I wasnt there. I dont give a shit. Im not sure if Im a good person. Id like to be, but being a cunt is fun. Like, you ever met those fucking weirdos that are like, Is there any better feeling than just doing a random act of kindness for a stranger and knowing that youve made their whole day? Yeah, giving them the wrong directions. What are you… A lot of people think Im a good person. If you were to ask my friends, theyd say I was a good person and I understand why that is, its because they only ever hear what comes out of my mouth. They never hear whats going on in my head, and those are two hugely different things, by the way. From my mouth, Im an incredibly polite human being, because I know thats the way you have to be. But sometimes, when Im alone in my head, sometimes… Hitler. Obviously not the same things Hitler hated. Just the same, you know… Passion that he had. Say what you like about Hitler. Passionate man. About the wrong things. Yes, we can all agree, the wrong things, but passionate nonetheless, like a true artist. Some of the thoughts I have genuinely disturb me. Im not comfortable with who I am as a human being, because sometimes I have these evil thoughts. I never acted them! For me, I would argue thats conscious goodness. I go against my natural instinct to be good. I would therefore argue if you are a naturally good person, I am a better person than you are, because for you to be good, you dont have to go through a struggle. Thats just your default setting. Ive got voices to compete with. I dont trust people with not having an evil voice in their head. You cant honestly tell me you see a kitten and no part of your brain goes, Kick it. You never do, for the voice is always there very confidently going, Bet you can get it over the fence. Like if I ever need to cheer myself up, like if Im ever sad or on a bus, those things are very related. I just need to make myself smile. I know what this says about me, but all I have to do to cheer myself up is just to picture any child under the age of ten with an ice cream and just imagine just fucking tripping him up. I know, its awful. Ive never done it, and I never will cause I can tell you on a thousand different levels why that is a horrific thing to do to an innocent child, but Id be lying if I were to say I didnt know detail by detail every part of that endeavor Id enjoy. Like, its his birthday. Hes got a big badge on. It says nine. Hes a got a balloon, a big stupid grin on his face, cause the world hasnt fucked him yet. ‘Cause its his birthday, his parents were like, Go nuts! He did, the ice cream stacked up precariously high. Theres sauce. Theres sprinkles. Theres two flakes in there cause hes a greedy little cunt. Hes just so excited, but the thing is hes also a very good older brother, and recently his little sister had to come home from school because she wasnt feeling well, and his first thought, when he sees all of this extra ice cream on his birthday, isnt to have it all to himself, its to run home and share it with his baby sister. ‘Cause he loves her. And while hes running home, I just go, Nah, come on! [cackles] And because hes young and stupid, he doesnt know whether to prioritize the ice cream, the balloon or his face. And he fucks all three up in a spectacular fashion? Like, as a rational adult, you go drop the balloon. We can buy you a new one, use that one to break the fall, save the ice cream. Hes not dropping that balloon. He loves that balloon. He doesnt know, thats fucking magic to them. Hes an idiot. Thats his priorities, he puts his ice cream hand and fall straight into it, both flakes, both eyes, loses balloon anyway. Oh-ho-ho-ho-ho! [moans] Does it not just warm your cockles? All right, clearly some of you agree. Clearly the rest of you have children that you love. Lets see if we can take it a little bit darker. Lets see if anyone can relate to this horrific thought. This thought normally occurs whenever youre in a relationship, one in the past for you, hopefully. You know, one of those relationships where you kind of just fall out of love with the person. You dont hate them. You dont not like them. You just dont love them anymore. Thats a really weird situation to be in, because its all on you. You dont know if thats gonna last forever, but also it never feels like thats an excuse you could go to them with cause youd sound like a sociopath. We need to break up! Why? ‘Cause Im fucking dead inside. But I thought you loved me. So did I! Turns out I dont! What about, like, three weeks ago? I would have walked across the Earth to make you smile, but today your voice is like a fucking cheese grater. So… Bye! Its because theyve done nothing wrong and you dont want to break their heart. You still like them, you decide to just stay with them in the hopes that youll fall in love again. Spoiler alert! You wont, its dead. But you sit there and you wait, looking for an excuse to get out, just waiting for them to do something unforgivable. So you can actually break up with them with a real excuse and leave with your head held high, but because unlike you, theyre not a piece of shit, they wont do that. So you have to start lowering your standards for what unforgivable is. One week in and youre like, If they cheat on me, this is perfect. I can leave with my head held high, and I will not look like a dick. Nine weeks later, theyre faithful, and youre like, Man, if they buy orange juice with pulp in it, that is… I cant live like that. All Im asking is, if youve never been in a situation like that, in a relationship where you felt trapped, like, you couldnt get out of it and it was just easier to stay in it. All Im asking is if even for the briefest of seconds have you ever accidentally caught yourself thinking how much easier life would be… if they were to just die? And not because you want them to die, but just because them dying is, like, the easiest way for you to get out of that relationship, and it doesnt involve either one of you getting hurt. Emotionally. Ive had that thought. Im not proud of it. Im not bragging about it, but Im also not denying that it crossed my mind. Having evil thoughts doesnt make you evil, acting on them does. I dont trust people that deny adamantly, like, No! No, Ive never thought that. Of course Ive never thought that. Really? Youve been in love forever? Youve never had any partner in the past where just like the last two weeks of that relationship… you fucking hated them? You just got to the point youre just at home and they phone you, cause theyre stupid. And you dont want to answer the phone cause that would involve talking to them, so youre just waiting until they hang up so you can get back on Tinder. And you dont want to answer the phone, but the only reason you do is because that same evil voice in the back of your head is telling you that what this phone call actually means is that somebody, somewhere… has just found a phone on a body. Youve got to hide the disappointment in your voice when they answer. Hello. Aww, baby, its you. How are you? What are you up to? Oh, youre driving? No, Ill stay on the line. Whats up? Whats happening? Did anyone see my show last year, by any chance? [cheering] Thats not a great return ratio, but thank you nonetheless. For those of you who didnt see the show, I spoke about death a fair bit. For the first time on stage, I spoke about my sister Josie. Josie had cerebral palsy, and she died when she was seven years old. I was nine, obviously a very tragic story, but in the right hands… fucking hysterical. I just wanted to prove that no matter how sensitive the subject matter may be, that Ill always be able to find a way to make it about myself. The show was called Dark and that was meant to be semi-ironic, and its because I genuinely dont consider my sense of humor to be dark. Now thats not my way of saying it isnt. Ive had enough emails to know that it is. I just mean that in my spectrum of my sense of humor that I do in real life, youre very much getting the vanilla shit right now. I have always had this sense of humor. I thought it was normal because its my parents sense of humor. I was raised with it. It wasnt until I then went out into the real world with it that I find out that my parents are fucked up people. My parents will say the most horrific things at the most inappropriate times. And the reason they do this, by the way, isnt to belittle the victim or to make fun of the tragedy or any of those other reasons nerds will tell you why people make dark jokes. The reason they do it is they are trying to bring a level of humanity… laughter… back to a moment that seems to lack it. Tragedy. Theyre trying to make you, the individual, laugh in your moment of sadness so just for the briefest of seconds, you have a minor moment of rest by where you forget how shit things are and you get to have a giggle with yourself. But what that does manifest itself as is they say fucked up things. Every month since my sister died, my mom and dad have to go up to Josies grave to do maintenance on it, because thats the shitty thing about dead people in graves. Its a very one-sided relationship. Theyre very needy, the dead. And they rarely give back unless youre delusional or religious. I could have just said religious. Uh… Understand by the way, if you subscribe to any faith whatsoever, I 100% respect your right to have that belief, but you also have to understand, at no point do I ever actually have to respect your beliefs. Its stupid, and youre wrong. But… I do respect your right to be wrong in public. See if I give a fuck. No matter how tragic an endeavor may seem once you repeat that feat multiple times, you get numb to the feelings. Thats how human emotions work. Theres nothing wrong with it. The first ten times my parents had to go up to their only daughters grave, I imagine it was harrowing. The 97th time, essentially just gardening. And because they didnt want to feel sad every single time they did it, what they did was, when they go up there, they make little jokes just to each other, just to make each other laugh in their moments of sadness. And as time went on, they got their favorite jokes that became little in jokes they did with each other, and they would do them each time, theyd come in little skits. Eventually, they were just two psychopaths laughing beside a grave, but… Theyre happy. But what it also means is that about every month since I was about 13 years old. So after theyve been doing it for a couple years. Ive heard my dad make the same fucking dad joke every month the night before he has to go up to Josies grave and hes so excited for the joke, by the way. I cannot stress how happy he is about doing the joke. Because its a dad joke, and he knows it ruins all of our days. He lives for this moment. And I know when its coming, hes not subtle. Of course hes not subtle. He makes the same face every dad has ever made since the dawn of time right when theyre about to do the joke. He just sat at the dinner table, and hes got that smug top lip, just quivering while he waits for the lull in conversations, so he can really take a run up to the setup, just like… So… [laughs] So tomorrows the big day. Weve got to go and deflower your sister. No, Dad. I dont want any dessert. You can have it all. Im just looking at my mom waiting for her to divorce him. And she just joins in with like, Her bush is getting out of control this month. Neighbors are starting to complain. I enjoyed talking about Josie on stage last year for several reasons. One, it was hilarious. Im a genius. Two, it was very therapeutic in a way to talk about a tragedy that I suffered when I was young, but then sort of rationalize it more as an adult in a very one-sided narcissistic group therapy type situation. Very cathartic, but thats the thing. I can do a new show ever year, thats my rule to myself. I have to do a new show every year, I get people to return to the shows. I want to make sure you see new stuff and I obviously want the material to be different because I dont want to have to flog a dead sister. Welcome to my favorite joke of the show. I want this years show to be better than last years show. Of course I do, like, you always want the new thing you create to be better than the old version of it. Parents, youll understand that logic. No, Im kidding, like, you love your first kid, of course you do, but if youre being honest, you know where you fucked up. Well just have another one, well hit this one less. Well hit him more, we dont know where the problems lie. Josies death, that was a… That was a struggle that Id gone through in my life, that I managed to turn into material to make dark and funny and poignant, I hope. But Ive done it now. But if Im being honest with you, I dont really have any other struggles. I really dont, Im a white, heterosexual middle-class, marginally successful, extremely well-hung man. Where are my struggles? Ive not even been molested. Oh, I was dealt a cruel hand. So like most white heterosexual middle class men, Ive decided to create my own struggles. Thats what we do. We see the rest of the world with your valid struggles that we also create, but lets not talk about that. Ive gone for the classics, alcoholism and drug addiction, the cool ones. Now you can say drugs arent cool, but Ive never seen a Mormon doing them. And I really I never thought Id drink or do drugs, I really didnt. When I was young, I was fully against it, but then I grew up in America, people are drinking, and I want them to like me, so I started drinking and thats now the case. I drink like a goddamn fucking champion. Same thing happened with drugs. I used to hate the idea of drugs. I really did and then I got into comedy. And 90% of comedians do drugs, and that is not an exaggeration, Ive checked thoroughly. Right, 90% of comedians do drugs. No, Daniel, surely that cant be true, surely not him. Yes, him, absolute coke fiend. No, Daniel, not her, shes a mother. Yes, a terrible one. Lets follow the train of logic, shall we? I didnt like alcohol. I met people to drink alcohol. Now, I drink alcohol. I didnt like drugs. I met people that took drugs. Now I take drugs. Ive met loads of vegans… Nah. And thats why I love vegans, because vegans are proving that peer pressure does not work. What a fucking myth. Not drinking when your friends are drinking, oh, thats tough. Say no to a joint when all of your friends are high, its never been done before. But eating steak at a table full of vegans. [moans] I didnt know it could taste better. I am such an insensitive selfish motherfucker. If Im at dinner with any of my vegan friends, I will order the bloodiest thing on the menu, and then spend the next three minutes giving it a backstory. Thats mine. Yeah, thank you very much. Her name was Lucky. She was seven years old. She had a little black splotch in the back of her head. It was in the shape of a love heart. Thats where we put the drill through. Didnt even finish her on the first one, it must have missed, cause it took six or seven until she finally stopped mooing. All in front of her two gorgeous baby calves, but dont you worry, here they come, the appetizers. If youre a vegan and its personal to you, this jokes not aimed at you. Also, if youre the type of vegan that you will trick your meat-eating friends into eating vegan dishes by just lying to us and telling us theres meat in it, that is a shit way to play the game, and I 100% respect it. Its a real… its a real dick move, and I love it, right? If youre those types of vegan, this joke is not aimed at you in any way. Enjoy the rest of the show. Youre a better person than I am. Who this joke is specifically aimed at is the fucking Facebook vegans. If you are a Facebook vegan, right, look into my fucking eyes, wherever you are. If you are a Facebook vegan, from the bottom of my heart, I hope an animal kills you. I will not be happy until you and your kind die of irony. And not even a meat-eating animal. I dont think thats funny enough. I want you to go on safari. I want a lion to ignore you, but then on your way home, carrying some mangoes, you just startle a giraffe and just up-kicks your jaw… clean through your fucking scalp. Facebook vegans, you gotta start taking responsibility for your actions, because you are the reason idiots like me think we hate all vegans. We dont, we just hate you. But youre bringing the rest of your people down with your attitude. Facebook vegans are to veganism what Isis are to Islam. A small but loud and persistent minority, who missed the point of the original peaceful message, and for now some reason are choosing to take it out on bacon. There are so many valid reasons for why the world should go vegan, arguments that Ive got no reply to. The amount of landmass that it takes to raise cattle is astronomical, right? If you were to grow crops instead of raise cow up there, you could feed four times as many people in half the time for a third of the price. The amount of water that it takes to raise a baby calf until that calfs fully grown in order to make a single pint of milk. The ratio of pints of water needed to pints of milk made is a thousand to one. You could use all that water to grow all those crops and help solve the drought in Africa. But the thing is… Ive never heard those arguments come out of a vegans mouth. I had to Google those for this joke. The only argument I have ever consistently heard come out of vegans mouth is your weakest one and its this one, You wouldnt… You wouldnt… [whimpering] You wouldnt eat meat if you had to kill it yourself. You wouldnt eat meat if you had to kill it yourself. I wouldnt wear clothes if I had to make them myself. What does my laziness have to do with any of this? You think Id smoke weed if I had to grow it myself? No! Some kids in Colombia are doing it, and Im sure theyre being paid fairly. You wouldnt eat meat if you had to kill it yourself. You dont know me. Id kill you to eat this in peace. And this hate concerns me, it does, Im terrified of it. ‘Cause one, Im wrong. Two, not only am I wrong. I know Im wrong, yet its still my opinion. Thats fucked. Thats an awful way to live your life. And irrational hate will always come back to bite you in the ass, and Im terrified of how it will manifest with me, like… What if one day day, what if, God forbid, what if one day… What if I have a vegan kid? Im not going to love it. How could I? One day I have an 11-year-old son, right. Hes been struggling with sexuality for a while. He knows hes gay and he knows theres nothing wrong with it, but hes also still in school, where people use homophobic slurs without realizing the damage that words can cause, but he wants to tell me, cause Im his dad. He loves me. He builds up his courage, and he comes into my study, and hes like, Dad. Dad. Im gay. Im like, Buddy, buddy, Wolverine. Come here. Hey. Hey. Mom lost a bet, didnt she? Yeah, she did. Yeah, she did. Youre small for an 11-year-old. [mumbles] Youll be fine. Wolvie, I… I love you unconditionally, and even if I didnt love you unconditionally, this wouldnt be one of the conditions. Like, Im not going to pretend to know what youre going through. I absolutely dont. As you know, Dad-Dad loves puss-puss. But thats fine. But theres nothing wrong with you. Like, thats the thing, theres really no such thing as normal. Everyone on this planet is different in a thousand different ways, and theres really no right or wrong way to be. Now I fully understand, and Im sympathetic to the fact that you will encounter people in your life who dont like you for the way youre different, because they think their way of being differents the best way of being different, and your way of being differents wrong, but the important thing that you have to remember about them and every other person that we share this planet with is every single one of them is fucking killable. And if any of them fuck with you, I will gut their parents, okay? Stop crying, I didnt raise a bitch. Now… I love you so much, now go get some dick. Yeah. My 14-year-old son, hes outside. Hes like, Oh, Dads in a good mood. Cant wait to tell him the news. Dad. Im vegan. Get the fuck out of this house. That is disgusting. That is a unnatural. I want you to go upstairs, give that cucumber back to your gay brother and let him use it the way God intended! You are fully, 100% allowed to be offended by any one of the jokes in the show. That is your right. All I ask is that if you are offended by one joke, could you just have the common fucking decency to be offended by the rest of them? Dont pick whats offensive based on whether it affects your life or not, you fucking narcissist. But thats how people get offended, isnt it? I love that joke, that was hilarious, cause Ive never experienced that, but my uncle had that disease, so youre a dick. Daniel, I love the fat jokes. I thought the fat jokes were hilarious because Im not fat, so they were obviously fucking hysterical. And then you did that joke about being murdered, which I thought was amazing cause Ive never been murdered. Which is weird, cause youve met me. Im fucking unbearable. Im very aware why people get offended by comedy. People take jokes literally. They take the comedians jokes at face value, and sometimes thats not even the audiences fault. Sometimes its down to the comedian. Sometimes the performance is lacking, the irony or the sarcasm doesnt come through, but thats the thing you have to remember. This is all a performance. Its all a performance. Im not like this in real life. Id get the shit kicked out of me. And the whole time it was happening, Id be like, Yeah, this is fair. But thats the thing about art. Art is subjective, and art is open to interpretation. But just because you interpret an artists art in one way does not necessarily mean that was the way they intended it to be interpreted. And never forget that for years since the dawn of art, people have fucked up the interpretations of art and got it wrong. Back in the 1930s, there was a very famous painter called Jackson Pollock. Jackson Pollock was fucking shit at art, right? Oh, couldnt paint for shit. He was really bad at it, so he went to modern art, where thats acceptable. He was one of those pricks, those knobs that just throw paint at a canvas, like, This ones called ‘Despair. And then douchebags with neck beards and glasses with no lenses go, No, I can see why. Jackson Pollock had this exhibition about 1935, cant remember the date fully, but he had this big white canvas, right? And this was the whole bit, this was the main exhibit, he just got a big bucket of black paint, threw it at the canvas, smeared it around and then put in two little splashes of red paint. That was it. Then he fucked off. So they do this exhibition, there was an art critic there, which by the way… lowest form of occupation… that has ever existed. If all youve done in your life is get fired from McDonalds for spitting on your first burger, congratulations. You have done more for society than someone whose job is, Sometimes I like things and then write it down. So they asked this art critic, this waste of space. They go, What do you think of this piece? And he goes, Hmm, hmm. Interesting. I believe that this is a self-portrait of Jackson. All right, two points. One, hes white. Two, fucking what, cunt? Well, I believe the blank canvas initially represented the Earth, pre-humanity, vast, pure, clean, loads of potential, but the black paint itself, that represents humanity. Random, chaotic, often overlapping, no start or end in sight, just constantly moving, no idea where its gonna go and no idea whenever its gonna stop. All we can tell is that its constantly repeating its history and often over-riding it. And we can deduce that one day it will eventually consume all of the Earth. But the two red dots, these are Jackson. Small, insignificant, yet, they stand out against the rest of humanity. Now I know its wrong to judge people based off two sentences, but I am willing to bet my house. Vegan. Never been more certain of anything in my life. Twenty minutes later, Jackson Pollock, the fucking artist, turns up Mr. Pollack, thank you so much for this wonderful, wonderful exhibit. Just a quick question in regards to the main piece. Can we just ask you, what do the two red dots represent? And Jackson Pollock on record said… What? Ha! Huh. I must have splashed it when I was painting that one. Just because you can find meaning in the art, doesnt necessarily mean that was the meaning the artist necessarily intended to be there. Take into consideration that you might just be a pretentious fucking cunt, okay? But I understand though when I say, like, life is meaningless. I do not mean that your life is meaningless. Your life can have a thousand different meanings or even just one. Id recommend more than one in case you got it wrong. But to have this core value, this core belief, this core meaning to your life and have it forever is a stupid way to live and really challenging, especially if its a belief that you picked when you were young. You have to remember, when youre young, your brain is so maleable, but so… Just stubborn, that it takes things on for the rest of your life, and youre not even aware its there. Its your subconscious, and I say this from experience. When I was seven years old, my dad said something to me that to this day is the reason I will die alone. Very happily, I may add. But I was seven years old, I didnt know what life was. I didnt know what existence was, how the fuck would I know? So I thought Id ask my dad cause he can fix a computer, so he must know. So I was like, Dad, what do we all do? Whats the meaning of life? Why are we all here? What… what the fuck? And my dad loves his kids, so he wants to explain to his son in a way that hell understand, but unfortunately, his sons a fuckhead. So he has to explain it in a way that a fuckhead will understand, and he accidentally did it perfectly, and its stuck with me since then. This is what he said, right? Im seven years old. He goes, All right, buddy. Just imagine that your life, my life. everyone elses individual life. Imagine all of our lives are like our own individual jigsaw puzzles. As were going through life, were just slowly piecing it together, bit by bit, based on experiences and lessons that weve learned, until we get the best picture, but the thing is everyone has also lost the box for their jigsaw. So none of us know what the image were trying to make is, were just confidently fucking guessing. So the best way to do a jigsaw, when you dont have the image to work off, is to start from the outside, the sides and the four corners. Family. Friends. Hobbies/interests. Job. Now obviously, as you go through life, some of these bits are subject to change. Sometimes youll make new friends, and youll lose contact with old so you gotta move this corner around a bit. Sometimes youll get a job. That means you cant have a certain hobbies. You gotta decide then, Do I want more me time or do I want more work time? You gotta move the stuff around. Sometimes youll have a family member that dies, and theyll leave a big hole in your life. In that moment youll have to find a way to fill that void, otherwise youll be incomplete forever. Now, that made perfect sense to me, because I was seven years old. I fucking loved jigsaws. So I was like, All right, okay. So once youve got the stuff on the outside, whats the main bit of the image? What we are all working towards? And he goes, Well, thats… Thats the partner piece. You and this perfect person who youve never met before to come out of nowhere, fit your life perfectly, complete you and make you whole for the first time in your life, much like your mother did for me. Seven. Seven years old. I wish you just said, Ice cream! And we could have fucked off. And even though what he said sounds sweet and whatever, what it manifested in my seven-year-old brain was this, If you are not with someone, you are broken. If you are not with someone, you are incomplete. If you are not with someone, you are not whole. And thats not just something my dad made me feel, thats something that we as a society have made every single child born in the last 40 years feel. Every Disney princess has a prince, every prince has a princess, every television show or movie always has a character in it that doesnt want to be in a relationship. Theyre happy with who they are. But then by the end of the series, guess what. They were wrong! They were wrong for wanting to be alone, what a fucking idiot. Everyone needs someone, yeah. They were just a toasty little marshmallow, werent they? Its all to do with love. Divorce, an entirely common thing that there is nothing wrong with. When youre growing up and your friends parents get divorced, youre told to not talk about it or mention it to them because its taboo, and it is taboo is because every relationship on the outside is perfect, because none of us are willing to admit that none of us know what the fuck were doing. And when you raise children in that world, where everything points towards love and everythings perfect on the outside, when youve raised them for 18 fucking years, when we become an adult for the first time in our late teens and our early 20s, were so terrified. Were so trying to be an adult that some of us will take the wrong person, the wrong jigsaw piece and just fucking jam them into our jigsaws anyway, denying that they clearly dont fit. Oh, well move pieces out the way, I dont need this hobby, I dont need this opinion. Mom who? The bitch with the tits. Whats she done for me recently? Im gonna force this fucking person into our lives because wed much rather have something than nothing. Then five years later, youre stood looking at a jigsaw you dont recognize, being like, Ah! Theres a fucking cunt in the middle of this. Maybe you do meet the perfect person. Maybe you meet them, you go out. They make you laugh. You make them laugh. Theyve got a stupid laugh, but you fucking love it. They like what you like. They like your idiosyncrasies. Its great. Its perfect. Oh, my God, theyve completed you. For three months. Every relationship is perfect for three months. And heres why. ‘Cause after three months, thats when you realize that nobody else is a jigsaw piece. Everyone else on this planet is as deep and as complex and individual as you are, which means they too have spent the last 20 or so years of their life working on their own jigsaw puzzle, in the same way that youve been working on yours. You cant suddenly expect them to give up everything theyve come to achieve to suddenly fit into yours in the same way that youd be pissed off if they asked you to sacrifice everything youve done, suddenly come fit into theirs, but now, because you like each other and because youre interested in each other, now you have to make a jigsaw together. And we all know how fucking annoying that is. But you do it cause youre in love and youre interested, and maybe for the first couple years, its great. Its like, Oh, my God, you love this bit of me. I love this bit of you. Oh, my God, we got the same thing, yeah! But time does not equal success. You can spend five or more years with someone, and only then, after all the fun you had, be looking at the jigsaw and realize youre both working towards very different images. Only then realize that you want different things. And in that moment, you have a very, very difficult question to ask yourself. One. Do I admit the last five years of my life have been a waste? Two. Do I waste the rest of my life? 55% of marriages end in divorce. 99.0% of relationships that started before they are 30 end. If those were the stats for surgery, none of us would fucking risk it. But because its love and were stupid, we just lie on the operating table like, Maybe this time I wont die inside. My generation has become so obsessed with starting the rest of their lives that theyre willing to give up the one they are currently living. We have romanticized the idea of romance, and it is cancerous. People are more in love with the idea of love than the person they are with. I am very aware that this is not a particularly funny bit of the show. Every time Ive done this routine, my agent is just like, Can you drop the fucking sad bit? And my answer is no for three reasons. One, my show. Fuck you. Two, I think its one of the very few smart routines Ive done. Three… I know Im right. Ive had this analogy in my head since I was seven years old, but its always spoken to me because Im perpetually single person, so before I did it on stage, I wanted to talk to my friends, the ones who are always in relationships to see if it resonated with them in the same way that it resonated with me. So I was like, Ive got this analogy. I learned it when I was young. It might just sound stupid. But does this make sense to you in the same way it does to me? Within five months, four of them had broken up with their partners. Yeah! I am not saying its impossible to find love. All Im saying is that statistically… you have not. All Im saying is if youre finding it hard to laugh at this routine, its because deep down you dont love the person youre with. So either start laughing or enjoy the awkward car ride home. From the bottom of my heart, I believe that 80% of relationships in the world, and therefore this room, are horseshit. A bunch of people who never took time to learn how to be alone, therefore never learned how to love themselves, so you employed someone else to do it. Prove me wrong. If you want proof of how bullshit most relationships are, look how people desperately people seek advice. Whats the secret to a happy relationship? Whats the secret to a long and successful relationship? Here it is, gather around, come on. Fucking nothing. It should be as easy as breathing. You should be nothing without them and everything with them. If it gets difficult at any point, get out, cause theres 7.5 billion people on the planet. Youll find a new one. That just compromises the single dumbest thing Ive ever heard of in my entire life, cause Ive done it. Ive done it so many times, every time Im in a relationship, of course I do it. Everyone in my family, extended family tree, met, married, had kids by the time they were 25. Zero divorces anywhere in my family tree. Im 26. Ive fucked more people than my entire family combined. Its all good. Im not proud of that. Hey. So whenever Im in a relationship, Im so desperate to emulate my elders to have this successful relationship, that Ill do what they say. And Ill compromise and then I change who I am. And then for some reason, I hate myself. Why do I have myself? ‘Cause Im not me. Im whoever this fucking person manufactured. Im done with it. Now Im of the opinion that if you do not love 100% of who I am, off you fucking fuck. All right? Thank you. Thats not arrogance. Thats not narcissism. Thats the way every single person in this room should feel about themselves because if you do not love 100% of who I am, you do not love me. You love an idea of me, which you have falsely fabricated in your head, and its not my fault if I do not live up to those expectations. You have to love the good with the shit, mainly because Im 90% shit. You have to love 100% of me, because thats what makes me, me. If you dont love 100% of who I am, theres 7.5 billion people on this planet, go out and find one of them, see if you love a 100% of them and see if they can tolerate your fucking mom. Because Ill love 100% of you, I will. Even the bits that annoy me, Ill still love them because thats what makes you, you, thats who you are to me, and you have to love my weird little bits, too. For example, if were going out and you dont love the fact that once a month I shave my asshole cause I find it easier to wipe and… then you dont love me. I feel Ive lost some of you. Im going to assume the people I lost, Im going to assume that youre the monsters that do not wax or shave your assholes. If you do not wax or shave your asshole, sort your fucking life out immediately. And allow me to clarify, I dont care where you have body hair. I really dont. Have as much, have as little as you like. Its your body, but be a decent human being, would you? its disgusting not to. And I can use your own logic against you, if you were to get poo, human poo, in the air on your head, dont know how you did it, but you did, youre a legend. Would your one and only reaction be to get a bit of toilet paper folded over and go? Thats clean forever. I dont need to wash this. I dont need to cut this out. I dont need to burn this with a fucking lighter. Nah, the magical toilet paper got rid of all the stuff. No, you wouldnt. Hows your ass any different? Shave your fucking assholes. Just do it. – [man whistles] – [Daniel scoffs] That was one of them farting. [audience laughing] I can see a lot a downers, right. Im not done with this bit, by the way, not even close. Because some of you wont do it. Some of you will go home and be like, He was wrong. Im not fucking wrong, shave your ass. I swear… Right. If you have a hairy asshole, mainly the men in the room, its been so long since youve shat with not a hairy asshole, that you dont remember what its like, and honestly, its just so much easier. ‘Cause if youve shat with a hairy asshole, when you wipe, its kind of like trying… Brush crunchy peanut butter out of a rug. Like, you cant… Listen to the fucking truth. Youre getting some of it, but youre just moving bulks of it around. Youre clumping bits of the rug together, this bit is always going to smell like peanut butter. But once you shaved the… Oh, my God! The first time I shaved my butthole, I went for a poo. Afterwards, when I wiped, I checked the toilet paper. It was so clean, I thought Id missed. It saves time. It saves effort. It saves paper. Vegans, you should be on this. My ex-girlfriend was without a doubt the single worst human being Ive ever met in my life. Her hobbies were manipulation and general cunt-ering. Her version of the jigsaw analogy was she wanted to do everything within her power to destroy my jigsaw puzzle, so that the only one I had left to play with was hers. She was a vindictively intelligent woman and spiteful to the core. She created this perfect person. This act that she acted out in public who everyone fell in love with, my friends fell in love with, my family fell in love with, who I fell in love with. She was flawless, and then behind closed doors, she was entirely different because she knew I wouldnt have an argument if I then went out into the real world. Id be like, Shes being a bitch. Theyre like, Shes fucking perfect. How are you ruining this, Daniel? She knew I wasnt like this on stage. She knew how insecure I was. She would find my insecurities and then she would then use them against me to make me doubt myself. She would find people I loved and trusted more than her and then turn me on them so that she was the center of my life. She was jealous of the most insane things. She was jealous of my relationship with my father. Ive not fucked my dad in years. And even then, that wasnt love, that was just raw sexual chemistry. [laughing] Jeez. My best friend in the whole wide world is a woman called Jean. Weve been best friends for about eight or nine years. Weve lived together for five. Shes like a sister to me, she really is. A lot of people dont believe its platonic, but it is, the idea of each other naked makes us both very sad. But we love each other, we do, weve just been together through most things. Two months into my relationship with my ex-girlfriend, she was like, Sometimes I feel like you love Jean more than me. And I was like, Baby, no! All the time! Every hour of every day I love her more than I love you. Because shes put the ground work in. You dont get to suck a dick and go number one, you sociopath. Except I didnt say that, did I? What I actually said was, No, baby. Youre right. Im sorry. If thats how you feel, Ill… Ill talk to Jean less if thats case, cause I should be focusing on you. If you dont want me talking to my dad as much, Ill just talk to you. ‘Cause youre right, it should be about you. And of course, everyone else, my family and society agreed. Sacrifice. If someone doesnt love 100% of who you are, change who you are until they do. So I changed myself. My friends didnt like me as much, because of course they fucking didnt, but they wouldnt interrupt and stop it, because I was happy on the outside, because I was keeping up the fucking illusion. And I was so sad. I was so miserable. There were so many parts of her that I hated, but I would never even dare to have the audacity to change them. In hindsight, I know what they are. She was vegan. Yeah, now the first 20 minutes of the show make sense, dont they? Yeah! Uh… For the first time in my life, I was fucking sad. For the first time in a very, very… I hated my… I remember just one day standing in the shower… just being like, Is this it? Like, Is this my life? Am I vegan? Thats what I came up with a joke about patiently waiting for her to die. Thats how desperate I was. And shes not gonna. Shes vegan. That cunts gonna live forever. Then one day, I finally broke up with her. I finally snapped. I couldnt do it. Oh, my God, the relief and the joy and the happiness felt on that day. I strongly recommend you break up with your partners right now just to feel even a bit of what I felt that day. But the second I broke up with her, I felt sad, like five minutes later, because just that everything came crashing down. Why am I happier when Im alone? Why am I happier when Im not with someone? Dad says the center of your jigsaw should be about this partner piece. Why am I happier when theres not one there? Thats when I realized the bit my dad got wrong but right in his own adorable little way. He said the center of the jigsaw is about partner piece, and hes right and wrong. Its happiness, find something that makes you happy. Make it the center of your life. And then everything else will naturally fit in around it. Is just so happens that for my dad his happiness piece and his partner piece are the same piece. Theyre my mother. My mom and dad have been married for about 30 years now and to this day, disgustingly in love with each other. Like, its really sickening. My dad is adorably smitten by my mom. Like, every morning he wakes up in bed, he rolls over and he looks at her, and he just cant believe his luck. And shes the same every morning. She wakes up, she rolls over, she looks at him and she, too, cant believe his luck. Hes not perfect. Hes loud. Hes obnoxious, but hes a good man with a massive cock and… And she knows what she wants, good on her. You get that dick, Mom, you earned it. Yeah! Get it, son, yeah! [laughing] But thats the truth for some people and not for everyone. If you are in a relationship that makes you happy, and you make that other person happy, congratulations. Keep that up. Thats amazing. But to all the single people in the room, the perpetually single people, the people in relationships they would rather not be in, but its just too easy to stay in. I mean this. You have to learn to love yourself before you can allow someone else to do it as well. Thats it. Theres nothing wrong with being single. Theres nothing wrong with being alone. Theres nothing wrong with taking time for yourself to work out who you are before you go out there into the dating world, because how can you offer who you are if you dont know who you are? Theres nothing wrong with being selfish for a bit because youve got the rest of your life to be selfless. If you only love yourself at 20%, that means somebody can come along and love you 30%. Youre like, Wow, thats so much. Its literally less than half. Whereas if you love yourself 100%, a person that falls in love with you has to go above and beyond the call of duty to make you feel special. Thats something every one of us deserves, and that doesnt mean youre not happy. You can get your happiness from hundreds of different people and not even in a slutty way. Now dont get me wrong, the slutty way is fucking fun. Right? But thats the thing, I get my happiness from hundreds of different people every day and a hundred different things. Like, this is my job. I never in my wildest fucking dreams ever thought I would get to this stage of my fucking career. I was used to just telling fucking wank jokes in the bottom of pubs, right? I never thought Id get to do this. Every single one of you, it adds a bit to the happiness. All my friends from all over the world adds a little bit, so instead of one main bit in the middle of the jigsaw, it loads little pieces. If one of them goes away, thats a bit sad, but I can replace it. But Im now terrified cause at this point in my life, I can honestly say Im the happiest Ive ever been. My jigsaw is complete. Thats not good, cause its not forever. Im 26. Ive peaked far too soon. The next couple shows after this are gonna be pretty fucking brutal. But Im terrified having this perfect jigsaw at the moment because its gonna make me more selfish. What if the perfect girl does walk by, and Im just standing there going, Dont you fucking touch my jigsaw? [hisses] Ill glue this down. Ill varnish this. Youll fucking see. Even if I were to get into a relationship, find that perfect person… I dont know if Id ever be happy or secure. Being with one person, trusting that person because as I know and as you know, it is impossible to tell whether the person you are with loves you from the bottom of their heart… or whether theyre just patiently waiting for you to die. This is not the happiest setting to a show, but with this show, this very one, Ive created true happiness. Because in August last year, I ended a 13-year marriage. Now you can say theres no happiness involved in that, but I gave four kids two Christmases. Im a fucking god! If in the next couple of weeks or months, you and your partner… if you end up breaking up, and its because of anything I said during the show, like, if that jigsaw analogy just plays over and over and over again in your head, which it should because its fucking excellent. And the thing about doubt, doubt isnt a flower. Doubts a wheat. I dont need to water it. Itll just slowly spread through your brain over the next couple months. One day your partner will be all nice. Theyll bring you breakfast in bed. And theyll be like, I got you some orange juice, and itll have pulp in it. And youll be like, Fuck, Sloss was right. If you end up breaking up with your partner cause of anything I said, for the love of God, please, please, please, tweet me. Because Id love to know. Since August 2016, Ive been doing this show. Ive traveled around the world. I have been notified by Facebook, Twitter and Instagram that I have successfully and officially ended 72 relationships. 144 lives saved. Wheres my Nobel Peace Prize? To any people watching at home, cause thats just been on a live tour. When this goes out live, Im fucking saving this place. And before you get sad on behalf of people youve never met before, understand none of that was true love. Im not here to break up true love. I never would want to, and I dont think I possibly could. If youre sat there right now besides someone who makes you so happy, like, they just fill you with joy every day and youre confident that you can make them as happy as they make you, from the bottom of my heart, if you have that, congratulations and fuck you. All Im saying is question fucking everything. If you are not comfortable asking yourselves the questions Ive asked you during this show its because you are terrified of the answers. The worst thing you can do with your life is spend it with the wrong human being. There are 7.5 billion people on this planet, and you found your soul mate 20 miles from where you live. Seems like a bit of a cowinkydink to me. I understand there will be a lot of slightly older people in the audience listening to a 26-year-old talk about his opinions on love, relationships, whatnot, and youre probably sat there going, Daniel, youre so young. Youre so naive, you are. Youre so cynical. I know that, darling, because I used to be like you. I used to believe the same things when I was your age. I totally did. I used to be like, ‘Theres no such thing as love, ‘ and then I met this one. And weve been together ever since, and it has been a journey. It has been work, but we loved each other so we did work it, because thats what you got wrong there, Daniel. It is about work. It is about crap, but its worth it in the end, because its us together now. We got these two beautiful children that have grown up, and theyre going through it, too. And I understand, Daniel. I know why you feel that way, but one day you will find it. You will find true love, and I cant wait for you to get it for yourself. If thats you, if thats how you feel… I hope youre right. I really do. I want to be a husband. I want to be a dad more than anything in the world. Because I guess if youre not right… I guess if youre wrong, the only other alternative is that when you were my age, you were so terrified of being alone that you forced yourself to love someone. Ive been Daniel Sloss. Have a wonderful life. [applauding and cheering] Oh, God. Thank you. Thank you. Fuck yes. Yeah!

BERT KREISCHER@SECRET TIME@2018@ Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome… Bert Kreischer. [applause] [rock music playing] [crowd cheering and applauding] [crowd cheering louder] Oh. Yes. [crowd cheering] Yeah, lower your expectations, Philly. [audience laughing] Were just getting drunk and telling secrets. [laughing] [coughs] Secret time. [laughs] Secret time: when I get out of the shower, I dry my asshole on the bed. Bam! Secret time. [laughing] Secret time: sometimes when I wipe my ass, I spit on the toilet paper. Its called an Alabama Wet Wipe. Secret time. [laughter and cheers] [laughing] Secret time: when my wife has an orgasm, she looks like Elvis. [moans and laughs] Secret time. [laughs] [audience laughing] I love my wife. Er… Sometimes, when my wifes blowing me, I feel like shes gagging for the wrong reason. [crowd laughing] [crowd continues laughing] Down there trying to hold it together like a rookie in a hot dog eating contest. [retching] Staring into my belly like a woman lost in the desert, just… [moaning] Listening to me going in and out of sleep apnea through it. [snorting] Slower. [continues snorting] Slower. [vomiting sounds] Im really big, huh? [crowd laughing] [Bert laughs] Shes a good mom. [crowd laughing] Couldnt give a hand job to save her life. Seriously, if someone broke into our house, lined up our family on the couch, hes like, [screaming] Im gonna kill every motherfucker in here [gently] unless one of you can give me a semi tolerable… [crowd laughing] [gently] Like on a scale of one to ten, like a three kind of earthy hand job… Id still be like, Honey, I got this. Stop crying, girls. Were gonna be just fine. [crowd laughing] [firmly] Keep your hands in your pocket, LeeAnn. Last hand job I got from her, October 7th 2017. I remember it. I was sober that month. Getting a sober hand job is a lot like getting molested at camp. [laughs] I wanted to have sex. I started to go, Lets bang one out, shes like, I dont want to have sex. [bored] I was like, All right, Ill just take a blow job. Apparently thats an upsell. [crowd laughing] I didnt realize that, Oh, you dont like the Volkswagen, try the BMW. So we settled on a Kia. Thats a hand job in the afternoon. The second it started, I was like, I immediately regret this decision. Sun is filling the room. Im laying on the bed. Shes sitting next to me, criss cross applesauce, fully dressed, with a smile, like its her first time rolling dice. [crowd laughing] Im like, Stop staring at me. Shes like, Huh? I go, Were making eye contact. Youre staring into my soul. It hurts. Shes like, What should I look at? At it? I go, Dab for all I fucking care. [crowd laughing] She is a good mom. Im a shit dad. I dont hit em, you know, and stuff but… Im a shit dad. [laughs] Do you remember when you were a kid, and youd hear your parents talking about really bad parents, [in a softer voice] like, Oh, my gosh. Amy Stevens mom was drunk dropping her off at school the other day, [in his voice] and you were like, How does that happen? Then you become a parent, youre like, I know how that happens. [crowd laughing] Ive definitely been there. Stop drinking at three, wake up at seven for drop-off. Get in the car, youre like, Whoa… Who wants to take Uber today, huh? We can get donuts if we dont tell Mom about it. [crowd laughing] This is how bad of a parent I am. I went to a parent-teacher conference, stayed out until four in the morning. Conference starts at 7:30 in the morning. I wake up, Im like, Oh, fuck. I make a cup of coffee, I grab two Diet Cokes, go to the conference, kill the coffee before the conference even starts, sit down for the conference, crack my Diet Coke, take a sip, and realize I have a Coors Light. [crowd laughing and clapping] That is a game-time decision, gentlemen. The second I felt the beer touch my tongue… [laughs with pleasure] Thats like a finger in your ass in an orgy. [crowd laughing] What kind of man are you? Do you pull away from it or do you push back into it? Yeah, I pushed back into it and I killed that fucking Coors Light. [crowd laughing and cheering] [Bert laughing] Reached into my pocket and prayed I had another Coors Light. Who the fuck wants a Diet Coke if you just had a Coors Light? I dont hit em. Thats the only thing I can say. I dont hit my kids. We live in LA. So when they misbehave, we put them in the corner and urinate on them. [crowd laughing] Just kidding. Someones gonna take that fucking for real. Theyre like, You really piss on your fucking kids? [sighs] I dont hit em. I got hit. Not a lot. I got spanked a couple times and all I know is you do not want… Man, spanking sucks. You grew up in Philly. You know. You still get hit. [crowd laughing] I remember the first time I ever got spanked. My sisters fourth birthday party. I was six. Theyre singing Happy Birthday, she goes to blow out the candles, and Im like, And kiss the cake! Boom! Dude, it killed so hard. The clown was laughing. He was like, Doh, this kids got chops. It killed so hard that my dads like, Yo, I gotta talk to you in the garage. I was like, If youre gonna high-five me, we should probably do it out there. [crowd laughing] Shes a little worked up. We get into the garage, hes like, Pull your pants down. I was like, Hold on, slow down for a second. We both agreed this was funny, but I wouldnt go sucking my dick over it. [crowd cheering and clapping] And then he spanked me. Spanked me, and then said, Pull your pants up. Lets go back to the party. I was like, I dont feel like partying anymore. He never got my personality. Still doesnt get my personality. Like even today as men, I called him up the other morning, early in the morning LA time. Hes in Florida. He goes, [in a deep voice] What are you doing awake? I said, [in his voice] I had a bad dream. Its silent, and he just goes, Whoa, you still dream? I go, Yeah, I dream. You dont dream? He goes, No, I dont dream. Im a fucking man! I go to sleep, cause Im tired from working all day, and I sleep, cause I have to work the next day. What are you dreaming about? Ponies and shit? I was like, Yeah, sometimes. He goes, Id love to have your job. All you gotta do is get drunk and fucking tell secrets. [crowd laughing] Secret time! My dad hit me when I was a kid. Secret time. Secret time: one time, my dad shit his pants at a Banana Republic. Secret time. Thats true. Thats actually true. A hundred percent true, swear to God. The day after Thanksgiving. Black Friday. Or Brown Friday, as we call it. [crowd laughing] We go to Banana Republic. I grab a sweater and a jacket. The sweaters for him. I get in line and go, Yo, watch my kids. All right, then he comes back without my kids. Where are my kids? Hes like, Fuck your kids. We got a problem. [crowd laughing] I was like, What? He goes, I think Im gonna shit my pants. What do I do? I was like, Stop making eye contact with me, stranger. And then he shit his pants. And I saw it happen in his eyes. Just, [shouting] Oh! I shit my pants! [crowd laughing] He makes a beeline out of B-Reps, my mom and my wife come up and theyre like, Where is Dad? I was like, Dad just shit his pants. My mom jumped on it like a soldier. She was like, [fast] Someone get him a new pair of khakis. 38/30. Ill go find him. I was like, Does this happen a lot? [crowd laughing] He does not find me funny. Ive only made him laugh one time. One time seven Christmases ago. I was in D.C. I call my wife up and go, Yo, what do you want for Christmas? My wifes like, Pajamas. Thats what I heard: pajamas. She meant pajamas. I heard pajamas. She meant a pair of pajamas. Start there, Bert. I heard the plural, so I bought her seven pairs of pajamas… [crowd laughing] …and individually wrapped them, she had a lot of shit to open. And I sat back going, Done, son! Bitch wants pajamas, bitch got pajamas! [crowd laughing] All Christmas, Im like, Yo, open my gift! Shes like, Ill get to it. Im working with the girls. My dad sitting next to me like, You mustve killed it this year, buddy. I was like, Youll see. [crowd laughing] [laughing] Finally… end of Christmas, she gets to my present. Ive been talking about this present all Christmas. [laughing] [laughing, almost crying] Whole family gathers around. She opens the first pair. Pulls them out and just goes, Oh, pajamas. [crowd laughing] [Bert laughing hard] And immediately, I think, Fuck. If thats her reaction to pajamas number one… I cant imagine its going to build. My dads drinking whiskey and eggnog, and just goes, Who the fuck buys someone pajamas? She opens the second pair, pulls them out, and goes, Oh. More pajamas. My dad looks at the five unwrapped gifts, quickly does the math, and goes, Youre a fucking idiot. [crowd laughing and clapping] By pajamas number five, hes going Flipper on me, just… [dolphin sounds] Pajama number six, the whole familys around her, going, Come on, pajamas! Pajamas number seven, they are pissing themselves, thinking, How could this get funnier? What they do not know is, Ive also bought my mom and sisters pajamas. [crowd laughing] You should have seen this man when my mom pulled her gift out from me, and he was like, Oh, its motherfucking pajamas! [crowd laughing] I have made this man so angry in life. One time… whole family was driving from Tampa to Philadelphia. Like, Im ten years old, or whenever spitballs were big. Im sitting in the back of the station wagon, and I have a brilliant idea. I go, I wonder… if I could shoot a spitball from where Im sitting to the inside of his glasses… [crowd laughing] [Bert laughs] …while hes driving 80 miles per hour… I bet hell appreciate how good my aim is. Im like, Yeah, this is a great idea. I line it up, I take the shot… [blowing] …and I miss entirely. And instead of going on the inside of his glasses, it goes directly in his ear canal. [laughing] And he goes full JFK, just, [shouting] Son of a fucking bitch! Oh, God! My moms like, Whats going on? Hes like, Something entered my head! Oh! I think Im having a stroke, Maggie! Pulls the car over, fishes it out, and is like, How the fuck… would a piece of paper get in my fucking ear? Is there a window? Turns around, Im so shocked I missed, I still have the straw in my mouth, like… [crowd laughing] He goes, Did you do this? I was trying to get it on the inside of your glasses. Hes like, Why? Wanted to show you how good my aim is. He looks at me without breaking a smile and goes, Hey, buddy, your aim fucking sucks. [crowd laughing] [sighing] One time, Im like five years old. Im eating breakfast in his bed, and I finished my milk. I look at him and go, Hey, big guy, refill on the milk. [crowd laughing] He rolls his eyes… goes in the refrigerator, pulls out some milk, comes into his bedroom, leans over his bed starts to pour, and I go, Hey! [laughing] And he pours milk on his bed, and goes, Why the fuck would you do that? I looked at him and I go, Its comedy. [crowd laughing] [groans] He told me I should start hitting my kids. Yeah, my kids are dumb as fuck. I love them. Theyre my children. I love them with all my heart, but man, they are legit mouth-breathers. [crowd laughing] Two very different types of stupid. My oldest just found out theres no Santa Claus. Yeah, shes 13. To put that in perspective, kids in her class are finger fucking and hitting vape pens. [crowd laughing] Shes leaving out milk and cookies, clicking her heels together. She asked me about Santa this last Christmas, and I panicked. Because I believe, and I could be wrong, but I believe theres a correlation in when you stop believing in Santa and when you start sucking dicks. [crowd laughing] No? No. Do you believe in Santa? Oh! Do you suck dicks? [shouting] Oh, shit! Case in point, son! [crowd laughing] So Im just trying to get a little lead time. Shes like, Dad, whats the story on Santa? I start panicking, my wifes next to me, Im like, Er… You mean Santa? Shes like, Yeah, Santa. I go, You mean Jesuss brother, Santa? She was like, Whoa, Jesus and Santa were brothers? I was like, Fuck yeah! And when the Jews came after Jesus, Santa was like, ‘Fuck that, and he bounced. He went to the North Pole and hung out with midgets, and then one day, his reindeer said ‘Santa, I dont wanna freak you out, but the Jews killed your brother. He said, ‘Fuck, Im killing all the Jews! He goes, ‘We cant Santa. Theres too many. He says, ‘Youre right. Im talking crazy. On my brothers birthday, every kid that didnt kill my brother gets a gift. Thats how we got Santa. [crowd laughing] My wife is like, What the fuck did you just tell her? The story of Old Saint Nick. Isnt that how you remember it? [crowd laughing] This kid… I guarantee you, Ill get a phone call one night from her, like, Uh-oh Dad, I think I accidentally joined a cult. Shes the kid, when you drop her off for college, my wife will give her life advice, and Ill give her the real life advice to save her life. All right, heres the deal. Whatever your mom saids fine, but this is your dad talking now. When it comes to drugs, just take half. [crowd laughing] Yeah, wait two hours. See if you like it. Take the other half. If your boyfriend wants to blindfold you during sex, that means his roommates going to fuck you. Dont do it. [crowd laughing] Yeah, thats what that means, ladies. Theres a lot of girls going, I think I gotta up my number. [crowd laughing] My youngest is scary stupid. Like… [groaning] I took her grocery shopping one day, right? We get in the grocery store, and shes like, Can I push the cart? I go, Yeah, but please be careful where youre pushing it. Pay attention. She goes, Sure thing, Dad. Forty-five seconds later, she clips a dude in the heels hard as shit. He goes, Son of a…! I go, I am so sorry, sir. I go, Ila, what did I just tell you? She was like, Sorry. Frozen food section, she clips a lady in the heels. [sharp voice] Oh my God! [his voice] Im like, Maam, I apologize. Ila, baby! You gotta watch where youre going! Sorry. Over in the meat section, clips another dude in the heels. Motherfucker! I go, What is wrong with you? And she goes, I like the look on their faces. [crowd laughing] Lets do one more, Dad. Ill show ya. Im like, Fuck, lets do that black guy. I will never say that again. This kid is weird. Keeps her deodorant in the refrigerator. Yeah, name on the cap and on the base, as to not confuse it with all the fucking deodorants in the refrigerator. I said to my wife, Whats her deodorant doing in there? She goes, Well, you know Ila. I go, No, apparently, I dont. [crowd laughing] Then one morning Im making coffee. Seven in the morning, Ila comes in, opens refrigerator door on the DL, right? Takes her deodorant out. Takes the top off, swipes her finger across it, rubs it above her lip, cap on, in the door, shuts it, Im like, What the fuck was that? [crowd laughing] She just turns around and goes, Mind your own business, and walks away. You cannot smoke weed around this kid. Shell fuck your day up. One night, all the family goes to sleep at 10:00, Im like, Fuck it, Im gonna be healthy. Ill eat an edible, right? [crowd laughing] Eat an edible… about an hour later, I realize I have over-served myself. I dont know if youve ever been there when your brain takes over and starts having independent inquiries within itself that youre not in control of. You just hear, Hey, I got a question. Am I supposed to remind you to breathe? And youre like, Huh? [crowd laughing] Are we not breathing right now? No, dawg, were not breathing at all. And I cant remember what muscle starts the swallow. Im like… [groaning loudly] Go into my bedroom, go to my wife, [crying] I think Im fucking dying. I dont know how to breathe and I cant swallow. Im gonna need a blowjob, stat. [crowd laughing] Shes like, How about a hand job? I was like, Hard pass. Im gonna die. Im gonna die right next to you. Ill be cool. So I lay there, dying silently. Two in the morning, Im still awake, my door opens. Its my daughter, Ila. Not who I want to talk to. [crowd laughing] By the way, Im certain there are some women in here that are getting defensive of her. Bert, shes not stupid. She sounds quirky. Shes a fun little kid. Oh! Let me tell you this little ditty, okay? I go to her softball practice one day. Now, you gotta remember, I live in LA. I dont live in Philly like you guys. We do things differently out there. The coach is practicing without a ball. [crowd laughing] He doesnt want to introduce failure this early in the season. [crowd] No! Hey. Hold on! Someones gotta make the snowflakes, people. [crowd laughing] Hes got them out there, no ball. [laughing] Are you fucking kidding me? No ball, all in position. [high-pitched voice] All right, ladies… Runners on first and second! [hitting the ball] Ground ball to Lily. Lily Fromkin, the third base, fields it perfectly. [crowd laughing] Stands on third, throws it to second, She catches it, throws it to first, Triple play, girls! Bring it in! By the way, Im on the sides going, First triple play Ive ever seen. Then the other part of me is like, Wheres the fucking ball? Thats when one of the moms tells me, Coach doesnt wanna introduce failure. Im like, Are you fucking kidding me? My daughters in center field. Coach is like, All right, bases loaded. [hitting ball] Fly ball to Ila! And I watch my daughter… immediately start backing up, then look over her head and start running. [crowd laughing] Who fails in their own imagination? [crowd laughing and clapping] Everyones cheering her on, Im like, Theres no fucking ball! Then I watch her throw her glove, like, Fuck it, and walk away from the play. I called my wife immediately. I go, You are never going to believe what your moron daughter just did. And we laughed hysterically for a minute, and then my wife stops, she goes, Yo, dont make fun of her for this. I go, Are you being serious? She goes, No, this is her beautiful little brain. I dont want to break it. I go, I think its broken. I just watched her not catch nothing. [crowd laughing] She said, But if you make fun of her, itll shame her, and thats not what we want. Thats what your dad did. Thats why you drink. [crowd laughing] I got to drive home with the kid. Were on the 405, shes staring out the window like Spicoli. Were not talking at all. Finally, Im like, Fuck it. Yo, Ila, what happened with that fly ball? She doesnt even look at me. Just stares out the window, smirks, and goes, Yep, Coach really got a hold of that one. [crowd laughing] This is the brain of the child walking into my room at two in the morning when Im higher than senator socks. Its the best I could do, people. I wrote this so many different ways… Im higher than a woodpeckers dick in a redwood. Im higher than astronaut pussy. Thats progressive, right? [crowd laughing] Im higher than… I even got so high to try to write it from that angle, [laughing] but all I could come up with was, Im higher than a whale, cause… I thought, Theres got to be times when a whales at the top of the ocean, like, ‘Oh, Im high as shit right now. [crowd laughing] Oh fuck, Im so high! Im higher than senator socks. [laughing] Anyway, my point is, its two in the morning, she opens the door, Im higher than Moby Dick. She sees Im awake, walks up next to my bed and goes… [whispering] Hey, Dad. [louder] You believe in time travel? By the way, its two in the morning. Im high as shit, and I really do believe in time travel. [laughing] Part of mes like, This is a perfect time to have this conversation! Yes, baby. Why? She goes, Is it possible… that I could come back from the future to tell myself a secret? Im like… [moaning excitedly] This is how it starts! I go, Yes baby, why? She goes, Thats all I needed to know. Good night, and leaves! Leaves! Leaves me spiraling… [crowd laughing] …certain that theres a 30-year-old version of my daughter in her bedroom going, What did he say? [roaring] Good to see you again, Ila. I told you so. Listen, we got a busy night. Dads gonna die. Hes had too much marijuana. [crowd laughing] Were gonna save his life. First, I need you to get your deodorant and put in the refrigerator. Time travel smells like shit. Were going to rub it under our noses. [crowd laughing and clapping] [crowd continues laughing and cheering] Secret time. [man in crowd] Yeah! The reason she rubs under her nose is because… [laughs] she cant trust that youll wear deodorant. [crowd laughing] So dont worry about deodorant, guys. Ilas got you covered. Why do you keep it in the refrigerator? She goes, Ah, its refreshing. And then one morning, I put mine in there before my shower, and came out and, deodorant, not antiperspirant, deodorant. [laughs] And then got out and put it on, I was like, This feels fucking awesome. Put it back in the refrigerator. She sees. She goes, Yo. Big guy. Name on the cap and on the base. Lets not get them confused. [laughing] [crowd laughing and cheering] You ever look at your family as a team? And go, Wow, we suck dick as a team. I thought wed be stronger than this. We went zip-lining, the whole family went zip-lining, and we get there and I start looking at other families sizing us up, going, Shit, those parents look like they do CrossFit. Then I look at me and my wife, and go, We look like crossing guards, and then you start beating your wife up in your head. Not out loud, just in your head. Youre like, What the fuck you wearing water shoes for? Were going zip-lining. Wheres the water? With socks! Who wears water shoes and socks? Im on TV, bitch! Step up your fucking game. [crowd laughing] My kids look homeless. And they dont listen to any of the instructions, because apparently the first rule of zip-lining at this place we went was, When in doubt, spread em out. Now, everyone else heard that as instruction. My daughters hear it and start laughing their brand new tits off. [crowd laughing] Georgias like, Yo, they wanna see our va-jays? Im like, No, thats not what this is. Ilas like, You gotta know me a while before you see my va-jay. Im like, Who have you shown your va-jay to? [crowd laughing] Georgias like, Thats our new catch phrase. When in doubt, spread them out! Im like, No, its not. I am not sending you to the high school, the old ‘When in doubt spread em out, girls. This is how little my children were paying attention. When you go zip-lining, you clip in. Thats how you stay safe. You clip in. Once you clip in, you cant fall out of the trees, but thats your spot for the whole day. Ila is paying such little attention, she clips into the middle of a Vietnamese family. [crowd laughing] I see her walk up the stairs with them, and Im like, Yo, Tigerlily, where the fuck are you going? She was like, Oh, I dont know these people. I was like, No shit. Enjoy your afternoon with the Tats! They get up to the top, the two Vietnamese parents go, then one of their kids, then its Ilas turn. Guide looks at her, like, Uh… Are you ready to go? She goes, Where? [crowd laughing] Hes like, zip-lining. Shes like, Whats zip-lining? Hes like, Is she serious? My wifes like, She hasnt been listening at all. Hes like, Young lady, do you know what to do? And she goes, Oh, yeah. When in doubt, spread em out. Jumps, and is hauling ass through the tree line like a hawk in heat, just… [high-speed sounds] Theyre on the other side, like, Slow down! Shes like, No! Coming in hot, bitches! [crowd laughing] Hits the bumpers, goes up into the rigging, and racks her va-jay… and it gets real, just… [moaning] Treetop to treetop, like Tarzans having an orgasm. [moaning] Theres nothing we can do. No one speaks English over there. We gotta wait for Pikachu to go. [crowd laughing] Asian kid gets up, he kills it. Asians always kill it. Hes slowing himself down with one hand. Hes got the other hand free. He caught a dove. He sticks it, then my oldest, Georgia, gets up. Looks over the edge and goes… Oh, Im not doing this. I go, Yeah, you are. She goes, No, its too high. Can you have them lower it, Daddy? I go, You want them to lower a tree, Johnny Appleseed? Youre dumber than your fucking sister. No, theyre not lowering the tree, Georgia. This is what we signed up for. She goes, But I dont wanna go. I go, But theres 30 people behind us and youre clipped in front of them. You have to go. This is an analogy for life. Sometimes in life, youll make a decision, and you gotta stick with it. I clipped into your mom 14 years ago. [crowd laughing out loud] Take a look at that outfit. [crowd laughing] You think I want to be here with Napoleon Dynamite? No, so man up, Rambo. Your sisters embedded in Charlie, and we need to extract her. [crowd laughing and clapping] [crowd cheering] [Bert laughs] The guide looks at me, he goes, I can just push her. I go, Oh, fucking push her. He pushes her, she goes, she racks her va-jay… [moaning] Then, my wife gets up. Now, in all fairness, my wife has seen two chicks take it to the puss. [crowd laughing] So she slows herself down so much, she doesnt even make it to the other side. And this is what Im watching: my wife, 250 feet in the sky, socks, water shoes, Target jean shorts, muffin-topping out of her harness, trying to kick her body… [crowd laughing and clapping] …in the momentum. My daughters are holding their vaginas like two POWs. And I have a moment of clarity where I realize, This is my SEAL Team Six. Wow, this is how the Kreischers handle adversity. The guy thats this yoked out 24-year-old, hes like, Dont worry, Ill go get her, slides out to her like a mountaineering pimp. Spins her so theyre facing each other, wraps what my wifes already deemed as his aggressive calves around her hips… and then proceeds to shimmy fuck her… [crowd laughing and cheering] [crowd continues laughing and clapping] …all the way back to us. She wraps her legs around him and is smiling ear to fucking ear! Looks at the group and goes, Ladies, when in doubt spread em out! [crowd clapping] Shes a good mom. Secret time: one time… One time, I was going down on my wife, and I thought, I wonder if I wrap my lips around her entirely and just go, Ho! [singing] Hi-ho! That would work, right? Dont ever try to do something you saw on a porn in your bedroom. [laughing] I did this move, Ive seen it 100 times. Where you, like, hit it from the side, you know? And Im doing it, and all of a sudden, my wife looks at me, she goes, Are you trying to show this to someone? [crowd laughing] Im like, Oh, they only do this for the camera angle. [laughing] Once I saw a porn, it was girl on girl. Thats the holy grail, right? What theyre doing, is theyre– Why am I licking my hand? [crowd laughing] Anyway… Theyre down there, and theyre tapping on the top of the key. You know what Im talking about? Up at the three pointers? Like theyre looking for U-boats, just… [crowd laughing] So I see this sober, try it drunk, big mistake. Four Titos in, I go down on my wife, Im like, Shit, I got that move. I hear that voice in my head, though. Slap that bitch in the pussy, son! Ping! [moaning] Shes moaning. It must be working. Survey says, Ping! [crowd laughing hysterically] She told all our friends. We got these four families we hang out with. We call ourselves The Campers. Its the Grusons, the Fromkins, the Hayslips and the Kreischers. Should call ourselves the Nazis, with those names. Its fun, you can… Like, were all shitty parents… [laughing] …so no one calls each other on their shit. [laughing] One time, were in Palm Springs, right? All four families. Oh, its perfect. All the kids are the same age. Theyre running around on the fairway. All the parents are up by the condo having white wine, so we feel skinny. And then all of a sudden, my oldest, Georgia, comes marching up the hill with a bee in her bonnet, like, Mom, Dad… Ilas cursing. And you can see my wifes had a couple glasses of wine, shes like, A-ha. I go, Dont worry. Ill parent this. I go, Hey, Georgia, how about not being such a fucking snitch? [crowd laughing] Thats your little sister down there. You need to team up with her. You need to have her back. You should be supporting her. You should be cursing with her, like, ‘Fuck it, suck it, you know? Light a homeless guy on fire. Whatever kids do. She looks at all the parents like, No ones going to stop this horrible parenting right now? But my wifes had two glasses of wine, and shes like, Yeah, Take the stick out of your ass, bitch! [crowd laughing] Georgia looks at all of us, like, Okay, I guess Im sorry? I apologize. I just thought you guys would want to know shes saying the N-word, and were like, Holy shit! All of us are like… And I get in front of them, like, Hold on, maybe shes singing it. Shes probably just singing it. Like, you can sing it. You totally can. If you buy the album, you can definitely sing it. You cant sing it if youre doing yard work, like, Oh, Im the hardest working… Right? [crowd laughing] [laughing] So… So we go down and we get down there, Im like, What the fuck is going on down here? And Lily Fromkin stands up, she goes, Max, Carter, and Ila are all saying the N-word. Im like, What, are you recruiting people, Ila? I go, Baby, you cannot say that word. She goes, Calm down, Dad. I can say it. I go, No, you fucking cant. She goes, Actually, Dad, I can. The teacher said you can say it if you are one. And all the parents like, You cant! I go, Actually I think that is the rule. I just dont know how that applies to you and two Jewish kids. [crowd laughing] And she stands up, looks me in the eyes, and goes, Dad… Im a nerd, Max is a nerd, and Carter is a nerd, and were like, Oh, you think the N-words nerd? And all the kids are like, Yeah, what do you think it is? And were like, Oh, its nerd. My nerds! Its nerd. And we laughed hysterically at just how innocent our kids are, they dont even know the N-word. How great a parent are we? I put that shit on Facebook! Of course, the whole night, anytime a black guy walked by, I was like, Nerd alert. [crowd laughing] The next day, were in the Lazy River, me, Eric Gruson, and Stephen Fromkin, and were floating behind moms that are younger and hotter than our wives. Just letting them know the tigers still got claws. [crowd laughing] [Bert laughs] Georgia comes kicking up on an inner tube, shes like, Dad! Ilas cursing again, I go, Baby, I thought we talked about this. She goes, Well, I thought youd wanna know shes saying the C-word, and these women are like, Oh, my God! I go, Wait, ladies. Weve been through this. Georgia, whats the C-word? Shes like, Cunt! [crowd laughing] Nailed it! That is definitely the C-word. Hasnt changed, has it, ladies? Whew! Thatll wake you up, huh? I was laughing so hard, I couldnt parent the situation. And were in a Lazy River. These ladies have to keep up with us. So by the time we get to Ila, whos still saying it at the top of her lungs, like shes auditioning for a Guy Ritchie movie. Lets try another line: Like she just worked with Chelsea Handler. Anyway… [laughing out loud] Shes not on Netflix anymore. Were fine. By the time we get to Ila, whos still saying it at the top of her lungs, Ila, you gotta stop saying that word. Shes like, Why? I go, Its a horrible word. She goes, Whats it mean? I go, You dont even know what it means? Shes like, No, I heard someone say it, and its a fun word to say. Me, Eric and Steven are like, You got that right. [crowd clapping] She goes, Dad, whats it mean? Im like, Huh… Well… lets go ask Erics wife. Shes one. Shell tell you. [crowd laughing out loud] [Bert laughs] She is, too. I swear to God. She is. Dont worry, I cleared this with her. The second I said that, Erics like, If you tell that on stage, I would definitely run that by Lynn. So that night at dinner, I tell the story and say, Lynn, I want to tell that on stage, but the end of it… Lynn Gruson is her name if you wanna google her. [crowd laughing] I go, At the end of it, I call you the C-word. Would that bother you? She was like, No, why would it? And everyone at the tables like, Uh… [crowd laughing] She goes, Its a joke, right? I was like, Yeah. [crowd laughing] Yeah, its a joke. I leaned over her husband. I was like, I feel like the kid from The Sixth Sense. She doesnt know, does she? Heres the amazing part about that night, is we got into a conversation with our wives, and my wife said that the C-word is the N-word for women, and I was like, Youre wrong. I go, Sluts the N-word for women. She goes, No, dont tell me what my N-word is. Its C-word. I go, So youre telling me youd rather be called a slut than a cunt, and she went, Yeah. She goes, ‘Cause I know Im not a slut, and I was like, Okay… [crowd laughing] …then by your math, you definitely are a cunt? And I learned a very valuable lesson that night. If you call your wife a cunt in public, no matter how hard she tries to stop it, she immediately becomes one. [laughing] She was like, What did you just call me? I was like, Its happening right now. You guys see this? This is happening. But heres the disconnect, is that men find that sexy. Like, men definitely find… Every man in here is like, Im with a little hint of cunt. I think its hot. Theres nothing sexier as a man, than to watch your chick flex her cunt. [crowd laughing] When youre not in the cross hairs, if you know what I mean. Like when a contractor talks down to her cause shes a woman, You wouldnt know anything about that, maam. And youre like, Oh, bro, you just summoned the cunt. [crowd laughing] This isnt like Candyman. You just got to say it once. [in Spanish] Hey! Look! Come here, please! [in Spanish] A cunt-o here, now! [in Spanish] Look! Cunt-o! Cunt-o. [crowd clapping] I got to be honest with you. Im all for this whole conversation that were having with men and women, and women talking up and men listening, cause I never listened before. I never listen, and now I listen, but sometimes, my family gangs up on me. Like the other night, were at dinner, and Georgia says, Youre a misogynist. Im like, No, Im not. LeeAnns like, Actually, we were talking about it. You are. I go, Excuse me? And then Georgia says, We dont like the way you talk to Alexa. [crowd laughing] Are you kidding me right now? She goes, We just think if it was a man, youd treat it with more respect. I said, Its not a man or a woman. Its a cylinder I bought, and Ill throw it in the fucking pool. And then one night, I get into a fight with Alexa. [laughing] Its my fault. Im drunk, right? Im really drunk, and Im calling her Siri for like, two hours. [crowd laughing] Turn on the fucking pool lights! And then I realize, Im like, Alexa! And the one in the bedroom turns on, [yelling] Bitch, shut up! Im not talking to you! Alexa, clean the shit out of your ears and turn on the fucking pool lights! My wife comes in. Shes like, Who are you yelling at? I was like, No one. Isnt that right, Alexa? Alexas like, Yeah, I fell. [crowd laughing and clapping] Hes a good man, LeeAnn. Its my fault. The pool lights are on, Bert. If you think about it, though, if Alexa was a man, if Alexa was a black mans voice, youd treat it with more respect. [laughs] Dude, lets talk about black people. Here we go. Dont worry. Were gonna be fine. I love black people. I like black people more than anyone in here. ‘Cause I have had an opportunity to do something that none of you white people will ever get, and that is make a room of 400 black people laugh. My favorite thing in the world is making a black guy laugh in public when he doesnt expect it and doesnt know Im a comedian. I made a black guy laugh so hard on the plane I thought Id killed him. [crowd laughing] Were sitting on the tarmac before takeoff. Were both drinking double Jacks on the rocks. I was thinking, Were gonna run out of Jack. [sighs] Secret time: I carry four in my bag at all times. Secret time. [laughing] On the screen in front of us, little factoids are popping up. Little travel factoids like, Dutch people are the tallest in the world and Dutch women average over 57. Me and him are taking in the information. Were not talking, but were both looking at the information, like, Huh… Hes like, Oh. Next factoid comes up: The average annual rainfall in Phoenix is eight inches. I touch him on the arm, I go, That may not seem like a lot to you… [crowd laughing and clapping] …but they got two inches on me, big guy. [crowd laughing] He was taking a sip, and spit whiskey out of his nose. And then started choking and I was like, Oh shit, I killed him. He pulls his shit together, grabs me by the arm, and he goes, Do that the whole flight. [crowd laughing] I was like, Youre sitting next to the right guy. Any time he took a sip, Id just lean over and go, How does someone become an abortion doctor? Huh? Is there really someone in med school thinking, [doubting] ‘Well, I want to work with kids but… [crowd laughing] I wanna meet chicks who fuck, you know? Whiskey out the nose. Take a sip, Hey, do you think on 9/11, someone at corporate 7-Eleven was like, ‘That was close. Missed that by two months. [crowd laughing] That could have been bad for the brand considering our employees… Hashtag, inside job. [crowd laughing] I remember the first time I made black people laugh. I was 13 years old. I want to Rollie Massimino basketball camp at Villanova. [crowd cheering] Yep. [crowd cheering and clapping] This was one of the camps back in the 80s where theyd recruit inner city kids to come play, and then the Big East coaches would scout them, or if you were white, your dad could pay $5,000, and you could go. Its called white privilege. Heres the important thing about white privilege. Not every white guy has it. Like, he definitely didnt have it. [crowd laughing] Nor did he, or him with the chest tattoo, or… Not a lot of white privilege in Philly, Ive noticed. [crowd laughing] If you ever want to experience what its like to have white privilege, to be a white male in America, very simple: Rent a jet ski. [crowd laughing] You dont need a license, instructions, a resume, recommendations. You just get on and fucking kill it. [engine sounds] And if you fuck up and fall, you dont get hurt. Youre like, My dad will get me a job in the bank! [speeding up] So, first day of basketball camp, I go up for a rebound, very first game, and I get knocked unconscious. Apparently white privilege doesnt go hard in the mother fucking paint. Get taken to Bryn Mawr General, throw up on my dick, its a long story. Come back to camp the next day, and Coach Massimino pulls me aside. He goes, You cant play. You got a concussion last night. Im gonna make you sit out between these two young men. 67, 65, both black dudes. He goes, They got caught smoking marijuana last night. So you sit in between them, and if they start screwing around, you stop it. [crowd laughing] I was like, Bro, you got the wrong guy for the job. Secret time: I threw up on my dick last night. But heres what happened. Is because he sat me in between them, everyone at camp thought I got caught smoking weed with them. As if two inner city teenagers, 16, 17 years old, woke up in the middle of the night, and one was like… Pssst! [deep voice] Ray-Ray. You wanna get high? [high-pitched voice] Hell yeah, I wanna get high. You got weed? You know I got weed. You got a lighter? You know I got a lighter. You wanna wake up this little white kid? [crowd laughing] Ray-Ray, you know my three favorite things in the world is basketball, weed, and white kids. Yo, white boy. Hey, white boy. White boy… [laughing] White boy, you wanna get high? I was like, You know I wanna get high. So by proxy, everyone thought I was cool. -By proxy? Yeah. -[woman in crowd] Yes. I do that with words a lot, where I dont know the meaning, but it sounds right. My wifes doing that with the word bukkake right now. [crowd laughing] Ah, I got so bukkaked at the Ford dealership. I was like, Really? [crowd laughing] Remind me to drop the truck off next time. So by proxy, I was all of a sudden cool as shit. Now, middle of camp, a guy by the name of Ralph Sampson shows up. For those of you who dont know, Ralph Sampson was 74. He was the center for the Houston Rockets, who had played at the University of Virginia. All-star, all-pro. Just a badass black dude, 74. Shows up in camp, and hes like, Gentlemen… today, Im here to give you a speech. We all jump on the gym floor and sit down. Hes like, Im going to give you a speech about discipline and how to achieve your goals. Now, first up, who in here parties? I thought we were all gonna put our hands up. [crowd laughing] But that is not what happened. I put my hand up, and Ralph Sampson looks at me, and he goes, How do you party? Valid question for a 13-year-old. I thought he wanted an answer, So I said, I party hardy. [crowd laughing] Ralph Sampsons like, What did you say? I thought he didnt hear me. So I articulated and said it louder, which sounds like Im barking down a grown man. I said, ‘I party hardy! No ones laughing, but 67 and 65 are shaking like the dude from Get Out. Just… [shaking mouth sounds] Ralph Sampsons pissed. Hes supposed to give an hour-long speech, and he just lost the room 13 seconds in to a 13-year-old who parties hardy, and apparently isnt afraid of giants. [crowd laughing] He walks through the sea of kids, stepping over seven children at a time. Stands over me to intimidate me, and he goes, How do you party hardy? Once again, I thought he wanted an answer. So I look past his dick and said… With both hands. Now black dudes are losing their minds silently. Theyre touching each other, going, Oh, shit! He says he parties hardy with both hands! To Ralph Sampson! Hell yeah! We call him Double Dribble. [crowd laughs] Ralph Sampson is irate. He stands up me, 67, and 65, and marches us to the front of the camp. Then he takes basketballs and shoves them behind our legs, buckling our knees, and says, Hold them there. So now were holding basketballs behind our legs. He puts our arms out, and he puts basketballs on our fingertips. And he goes, Youre gonna stand like that for my whole speech until you realize partying is no way to live your life, and he proceeds to give his speech. Look… you dont have to pay for the camp. Ill tell you what the speech was. Ralph Sampson never learned how to swim. I know what youre thinking. Dont think it. [crowd laughing and clapping] One summer, Ralph Sampsons mom got him swim lessons, and that summer, Ralph made a decision that changed the direction of his life. He decided that summer, If I dont mess around with the other stuff that isnt important in my life, like partying and chasing girls and hanging out with the guys and swimming, then I can achieve my dream, which is playing in the NBA. So he didnt learn how to swim, and that, ladies and gentlemen, is in Ralphs opinion, how he got to the NBA. [laughs] By the way, nowhere in this horseshit speech did he ever slide in, Oh, and I also grew to the freakish height of 74, cause I have a pituitary problem. Even at 13 years old, Im calling bullshit on the speech, going, Who the fuck needs to learn how to swim when youre 74? Stand up anywhere in the pool, youre still 14 inches out of the water. [crowd laughing and clapping] Polo. [crowd laughing] And then, in the middle of his speech, he focuses in on me, the obvious swimmer of the three of us. [crowd laughing] And he jumps on me. He goes, You think youll ever have a beer again? I was just caught off guard, and I was like, Probably. [crowd laughing] Hes like, What? I go, If I mow the yard or something. Hes like, What? I go, If I mow the yard, I might want a beer. I dont know, man. He looks at 67, he goes, You think youll ever smoke weed again? 67 looks at me like, You mother… Probably. [crowd laughing] Ralphs like, What? He goes, If I mow the yard or something. Now the room is teetering. The fuse has been lit, but the bomb hasnt gone off yet, and Ralph steps back, looks at the three of us, and goes, Have you boys learned anything? 67 and 65 look at me. I look at Ralph, and I go, You cant swim. [crowd laughing] Boom. Boom. Boom. Thank you so much, Philadelphia! [crowd clapping and cheering] Thank you so much, Philadelphia! [crowd cheering] When I was 22, I got involved with the Russian Mafia. Heres how it happened. Thank you so much, Philadelphia! Have a great night! [crowd cheering] [rock music playing]

DEMETRI MARTIN@THE OVERTHINKER@2018@[cheering, applause] [Demetri] Man, that was a good improv. Im so glad I asked for notes. I think my favorite animal to look at is probably the squirrel. [man] Yeah! You know what I mean? ‘Cause any squirrel, if you watch em long enough, theres a moment where they suddenly realize theyre late for something. [laughter] Shit! I gotta go. Excuse me. What? [laughter] Thats a whole species thats behind schedule. Theyre terrible at keeping their calendar. Probably the most flammable of the small animals would be the squirrel as well. [laughter] The tail. I mean, its a… [Demetri] All right, that worked pretty well. Its a good room. Got my water. Mic stand feels good. Solid. Looks like Ive got enough fake fog. Thats important. Maybe show my name. Okay. Anything else? Title? Yeah. All right. This should be fun. What was I gonna say? Oh, yeah. Ive noticed that you can carry around a plastic bag with shit in it. Um… if youre near a dog, you can have a bag of shit. As long as youre with a dog, its like, Hes got a bag of shit. Thats fine. [laughter] If you dont have a dog, then we have a problem. You cant just… ? Tu-tu-ru-tu-ru-tu-ru ? Hey, hey, hey. Whoa, whoa. You gotta be holding that for a friend. You cant just have shit. [laughter] How weird is that from the dogs perspective? I mean… Pick it up and collect it. You know what I mean? They must be kind of just like, No! [laughter] Leave that. You dont want that. Just… What is he doing? This fucking psycho is collecting my shit. We probably seem the craziest of all the animals. From their perspective, when they look at our behavior. You know what I mean? ‘Cause– If we show up places we dont belong… I dont feel like any other animal really does that, but we do that, you know? Like scuba diving. [laughter] Im sure fish swim by and theyre like, What the fuck are you doing here? [laughter] Look at yourself. And were like… -[mimics breathing under water] -[laughter] Those are not your feet. Get the hell out of here. Come on. Youve got all the land. Really? I mean… Skydiving. Im sure birds are like, That ones gonna die. Did you see that? [laughter] Wow. That was dumb. I mean, bird watching, thats gotta be creepy for birds. I mean… [laughter] What are we doing? These birds are hanging out. We ignore them most of the time. Suddenly some fat couple from Ohio is just obsessed with a bird. [laughter] The birds like… What? Me? Are you happy? Piss off. What do you want? Should I shit on him? Yeah. If you have some, get over there. [laughter, clapping] I wouldnt be surprised if the birdbath was invented by some sort of bird pervert. I mean… [laughter] Some guys in his kitchen looking out there, Oh, yeah, splash around in there, birds. [laughter] Thats it. Some naked birds bathing together for my entertainment. Thats it. Oh, yeah. Wash up, bird. Its just disgusting, man. Its like an open-top Turkish bath. I mean, theres no privacy for the birds. Some people own birds. Thats… Thats a power move, Ill tell you that. You know what I mean, like, Hey, theres something that can fly. Im gonna change that. [laughter] I think Ill put that in my kitchen, yeah. Just like low-grade villain behavior. My own personal prisoner in my kitchen in a cage. There we go. I think my favorite holiday is Halloween. Its my favorite, yeah. [cheering] Thats a good holiday because you dont have to celebrate that with your family. [laughter] You never hear, What are you doing for Halloween? I gotta fly back East and go trick-or-treating with my parents. [laughter] That sucks. They got a divorce. I gotta bring two different costumes this year. [laughter] I like reading. Im a big reader. I, uh… I feel like I just end up reading everything. I dont know. Like the other day, I was in my kitchen, I opened a drawer and I pulled out the Reynolds Wrap, and ended up reading the box of Reynolds Wrap. It said, Reynolds Wrap, trusted since 1947. I thought, Oh, thats interesting. Trusted. What an interesting word to use that is. [laughter] It implies some sort of dark past for Reynolds. [laughter] Trusted since 47. Founded in 37. [laughter] First ten years, some shady shit going on with Reynolds. You couldnt trust them, I guess. Did you get tinfoil? Yeah. Open the box. Shit. Theres just pebbles in here. This is… Foiled! [laughter, applause] A-ha! [chuckles] I read everything. I was reading a beach ball last summer at a pool party. I guess I was having a great time at the party and… Im sitting there, reading a beach ball. It says on the ball, Warning: This is not a life-saving device. Im like, Okay, theres definitely a story here. [laughter] Some guys drowning, Get the beach ball! Just pelt the guy with the beach ball. I appreciate the effort, Im having fun, but Im dying here, you see? I need the donut of this. This is the donut hole of what I need. I need the donut, so I can live, okay? Thank you. Donut hole is the most disgusting-sounding thing that tastes the best to me. I put a ladyfinger in a donut hole and its totally fine. [laughter] Donut hole is interesting cause its the thing we call as a donut hole that we took out of the donut. And then the hole itself that was left, the absence of a donut hole is the donut hole. So its kind of a paradox. Its like it is and not is at the same time. Thats impossible, the donut hole. Its kind of… [laughter] Video Playerhttp://scrapsfromtheloft.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/08/Demetri-Martin.-The-Overthinker-2018-Donut-Hole.mp4Media error: Format(s) not supported or source(s) not foundDownload File: http://scrapsfromtheloft.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/08/Demetri-Martin.-The-Overthinker-2018-Donut-Hole.mp4?_=100:0000:0000:00Use Up/Down Arrow keys to increase or decrease volume.   I like cupcakes. Thats a great dessert. Kind of awkward to eat a cupcake, though. Know what I mean? One of the only desserts you have to peel the underwear off if you want to eat it. You have to… undress the cupcake, and its kind of a swamp-ass under there. Am I gonna eat this sweaty-ass dessert here? Is this for me? Yes, I am. Im gonna eat this swamp-ass pastry. Im gonna have a cupcake after the show. Definitely. I have a book idea. I wanna write an autobiography that turns into a biography. Ive never seen a book like that before, so… Yeah, so the first three or four chapters would be about, like, my childhood. And then, like, in chapter four, I would just casually mention Benjamin Franklin. Id say something like, Speaking of Franklin… Then the whole rest of the book is about Benjamin Franklins life. [laughter] You get to the end and youre like, That freaking nerd tricked me into learning about Benjamin Franklin. [laughter] [softly] Damn it. When people dont sleep well, they say they tossed and turned. And, um, Ive definitely had rough nights where I… I turn a lot in my sleep, know what I mean? But Ive never slept so poorly that I ended up like, lightly throwing things around the room. [laughter] Its 4:00 in the morning, and Im like, Oh, shit. Im tossing. Stop it. The hell am I doing? Go to sleep, man. Stop it. Youre tossing. Stop it. [laughter] You wake up the next day and theres crap everywhere. Im like, Oh, my God. I slept very poorly. And why do I own so many beanbags? This is making it worse. I was driving when I saw a guy, he was driving a convertible and he was wearing a hoodie. Its like, wow, this guy loves convertibles. Hes got two of them on. [laughter] Hes got a little personal convertible inside the big one. I think itd be cool when you have a baby to put the babys bottle in a paper bag, like a discreet little… paper bag, you know. Babies just drinking all the time anyway. Plus when they try to walk, they look kind of like… [laughter] [mimics baby retching] The baby has a dirty suit on, which I didnt mention, so its kind of like a little wino with a little bit of scruff. I was thinking recently that rapper is kind of a weird job title for someone, to call them a rapper. You know what I mean? Using that word. ‘Cause it sounds like a word we already have like a, you know, candy wrapper or something. I know its spelled differently but, you know, sounds the same. Then I realized, well, the alternative is rappist. -So… -[laughter] Yeah, I think rapper was the right choice. The other day I was thinking, its where I was thinking, I tend to overthink things. And then I thought, Do I, though? I mean… [laughter] Maybe I do. I dont know. Its hard to say how much thinking counts as overthinking. Whats the threshold? You never really get a sense of how much any one person thinks. But… Yeah, I guess right now Im technically overthinking. Seems appropriate because… You know, this is the middle of a joke about overthinking. So… But I think back to my own childhood and I can think of times when I was trying to almost, like, figure things out. You know what I mean? Trying to, like, strategize. I dont have a lot of memories like that but I can remember certain times as a kid. Like, I was at a birthday party and it came the time for the kid to blow out his candles. I would sneak in my own wish. Right at that moment when he blew out the candles. I… you know, I was thinking, I dont know if theres a wishing radius or portal or something, you know… Some sort of, like, a magical moment. Anybody can make a wish, actually. Once those candles are blown out, like, thats your chance. Its people are just not taking advantage of it. Oh, yeah, maybe me, too. Some kid would blow out his candles, Id be like, Me too. I dont know what I was thinking like theres some sort of Wish Fulfilment Bureau. Theyre like, We got another birthday wish here. Oh, yeah? Actually two came in. Oh, twins? No. Just some other kid decided to piggyback, it was open. [laughter] Well, how close to the cake is he standing? Five feet. Thats good. Hes in the circle. [chuckles] Give him his wish. He beat the system. And Im like, Yes! All right. Whats next? Maybe Ill do the drawings now. Yeah. Okay. Video Playerhttp://scrapsfromtheloft.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/08/Demetri-Martin.-The-Overthinker-2018-Drawings.mp4Media error: Format(s) not supported or source(s) not foundDownload File: http://scrapsfromtheloft.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/08/Demetri-Martin.-The-Overthinker-2018-Drawings.mp4?_=200:0000:0000:00Use Up/Down Arrow keys to increase or decrease volume.   These are some drawings. [cheering, applause] I wanna start with the design Im working on. T-shirts are pretty popular for a long time, um… This is a P-shirt, so its based on a letter P, rather than the T. Sleeveless on this side and this… sleeve is attached. So, if youre impatient, its a good shirt, like, Can we go? Come on. [laughter] The P-shirt. [laughter] You know, sometimes I get a feeling about a letter. And they just dont hit me right. I dont know what it is. Like M always felt a little weird to me, and I just recently figured out what it is. I think M is very aggressive. [laughter] [mumbling] Spread-eagle, you know? The W is even worse. [laughter] Very bony-ass face-plant. Probably the worst would be the A. [laughter] Its the A-hole as you can see in here. [laughter] Very flirtatious, this guy. [chuckles] The dollar sign doesnt look like the symbol for money to me. This doesnt look like money. This looks like the perfect symbol for shish kebab. [laughter] I love Christmas cookies. [woman] Yeah! Yeah, I love the sugar cookies with the different color icing and everything. Its exciting every time Christmas comes around, you get to have these cookies and theyre in all the stores. It is frustrating though. Because then, Christmas season ends and, you know, they vanish, you cant have them anymore. But, I think we could have these cookies year-round if we just, kind of reframe the cookies a little bit, you know. Even in the summer time, youll be like, Hey, I got some pine tree cookies here. If anybody wants a, you know, forest-based cookie, its just a pine tree or a non-denominational star if anyones interested in a star cookie. [laughter] Could I have another girl with a fucked-up back cookie? Those are… [laughter] The saggy hunchbacks are delicious. Do you have any more of those fat, hipster burglar cookies? [laughter] If youre trying to learn how to read music, you might know this. There are mnemonic devices to learn where the notes are, kind of on the clef here, so, uh… You know, Every Good Boy Does Fine is something they tell you. I think we can do better. I think there are other ways to remember this. More memorable ways. Maybe, Elephants Go Bald Daily. Fuck. [laughter] Eating Gas? Bad Diarrhea Farts. [laughter] Entire Generation Blows. Damn it, Facebook. [cheering, applause] Or tell them just to spell the word egg but dont finish. E, G, But Dont Finish. [laughter] Smart. This is a magicians to do list. Uh… its pretty simple. To Do. Ta Da. Okay, done. Its cool when you see a magician pull a rabbit out of a hat. Thats cool. What would even be cooler would be to see him pull a hat out of a rabbit. [laughter] And then a rabbit out of that hat. There we go. [laughter, applause] Ass rabbit. [chuckles] Its a classic a balloon. Its a boy. If somebody has a boy. Thats a… Thats a classic. We live in different times now. Were in much more gender fluid times. You dont wanna assume anything. I think what might be safer now would be, Its alive! [laughter, applause] Well see how the child does. You know what I mean? Instead of Get well soon. Maybe Stay alive! I think thats… [laughter] Thats a good balloon there. I tell you what doesnt work is, Stay a boy! [laughter] You cant do that. This is my favorite abbreviation of all abbreviations that people have come up with. TBD, because this meant what it means before… it meant what it means. It was always TBD before– You know what I mean? So… [laughter] Now heres a graph. This is how that joke just did. You see? Thats… [laughter, applause] This is what I expected. This is the… So we have a problem. Theres a differential here. This is where I live. Its like right in here. Its pretty much my life. Okay. Okay. Now, laughing and peeing have a pretty interesting relationship, I think, this is a… [laughter] Kind of group dynamics, really. You know what I mean? If you laugh in a group, thats okay. Yeah, thats great. If you laugh alone, crazy. I think thats pretty crazy. If I see somebody just laughing, you know, on his own, on the street, This guys gonna kill me. You cant just– Youre not allowed to just laugh. Peeing is kind of the opposite. So if you… pee alone, thats okay. I think thats really how its intended. Thats a private thing, really, Its your own peeing time, um… Peeing in a group, thats crazy. I think, if you need, you know, a bunch of people, Were all here? I can pee now. Thank you. Lets just do this. If you laugh so hard that it makes you pee in a group… thats great. Thats okay. Youre having a great time. [laughter] If you laugh so hard that it makes pee alone, definitely a lunatic. I cant think of anybody– Anything that funny that you cant control yourself when youre alone, and actually pee on yourself, this is… If you pee and then laugh, [laughter] alone, crazy, I think. [laughs] Asparagus! [laughter] Its not funny like that, really, I think. Pee and then laugh in a group, thats the craziest. Thats– Thats a cult. Were just peeing on a corpse. [laughs] We did it! Complicated. Okay. This is a good sign, I think, for a strip club during the daytime. [laughter, applause] Sorry were clothed. I wonder what the drawings look like from the balcony. Oh, okay. Here we have an Out of Order sign thats out of order, so… [laughter] That doesnt work, you see. Which makes it work. This is just me saying this. [cheering, applause] Here we have a graph. Parties. This is… how fun the party is based on the type of party. Toga party, very fun. Birthday party, also fun. A house party, fun. Big drop-off for search party. So… [laughter] Much less fun, traditionally, a search party. So were looking for a body. Okay. Thats… more of a get-together at best, Id say, than a party per se. Toga search party is a little bit more fun than the standard search party. We got a theme here, Hey, were Romans and this guys missing. [laughter] Heres a Venn diagram. This is a… Vacation activities. Enemas. Water skiing. Thats where they overlap. [laughter] Heres another Venn diagram. This is… tough guys and spandex. And the football is where they… [laughter] overlap right there. Finally, praying. We have a graph here. This is the amount people pray based on the location that theyre in. In the locker room before championship games, theres a lot of prayer going on. And church, even more. Kneeling in front of the toilet is off the charts. This is where people really… talk to God, usually. A lot of promises are made just right there. [laughter] In a Jacuzzi, very little. Not much prayer goes on in a… Jacuzzi situation. And things that pray. People and mantises. [laughter] Its a tie. -Its the end of the drawings. -[cheering, applause] All right. You know what? I wanna try something. [cheering, applause] Okay. [cheering, applause] [chuckles] That was kinda cool. What was my next bit? Oh, yeah. I find that my horoscope is a lot more accurate if I just live, like, less specifically. [laughter] I just live kind of a vague life. Its kinda like spot-on, you know. What are you doing tomorrow? Making some choices. [laughter] Youre such a Gemini. You know it, man. Thats me. [chuckles] Why do we have half sizes for shoes? Thats kinda weird. We could have picked twice as many numbers and then we wouldnt have had to have fractions in the shoe sizes, you know what I mean? It seems like a mistake. Maybe they picked the shoe sizes and then peoples feet got more specific somehow or something. Were all done with the shoe sizes. Excuse me, I dont fit in the nine or the ten. You gotta be fucking kidding me. [laughter] We just officialised all the numbers. Where were you? Shit. Were going to fractions. This is unbelievable. I cant– I think its cool that we have dashes in phone numbers. That was a good idea. Thats a good move. Itd be hard to get someones number without those little dashes in there. Whats your number? Ill give you a call. Oh, sure. Its 3,256,568– Whoa, whoa, whoa! Jesus Christ, man! Your numbers huge. This is crazy. Just forget it. I cant count that high to call you. [laughter] Its kind of cool that O and zero work so nicely together. I feel like O will just substitute for zero. Like, all the time and nobody has a problem with it. ‘Cause they look so alike. You know, somebody gets your number, 260-4050, whatever, you know. But you cant substitute 0 for O. It doesnt go the other way for some reason. Spell you first name for me. T-H-0-M-A-S. [laughter] The fuck, are you a robot? You cant have a zero on your name. Its kind of a one-way street, really, with the– I think its weird that they went to double digits so quickly with numbers. I mean, we literally have an infinite number of numbers. Theres so many numbers. But when they were coming up with the shapes, it was like somebody uncreative was working on the shapes or something cause they just… they just ran out of ideas quickly. You know what I mean? Even at nine, you could tell they were in trouble. They were like, uh… Maybe just flip the six? I dont know. [laughter] Im done, man. Im out. Just double them up from here or something. I dont know. Thats all I have. Okay? I like sports bars. Sports bars are great. They collect all the people I dont wanna hang out with and they put them in one room. [laughter] Yeah. Im not against sports. I dont have a problem with sports. Im just not good at it. Im not coordinated. Im not drawn to sports. I dont even look like someone who could spend time on a sports bar. I have a very punchable face in a sports bar. [laughter] Its not a good look. You know? This is not a sports nose. You know, I know what I look like. Maybe for swimming this is a good nose. If I just keep my face down in the water. Kind of a rudder, I can steady my head. [laughter] Its not an athletic look I have. I just learned recently that your nose and your ears are the only parts of your body that keep growing through your adult life. And I was like, You gotta be fucking kidding me. [laughter] Really? Okay. If I live long enough, this is gonna be a shit show, man. This is– [laughter] Here comes Grandpa. Hes got that little walker for his nose, just couple of wheels on the front of this thing. Roll it in. They should have a stationary bike at the gym thats in a wheelie position. [laughter] Itll be kinda cool. Im like, Yeah, Ill ride a wheelie for a half an hour. Shit, yeah. Ill get on that thing. Hello. [laughter] Or a Stairmaster that goes downstairs. Just one of them would be like, Im not pushing it today. Im just gonna go down, like, six flights of stairs. Im not a big workout guy. Ive gone to gyms, but it doesnt… doesnt take for me, you know. The gym is too intense. You ever make eye contact with somebody in the mirror at the gym? Its like way too intimate. That one bounce just makes it very personal. It doesnt help if you try to diffuse it by like, you know, encouraging the guy. Hes like, Hey, good job. What the fuck, man! [laughter] [sniffles] Uh… I have tried to work out, though, over the years. I have– I put some effort into it. Im the kind of person where I can make a really good plan. You know, I really do like charts and graphs and stuff. So make like a big poster by hand, I write it out. Monday, Wednesday, Friday. You know, chest and triceps. Tuesday, Thursday, back and biceps. And I got abs on this day and a whole program Ive worked out for myself. Done research and everything. I post it up on a cork board at my house and… Nice start. I come out of the gate pretty good. I can do like three days, five days, maybe a week. I dont think I ever made it to two weeks but I give it a shot. Then I lose steam, you know. It just doesnt happen for me and I get distracted, I do something else. Um, whats weird is Im old enough now that Ive repeated this pattern. I can see my behavior, like, this pattern repeating itself. Because I take before photos, too. I take– I get in the living room, you know, underwear, shorts, no shirt, just kinda… [laughter] You dont smile on the before photos. I kinda have this blank… And then after you work out, youre supposed to be like, Hey! Youve got a tan. Youre lathered up or whatever a few months later. I just never made it that far, it just never worked out. So, I just had a series of photos of myself… getting older in my underwear. Thats it. [laughter, applause] If somebody found the photos after I died, What was this guys fetish? What is this? [laughter] Just aging sadly in his living room? What the–? Sometimes on the news Ive noticed that reporters are kind of shitty to each other. Sometimes a reporter will introduce another reporter whos out in the field and just give away their whole story in their introduction. Now as Judy Wong reports down at the courthouse, theres a big protest. Judy? [laughter] Thanks, asshole. That was my story, I was gonna tell them that but you managed to give away the whole story before I can even speak. Back to you, motherfucker. [laughter] I was thinking the next time I buy a picture frame, I could bring a photo of myself and just slip it into the frame before I get to the register. [laughter] When shes ringing up halfway through, Id be like, What the…? [laughter] How did you get one of my before photos? [laughter] How do you market a cruise to people? That seems kind of hard. Hey, do you like hotels? Yeah. How about one that could sink? [laughter] Oh! [chuckles] I can drown in my bedroom? Wow! Okay. [laughter] I like that. Yeah, that does sound fun. Pretty close to the top of the list of ironic ways I would not wanna die would be to drown in the swimming pool on the deck of a cruise ship… [laughter] in the middle of the ocean. Do you hear about Demetri? Yeah, he drowned in the Pacific Ocean. No, he drowned on the Pacific Ocean. [laughter] Theres a boat there that was totally fine. He just found this one rectangle of water and it was in there that he managed to die. What an idiot. Thats terrible. Yeah. Pretty embarrassing. Balloons are great. You can use balloons for so many different things. But you cant grieve with balloons. They are… a little limited that way. You know what I mean? Like you cant show up to a funeral with a bunch of black balloons and be like, I am so sorry for your loss. [laughter] Oh, thank you, these are… beautiful. Guess Ill tie them to the casket. [laughter] Pop em when youre ready. When youre ready, just pop em. Oh, thank you. I appreciate that. Its weird to think about death because its the last thing that you do. Your last verb is you die. Thats the last thing you do. Unless you were body surfing, you could argue that you, you know, body surf for another 20 minutes after you die, but… I dont think that counts really. I dont know if thats you so much at that point. I think Im thirsty. Yep. Just get a quick drink. There we go. [cheering] Oh, that is warm. -[man] Water! -Its like Im drinking bath water. Its a hot crowd. Thats a good crowd. [laughs] [laughter] Whoo! How did your drinking water bit go? Oh, it went great, man. [laughter] They liked it. They like me a little bit thirsty for sure. [laughter] Whoo! Its amazing being in an audience. Its one of the few times that you can have a conversation like that. You say, Whoo! Like that totally counts as a… [laughter] Your side of the conversation. How you doing? Whoo! Having a good night? Woo-hoo! [audience] Whoo! Its totally cool. After the show, it would be kind of weird if I ran into you on the street… [laughter] Were you on my show? Whoo! [laughter] You okay? Woo-hoo! Do you have like a disorder? [softly] Whoo! [laughter] [softly] Whoo! Im sorry. [softly] Woo-hoo. [laughter] I wonder if anybody ever had a near-death experience that just rolled into, like, a regular death. [laughter] Do you what I mean? Like, youre in the OR… [mimics machine beeping, flatlines] All of a sudden you feel yourself leaving your body. Now youre in the tunnel and theres the bright light. Youre being drawn towards the light. Youre not even walking, youre just floating towards the light through the darkness. And you see a line of people waiting for you and you just feel love and warmth. And heres your grandmother, Hello. Welcome. [laughter] Across from her is your great-grandfather. Youve never met him but you know its him. Young man, its good to meet you. Welcome! Heres your dog when you were a kid… [mimics dog barking] But you can understand him. Hello. Congratulations, sir. Whatever they congratulate you when you die. [laughter] Some friend from high school, and a line of people smiling and waiting for you. And then suddenly, you freeze. [blowing] You start to go backwards. The light is fading. The line of people is receding. Your grandmothers like, Goodbye. It wasnt your time, goodbye! [mimics machine beeping] You feel yourself coming back into your body. Youre coming back. Something goes wrong. -[mimics machine flatlining] -[laughter] Now you gotta go back… [laughter] down the tunnel. Everybodys running back into position your grandmas like, Hello again… Your great-grandpas like, This is very unusual, young man. What are we doing here? Your dog like, [barks] What the fuck? And then… [chuckles] The lights in your eyes at the wrong angle, the guy is putting out a cigarette, Shit, this guy died! I dont have an ending for that joke, its just that… [laughter] The joke dies, just like we do. Its just that… [cheering, applause] Its okay. They should have positive uses for blow darts too. Like if you have to get your kid vaccinated. Go to the paediatrician, hes like, Would you like regular or a blow dart for the vaccination? Oh! Yeah, lets try a blow dart. That sounds good. The kids just like waiting on the table, doctor pops in… [blows] Ah! [cheering, applause] Sweetie, youre done! Thats it. Youre vaccinated. Everybody wins. The doctors like, I love my job. This is the best part of the day. [laughter] The parents like, Yes! Nailed it. And the kid has no fear, theres no anticipation leading up to, you know. Until the next time he has to… That is pretty much at the front door of the doctors office. The kids like, Where is he? [laughter] Which bit should I do next? Hmm… Uh… that one. This is called, Fascinating Facts. Some facts that I just wanna share with you. It is safer to fly in a plane than it is to fly in a car. [laughter] Drunk people are about 6,000 percent less interesting than they think they are. [laughter] The term for the very tip of the scissors is the snipples. [laughter] Pandas are biracial. [laughter] About 75 percent of German shepherds are dogs. [laughter] The other 25 percent are German shepherds. [laughter] White people are 50 times more likely than people of any other race use the word neat-o. [laughter] Due to global warming, the polar ice caps are now polar ice yarmulkes. [laughter] The most popular kind of prosthetic limb in the world is the dildo. [laughter] Wednesday is spelled wrong. [laughter] [applause] By simply adding a ponytail, a man can remove up to all of his credibility. [laughter] Nearly one half of all Americans are torsos. [laughter] The word hurdle comes from the Danish word meaning testicle paddle. [laughter] People who are vegan not only live longer theyre also more annoying. [laughter] New Jersey is the only state you can smell from other states. [laughter] In rare circumstances, the leap year falls on a hump day. This is known as the leap hump. [laughter] Youre more likely to die in a terrible accident than in a wonderful accident. [laughter] The capital of Alaska is A. [laughter] By the age of 90, the average person has already been dead for eight years. [laughter] No one has ever successfully blown a French kiss to another person. [laughter] Men are about 800 times more likely than women to fart into a bag at some point in their lives. [laughter] Experts believe theres about 25 percent more camouflage in the world than we realize. [laughter] The term for the very bottom of the banana is the ban-anus. [laughter] There are fewer and fewer magicians in the world due to the difficulty they have reproducing. [laughter] The Heimlich manoeuvre can also be done on someone whos constipated. [laughter] Sex… is the leading cause of people. [laughter] [cheering, applause] All right. All right, that worked pretty well. All right, I should keep the show moving. Hurry up. Okay. Oh, maybe I could do a bit with the mic stand. [mimics metal detector beeping] [laughter, applause] No, thats not my style. I was driving and I saw a signage that said, Hidden Driveway, and I was like, Well, you just ruined it! [laughter] Let me figure that out! Sometimes when Im driving and I get like, road rage pretty badly, you know, and I dont have the physique to back it up. I– Its such a mismatch between my anger and what I could actually do to anybody, I cant… I can solve some puzzles really quickly in front of them, theyd be like, Shit, this guy threw me off. Part of the problem with road rage is that we dont have an adequate way to communicate with each other. We have a very limited vocabulary we could say thank you and fuck you. Thats the two things we can say. Thats pretty limited cause sometimes I make a mistake and then I wish I had a gesture to go with it. You cant really apologize, like, or cut a guy off and like, Oh, shit. And he catches up to me and I gotta be like… [laughter] From your perspective. Fuck me. You see? Im on your side here. Theres no Im sorry. I cant be like, Im sorry. [laughter] Im sad for what I did. Okay? What the hell is this guy doing? Is he a mime? The car horn‘s even worse. Thats just like instant aggression. Its like yelling hey at someone. You hit the horn and like, Hey! Hey! Sometimes I tap it, Im not trying to be a dick here, Im just trying to, you know, use it gently. I think it comes out, [softly] Hey. But it doesnt. It comes out, Hey! [laughter] You cant take it back if you make a mistake with the horns. Sometimes I wish I could take it back. I wish there was like a second button next to the horn, that was like a reverse horn sound, you know what I mean? So you could just like, take it back. Like I was waiting to make a left at the light, it was like the second car. The light changes, the guy doesnt go. [mimics horn beeping] Fucking go! you know? Then I see the old man walking through the intersection. Now I look like a lunatic. I was basically saying, Get him! Hit him! [laughter] I wish I could take that back, though. [mimics horn beeping] Then I see the old man. -[mimics horn beeping in reverse] -[laughter] Okay, cool. Youre not a dick. I hear you, thats fine. I love GPS. I use that a lot when Im driving. For comedians, its great. We go to all these cities. We dont know where anything is. GPS just tells you how to get there. And I learned recently that I could change the gender of the GPS, or the accent, which is kind of cool. You cant change the tone of voice, though. I wish you could change the tone of voice. You could have like different emotional connection with the GPS depending on what youre going through, you know? If youre running late you could pick like urgent. Okay. In two-tenths of a mile, make a right on the light. Go, go, go! [laughter] Or if youre driving late at night on a highway, youre getting drowsy, you just pick, like, alarming. In a quarter mile, youre gonna die! Oh, shit. GPS, thank you. My God, you scared the shit out of me. Where am I? Reluctant would be really good for somebody like me. [sighs] At the roundabout, take the second exit. Do you even wanna go to this baby shower? [laughter] No. Then make a legal U-turn, and lets fucking go home. [laughter] Thanks, GPS, youre right. I cant wait till we have driverless cars everywhere. Thatll be cool. Itll only be a matter of time before people figure out that they can just get a car for their dogs. Honey, where are the dogs? I got them a car, theyre driving around for an hour. [laughter] Can you imagine being in a red light and a car full of dogs pulls up next to you? [laughter] Incredible. The dogs are having a great time. The driver dogs like, I knew I could do this. [laughter] If you get into an accident with dogs, how mad are you gonna be? You get out of the car, Son of a bitch. Hello. Wheres your insurance? Get your insurance. Good boy. I wonder if in the future, if robots will be such a regular part of our lives, it will be considered offensive to do The Robot. [laughter] Youre in a party like, Hey, man, check me out. Whoa! What are you doing? Freaking robbies. I dont give a shit. Did you say ‘robbies? Those are Technical-Americans. [laughter] Sometimes when you make a job title sound more politically correct, it actually sounds worse, you know. Your fathers not a garbage man. Hes a garbage person. Yep. Your dads a piece of shit is what Im trying to say. You understand? [laughter] Sometimes people say, I forgive, but I dont forget. Sounds pretty cool. Id like to hear, I forget, but I dont forgive. [laughter] Who the hell are you, you son of a bitch? [laughter] Im mad at a lot of people and I dont know who they are. [laughter] Sometimes I feel like people are saying things, like they dont even think through what theyre saying. I was in a fitting room at a clothing store, and I come out and the lady goes, Howd you do? [laughter] Uh, bad. I did bad. I, uh… I put the sweater on my legs. I just… [laughter] I blew it. I blew it. I panicked. I got in as if I got a plan. Before I knew it, my legs were right in there on those sleeves. And just standing there and I… farted quietly and I came back. I just… But thank you for asking such a patronizing question to a grown man on how I did. When I go to buy things, a lot of times, at the register, they ask me if I found everything okay. I dont know if thats a trend or if I just look like I cant find shit in a store or something. Or its like, Did you find everything okay? Ill just say, Yes. Yeah, I did. Yes. You can never say, No. right? Do you find everything okay? No. I didnt find anything okay. Your stores impossible. Ive been here for three hours looking for stuff. I cant find a goddamn thing! This is all random shit. I dont want any of this. This is just… I got this because I knew you were gonna ask if I found stuff okay. But I just took random stuff. I… What if you say no? What are they even gonna do for you? Do you find everything okay? No. Okay. Shut down my register, Im gonna help him find stuff okay. Come on, stupid, lets find stuff together. Youre dumb. Thank you. Yeah, I cant find stuff okay. Can you carry me by the hand? I want that. Could you– You found it? Youre okay? Im okay. Good, fine. Okay. [laughter] At a dinner party, I heard a guy say, I believe everything happens for a reason. And I wanted to smack him in the face, you know. [laughter] Hell be like, What the hell did you do that for? You tell me. [laughter, applause] [man whistles] [cheering, applause] Thats your belief, man. Thats your thing. I dont know. Your… Your Lord lifted my hand and it hit him. This is part of His plan. He will see the reason in the future. Okay. I love jokes. I love telling jokes because… theres something really economical about a good joke. It breaks down a bunch of ideas into just a sentence or two. Ive always loved that, actually. From day one as a comic, Ive just been drawn to jokes. And Ive noticed now, being a little bit older, that there have been times in my life where I ended up almost in a joke. Where Im kind of in my own one-liner whether I like it or not. It doesnt happen often, but Ill give you an example. Its almost 10 years ago, now. I was living in New York alone in a six-floor walk-up. No elevator, this whole building, with six floors up to the top. And I had this tiny apartment. I was single, I was over 30. One night, I was getting ready to go out, it was like a trivial moment. But then I said a sentence out loud to myself. It was like a perfect snapshot of my life at that moment. And right after I said it, I was like, Oh, my God. Im probably gonna remember that. And I think about it often. It was really simple. I was in my apartment, getting ready to go out, and I said angrily out loud to myself…. Where the fuck is my tambourine? [laughter] Right there, what series of choices did this man make… [laughter] to be this angry about the location of a tambourine? I got some jingling to do and I dont have time to fuck around. People are counting on me. [chuckles] It just like stayed with me. You know what I mean? It became like a big moment in my life now. It defines me. Well, fast forward to last winter. Now Im married. I have two little kids. And I went on vacation with my family. We went to Lake Tahoe for Christmas break. It was great. We had a great time. It was beautiful. It snowed, you know, white Christmas. One morning, my wife said, Why dont we go out for breakfast today? I said, Thats a great idea, lets go out. We put the kids in the car and she navigated, I drove. Shes Yelping. Shes trying to find a restaurant that will satisfy our requirements, which is not that easy because we have dietary restrictions between us. Shes lactose intolerant. She cant have gluten. Shes one of those people, it messes up her stomach. Shes got her thing. Me, Ive got life-threatening food allergies. So thats pretty nice, so… If I eat a peanut, I die. So thats… [laughter] I cant see any good use for that. Ive never really seen a benefit that comes from that allergy, you know. Unless, I dont know, if I were depressed. If I had a really rough stretch, I dont need a gun or a bridge or you know, I mean, I could… just go to a 7/11, really. Ill pop in there and grab a Reeses peanut butter cup. Im not paying for it, cause Im gonna kill myself. So, Ill just grab the peanut butter… ram it in my mouth, and just dead, right in front of the guy at the register. Im sure hed be like, What the hell was that about? [laughter] I wouldnt do that. Im not gonna do that because… If you think about it, thats the grossest form of littering, in a sense. [laughter] Anyway, between the two of us, were just the worst table youre ever gonna wait on. Its just… She finds this place. We find this kind of healthy place. We go, we park. We come inside, its totally packed. This is a good sign. I guess this is a popular restaurant. Theres a table way over on the other side over here. We get the table. You got to go up to the register and order your food, then they give you a little metal stand and your number. Theyll bring you the food. So we ordered. We both get eggs and toast and some stuff for the kids. We were sitting, waiting for our food. Story picks up, I promise. So… [laughter] They bring our food out, I get all my stuff. She doesnt get her toast. See, I got the regular toast and the eggs. But she got the gluten-free toast, which comes like, one piece at a time, Its got like rocks and feathers in it. Its this special sort of dust and clay. Whatever this thing is. Looks like a regular piece of toast from a distance. If you get closer, it looks like a kid pieced it together. She didnt get her toast. Her eggs are getting cold and shes getting pissed off. Shes looking, the manager comes out, Is everything okay? She said, I ordered the gluten-free toast. I havent gotten it and my eggs are getting cold. And he said, Okay. Heres where the story picks up. He goes, Brian! He calls over. We looked across the room and standing next to the kitchen door is Brian, this very Olympic-looking bus boy with– just big shoulders, a beard, tiny apron. Hes just a big guy, kind of a lumberjack-snowboarder hybrid. He looks like a superhero, but hes got this ridiculous little apron. He looks funny to me and Im like, Im interested, theres something here. Brian, gluten-free toast. The guy just nods, disappears into the kitchen. So now were eating. And a few minutes later, I see my wife make a face Ive never seen her make before. So I look where shes looking, and theres Brian. Hes come out of the kitchen with my wifes piece of toast… in his hand. [laughter] Hes just making his way through the crowded restaurant, just holding the one piece of toast. Ive never had this experience before. Seeing a grown man carry a piece of toast bareback through a restaurant, just… In his hand. In my whole life, Ive just never seen this move. But hes got the toast… He gets to our table, doesnt say anything. He just holds up the toast. My wife just takes it in her hands and shes like, Thank you? And she puts it on the plate. He walks away. We both burst out laughing. Were just like… Im immediately taken out of my life which is incredible. Ive transcended regular experience, and hes transported me by the simple act of carrying the toast like that. Im now wondering, Whos Brian? Whats his story? I wanna know about him. Tell me everything about this guy. What just happened? So, I started immediately theorizing and saying to my wife, I think its probably one of two things, what we just witnessed. Number one, hes being a dick. Hes in a bad mood. Hes having a bad day. And that was it, something just broke. You know what I mean? Maybe the manager is his uncle or something? He wasnt supposed to work today, called him in last minute, he doesnt even wanna be here. And your gluten-free toast was the last straw for Brian. And he was like, Goddamn toast. Heres your stupid toast, lady. If your mouth were open, hed probably have shoved it right into your mouth. Hes in a bad mood. Hes lashing out. Were caught in the crossfire here. And I was like, Or two, hes not being a dick. Im judging him too harshly. Maybe hes totally nice. Hes a good person. Hes just dumb. Hes not a smart guy. He was just like, Toast, toast, got to remember gluten-free toast. Get the lady her toast. Got to get the toast. Heres the toast. Trying to remember one thing, Toast, toast, toast. There he is back in his position, More toast, whats next? Tell me. Tell Brian ‘toast. [laughter] Either way, I dont think its a good situation weve gotten ourselves into here. Then, she wasnt gonna eat the toast. And then I started to get philosophical, cause I was like, Hold on. Think about it. Okay, so he touched your toast. But think, when the toast pops up, they touch the toast, put it on a plate then bring it to you on a plate. Is there that big a difference between going like that with the toast, and going like this and carrying it for an extra 80 seconds and putting it on your plate? Im like, No. it doesnt really matter. I was like, Your toast has been touched. He touched it in the kitchen. Its not like theyre catching it on sterile plates. Cant touch. I was like, They touched your toast. He touched it, wiped his head with it, they passed it around the kitchen. [laughter] Its just like, thats backstage. I went on this whole thing about the theater of restaurants and how were out in the house and thats backstage. In the middle of my speech, I guess were making kind of a commotion. The manager comes over, and he goes to my wife, Is everything okay? And she goes… And before she can say anything, he goes, Did Brian carry the toast over in his hand? [laughter] This has happened before. I think Im done. Am I, though? Good night, everybody. Thank you. Good night.

BILL MAHER@LIVE fROM OKLAHOMA@2018@Thank you. Oh, thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you folks. Wow. Thank you very much. Oh, wonderful greeting, I appreciate that. I know, we are on TV… Thank you. Listen, I want you to know Im here on purpose. No, no. Also I want you know we announced we were doing the show only 3 weeks ago here in Oklahoma. Since then, Scott Pruett got canned… [Applause] and medical marijuana got legalized… so… [Applause]. What can I say… I do what I can. ladies and gentleman. But, yes, medical marijuana here in Oklahoma youre governor Mary Fallin said it would open the door to recreational use. Yes, yes Mary, it will. Were counting on that but. But I mean I wanted to come I. I love the red states, I really do. I I wanted to come here because first of all – I mean this in the best possible way – I miss normal so much. I miss sensible, middle-of-the-country liberals so much. I would give anything for a boring president. For a president to bore my balls off every day. I wake up every day and look at the phone through one eye like… what did the mental patient do today? I… I feel like Im binge watching the worst television show in history. People come up to me and they… see what he did today? Im like please, Im still on the episode where he fucked a porn star. I… Thats why I always try to impress so much on the younger people… how different this is… Where are my millennials, by the way? Wow, always in the back because they have no money. Im fucking with you, I love you. Because these are the good millennials, because they… [crowd cheering] because they came to see me and they must know this is not a safe space. Not that every… everyone here is welcomed. Trump people are here, amongst us. And they are welcome. I mean that, I mean that. This is the country, not an apartment. We cant divided it down the middle, we have to learn to live together. So you truly are welcome and it has been impressed upon me but it doesnt help to call your political adversaries dumb… [Laughs] … so I am not gonna do that. But, easily conned, can we say that? Not exactly detail people. I mean, take… take something like the Affordable Care Act, okay. Polls tell us that Trump people hate Obamacare, but they like the Affordable Care Act. And what Trump tells them about healthcare: [imitating Trump] Ill give you way better, way cheaper, and cover everybody. Youre gonna want to get sick just to use this healthcare plan. So… way better, way cheaper and cover everybody and you bought that? See what I mean about a con man and… I knew this was happening on the first day, when he… Do you remember when he saw the multitudes that did not exist? Remember at the inauguration… I mean… You know what? It was bad enough when Republicans didnt believe in climate change but… counting? [Cheers and applause] Counting… counting is settled science. I am not gonna budge on that. But this is… this is what happens when you elect… right, a malignant narcissist as president that… he cannot imagine a reality that doesnt match his perceptions. That was the most people he ever saw in one place… so… it must be the most people whoever gathered anywhere. Thats why he thinks he has a big dick… [Cheers and applause] Its the biggest one HE has. Although, honestly, doesnt everything about this man just scream micro dick? You know, the bragging and the buildings with my name on them. At the debates… yes he was talking about his dick at the debates. THAT guy is president. Remember that [imitating Trump] theres no problem, I guarantee theres no problem. I think theres a problem. I… I think is a very big problem. I think thats the whole problem. I think this is a man who has never once brought a woman to orgasm. If even believes such a thing exists I… [imitating Trump] Its rigged, its rigged… the vagina has been very unfair to me… very unfair, and I say that very strongly. Very strongly. Ill have a heart attack from this. And, you know, I… I talk to Trump people all the time. You know, theyre not blind to his myriad flaws. They… But you asked about… what do you like about the guy? They always say the same thing: Hes strong. Alpha. Real man. What? Who are you looking at? Hes always blaming everybody else, complaining, never takes responsibility,  [imitating Trump] I inherited a mess. You inherited millions of dollars, you Winy… Little… Bitch. [Cheers and applause] Thank you. Thank you, Ill be doing all my greatest hits tonight I… I mean, even when he goes to a disaster zone. Remember that? Its all about him! The floods… Remember the hurricanes… [imitating Trump] were getting very high marks. Everyone floating by says were doing a fantastic job… very… What… What… what… what president ever needed to have these, you know, emergency flattery meetings… Have you seen that shit where they call the cabinet together to go around the room you shine with the light of 1000 Suns my sire. And now the secretary of labor would like to say if you. It was it theres a congresswoman from Tennessee whod made a speech in front of Trump she said Mr president thank you for letting us have you as our president. Letting us have you? Jesus, dont get any in your hair. Letting us have you? Writing is. We will. Thank. I guess we forgot that he president is supposed to lift us up right not the other way around but if we are in the other way around. Who has rallies after the election is over only this psychopath because you know he gets blue you see something on TV doesnt like so the staff is like all get me 9000 drooling idiots in an airplane hangar in Tuscaloosa Alabama staff. So we can… What it is rallies. You see they did one the other day you know it you know he lies a lot anyway but. These things first of all he takes great pride in the fact that he does not use a teleprompter. Doesnt want to insult his base by reading. But the shit that comes out of his mouth at these rallies… I mean, fact checkers are carried out on stretchers ladies and gentlemen… its… Im not going to make it to the end of the show talking about this asshole. The big people are always they are trying to calm me down my friends like all come on bill youre exaggerating weve had presidents who didnt know much. Yeah well we have a bad we do have a president who didnt know Bush didnt know much Reagan the last year thought the coat rack was Barbara Stanwyck. Kids, use your Google to find out who Barbara Stanwyck is. Its… Look up coat rack while youre in there because thats probably not a thing anymore either but… Okay. So weve had dumbass presidents but we never had one like this who was so, you know, aggressively stupid. Right, you know, takes pride that you cannot get information into his head. We dont know how. Actually he gets information although its entirely possible Sean Hannity blows it directly up his ass. But, really he takes pride in… how many times you tell them things he will insist like the stealth bomber is literally invisible. For. Theres such a thing as clean coal or you know global warming is a hoax… because it snows in the winter. Its like saying the sun isnt real because last night it got dark. Remember Jim Huff with the snowball? Yeah. Oh, well you got some real beauty here let me tell yeah I dont know how you put up with that but theres a real asshole politicians at this stage. Down the lineAnd you know the saddest thing about Trump he doesnt want to change you said it many times I could be presidential yeah you could… not. In his first press conference and never forget it he said I am me. I am me. Thanks Tarzan. I am me… even Melania it was like your English not too good daddy. Oh Melania. I like Melania, comon… she is the good kind of immigrant. The kind that does the jobs Americans just dont wanna do. Like blowing and fucking Donald Trump. But… I do feel bad for having to live through this scandal with the porn star. I mean, you know this he said she said thing thats going on. I mean but who you gonna believe the fake blonde with big tits or Stormy Daniels. Did you you see that the the evangelicals… any evangelicals here? Youre welcome too. I know youre here so… youre welcome too. But, you see, they gave Trump a Mulligan on stormy day of course because its a cult he could do any…he could fuck Charlie Daniels. They dont care. But… But I thought was so interesting was that when Trump got in trouble the first time with women with the member the Hollywood access tape a month before the election. Okay, who came to his aid? Who bailed his ass out? It was the two Christians gyms to super Christians in his administration Mike Pence and Jeff Sessions you know those people though that people start every debate with well Im a Christian. Like why even have this argument? I win automatically. I believe in an intellectually embarrassing Bronze Age myth. Boom! Mike dropped. Then. Yeah I mean, they asked Jeff Sessions two days after the tape came out Jeff Sessions Sir your senator the president is what I want to be president just said admitted to grabbing womens vaginas without their permission. Is that non sexual assault. And Jeff Sessions said well I gag. Yeah. And Im quoting directly ladies and gentlemen, thats exactly what he said. No. I love this so the reporter persisted in as the second I did Sir the man said he grabs pussies is that not sexual assault? And Jeff Sessions said its not clear how that would occur. Yeah right its a totally a matter of circumstance. I mean like for example what if you saw a pussy… bout to fall off a cliff. Would. Wouldnt you want to be able to grab that pussy without a lot of politically correct red tape getting in the way? I think you would. But man. There is no shame in their game these people you know. Whoever is going to win an election we gotta get buddy up to that idea no shame. I have a lot of perspective on Republicans. I never really was a Republican voter, you know. I cant believe I, you know, I was so scared Mitt Romney was going to be president again. Im 1000000 Bucks. I would gladly give Romney $1000000 tomorrow if he would take over America. I swear to God. I would sleep like a baby. I will become a Mormon how about that? And I will I will I would do that for my country. I would become a Mormon. I will wear the magic underwear. I will visit planet Kolob. I would baptize dead people. Man what a stupid religion that one is I mean theyre all stupid but I mean Jesus Christ… you know what pisses me off are these new religions into okay that you know the Christians in that Muslims in the Jews… they get grandfathered in. Right? I mean there are thousands of years old before the age of science people needed stories but Mormons are like 1820s. Fuck you! Whether you knew better and Scientologists and Seventh-day Adventists. This is this is awesome. I have to tell you I used to be a lonely pioneer out there on the atheist trails and now… Its like anal, everyones doing it. It really religion numbers are down across the board and you wonder why I mean you saw they were trying to use the Bible to justify separating children from their parents at the border a couple of… [crowd booing] Yeah, okay, so I hope you will agree with me that a fault above all things in this world what needs scrutiny and criticism is religion. And that means all of them. All of them. Okay? This ridiculous fetishing of Islam on the part of so many liberals has got to stop. Okay? Its a religion, like all religions antiquated and dangerous and that one ‘s more fundamentalist, which is not a compliment. Now is Trumps Muslim ban a good idea? Of course not. even among his stupid ideas thats one of the worst. Its counterproductive, its unnecessary, its un-American its bigoted but what exactly is. The liberal answer to this issue. Really its just yelling Islamophobia when anybody criticizes the religion. I cant criticize a religion. Have we met? And you know what Ive been through this already with the Catholics 0 yeah they were the ones trying to get me thrown off TV 1012 years ago William William Donohue the head of the Catholic League with this letter writing campaigns in his email campaigns at one point they wanted to fight me. Fight me as Jesus would have wanted Im sure. Two 50-year old men in a parking lot with our search sleeves rolled up. Fight me. I used to say Bill Im not anti Catholic anti child fucking. And your organization has been caught doing a lot of that so it doesnt make ME the bad guy. Im not anti-Muslim Im anti-misogyny. I thought… I thought feminism was the thing with liberal. Yes Im against it when they throw a tarp over a woman like shes a motorboat. Have you ever tried one of those on head to toe it is stifling and part of the reason why they do that head to toe is so the men dont have to be responsible for their erections. Let me say that again: the men make the women walk around all day in a fucking voting booth… so they dont get to be responsible for their erections. Your move MeToo. Im not anti-any people. I anti terrorizing homosexuals… Again, I thought that I thought that was a liberal thing. I saw this college get on a campus with a tee shirt that said queers against islamophobia. I wanted to say to him wear that shirt in Pakistan and see… see if anybody reads down past the queers part because. And by the way, do you know what, no protected species in America we get free speech here all jokes are unfair to a degree. Things stick theyre not always totally true but we all suck it up and laugh. You know what? Its everybody. If. If something happens in Germany every comedian makes a Nazi joke well Germany doesnt really have a lot of Nazis anymore. Here, yes. Well we got the Nazis there but. But thats just how it is if youre French you always surrender. You know if youre a supermodel you always throw up your lunch. If you are a redneck you always fuck your sister… These are… Too close. Sorry… Sorry… But, you know… But, you know, the nothing-is-funny people cannot win. Things are bad enough. We have to laugh. And the snowflakes keep wanting to move the goalposts on what can be funny. Now theyre on this thing where if something in a joke even remind you of something that sad… no good. Well fuck that. My answer to that is… Mel Brooks put Hitler in a musical. [Singing ] ? Springtime for Hitler… ? And well. You know if I tried real hard I think I could connect that to something sad. But I dont. because we choose to laugh. We choose to laugh not because its easy but because its hard. Thats my JFK. I mean… you know… when I was younger we never had terms like microaggressions. Microaggressions and safe spaces and trigger warnings. Jesus Chr… Im not a marine or anything but what did everybody get so friggin fragile about. Free speech zones… you mean America? [Cheers and applause] I mean… and liberals can be the worst on this. We should own the first amendment, the way the conservatives own the second. [Cheers and applause] But we dont. We gave it up. I had the honor of my life—well I thought it was—4 years ago, when Berkeley, on the fiftieth anniversary of the free speech movement there on the Berkeley campus, invited me to be this keynote speaker at the graduation. [Cheers] Wait, wait, wait. And then I was uninvited. Because they got wind I might speak freely. They dont teach irony on campus anymore, is my guess. But campuses are a little out of control, would you not agree? I mean… [Applause] Yeah. I mean, Three colleges last year had to cancel productions of The Vagina Monologues because they werent sensitive enough to women who dont have a vagina. Well… they exist like… Caitlyn Jenner, I believe, who is a woman who still has a dick… no… I… Whatever it is, I support her, okay? If she… she cut it off Id say good choice! good riddance to that fucking thing! I… Its a menace! Nothing but trouble from the penis! I.. I see it like the tonsils, or the appendix, or something! But… but, you know, I harp on this stuff because Democrats—I think we can all agree—cannot afford to blow anymore elections. [Cheers and applause] I mean, [Cheers and applause] and…  this kind of shit is one reason why just the name Democrat is so toxic in states like this in about 25 others were anybody other than a Democrat could win we got to change that and the way you do it. [Cheers and applause] Drop the PC bullshit. Also. Get a message. [Applause] Get a candidate but people like I like Hillary but she couldnt fill the function room at the Olive Garden. Meanwhile there was a 74 year old man getting 20000 people to come out and see him. [Cheers and applause] You know… Yes, Bernie. Bernie Sanders and you have to understand in this age where you know everything is fake news and people dont read the news anyway dont know whats going on the coin of the realm of what people latch on to it authenticity and not many have real authenticity Bernie Sanders said. [Cheers and applause]He. He always looked like. A guy who worked in a little office with the roof leaked. [Laughs] I finished my soup three times. [Laughs] And you know if he became president nothing would have changed. Walking into the oval office he be looking for something on his desk and be a bass you know like Ive got a system its in here somewhere. The  half of an egg salad sandwich down there. A cat. The Queen would come for a state visit would have to move boxes off the couch, darling, seat! Darling… Its our busy season. Would you like half of an eggs salad sandwich? Yeah, thats what people want. And, honestly, the other guy, who had authenticity, yeah, Ill give him that. Donald Trump, he is authentically, a douche bag from Queens. He doesnt hide it. He doesnt want to hide it. It works for him. People love him because they say hes like one of us hes a real American hes fat eat shit. He plays with his phone all day. And all night. What it what is with the 3:00 AM bitch tweeting by the way. Right what is what is going on at 3:00 AM? Is ts not a poop tweet? Is that when the Metamucil kicks in? Is that how we gets to sleep? That… that would be really sick, because youre supposed to do something calming before you go to bed, and his his tweets at 3:00am youre a loser, youre a disaster, I hate you [snoring sound]. No, you are suppose to do something calming and meditative. I jerk off. You know, I decided to switch the mike hand. [Laughs] Just to simulate… apparently is… thats how serious I am about masturbation, I… I must tell you folks youre beautiful crowd. Uh… So I gonna share this with you… but… I gotta tell you. As a comedian, Ive been talking about masturbation onstage for a long time. The last year, for the first time in my life, when I talked about the subject, I have to spelled it out: I was alone. I always assumed everybody knew masturbation meant you were alone. No. What the fuck happened? And I used to say I dont understand women. I dont understand men! Masturbating in front of som… I cant pee in front of somebody! I dont. And… where did this trend start? What movie is this? Oh well the day didnt go quite the way I wanted to. But shes in the room… and Im gonna take my dick out so… I kinda got laid. I mean, its like a give me in golf and just… what… I… I dont even understand it, but… I hope, I hope women… I hope women know that there are a lot of men who are actually very happy for you, that this reckoning finally came about and… [cheers and applause] … that your lives will always be better for it. Its true. I always… I always hated bullies… bullies of any kind, you know, sexual harassment is just a particularly odious kind of bullying. And its great that all men—not just the rich and famous anymore—every man is on notice. Youre playing with five fouls. [applause] Okay. But I must tell you… I took a little informal poll recently… and the penis… still popular. [cheers] Now the penis has done some very bad, very bad very bad things the penis, terrible things. But, ladies, you still want some dick every once in a while dont you… okay so… So we want to be part of the solution and we need to be part of the solution. So thats why I say about the penis… mend it, dont end it. You know…. and the cut everybody a little slack because with the romance game is a little touchy its not exactly always you know easy to define you know… passion and political correctness… not natural allies. No one in bed wants to hear whos your co-equal partner? Nobody. Right? Okay, so… So, you know, liberals have the high ground on this issue. Lets not veer off, as liberals so often do, into that weird place where we look ridiculous, okay? [cheers] You know… I mean its already happened. Matt Damon famously said I think we can all agree that theres a difference between a pat on the ass and rape. And there was a big liberal backlash, no we dont agree to that. Okay, this is one reason why we lose elections. [applause] This is one reason. Let me tell you something. In 2016 the Democrats and the Republicans played a little game of chicken with each other. And the Democrats said the Republicans, oh you cannot be so stupid as to vote for Donald Trump. And they said: dont ever tell us how stupid we can be. But… but, they had a pretty good answer which is yeah, we get it, Donald Trump is crazy but if you think what Matt Damon said is the least bit controversial, or if you think The Vagina Monologues is insufficiently feminist, or you think Islam has nothing to do with Islamic terrorism, or you lose your shit when a white girl dresses up as Pocahontas on Halloween… then you are crazy too and we cant trust your judgment. And that shit has to stop. We cant afford that shit anymore. Because Ill tell you something… Donald Trump is right about one thing: the elections in this country are rigged… except there rigged against us. Gerrymandering, voter suppression, the electoral college, Putin counting the votes. I mean… this thing in presidential elections where we win the most votes and they get to be president… thats gotta stop, I mean… [Cheers and applause] Al Gore won by 500.000 votes, and didnt become president. Hillary won by 3,000.000. Even Kim Jong-un is like thats fucked up. Thats exactly what he sounds like, by the way. That is that dead on Kim Jong-un. But, you know, I still have these Republicans coming on much we dont know if it affected the elect… Dont know if it affected the election? Does Chris Christie eat over the sink? During the campaign… [laughs] during the campaign Donald Trumps old—you know, Donald Trump has two grown sons, Douchebag von Fuckface Trump… and… Thurston Shitbag the third. I said I was gonna do all my greatest hits… okay… so… [applause] But yeah, during the campaign Donnie Dickface gets [laughs] this email that says We have dirt on Hillary. Signed, Russia. And he emails back I love it. Its game over there, isnt it? I mean… isnt it? Right, I mean… if you send me an email that says I have some fantastic kiddie porn… and I email back I love it… I think thats when they knock on your door. I do… I think thats when its over. [cheers and applause] But, these people… theyre … theyre shameless [?] the way they will tell a lie and before the next news cycle have a completely new lie and dont apologize for the last one. They would be like oh no, there was no meeting, no meet… okay… there was a meeting… yes, there was a meeting, but… but no Russians… no… oh yes, one Russian… there was one Russian… Im sorry, I misspoke… three Russians, there was three… right, five Russians were at the meeting and that is… eight Russ… There was eight Russians, there was eight Russians at the meeting! And the Bolshoi Ballet. And doctor Zhivago and the crew of the Red October. [Laughs] You have to hold the meeting in the steam room to have more Russians involved. Okay, we had a meeting but it was just about adoptions. [Laughs] Yes, were all big fans of Annie, it was just about… adopt… we did not talk about the election. All right, we talked about the election but… no collusion no coll… okay, collusion, there was collusion but no… criminal collusion. Okay, criminal collusion, but is it really such a crime to commit a crime? Thats where they are… Thats where the whole Republican Party is. Is it really such a crime to commit a crime? Theyre on the side of crime! [Applause] This is… And thats the whole party. The whole party. Its not just the clown, its the circus. Dont forget that. I mean, Donald Trump could not be where he is without all these enablers. You know, I… I get… Ive given up asking the question: what has to happen before they give up? You cant ask that. Nothing. Donald Trump could tweet tonight Obama is hiding under my bed. And on Monday Sarah Huckabee Sanders would say, Well, many presidents have had their predecessors had under their bed. Martin Van Buren was under William Henry Harrison is bad for 2 years from 1837 to 1839 and Grover Cleveland was under the bed of… [Cheers and applause] But I think… of all the enablers that get under my skin, the one I hate the most… Mike Pence… [Cheers and applause] … because, you know, super Christian… he launders all of Donald Trumps slime because he looks so Christian… and… and he is beyond Christian: if life begins at erection… [Cheers and applause] You know, he… he lives by something they called the Billy Graham rule, which is that he will never go to any function, party where theres alcohol being served, if his wife is not with him. Why, because the other chicks would bomb rush Mike Pence? Yes, they would be like Tupac in 95… Theyd be blowing him on the dance floor… I mean a… So. Listen. I just want to say that that you know. This is important I Im never going to be the comedian of stop the show and goes this is serious but this is serious. So please a small lighting change. Perfect anyway. Yeah I just want to say when I took the SAT center up they still have this question gets but there was a section called choose the best answer and there was never an answer that fit perfectly because they were trying to teach you something sometimes in life there isnt a perfect answer you change the best answer so when people say Mike Pence would be worse, I implore you to reconsider that. Mike Pence is the kind of loathsome Christian hypocrite that, if I didnt hate religion already, I would start. [Cheers and applause] But… Mike Pence is not trying to become a dictator. Mike Pence does not talk about locking up journalists and political opponents. He can name all three branches of governments. Hes within the normal parameters of Republican awful. He is not the head of a crime family. He doesnt see things that dont exist—if you dont count Jesus. He doesnt want to destroy government from within. I mean Donald Trump… I mean for what was essentially had a big pollution protection agency. And… besides being the greatest scam artist Ive ever seen I mean I really think Scott Pruitt might be three raccoons under a trench coat. He might not even be human. But besides that. He was a coal lobbyist as head of the EPA the Attorney General is a Confederate soldier. The secretary of education is mentally challenged. Rick Perry. Texas people, youre very proud, I could see. Very ran for president in 2012 on a platform of he wanted to eliminate 3 government departments of which he could name two. I dont think he gets the credit he deserves for being able to name almost 67 percent of the departments he himself wanted eliminate. But the one he could not remember. Was the department of energy which he is now the head out okay. That is some performance art ladies and gentlemen that is a skip past rolling that is performance art and do you know this? When he took the job he did not know what the department of energy did. Its in charge of the nuclear weapons. He didnt know that thats why Obamas secretary of energy was a Nobel Prize winning physicist. Rick Perry—this is not a joke—Rick Perry has a BA in animal husbandry. Really. He doesnt know what a centrifuges is. But he can jerk off a horse. Really? That guy is… So what can I say? Democrats, weve just got to win. We cannot blow any more elections, so next time, next time, a little more about Were going to bring your jobs back and a little less about Were going to make you pee next to a guy in a dress. Not that I care Im not taking a survey when Im in there and Im totally on the page with the transgenders Im down with you guys I get it sometimes the equipment. Doesnt. Match the gender you know whats a little counter intuitive but sometimes you feel like a nut and sometimes you dont. I get it. But I also know like women regular normal women who say when I go to a bathroom its kind of an intimate place I want to know if theres a penis on deck. Talk about women with vaginas old school all. Women classic I call the. By the way if any of you ladies still have your original vaginas hang on to those things. They are going to be valuable some day. Hang on to anything long enough and it will come back in style. But. I mean the truck when that election on jobs job of course he was lying could his mouth was moving and that was it meat in it. But that was the whole the Mexican are stealing your jobs Mexicans are not stealing your jobs robots are stealing your jobs. And if they ever come up with a Mexican robot we are really fucked. With. But whoever told these real Americans that the government was a an employment agency anyway this theres no more gigs for life okay those days are over only gigs for life: Pope. 60 minutes correspondent. And flight attendant on any major allied every knows those girls are old and I mean… They call me Sonny that its. That some seniority system going on at United Airlines up always like grandma can I get a hot towel when you wake up for beer now sweetheart? Thank you so much. But. In my view America doesnt even have for the the issue we spend so much time and we dont even have an immigration problem. We have a my-life-didnt-turn-out-the-way-I-wanted-to-so-I-blame-other-people problem. Oh, that we have. You know. The greatest con the Republicans ever pulled on working-class Americans was convincing them it was the immigrants and single moms who were blocking their way to the American Dream. you know the 10 member the takers photodetectors the people who dont pay any income tax yeah thats who has all the money the people with no money. The people use their food stamps to buy drugs I hear that why I love that idea that always makes me laugh because I know that one from both sides. I do I have been poor and Ive been a drug dealer. We dont take food. I we dont mean anything by it thats just our policy and I dont think its changed. No. Its funny, America as you well know has 0 tolerance for drugs and infinity tolerance for guns and I wait I Norman Oklahoma so Im going to cover myself right away and say I am a gun owner. Im just not a gun lover okay. I dont take pictures with it I dont Polish it I dont answer the door with it. I dont take it on dates to chipotles. The moon honey Im going to show you off to the fellows at home depot. Because thats the one of the big problems is psychological with guns we just love them too much you know every year somebody I dont know who but they keep a registry of the names that parents are giving their newborns and in the last 5 years parents have been naming kids gun names. Theyve been naming kids things like pistol shooter magnum Remington. This is sick liberals dont do this liberals dont name their kids Prius and juicer. You know my boy Kale dont choose a. Hes a strapping young lad. But. But honestly you know we dont ever have a lot of movement on the gun issue because we dont have an ant-gun party we have the Republicans love guns and the Democrats love them slightly less every debate begins with well at least we can all agree we need some guns to go out in the woods and murder animals. Because were sportsmen. Are you really is it really a sport if one team doesnt know the game is going on. The sport. So that asshole with the giraffe couple days ago. 21 I can strangle her I mean and you know what these African country some of them they will sell permits to go and shoot these majestic endangered beasts you know what the excuses they say yes we allow you to shoot these animals but only the older non breeding males. I take this very personally latest job I. I dont think this is a slippery slope that we want to go down. I think those are the most contributing people that decide if that happened out. Beyond that I have to say it out turning 60 is… was hard enough. First of all you dont like when Im driving to work and Im looking for it now. I never see people my age out Im like is that no no is it what about. Were they all raptured? with the f… This is a bad old were allowed to be out at 60 arent we? The only place I see people my age are in Cialis commercials. Which I think are very obnoxious because its all this pressure you know this I will you be ready? Will you be ready? you know no one the guys have heart attacks when theyre 49 at. I dont worry if the raptors coming I gotta worry about. What if the rapture comes when Im fucking you? Theyll never take me home balls David you. You know what. This will you be ready that smarmy voiceover one look. Can turn the ordinary into something more. Really after all these years of marriage one look. Yes so be ready.Have would be okay take the 4 hour pill take the 36 hour pill then that viagra for everyday use just keep it hard shell let you know. Shell give you the look.Really big and you can see this in the commercial because that. Stories that never just get right to boating theres always these activities they doing this the strolling consigning and shopping in canoodling gets it. Is it this much work to fuck your own white for this country? So sorry I never got on board with that I mean. I swear to god theres one word that the couple is putting the finishing touches on a bird house together theyre like. You know the. Oh its on Alex. I.Soon as we finish this bird outside. I think I just got the. Thats not the look at wasnt. Im gonna fuck the hole in this bird house in America. Look. I am not against marriage. I am not never have been. Im against marriage for me but this is a very personal issue I get it some people that would be lost without their spouse I know guys who hate it when their wife is out of town. One guy, okay. what. You had to bust me on that so quickly one guy but hes sincere about it. Is that. This is name is this Amame kids. I think this is a meme I hear it all the time happy wife happy life which you know it it sounds so sweet but its really a friend. Just the. Thats the thats a nice life you got there shame if anything were to happen to it. So well I think you do want to go to the store and pick up those items dont you I thought you did. The other marriage cliche I love to hear it all the time celebrities led to say it they asked the couple you know whats the secret to your marriage and the guy always says all she keeps me grounded. Yeah I was doing all this storing. Luckily I got this bitch to remind me that. Im not all that so thats great. I dont know if you saw. Couple years ago our friends adviser came out with a lady viagra as it was dubbed in the media which he said would even things out which is silly on a number of levels first of all even things out women as we all know have gotten a raw deal throughout history in almost every civilization including up until today. The one area were they got lucky and dont even hang out with sex I mean just multiple orgasms you win.You know. You have a machine gun we have a musket. And… And dont even ask about trying to re load that thing they is that. With that powder. Half the time it blows up in your face its. But… Yeah. But not just multiple organ of the model zones you know women have a vagina and a clit and the G. spot a Jesus body only founded in 1985. Thats so complicated women are there still discovering should there in the eighties. They came to me in 1985 and said a bill weve detected a third ball that I think. And Im sure when I was taking off that list of erogenous zones Im sure at least some of you out there were saying all come on bill what about the asshole. We talked about in the whole first half of the show less. Its about you Donald Trump. This is about me. I must say I actually like this age first of all I thought when you got to the stage was all about a bucket list I have no bucket list not that Im not that Ive done everything Ive hardly done anything Ive done a lot of this because I like this but you know anything I havent done I could give a flock. Really. I never went skiing good. Its cold and I didnt die on a tree fantastic. I never took a dangerous vacation in some dusty place where people could take a check on a bus good. Ive never seen Breaking Bad. Otherwise a good person. Also I must say I have never – to the best of my knowledge – I have never fuck a Republican to the best of my knowledge. I dont mind fuck your brains out Im not going to fuck him in. And of course the big one I never had children which you know thats just to get a personal choice I. Its a personal whatever theres no moral dimension to what I get it people still like children are very popular. Thats fine just dont deputise me in your battle with parenting you know I mean I. If I do a drug joke I dont want to get messages from people youre giving a bad message to children. Okay, first of all, fuck children. You know what. We used to organize our lives around with children might get into. I fully endorse you keeping me away from your children. Youre supposed to be smarter than them keep your guns in your drugs in your sex toys and build more away from your children. I mean. I have set up my life in such a way that I never have to talk to or in any way interact with the child. But but what I occasionally see of it looks like a nightmare first of all.Parents get this idea that they have to negotiate with their kids about everything I always see this: Hey buddy. Are you ready to go? Are you ready to go? How about get in the fucking car? And also you know kids every parent I know always sick sniffling colds flu because the kids. Disease. They bring drugs. The rapists. And some I assume a good. But man. I was a free range child I mean we grew up on tap water Bologna and red dye number 2 there was. Seat belts were completely optional. Helmets. Say the kids who wore helmets went to a different school okay. And you know what I am so glad I am so glad for my leave it to beaver upbringing. I am so glad that when I was a kid there was no porn on the phone. No wonder the kids are fucked up. I mean all my formative years all the masturbation took place without any visual aids whatsoever. I had I Dream of Jeannie. Once a week. And a little ad in my sisters teen beat magazine to increase your best bust size thats all I had all my early while I did it again. Overruled. All my early whacking was in the dark under the covers in my mind scenarios images memories thats what made me the man I am today. Ive read all these revelations to come out from the #metoo stuff and its like. And I was to grow up in the land that time forgot. Even in my fantasies I swear to god theres no weirdness even in my fantasy I dont wanna fuck anybody in the ass. Who. Thats where the shit comes out what what do you people not. But on a plane youre asking them to play with your feet but I want to come on your face I dont wanna choke you. She cant breathe whos sexy. I want to role play and want to dress up with some money. Does anybody just flock anymore. I had the same basic fantasy since I was 11 years old a super hot chick loves me. And he loves me and my Dick is like crack to her. The end.Thats it. You know. You know that when I lost my virginity, at the age of 16, in 1972, Yet invented the shape and voices. And I was telling this recently to this millennial kid and it blew his mind I should. I should have given a trigger warning. But really it blew this kids mind. He was like thats amazing because losing your virginity is confusing enough as it is I was like. Tell me about it I remember looking down it was like. It looked like a Beatle wig I mean. I remember thinking I know its around here somewhere… And thats what I say about America. And our greatness. I know its around here somewhere. And we are gonna find it again. Thank you very much your amazing crowd. And we are going to find it again. We gonna vote, we gonna focus and we gonna stick together. Thank you very much. Thank you Tulsa.

ILIZA SHLESINGER@ELDER MILLENIAL@2018@Guys, Im about to take a giant ship. Thank you so much! Thank you. Thank you so much… for being here. So… first up on the agenda is… I got engaged. Thank you. I appreciate that enthusiasm. I appreciate the applause because I live in Los Angeles and when you tell people in L.A. that you got engaged, they dont applaud. You tell people in L.A. you got engaged, theyre, like, Good for you. Good for… So you tell people you got engaged, next obligatory thing out of their mouth is, like, How did you guys meet? How did you meet? I dont like to tell people how we met. I dont like to tell people how we met. Its not bad. Its not embarrassing. Its just not cool. Like, we met on a dating app. Right, like all of you. Yeah. We met on a dating app, which is… less of a product of my lack of creativity and more a result of my generation. Im a millennial. Thats how we meet each other, okay? Yeah. A dating app, at a bar, or its, like, I got her pregnant. Well, Skylar will make a good mom. Thats it. Some of you were so quiet when I said I was a millennial. Fuck you, okay? I am… 35. Which means I was born in 1983, which means I am… right at the cutoff. Okay, so I am a millennial, but I am an elder! Elder millennial! Wizened. Sage. Yes, gather round the Snapchat, children. Ill tell you the tale… of the landline. Hello, goodbye. When I was a young girl… I once sent a text message from a Sidekick. I remember when Skechers were invented. They were ugly then. And theyre ugly now. In high school… we danced to a band called Sugar Ray. How did you guys meet? You ask a girl, How did you guys meet? We want to tell you. We want to tell you… everything. We want to give you personal information, background story, ancillary information, anything information. Just say, How did you meet? Are you sitting down? Chapter One. In seventh grade, I showed an aptitude for the clarinet. We take it… back! We want you to know so much. You ask a guy, How did you guys meet? Men dont volunteer personal information as readily. Seldom will you meet a guy where youre, like, How did you guys meet? And hes, like, So, Im a Pisces, so I love faces. A mans objective is often to let you know not so much how they met, but to let you know that, like, I could still fuck if I wanted to. ‘Cause Im a fuck man. Thats how I do. Im not gonna fuck you, cause Im fucking her, but… I come from a long line of fuck men, all right? My daddy was a fuck man, my granddaddy was a fuck man. I fuck. I pack up this dick, on to the next town. Yeah. Fire in the hole. Fuck Man Terry, thats what they call me. Down at the Walgreens, whatever. How did you guys meet? I say this next part as a woman that champions other women, as a woman who chose to be single for a very long time. I always feel, when single women ask me, So, how did you guys meet? Its less about a genuine personal inquiry for me, and its more like theyre looking for clues, like, Where did you find a suitor? Tell us your ways. Like, you walk in… to a Trader Joes on a Sunday night. Thats when hot girls go grocery shopping. Like, Im buying flowers for me, right? You walk into a Trader Joes with a ring on your left hand, single women can feel the vibrations of the ring. Like, The ring! It mocks us! And they… They come out of the frozen yogurt aisle… Lululemon, highlighted hair, like, Tell us your ways, we wish to be betrothed as well. Secrets. Tell us. Be a girls girl. Theres no secret, just so were clear. Dont buy the books. Dont buy the hype. Dont listen… Theres no secret, okay? Im going to be 35 when I get married. And if there was a secret, I would have fucking used it. Theres no… secret. Theres no special magic to it. Im never going to be, like, Gather round, ladies. Off the 405 lies a toadhole… You must go to it. No secret. Plus, chances are, if you are single and you are not enjoying that time in your life, youre probably doing everything in your power to not be single. I dont know a single girl out there thats, like, I hate being single. I dont get it. I wash with ham and cat hair. Where is he? Where is he? Women have no problem letting people know that they are looking for a relationship. We shout it from the mountaintops. We take a seminar. We take a class, we ask around. Are you single Do you have a sister? I will take anything at this point. We let people know… We get license plates made like LOOKIN4U. Like, we let you know. I feel like men are more laissez-faire when it comes to relationships. I guess I fell into her, now we got four kids. Its kind of… Its less deliberate. Women are, like, This way. I guess Ill just go that way. It just becomes. Their stories are less deliberate. Ive asked a lot of guys, How did you meet your girl? Ive noticed that about 80% of the stories sound very similar. 80% of the time its, like, How did we meet? All right, well… I was out with my buddies. And you know me, I wasnt looking for anybody. And then I saw her. And that lie becomes… A big part of our narrative as women, this hope that we will go out and a man is going to see us, save us, rescue us. Its this hope that were going to be seen and thats going to happen for us. And we all have this sort of shared fantasy where you walk into a… a club or a bar with five of your girlfriends who look exactly like you. And you walk in and a man picks you out of the crowd, sees you for the beautiful soul that you are, like, decides… like, theres some DJ up there and he looks out and hes, like… Her. And youre, like, Me? And then your life begins, right? This is not our fault for expecting this or thinking this will happen. We have been taught this message since we were little girls. Princesses get saved. Snow White got saved by the prince. It was really the seven dwarves and she was, like, lost in a forest. But, like… seven men. Who is she? Right. Sleeping Beauty was saved when the prince kissed her while she was sleeping. Terrible moral. What do we take away from that? Generations of men, like, No, you kiss em when theyre sleeping, theyre forever grateful. Officer. So naturally we go out hoping to be discovered. Theres this weird thing where a lot of girls, when were single, we dont want to admit that were going out hoping a man notices us. Of course you are, but we dont want to seem desperate. Im just going out with my girlfriends, in full makeup, with padded everything. This is just for fun. Im just going out. Its normal to want to be noticed by someone that you find attractive. Thats the caveat, okay? Its normal… to want attention. Even in a relationship, you still have a beating heart. You still want people to let you know youre attractive. If youre with your guy, youre holding his hand and youre walking, and you see some hot guy, like, You like that? Hes like, I like that. Okay. No harm, no foul. We all try this bullshit, like, Im not even trying. Really? Then put a feed bag over your head. Carry an onion. Youre trying, okay? You dont have to try that hard, but youre going out. Its nice to be noticed. So we all do it. Put on the makeup. Force our chub into some pants. You shove your coyote paws into some heels and we go out. You dont even hunt. What do you do, girls? You just stand in a pack of six other women. Six other coyotes. Getting annoyed that no guys hitting on you? Yeah, theres six of you. Hes terrified. We get annoyed so quickly when a guy doesnt notice all the effort. So what do you say? Like, This sucks, lets take a lap. So you just move… in a perfume cloud around the perimeter of the bar. Maybe theyre more progressive ten feet from here. So this begs the question, as women, as feminists… Maybe some… one or two lazy guys might pause at the question. How come the guys got to hit on the girl? Youre an independent woman. Why cant a girl hit on a guy? Why cant the girl hit on the guy? Gods honest answer? ‘Cause we did all this. You fucking do something, Scott. Thats the answer. Its a lot. Okay. A lot. I havent had bread in five months. Its a lot, okay? A big part of the reason women dont hit on men is that women arent seen as equal to men. Therefore, when we step out of a traditional feminine role, and do something alpha and hit on a guy and he rejects us, it hurts that much more. And on a biological level, you know, at your core, hes not rejecting you based on your shoes or your outfit. Hes rejecting… your eggs. You get up nerve to talk to a guy, like, Excuse me, would you like my eggs? I dont want those fucking eggs. Please! I only have but a few. Women arent seen as equal to men, so its uncomfortable to hit on men. Theres a lot more at risk for us. Maybe one day… in a utopia where men and women are considered equal, maybe one day we can hit on men unencumbered by self-esteem issues. But as it stands now, thats not something we can do. Our grandmothers didnt hit on men. Our mothers didnt hit on men. Maybe one day. Maybe my generation changes it. Its too late. But… maybe my generation, with the hashtags and the tweets, maybe well change it so that our great-granddaughters can hit on men. Yes, thats the dream, that we do the work now so that our great-granddaughters will know the thrill of hitting on a half-in-the-bag Guido outside a taco truck at 2 a.m. ‘Tis but a dream. Another big part of the reason that women dont hit on men is that men are better at dealing with rejection. Sexually. Women are not used to dealing… with rejection… when it comes to sex. Were used to dealing with rejection when it comes to… governing our own bodies, having our own thoughts, getting paid the same as a man, but… when it comes… When it comes to sexual rejection, men deal with it more than women because they have more at bats. They hit on women more. Ask the guy next to you, When was the last time you were sexually rejected? Hell be, like, You mean in the Uber on the way here Like, behind that plane while you were in the bathroom? Be specific. ‘Cause every guy knows… its about the at bats. Its about how many times can you hit on a girl. ‘Cause you know eventually ones going to say yes. When men first start going out, its about quantity over quality, like, Hey, sweetheart! Youre ugly anyway. How about you? You keep going through it. Every guy knows you got to kiss a lot of frogs if youre gonna what, guys? Fuck a frog, thats right. So… ‘Cause he knows. Theyre not going to admit it to you, every guy knows If he hits on, like, 20 women in a night, ones gotta say yes. Like, one gross-outs gotta be, like… Yeah, all right. 2 a.m. Its his Hail Mary, at the buzzer pass, the lights are coming on, hes like, How about you? Some girl will turn around and be, like, Okay. Can we wash my hump before we make love? Just kidding. Its an egg. So… By that same token, men arent allowed to have feelings in our society, which isnt fair. Youre expected to move past it, work through it. Get over it. Women dont get over… anything. No, we dont get over it. Instead, we hold onto it. We hold onto that rejection. We hold onto it. We pluck it out of space-time and we examine it from hindsight. We put it in different scenarios. We bring in experts, like, Stacy, get over here! Remember that guy, took me to Coachella, never called again? Shall we drive to his house? And sometimes… we hold onto the pain of our rejection so tight… that they become part… of the makeup of our personalities. And then we get to use the pain of that past rejection, ladies, as an excuse for why we are the weird brand of fucked-up that we are, now! ‘Cause he broke up with me over breakfast, so now I dont drink milk, and Im annoying. Like, its always… something. Every girl in here remembers almost every time she was rejected. Because, for women, it doesnt happen as much as for men. And every human remembers the first time they were rejected. Ill go first. Fourth grade. So… We were going to sit down for circle time. I went and sat by a boy that I thought was cute. And he told me to go away. Now, hes dead. Now I dont sit in circles any more. But we cherish our rejections. They give us texture, personality. We take each one and we label it. We label each issue, each past grievance, in its own Mason jar. Its very rustic. Pin it. And we put it… into our sack of emotional baggage. Each one. He broke up with me because I slept with his brother. Theyre twins. They should have worn different color hats or something. I was set up. And we put it… into our baggage, and we throw that baggage over our shoulder and what do we do, girls? We then walk it into the new relationship. Yes. And the best part is, the new boyfriend… has no idea… what youre hauling. And he welcomes you. Yes, he welcomes you to the new union. Come on in. You seem pretty cool and well-adjusted. And youre, like, Oh, I am! Yes, this seems like a safe place for me to… unpack my shit! Another big reason women dont hit on men is because men… typically dont find strong women attractive. They dont. Your dates going to look at you, like, No way, babe. I love a strong woman. Bullshit, Chad, okay? They love vulnerability. Its very attractive when a woman is vulnerable. Why is that? Men are very physical creatures. Women are very verbal. Men are very physical. When a woman is vulnerable, hypothetically, it would mean… that she needs physical help. When a man feels he can be of help, physically, then he feels needed, and that makes him feel good and attractive. When a man feels he can insert himself. No pun intended. Fuck it. Were making a comedy show. Pun intended, okay? You got to give him something to do. We, as women, a lot of times fault men for not communicating the way we do. Women speak more words on average than men. Its not that ones better or dumber than the other, its the way we are. We talk at you. I wanna be communicative about being communicative. Youre not saying anything. Why? Youre being uncommunicative. And I want to talk about how much I hate Stacy. When you meet her, youre gonna. We have to have… Hes just sitting there, like, Mongo, no. Like, its scary. If you have any doubt a guy likes you, dont always look for the words, look for the actions. They will show you. I wish someone had told this to me when I was in my 20s. When youre younger, youre, like, Hes not texting back. Hes busy. Hes at work. His family died. Theres no bullshit like that. When a guy likes you, he shows up. If you have any doubt the guy likes you, give him something to do. If a guy likes you, hell do anything. Will you carry this glittery brick of cat shit? Hes, like, No problem. When a guy likes you, carrying your purse isnt an issue. Theyll carry your bags if theyre heavy. Theyll put gas in the car if you dont want to deal. Theyll check under the hood for the… thing, I dont know. But theyll do that. Its very attractive when a woman is vulnerable and needs help. And thats historically always been that way. I didnt make that up. Thats why the term is… damsel in distress. Not overly opinionated dyke who needs a fucking hand, man! Thats why. If a woman can do it herself, its not as attractive. Put it this way. If were all animals, okay? And men are… lions. And women are, like, gazelles. Whats a lion, if hes hungry, more likely to go after? The gazelle, running at 90, unencumbered by a self-esteem issue? Like, I own my home and have a Ph.D. I enjoy witty banter, I just put a down payment on a boat, and I dont hate my daddy. Onward! Or… remember hes hungry. Or… the gazelle with the broken hoof, like, Help, how does basketball work? Like, what? An easier meal. Side note. I am aware that its the lioness not the lion that does the hunting. Lets pretend that lion was a bachelor and hadnt met his wife yet. Okay, so… We got the zoologist questions out of the way. So… I will stand up here, and perhaps women in your life you consider strong will stand before you and tell you, Be strong, do it your way, be tough. Its one thing to say that, and for a lot of women its very difficult to live that when everything that were taught tells us the opposite. Every movie weve seen since we were little girls has an opposite message. In movies, its not the strong girl, the funny girl, the brave girl, the smart girl, the loud girl, the opinionated girl who gets the hot guy. No, girls like me get, like, fucking Steve Zahn and Jonah Hill. Like, thats what… She is funny, he looks funny, then theyll fuck funny and appreciate each other. And its always… its always the quiet girl. Right, the new girl that gets, like, Channing Tatum. Its always the girl that doesnt realize how beautiful she is. The girl that isnt funny, isnt opinionated. The subtext of that message is, Thats right. Thats right, girls. Men dont like a lippy woman, so zip it, honey. Its always the girl that doesnt know shes hot. Which, by the way, that Hollywood archetype? Bullshit. Okay? Its bullshit. Because you fucking know when youre hot. No ones walking around, like, What do I do with these giant tits and thin legs? How did I get on this Victorias Secret catwalk? Im choking on my silky hair. Like, you know. We keep seeing the same story over and over. Its about the girl thats unsure of herself, and a guy sees through it, and she realizes how beautiful she is when she takes off her glasses… its the same thing. Always the girl, like, I dont know if I should go out. The girls that are outgoing that maybe enjoy their bodies, are confident, like, Lets go out! I dont know. I should stay home. Ive never left the house before. Were taking you out. Lets go drink, lets go dance– I should stay in. Stay in and study. Were 35. What are you fucking talking about? Lets go! Walk into the nightclub, all the girls that are confident are dancing, theyre having fun. Like, Hey, Channing Tatum! Hes, like, Later, hookers. I want her! All the girls– Uh-uh. Her. Cut to our hero, shes just sitting there in a corner, just… maybe she wore, like, board shorts to the club. She has no idea. Shes reading a book. Maybe she has brown hair. Whatever. Before you get all offended at that, look at all of our eyebrows. We all have brown hair, okay. Maybe not you, I dont know. I dont see any pure Norwegians here, okay? This joke isnt about shaming that type of woman. This joke is not about that. Whatever kind of woman you are, quiet, fat, small, big or tall, loud, you dont know much, you got a gill, whatever kind of woman you are… you are right. Thats it. Whatever youve chosen to be… whatever you want to be… you are correct in being that as long as youre happy. My point to you, is if you are the shy type, if you are the wallflower, if you are the shrinking violet, if you are another… floral metaphor that has to do… with being an introvert, my point to you is that you dont want the guy who wants you because of that energy. A man who wants a woman because she looks scared… is a sexual predator. Okay? All these girls that he could hit on, he picks the one thats shivering like a wet chihuahua. Like a nervous street urchin just in a corner putting out all kinds of no vibes. You dont want the guy that walks up, like, Excuse me. I couldnt help but notice you look terrified. Wanna see my dick? So… I was out with my buddies. I wasnt looking for anyone. And I saw her. The idea… that in a nightlife setting… that the man would ever see the woman… before the woman saw the man. No. Women are astute, but moreover, women are the ones with the biological clocks. Women are the ones with the socially predetermined shelf life. Women are the ones who are cantilevered off the edge of high heels. Weve got five hours before we take them off and walk through a lobby flat-foot, okay. Women are the ones whose skin and foundation is dehydrating with every alcoholic beverage imbibed. We are the ones on a time crunch, on a schedule, okay? You saw me first? Bullshit, motherfucker. I clocked you! Like, the second you walked in. Dudes walk in in a pack, unaware, like, Id better fill out this bracket, or Ill turn into a pumpkin at midnight. Youre not even… You walked in, I was already hunting with five other women. He walked in and I was, like, Hold! And then we stalked around you. Encircled you, sussed you out, like a German shepherd sniffing out an IED in the sand, motherfucker. Like, we… A lot of times, men pride themselves on being very observant, right? Ever date a guy that, you go to a restaurant, cant sit with his back to the door? I gotta sit with my back to the wall so I can assess all entrance and exit points. I gotta make sure that– Okay, while youre checking out the people eating at Dennys, I checked your fucking credit score, okay? While you were doing counter-surveillance, I looked you up and down, I gave you a pre-cancer mole check. Its benign, move on. I looked at everything. Im an alpha. I gotta look at the door. If you ever date a man that says hes an alpha… hes a beta. So… A lion doesnt tell you hes a lion. He just lets the girl hunt for him. Okay, so… So, we look at everything. You think men judge women harshly? They do. But, gentlemen, you have no idea what were looking at. Were judging your hair, your shoes, we scan you, like Predator. Every atom, every molecule of your DNA, we go through it like… Scanning for physical abnormalities. Is he balding Is that a goatee Is his shirt unbuttoned too low for his ethnicity? Is he wearing embroidered jeans? If so, is he a European male or just someone from Arizona? Like, we go through it. We go through it. We arent looking to see if youre the hottest guy ever. Nay. We are merely assessing if youre 50% attractive enough that we want to put the effort into putting ourselves in your orbit. So that, in an hour, after a drink or two, you, gentlemen, have the luxury of turning around and being, like, Oh, excuse me, I couldnt help but notice. Then we turn around, like… Really? Thats it. Just set it up for you to knock it down. A lot of times its not that easy. We see a guy we think is cute… and he doesnt notice us, so we have to make you… notice us. A lot of times, we get our girlfriend to help us. Every girls done this. Theres a boy over there you think is cute, youre, like, Come here. Do you see that guy, over there? Over there. Over there. Do you see him Are you looking? Dont look! Do you see him Is he looking Hes looking? Start dancing. Come here, keep talking. Say something funny so I dont look like a loser. Youre trying to put out… this vibe that youre so carefree. ‘Cause you, and dont lie about this, you want him to look over and be, like, There will never be another, there has never been another. She is the one. You want him to be so taken. She looks like she doesnt need a man, so carefree. Im so carefree, I dont use condoms! So effortless. If he was close, he wouldnt be hearing it. From afar, you want him to hear… Sports. If he were close, what hed actually hear is your– Like, youre trying so hard. Please! Hes going to find you, hell see you at some point. Theres only so many places in a bar, a club, that your eyes can fall. Hes going to see you. This is the important part girls, okay? Youre out there, its a competitive situation. Theres a lot of girls, theres a lot of bars. Hes gonna look at you, thats your chance, okay? Thats your chance. Youve only got one shot. Its like 8 Mile, but with flirting. Hopefully theres no vomit on your shirt. Maybe its a good thing. Hed be, like, She parties! I dont know. Hes going to look over, the lights are going to reflect and refract, and theyll hit you both and hes gonna see you, and thats your chance, ladies, to fucking stick it, and pose, like a peacock in heat that you are. Just… Dont dance like that. Little bit of insight to stand-up comedy, and the risk and reward with choosing certain jokes. That joke is a risk because I realize not every one here knows… what a peacock sounds like. But for, like, the 12 of you that knew, it was so worth it for me. And for the rest of you, the good news is you dont ever have to hear a peacock, cause that was, like, top ten peacock impressions youre going to hear… tonight. I hate it. I hate the noise. Im allowed to make fun of peacocks, cause I grew up with them. What I find so unsettling, if I might divert from the stand-up to a TED Talk about ornithology for two seconds, the… its the dip in the mating call that gives me… Its just not… We, as avian enthusiasts, which is why youve come to my comedy show… enjoy consistency in a mating call. Like, a crow or a raven is like… It just goes. Right? And a dove and its low-rent cousin, the pigeon, thats just… Right? The dove and the bird it loans money to, just… Right? And we all know a warbler goes like… Im a warbler. I dont know. And then… and the bald eagle is, like, Fucking freedom! Okay, so… we know. To me, the peacock sounds like a tired hooker. Like hes just standing on the corner, like, You want a fuck or what? I already paid for the room. Another side note, I realize the peacock is the male. Theyre the ones with the plumage. The female peacock is a peahen. Their colors are muted. So really its a feminist joke cause its about a male prostitute. Mmm, okay, so… So you peacock and he sees you, and he walks up. I couldnt help but notice… And you start talking, maybe you have some drinks, maybe you dance, maybe you exchange numbers, maybe you start to date. Now, I happen to think the very beginning of a new relationship is the most exciting part of the relationship. Granted, Im not married yet, so, technically, Ive only had beginnings of relationships. I dont know. I cant say empirically how fun being married is. Ill tell you on the next comedy special what thats all about. But I dont know. The beginning of a relationship is exciting because its brand new. Youre both on your best behavior, its still electric, youre not totally sure about the history of mental illness in each family. Its fun. And the most nerve-wracking part of a new relationship when youre younger, is the first time a boy comes over to your apartment. ‘Cause its ostensibly like your girlfriend audition time. You want him to come in and be, like, Its so homey. Id like to stay forever. Yes, come closer. Like, thats what you want. You try so hard in your 20s, right? Because youre young, and its fun. Thats your 20s. In your 30s… In your 30s, homeboy knocks on the door, you open it, youre in combat boots, nothing else, and a garbage can on fire, youre, like, Welcome to Fuckdome, Scott. Ticket? Okay, so… But its interesting, in your 20s, its a weird mental game. Boys coming over for the first time, youre trying to reconcile the beautiful home that your mother kept that you lived in growing up, with the beautiful home that, like, Pinterest says youre supposed to have. And the fact that you have no fucking money, so… Should I buy a rug or eat dinner? I dont know. Its so hard. Boys coming over, you are cleaning like youve never cleaned before, and its hard because women secretly are… filthy. No one wants to laugh about it. Not me! And no guy wants to imagine, like, No way, my girlfriends so hot. Yeah Check the center console of her car. Shes owned that car for a decade. Every year, the shit just piles up. You open it, like, I didnt know an Acura came with a time capsule! You shut it. You open it again. You just hear, Help! Theres something in there. Its our little filthy secret stockpile, right? Its a Now Thats What I Call Music CD. In case they come back! Yeah. Its one of those cables that plugs from the tape player into the CD player. Its spilled nail polish, its a little bit of weed dust. Its a… Calgon body spray, cause youd rather smell like a stripper than weed. Its that… Its a Lip Smacker, Dr Pepper flavor, thats just… lying there with a gash in the wax neck, like, Tell my children I died well. Like its… its an iPhone 4 charger. Its some McDonalds napkins. Its a French fry. Times that center console by a million… in her apartment. You are just cleaning with Swiffer and Brawny. Its like a winter wonderland of paper towels. Youre just shoving shit under the rugs. You didnt build a shelf, I dunno how that fucking works. Youre just moving everything, you take everything– You put your coats in the oven. Burn em! I live in L.A. Take everything. Put your cat in a hamper for now, Marbles. We dont know how he feels about cats. Taking everything, youre cleaning. Youre discovering new rooms in your apartment. How come the water heater gets its own closet? Fuck it! You beg your gross-out roommate, Please, just stay in your room. Youre so fucking disgusting. Shes there, on a throne of Wendys wrappers, like, Okay! You text me dick pics. Hello. Shut the door. Cleaning. Lighting Glade candles like its a fucking Catholic mass. Smells like ham in here! Youre just trying to make it nice. He opens the door. Youre, like, Hi! He walks in. Hes, like, Oh, place is cool. Youre, like, Fuck you. And theres an art, by the way, to the outfit you wear the first time a boy comes over to your place at night. You dont want to wear… what you wore during the day. Dont want work clothes. You dont want to wear your daytime clothes, cause… cause its nighttime. What if that was the end of my show? I hit my head. You dont want to wear your civilian clothes, okay. ‘Cause you had a whole day. Maybe you sweat in them, theyre gross. However, at the other end of the sartorial spectrum, you dont want to go, like, super hardcore sexy the first time a guys coming over. Just relax. You dont want to wear nipple tassels. Now… some women are, like, Wait a minute. I am the woman that has stood here before and will stand here before you again and let you know you can wear whatever you want. It doesnt give a man the right to put his hands on you. No always means no. Thats like a boiler-plated given. No means no. Kindergarteners get it. I dont know why we forget that as adult males, but… no means no. This is less about that, and more about just being mentally kind to the other person. You show up in that, hell be, like, Oh, my god! The bloods gonna go from here to his dick, hes gonna impale himself, hes gonna sue you, and you aint got no money. So… just be kind, because, mentally, its like, Maybe she wants me. I dont know. Oh, my god. Its frustrating. You know, girls, itd be like if you have the worst day, you came home to your boyfriend, like… I had the worst day. I got fired, and… I cried in front of everyone and… I ate that French fry from my car. It was just such a hard day. Your boyfriends like, Aw, babe. You want to talk about it? Youre, like, Yeah. Hes, like, Just kidding. Psych. Thats what it would be like. So the question is, if I cant wear work clothes, I cant wear nipple tassels, whats a girl to do? Theres an entire, sort of intermediary, post-dinner, pre-bedtime apparel world. Theres a whole category of clothing that you, as women, have mastered without even realizing it. The category is called athleisure wear. This is an entire clothing category. Its a multi-billion-dollar clothing category predicated on the idea that, as a woman, sometimes you dont have time to change when youre going from the boardroom to Pilates. Theres no fucking way. You gotta be ready. Sometimes youre going right from spin to open-heart surgery, and youve got to look good. Thats– Spin to open-heart surgery What are you fucking talking about? So what is athleisure wear? Its athletic apparel you wouldnt really work out in. Right? So its… yoga pants with, like, a racing stripe. You just… race to your snacks. Sometimes its like a complicated tank top. Its, like, not quite supportive. Theyre, like, Its backless. What do you do? You dont wear a bra. Im sorry, what the fuck did you just say? I dont wear a bra? So if the athletic part comes into play, and I have to run, its gonna be… No! My whole life… theyve been pitching to me, Its a tank top, theres a shelf built in. Its a… Go fuck your shelf, okay? I want a bra. I want a bra! We do that. Sometimes well do, like, a push-up bra under the tank. Show the strap off. Its got to be a cute strap. Not beige. No one goes, Ooh, beige. Like magenta. ‘Cause thats not as sexy as red. Magentas like, Maybe well fuck. Reds like, Were gonna fuck! Push-up bra. Thats what we do for you, gentlemen. You have no idea… of the sacrifices. Not a woman here wears a push-up bra when shes at home with the flu. No one walking around, like, I just like it when my nipples are near my tongue. Its just safer that way. He gets to be comfortable. Youre all bundled up, sitting there in a push-up bra on your couch, drinking with this dude youre having a date with. Hes got his shoes off, shirt off. Youre suffocating under your own tits, watching House Hunters. Crown molding. Youre all dressed up, have a nice night. Maybe sleep together, maybe you dont. Thats not what Im interested in. What I want to talk about is the next morning, when he goes to leave. What Ive always found so endearing about men… I find many things endearing about you. But… you think… we stay… that put-together… once youre gone. You have no idea. They have no idea… what lies beneath. You have no idea… that under the hair, and the make-up, and the lashes, and the shelf, and the bras… for every woman, lies the beating heart of a hungry… exhausted… annoyed… she-dragon! And she is waiting to come out. She comes out every couple hours. Like opinions, sweat, urine. Hopefully you pee more than every couple hours, still. Shes got to. You gotta let her out, and shes waiting. And homeboy is taking forever to leave, hes, like, All right, I guess Ill give you a call later. Your dragons, like, Get out! Get out. I got to take a shit. Get out! Get rid of him. I gotta go in that bathroom I share with another grown woman and take a Jurassic thunderdump, mostly in the bowl, then send him a picture like Im doing something hot. Hey. Get out! I feel like the boys here dont believe me. That breaks my heart. I want you to trust me, okay? You dont believe me that theres a dragon inside every woman. I will prove it to you. Are you ready? Theres no zipper, okay. Ill let you prove it to yourselves. Tomorrow, when you leave your girl, okay, and youre saying goodbye at the door… heres what you want to do. Look deep in her eyes. This is great, because, shell be, like, Oh, my god, hes mesmerized by me. This is amazing. Im doing amazing. Great, let her think that. It buys you time, gentlemen. Because what youre looking for in her eyes is like a nictitating membrane, okay. For those who dont know, its the lid under the lid that keeps the sand out. You need more Planet Earth from Netflix in your lives, okay. Thats what youre looking for. If you want to see… the dragon come out on its own, just prolong your goodbye, cause that dragons coming out. Nothing you can do about it. Just take a little longer. All right, well, I have your number, right? Lemme make sure. Okay, great, you have my number. Bye! Youre just flying round your own studio apartment. You cant go outside. You will get shot down. Like, this isnt fucking Kings Landing. Like, you cant… youre just doing it for the cardio. Tiny pulses, ladies. Were toning, were firming. You fly into your kitchen. You land on your counter. Youre hungry, right? So you take out a talon. You skewer an entire sleeve of Oreos. You toast it. Your dragon body and your farts arent the only thing youve been holding in all night. Youve also been holding in… your intentions. We have this really nasty habit in our society of labeling women very cruel and unfair things when they express their desire for very normal things. Monogamy, exclusivity, a relationship, a family, babies. Right? We like to call them desperate, sad, psychos, baby crazy. Weve been married for six years. She already wants a kid! Im a fuck man! They cant get me. Its very normal to want these things. And we like to chastise women for this. And so, as women, sometimes we dont speak our truth. You go on a first date, and a guy says, Do you want to have kids? And you say no. Or I dont know. When you do know. Because you dont want to what? Scare them off. By the way… if youre the kind of woman that doesnt want kids, youre still a woman. This jokes not about you. Wait your turn, okay. Another by the way. Gentlemen… you ask a girl if she wants to have kids, and she says yes… it doesnt necessarily mean with you. And its interesting… because your views about relationships or marriage or children do change the older you get. Some girls are in the crowd, in your 20s, youre, like, Whatever, elder millennial. I dont care. Im 20. Im going to be a gypsy and make jewelry out of cat noses. Yeah. I dont care. I get it. Thats totally fair. I was like that at one point. Society tells you over and over, they say, How old are you? Im 23. Oh, my god, you have so much time. And you do. But not much. So… Its not about deciding now, its about not writing it off totally. Because I never thought about it, Gods honest truth. I wasnt anti or for. I figured you get a boyfriend, life goes on. When I was in my 20s, I loved– still do– stand-up, traveling, working. And I figured, when you turn 30, the government issues you a house, an okay-looking husband, a baby, a plant, youre done! I never thought about it. And its interesting, because my reaction to children, and I dont know how many kids I want. I dont want like a Duggar situation, but maybe one. One cool baby. I dont know. Id be in the airport in my 20s and Id hear a baby cry. All the women would be, like, Oh, my god, its a child. Id be, Oh, my god, dont sit by me. Like, thats all. Get it away. Its interesting, cause I never thought about it. It changes slightly, the chemistry, the way you think about it. I was in the airport the other day. There was a baby there. And the baby made a big mistake. ‘Cause that baby… let a chubby baby leg… hang from his blankie. I had to squeeze it. I was, like, What is this feel– I found myself moving toward the mother. And I knew… intrinsically, I knew… she would let me squeeze his leg. Because women dont fear other women. When it comes to children, not like the corporate ladder or dating, but… she knows Im not creepy and I mean that baby no harm. Thats something we can trade on as women. Women arent scary. Late at night, if a womans walking toward you, you dont cross to the other side. I mean, you do if shes, like, Purple hippo! When youre in an elevator and a woman gets on, you dont clutch your purse and back up a little. Women arent scary and women arent creepy. Thats an important thing to remember. No matter what we get faulted for, and well get faulted for a lot, things like aging, things you can totally control. No matter how much weight you gain, how many wrinkles you get, no matter how opinionated you are, no matter what you become as a woman, women are welcome around public parks and childrens birthday parties. Always. I could go to an elementary school right now in a hospital gown, with a raccoon on a leash… and the children would be, like, You have a weird dog. Because of that inherent fact that women are not creepy. Men. All youve got to do is part your hair wrong. So I get up near this baby, I wipe the sweat from my brow, I calm myself and say to the woman, Excuse me, hi. I need to squeeze your babys leg. She was, like, Absolutely! Get in there! Get in there! His name is Charlie. She gave me his blood type, his social security number… Theres an art to squeezing a baby leg. Youre not actually squeezing. Youre taking your pincher fingers, and youre putting it like this, and lightly oscillating… allowing the fat to rapidly undulate… so fast it looks like a fluid motion, not unlike the flapping of a hummingbirds wings, okay. This is how I give a hand job. Baby leg! Any pressure you would apply to said leg, you divert up to your back molar, and you grind it. When you feel enamel starting to break down, thats how you know you gotta get out of there, okay. You know youre at maximum capacity for cuteness when you start making thinly veiled threats to the child. Im going to eat that leg. Im gonna bite that nose! The mom was into it! She was, like, Eat his fucking leg! Im gonna eat that leg. Bite his fucking nose! Im gonna eat that nose! Everyones into it, except the kid whos being the adult. Hes, like, What the fuck is this? Baby leg. So… back to our original narrative. Youre a dragon in your kitchen. And those maternal, we dont have to restrict it to just women. Paternal, parental. Those maternal urges start to bubble up. Because theyre unrealized. You did not verbalize last night on your date that you might, one day, possibly, with the right person, want kids. Its bubbling up, youre sitting there, eating your Oreos, like… Baby. I want a child. Family. Baby. Whos the baby? You look over and who do 100% of us take out our parental urges on? Our pets. Whos the baby? Your dog is sitting there, like, Oh, fuck, its me! And you, scoop him up, you dont give him a chance to run. You sweep all four legs, Daniel-san, just… And you throw him on his back! The dogs, like, This is not natural! And then you start to rock it. Now youre a psychopath. Whos the baby? And the dogs, like, Please, Im nauseous! Youre an angel. Who wants kisses, who wants kisses? The dog doesnt know theyre kisses. All the dog sees are your canine incisors coming at his face. This tooth right here is what lets him know that youre a fucking carnivore. Human beings dont get this close to other human beings faces unless its like a UFC weigh-in, like, Im gonna eat you, motherfucker! Thats exactly… Whos the baby? The dogs, like, Please put me down! Who wants belly kisses? Please dont bite my dick! It doesnt even occur to you that he might be terrified. Youre, like, Oh, he loves his mama. He loves– He loves you? Next time, notice the Cirque du Soleil stunt your dog is willing to pull… to get away from your love. Hes, like, I died well! Dog looks up at you. Closes his blouse. Goes and hides under something he deems impenetrable, like a kitchen chair. Yes, from behind these four legs, I will lead the war. Whats really fucked-up… is that ten minutes later… the dog has forgotten. Hes forgotten the broad strokes… of the abuse. Heres what he knows. He knows something bad… happened. He knows… something bad will happen again. And again, and again. He also knows… that he loves you. But hes conflicted. Because he knows that the person he loves… is the one whos going to make the bad thing happen. Its like Stockholm syndrome meets Groundhog Day. Heres whats even more fucked-up. Ten minutes later… you need another hit. Youre just coming down off your high, youre, like, I gotta go to the grocery store. Ive got a callback– Whos the baby? This time he doesnt remember. Hes, like, I dont know! I dont know. Why dont I remember? Youre getting closer. Whos the baby? I dont know. The dogs having very blurry flashbacks of teeth, and kisses, and belly rubs. Its like Westworld for dogs. Whos the baby? I dont know! Leave me alone! Whos the baby? I dont know! I dont know who the– He looks down at his arm and theres a tattoo that just says… Youre the baby. Youre the baby. So, Im getting married. One of the lovely things about the man that Im marrying is that he has never asked me to change anything about myself. This is a very weird job. Were on a ship. Im telling jokes. Those things dont go together. Hes always been respectful of my job, hes never asked that I not go, not go to work, that I not take a gig. The only thing hes ever asked that I not do was a couple of weeks ago, we were getting ready for bed, and I came out, dressed, and he looked at me and went, Babe. Love you. Can you not wear mens basketball shorts to bed? And I was, like, Interesting request. Proceed. He goes, Uh… Love you. Think youre beautiful. Its just that… Im not as attracted to you and I dont really want to have sex with you… when youre in mens basketball shorts. I was, like, Oh… thats the idea! Thanks for the ring, fucker! Hes sitting in the back, like, We fuck. I mean… My dads also here so that was a weird take, so… A big part of getting married is you have to buy a wedding dress. And this is just one more milestone in our lives as women where other women dont clue us in on how terrible it actually is. We say were girls girls and feminists, but none of us, like, give the truth about girl things. We act like its sugar and spice, I keep my cereals in canisters like a psycho, Im doing it, yoga. Okay. Everything, every big thing in a womans life. Oh, you had your period? Welcome to being a woman. Theres no homegirl, like, Youre gonna wanna rip out your ovaries, and hate your body, and youre gonna cry. Youre gonna want a lot of chocolate. Probably not even go to school. Your skins gonna break out. Welcome to womanhood. Get in the game. They dont say that, okay? Youre having a baby? Oh, its so beautiful. Come here. Youre gonna shit yourself. Then societys gonna judge you cause you didnt get your body back like that. Youre getting a wedding dress? Oh, its so magical. So magical. You show up. Its so magical. You show up. Your mother is there. She doesnt tell you you look tired. Youve lost so much weight, every dress just cascades off of you. A modeling coach walks by and says, ‘Shes too beautiful for the runway. You stand there. Your best friends are there, and they… And none of them are jealous. And a dove brings you the perfect silken… and it just… No. Its you standing there at a dress shop in West Hollywood with your mom on FaceTime asking you how FaceTime works. Just use the button! Ask somebody near you! Theres some Russian seamstress at the bottom, like, Your hips are too wide for this cut. You should not try it on. Then you go eat Chick-fil-A. Like, thats buying a wedding dress. So, I was trying on wedding dresses, and I figured I should go with a big princess dress, because thats the chance to wear it, so I put it on, and I come out… and I realize, if thats the kind of dress you wear, if you extrapolate your wedding dress from the actual day… youre dressed like a lunatic. For, like, deeply disturbing psychological reasons. Youre, like, Im a pretty princess. Im a pr– No, youre Gaby, and you work in HR. You are not a pr– No, Im a pretty princess. And all of your maids have to agree with you, like, Yes, fairest of all. Im a pr– Im a ballerina princess! ‘Cause Ive got Arena shoes. ‘Cause Im Daddys ballerina. Im a pretty princess. Bring me Snow Whites heart on a platter. So Im trying all different dresses, and theres this weird phenomenon with women, when you try on more than three articles of clothing. There is no fourth. You just start crying. Theres something about incandescent lighting hitting your fat cells that actually makes them multiply on the spot. You get angry. Do you ever do this move where you hit your fat, hoping to pop it? It doesnt. It just leaves a bruise, then you cant wear shorts. So… I started to get upset and I did the mistake that all women do. I started to get angry about something on my body I couldnt control. Every girls got a thing that she hates about herself thats impossible to change. For me, I dont like how tall I am. That makes it sound like Im tall. I wish I were taller. So tall. To you, like, Shes so tall. ‘Cause Im this big on your TV. But I am 55. And it kills me. Its not short enough that– Do you shop at Gap Kids? Youre so petite! No. And its not tall enough that people assume Im a natural athlete. Im just this average… 55… member of the proletariat marching to pick a size 7 shoe. Like, its just… Anytime you tell another woman what you dont like about yourself, they never let you say it. Oh, Id kill to have your hair. Id kill to have your beak, I love your feathers. Its like… So, Im sitting there, getting ready to pick out a dress for my wedding, and I was angry. Thats not an emotion you want to attach… to your wedding. I started to feel sad, and, for me, when I get upset about something, I attach it to literally everything else in my life. And it spirals. Its not about the dress, its about how I feel about the dress, its how I feel about me, Ill marry my dog, well live in the woods! Like, it just goes, like that. Started to get real angry about my body cause it wasnt fitting perfectly into the right dress that I wanted. I stopped and was, like, If Im feeling this way right now, theres gotta be other women who feel this way. So Im going to say this cause I wish Id given myself this pep talk that day. Heres the truth. Girls, your bodies are perfect… and normal… and functional… and beautiful. Theres always one girl in back with a horn. What about me? No. Not you! Shave it. Quit following me. But weve been brainwashed into trying to live up to this Instagram Photoshop example of what beauty is. And some girls do look like that. Fuck them. No, some girls do. Theres always something you dont like. We have to stop faulting ourselves for things that are very normal. Ive got cellulite. What if he doesnt want to have sex with me cause I have cellulite? Well, 100% of women have some form of cellulite. If he doesnt want to fuck you cause you got cellulite, hed better start fucking dudes, cause… theres no other option till the robots take over. Moreover, he doesnt want to have that conversation. A guy doesnt find it attractive when you verbalize over and over how much you hate something. But my cellulite? I showed it to you. Look at that. Ill make a face out of it. He doesnt… The conversation he wants to have is the following. Let me ask you a question. Are you going to continue to breathe during intercourse? Youre, like, Yeah, I was planning on it. Hes, like, Then were cool. That holds up in court… I found out. But Ive got this, and chub, and I dont like my arms. And I have stretch marks, from growing from an infant! And I dont want to be this hand-holding, like, Every woman is perfect. Look, you might not be perfect, okay. Im not here to judge that, if youre not, if you are. What I say is its up to you to decide how much you love your body. Fuck everybody else. Dont fuck them– Not literally. But… if it makes you feel good! It probably wont. Its up for you to decide, because we get so upset, and you know what? The guy you like probably isnt even going to notice the thing you hate. Most people wont. Men wont. Most of the things, a guy is not going to notice. Theyre not that observant. 40% of men can only see three colors. 40% of the men here dont know that thats red. Notice its a hollow laugh. 40% of the men are, like, Hah! Oh, fuck. Siri, what is red? And, again, you might have a perfect body. You might not have a great body. I dont know what you got under that tarp. You could have… blown out the whole region with a bad wax strip, I dont know. But I do know is this. Whatever you have as a woman, whatever your body looks like, girls. However bad you think it is pales in comparison to the look of 100% of… scrotums! What is that? What the fuck is that? Why is this not the topic of every State of the Union address? Why is this– how come– my thighs cant touch, but you have two dead baby birds, hanging. Sir, bat-like. Hanging. Sometimes so low, theyre in the toilet water. Hanging. Every guy here is laughing, smiling, or not making eye contact with me. Because its never occurred to men to question their bodies. Every guy is, like, Why wouldnt you want this on your face for free? If we are to move forward as women, as feminists, we need to decide we wont be shamed for what our bodies look naturally either. And just so you know, gentlemen. Its something that we tolerate. But its not something that we fantasize about. Its just the way it is, so we never really question it. But no woman growing up was, like, This is my Backstreet Boys poster. This is NSYNC. And this is a nut sack! Like, none of us! Its hideous and, Ill tell you something else, its a little traumatizing. ‘Cause we put effort into the way we look. And were sitting in bed, waiting for you to come out, just like you have every night, and you come out the bathroom naked. You look at us, and we look at you, like, Oh, god, there it is. Whos the baby? Thank you so much for coming out tonight to have a good time. Thank you.

HANNAH GADSBY@NANETTE@2018@[Bobby Reid plays] ? Theres blood in the water ? ? Wont you cut me down? ? ? ‘Cause people keep on calling ? ? Wont you cut me down? ? ? Bobby Reid, wont you please ? ? Cut me down? ? Thank you very much. Thank you. Mightve peaked a bit early, but… Welcome to my show. My show is called Nanette. And the reason my show is called Nanette, is because I named it before I wrote it. I named it at around the time Id met a woman called Nanette… who I thought was very interesting. So interesting. Nanette, I thought, I reckon I can squeeze a good hour of laughs out of you, Nanette, I reckon. But… turns out… no. I met her in a small-town café. Now, I feel… I dont feel comfortable in a small town. I get a bit tense. Mainly because I am this situation. And in a small town, thats all right from a distance. People are like, Oh, good bloke! And then… get a bit closer and its like, Oh no! Trickster woman, what are you doing? I get a lot of side-eye. So I feel quite tense in a small town. Now, Im from a small town, a very small town in… Im from Tasmania. Now, of course, Tasmania is that little island floating off the… arse end of mainland Australia there, just… Lovely place. Famous for a lot of things. Potatoes. Very… And our frighteningly small gene pool. Thats… I wish I was joking. But I am very partial to the potato. Very versatile… vegetable. And not all the branches go directly away from the trunk in our family tree, I will admit. Its a bit… topiary. But… I love Tasmania. I loved growing up there. I felt right at home, I did. But I had to leave as soon as I found out I was a little bit lesbian. And you do find out, dont you? Yeah. I got a letter. Dear Sir/Madam. Wasnt a great letter to receive in mid-90s Tasmania. Because the wisdom of the day was if you chose to be gay… I say wisdom, even though homosexualitys clearly not a choice. Wisdom is always relative, you know. And in a place like Tasmania, everythings very relative, but I… But the wisdom of the day was that, if you chose to be gay, then you should just get yourself a one-way ticket to the mainland, and dont come back. Gays… why dont you just pack your AIDS up into a suitcase there and fuck off to Mardi Gras? Because homosexuality was a crime in Tasmania til 1997. Not long enough ago. And I took a long time to come to terms with my sexuality. Theres a few reasons for that. A lot of it has to do with bad press. Yeah, they didnt get a good rap when I was growing up, the homosexuals. We didnt have social media like we do now, but… Letters to the Editor, let me tell you. Slow Twitter. Brutal. But in all the debate about… homosexuality… no one ever really talked about the lesbians. You know? It was all the gay men. Theyre the problem! Anal sex. Thats when the devil will get you! But lesbians, theyre like, No… What even are they? What they do, though, really? Do they even exist if no ones watching, really? No, dont worry about them. No harm in a cuddle. For a long time, I knew more facts about unicorns than I did about lesbians. Another reason I struggled with– There are no facts about unicorns. Another reason I struggled to identify as gay was the Sydney Gay and Lesbian Mardi Gras. Precisely that. The Mardi Gras was my first introduction to my people. I watched it on… my TV in my little living room in my small town. That was my first introduction to my people. The Mardi Gras. My people… flaunting their lifestyle in a parade! I used to watch it, going, There they are, my people. Theyre busy, arent they? Gosh. Dont they love to dance and party? I used to sit there and watch it and go, Where… where do the quiet gays… go? Where are the quiet gays supposed to go? I still do. Im just like… the pressure on my people to express our identity and pride through the metaphor of party is very intense. Dont get me wrong, I love the spectacle, I really do, but Ive never felt compelled to get amongst it. Do you know? Im a quiet soul. My favorite sound in the whole world is the sound of a teacup finding its place on a saucer. Oh, its very, very difficult to flaunt that lifestyle in a parade. I dont even like the flag. Controversial! But there, Ive said it. Now… the Pride flag, now, I love what it means, that is perfect. Pride. Wonderful. But the flag itself? Bit busy. Its just six very shouty, assertive colors, stacked on top of each other, no rest for the eye. An afternoon of that waving in my face, I need to express my identity through the metaphor of a nap. I dont… I dont think Im very good at gay. Im not the only who thinks that. Ive… Ive been getting a bit of negative feedback of late from my people, the lesbians. Bit of negative feedback. ‘Cause, gosh, dont my people love the feedback. Not… Not shy! Not shy with the feedback. One of our spokespeople last year… Self-appointed. One of our spokespeople approached me straight after one of my shows to give me a bit of feedback, and thats my favorite time for feedback. Straight after a show? Yes, please! That is when my skin is at its thickest. The feedback? Apparently, she said, I was very disappointed in your show this year, Hannah. I just dont think there was enough lesbian content. Id been on stage the whole time. I didnt… even straighten up halfway through, you know? Perhaps Ive been slacking off a bit. When I first started… the comedy, over a decade ago, always, nothing but. Nothing but lesbian content. Wall to wall. My first ever show…  was classic new gay comic 101. My coming out story. I told lots of cool jokes about homophobia. Really solved… that problem. Tick. I told… a story about the time this young man had almost beaten me up because he thought… I mean, he thought I was cracking on to his girlfriend. Actually, that bit was true, got that right, but…. there was a twist. It happened late at night, it was at the bus stop. The pub had closed, it was the last bus home, and I was waiting at the bus stop. And I was talking to a girl, and… you know, you could say flirting. I dont know. And… out of nowhere, he just comes up and starts shoving me, going, Fuck off, you fucking faggot! And he goes, Keep away from my girlfriend, you fucking freak! And shes just stepped in, going, Whoa, stop it! Its a girl! And hes gone, Oh, sorry. He said, Oh, Im so sorry. I dont hit women, he said. What a guy! I dont hit women. How about you dont hit anyone? Good rule of thumb. And he goes, Sorry, I got confused. I thought you were a fucking faggot… trying to crack on to my girlfriend. Now I understand I have a responsibility to help lead people out of ignorance at every opportunity I can, but I left him there, people. Safety first. The main part, the centerpiece, of that show, was coming out to my family, and particularly my mom. Because my mom is very funny. She lives a comedy better than I can ever write it. Her response to me coming out, when I told her I was a little bit lesbian… Baby steps. Her response… was this. Shes just gone,Oh, Hannah. Why did you have to tell me that? Thats not something I need to know. I mean, what if I told you I was a murderer? Its still funny. And its a fair call. Murderer. Murderer. You would hope thats a phase. Real jokes. But I reckon Ive been slacking off in recent years with my lesbian content. I dont think Ive been representing my people as much as I should be. You know, last year, my grandma asked me if I had a boyfriend. And I realized, in that moment, that Id… quite forgotten… to come out to Grandma. I thought Id… I remember it being on my to-do list. I thought, Ill wait till it comes up in conversation. But it never does. But finally it did. But I did not take the opportunity! No, I deflected it like a real man. I said, No… No, Grandma. No, I dont have time for boyfriends. Plural. Confident, wasnt I? But if I had time, heaps! And she said, Ah, well, you never know. One day you might walk around the corner, and there hell be! Mr. Right, she called him. And I have been approaching every corner with caution since then. No offense to Mr. Right, if you are out there. But youre also Mr. Very Very Too Late. ‘Cause Ive done quite a lot of work on this lesbian situation here and I dont imagine Ive got a tight turning circle on identity. Imagine the feedback. Not enough lesbian content. Do you know what I reckon my problem is? I dont lesbian enough. Not in the scheme of my existence. Not a lot. I mean, I keep my hand in. Bit of lesbian content there. Ill be sprinkling it throughout the show. Keep your feedback forms to yourselves. No, I mean, if you were to plot my week, I dont… Not a lot. Not a lot of lesbian-ing… gets done. I cook dinner more. I cook dinner way more than I lesbian. But nobody every introduces me as that chef comedian, do they? Not enough lesbian content. I should quit. Im a disgrace. What sort of comedian cant even make the lesbians laugh? Every comedian ever. Thats a good joke, isnt it? Classic. Its bulletproof, too. Very clever, because its funny… because its true. The only people who dont think its funny… are us lezzers… But weve got to laugh… because if we dont… proves the point. Checkmate. Very clever joke. I didnt write that. That is not my joke. Its an old…  An oldie. Oldie but a goldie. A classic. It was written, you know, well before even women were funny. And back then, in the good old days, lesbian meant something different than it does now. Back then, lesbian wasnt about sexuality, a lesbian was just any woman not laughing at a man. Why arent you laughing? What are you? Some kind of lesbian? Classic. Go on. You gotta laugh. Lighten up. Stop taking everything so seriously! Fucking learn to take a joke. You need to lighten up. Ill tell you what you need to lighten up. You need a good dicking. Get a cock up you! Drink some jizz! You know? Actual advice? Its counterproductive. I do think I have to quit comedy though. And seriously. I know its probably not the forum… to make such an announcement, is it? In the middle of a comedy show. But I have been questioning… you know, this whole comedy thing. I dont feel very comfortable in it anymore. You know… over the past year, Ive been questioning it, and reassessing. And I think its healthy for an adult human to take stock, pause and reassess. And when I first started doing the comedy, over a decade ago, my favorite comedian was Bill Cosby. There you go. Its very healthy to reassess, isnt it? And I built a career out of self-deprecating humor. Thats what Ive built my career on. And… I dont want to do that anymore. Because, do you understand… [audience applauds] …do you understand what self-deprecation means when it comes from somebody who already exists in the margins? Its not humility. Its humiliation. I put myself down in order to speak, in order to seek permission… to speak. And I simply will not do that anymore. Not to myself or anybody who identifies with me. [audience cheers] And if that means that my comedy career is over, then so be it. I got a letter… on Facebook recently. And I say letter, cause Im very bold. Controversial. But I call it a letter, because it said, Dear Hannah, comma, new line… Bit of feedback. And it said, You owe it to your community to come out as transgender. All jokes aside, I really do want to do my best by my community. I really do. But that was new information to me. Im not… I dont identify as transgender. I dont. I mean, Im clearly gender not normal, but… I dont think even lesbian is the right identity fit for me, I really dont. I may as well come out now. I identify… as tired. Im just tired. There is too much hysteria around gender from you gender-normals. Youre the weirdos. Youre a bit fucking hysterical. Youre a bit weird, a bit uptight. You need to get a grip. You gender-normals… Seriously, calm down, gender-normals. Get a grip. No, a man in a dress, thats fucking weird! No, its not. You know whats weird? Pink headbands on bald babies! Thats weird. I mean, seriously, would you put a bangle on a potato? No, thats organic. I paid a lot for that potato. Of course I understand why parents do it. Clearly theyre sick and tired… of their beautiful baby girl… being mistaken for a boy baby because of the no hair situation. I understand that. But the thing is, I dont assume bald babies are boys. I assume theyre angry feminists, and I treat them with respect. How about this? How about we stop separating the children into opposing teams from day dot? How about we give them, I dunno, seven to ten years to consider themselves… on the same side? Did you know human men and human women have more in common… than they dont? Did you know that? I dont think many people do know that because we always focus on the difference. The difference between men and women. Theyre very different. Now, dogs are heaps different to… Men and women are very different. Were from different planets! Men are from Mars, and women are for his penis. Heres an idea. I say we get rid of pink and give all the babies blue. Ive thought about this and its not because blue is a masculine color. ‘Cause that… is false. I love that people go, Blue, yeah, a very masculine color. Very reliable. Very rational color, blue. Yeah, you can trust blue. Its why weve got it on flags. Lot of blue on flags. Navy blue. Everyone trusts a boat. Blue, if anything, is a feminine color. It really is full of contradictions. You know, blue is a cold color. Its on the cold end of the spectrum. But the hottest part of the flame? Blue. If youre feeling blue… youre sad. But optimism? Blue skies ahead! Make up your mind. A blueprint is a plan, but if something happens not on the plan, where does that come from? Out of the blue! Blues a wonderful color to start life with. Theres room for every kind of human in blue. Theres a whole spectrum, cause blue doesnt demand… it doesnt demand action like all the other colors. Think about this. Youre stuck in traffic… and the lights turn… blue. Less road rage, people. Less road rage. More accidents, ironically enough. I get mistaken for a man quite a lot. But not for long. My masculinity doesnt hold up to scrutiny. Im only a man at a glance. Which means it happens in a customer service situation, usually. Because Im only a man at a glance, it means Im very much right there still. Right in front of the person whos just called me sir… and deeply regrets it. The really good ones just erase my memory of being called sir. Theyre clever. Its a clever trick. They do that with a combination… of hypnosis, and the magic word. They go, Can I help you, sir? Madam. And it works. Gone. I do not remember being called sir if someone calls me madam immediately after. Because madam is a very triggering word for me. It is. Its what my mom used to call me when I was in a lot of trouble… for opening a brothel. Can we just have more words? Its the apology I dont understand, when people apologize for mistaking me for a man. I got it on a flight recently. Walking on, the cabin manager, Welcome aboard, sir. Oh, madam, Im so sorry. Im so sorry. Im sorry. I was like, Its okay! Its not like you called a man ‘madam. That could have been… So I said, Dont worry. She said, Im so sorry. I said, Dont apologize. In fact, I should thank you. I enjoyed it. Thank you. Never apologize. Dont apologize. Look, I dont identify as transgender, but Im partial to a holiday. I love being mistaken for a man, cause just for a few moments, life gets a hell of a lot easier. Im top-shelf normal, king of the humans. Im a straight white man. Im about… Im about to get good service for no fucking effort! Do not apologize. I was going to take my assigned seat and both the armrests. Your knee space? No. Just jokes, though. Clearly… just jokes. Just jokes. I wouldnt want to be a straight white man. Not… right now. This is… Not at this moment in history. It is not a good time to be a straight white man. I wouldnt want to be a straight white man. Not if you paid me. Although the pay would be substantially better. But, no… I dont think its an easy time for you fellas, I do feel for you. Very difficult, very confusing time. Because– And youre not coping. Because, for the first time ever, youre suddenly a sub-category of human. Right? No, we invented the categories. Were not supposed to play! Were human-neutral. Not anymore. Ive always been judged by what I am. Always been a fat, ugly dyke. Im dead inside. I can cope. But you fellas… Bit soft in the belly? You hear straight white man, youre like, No. No, thats reverse sexism. No, its not. You wrote the rules. Read them. Just jokes. Banter. Dont feel intimidated. Its just locker room talk. [audience cheers] Just jokes, though. Just jokes. Do you know why I love picking on, telling jokes about straight white men? ‘Cause theyre such good sports. Theyre like, Oh, good joke about me. Thats a refreshing perspective. If you hate men so much, why do you try so fucking hard to look like one? ‘Cause you need a good role model right now, fellas. [audience cheers] Dropping like flies. Jokes aside, if I may just give you a little human-to-human advice. Because I do understand it is a difficult and confusing time for you now. You know, its changing, its shifting, and I understand that. But… may I just, you know, suggest that you learn to, sort of, move beyond your defensiveness. Right? Thats your first point, youre stuck on it, but you need to get some space around it, learn to develop… try and develop a sense of humor about it, or you need to lighten up, learn to laugh. Tell you what might help. How about a good dicking? Get a cock up ya, drink some jizz! You gotta laugh! Thats weird advice, isnt it? Its weird. It doesnt… Its not good, is it? It doesnt feel very nice, does it? Laughters the best medicine, they say. I dont. I reckon penicillin might give it the nudge. There is truth to it, though. Laughter is very good for the human. It really is. ‘Cause when you laugh, you release tension. And when you hold tension in your human body, its not healthy. Its not healthy psychologically or physically. Thats why its good to laugh. Its even better to laugh with other people. When you laugh, in a room full of people, when you share a laugh, you will release more tension because laughter is infectious. You stand to release more tension when you laugh with other people than you would if you laugh alone. Mainly because when you laugh alone, thats mental illness and thats a different kind of tension. Laughter doesnt help. Trust me. Tension isolates us. And laughter connects us. Good result. Good on me. What a guy. What a guy. Im basically Mother Teresa. But just like Mother Teresa… my methods are not exactly charitable. Let me explain to you what a joke is. And when you strip it back to its bare essential… components, like, its bare minimum, a joke is simply two things, it needs two things to work. A setup and a punch line. And it is essentially a question with a surprise answer. Right? But in this context, what a joke is is a question that I have artificially inseminated. Tension. I do that, thats my job. I make you all feel tense, and then I make you laugh, and youre like, Thanks for that. I was feeling a bit tense. I made you tense. This is an abusive relationship. Do you know why Im such a funny fucker? Do you? Its because, you know, Ive been learning the art of tension diffusion since I was a children. Back then it wasnt a job, wasnt even a hobby, it was a survival tactic. I didnt have to invent the tension. I was the tension. And… Im tired of tension. Tension is making me sick. It is time… I stopped… comedy. I have to quit comedy… but I mean… I cant quit you. No, I cant quit you. I cant. Because I dont have a backup plan, guys. What have I got? Fifteen years ago, I barely graduated from an Art History degree. Fifteen years ago. Art History. Fifteen– They were dead then. Theyre just deader. My CV is pretty much a cock and balls drawn under a fax number. Could you imagine me working in a gallery with an asymmetrical woolen poncho with an aggressive… fringe? Nasty jewelry, having the opinion? No. Theres… You know, art history is highbrow. I dont belong in that world, Im not from that world. Im not from money, or even that much chat, if Im honest, but… high art, you know, thats what elevates and civilizes people. You know, galleries, the ballet, the the-a-ter. All these things, you go there, you get better. Comedy? Lowbrow. Well, Im sorry to inform you, but nobody here is leaving this room a better person. Were just rolling around in our own shit here, people. But I– A couple of years ago, a man came up to me after… my show. He had an opinion. Lesbians give feedback. Men? Opinions. Now, in the show, Id spoken about taking antidepressant medication, and he had an opinion on that. Now, interestingly, Id also spoken about how unhelpful unsolicited advice is in a… mental health plan, but he mustnt have heard that bit. He came up to me after the show to give me his opinion. He said, You shouldnt take medication because youre an artist. Its important that you feel. He said, If Vincent van Gogh had have taken medication, we wouldnt have the sunflowers. I never, ever, ever thought that my art history degree would ever come in handy. But, oh, my lord. I tore that man a college debt-sized new arsehole. I said, Good opinion, mate. Except that he did medicate. A lot. He self-medicated a lot. He drank a lot. He even nibbled on his own paints. Problem. And also, you know what else? He didnt just paint sunflowers, he did quite a few portraits of psychiatrists. Not even random ones. Psychiatrists who were treating him. And medicating him. And theres one particular portrait of one particular psychiatrist, and hes holding a flower, and it isnt a sunflower. Its a foxglove. And that foxglove forms part of a medication that van Gogh… took for epilepsy. And that derivative of the foxglove plant medi-fucking-cation… I must have skipped a dose that day cause I was feeling. The derivative of the foxglove, if you overdose it a bit, you know what happens? You can experience the color yellow a little too intensely. So perhaps… we have the sunflowers precisely because… van Gogh medicated. What do you honestly think, mate? I said. That creativity means you must suffer? That is the burden of creativity? Just so you can enjoy it? Fuck you, mate. If you like sunflowers so much, buy a bunch and jerk off into a geranium. Know what he said? He goes, No need to be so sensitive. Im not being sensitive. Im an artist. Thats feeling. Dont be so sensitive. That is the most common nugget of advice I get. ‘Cause Im a very sensitive person. And I get told to stop being so sensitive an awful lot. And it is always yelled. Which I find very insensitive. I dont get it. Stop being so sensitive. I dont understand. Why is insensitivity something to strive for? I happen to know that my sensitivity is my strength. I know that. Its my sensitivity thats helped me navigate a very difficult path in life. So when somebody tells me to stop being so sensitive, you know what? I feel a little bit like a nose being lectured by a fart. Not the problem. I feel like, in a comedy show, theres no room for the best part of the story… which is the ending. You know, in order to finish on a laugh, you know, you have to end… with punch lines. Like, take my coming-out story, for example. The best part of that story is the fact that Mum and I have a wonderful relationship now. More than mother and daughter, were friends, we trust each other. Look what I did to the room. No tension. Youre just going, Good on you. Got a good relationship with your mum, have you? Can you go back to the tension? That was hilarious. But, yeah, Mum said to me last year, she said, Im very proud… that I raised you kids without religion. Id love to give you guys context on that, but thats not how my mum runs a conversation. I have no idea why she brought that up in Target. No idea. She said, Im very proud that I raised you kids without religion because, you know, Ive raised five children with minds of their own. And Ive just sort of gone, Good on you. What arent you proud of, Mum? I was home for a week. We had time. Because Mum and I have established jokes around this difficult time in our life. We really do. The banter, if you will. I say things like, Mum, you made my life very difficult. And shell go, Yeah, well, I dont think I liked you very much. And we laugh! ‘Cause youve got to laugh. And… But not this day. She went quiet and… got tense. But what my mum eventually said to me is pretty much… at the core of why Im questioning… comedy. She said to me, The thing I regret is that I raised you as if you were straight. I didnt know any different. I am so sorry. Im so sorry. I knew… well before you did… that your life was going to be so hard. I knew that, and I wanted it more than anything in the world not to be the case. And I know I made it worse, because I wanted you to change because I knew the world wouldnt. And I looked at my mum in that moment and thought, How did that happen? How did my mum get to be the hero of my story? She evolved. I didnt. See… I think part of my problem is comedy has suspended me in a perpetual state of adolescence. The way Ive been telling that story is through jokes. And stories… unlike jokes, need three parts. A beginning, a middle, and an end. Jokes… only need two parts. A beginning and a middle. And what I had done, with that comedy show about coming out, was I froze an incredibly formative experience at its trauma point and I sealed it off into jokes. And that story became a routine, and through repetition, that joke version fused with my actual memory of what happened. But unfortunately that joke version was not nearly sophisticated enough to help me undo the damage done to me in reality. Punch lines need trauma because punch lines… need tension, and tension feeds trauma. I didnt come out to my grandma last year because Im still ashamed of who I am. Not intellectually. But, right there, I still have shame. You learn from the part of the story you focus on. I need to tell my story properly. Because the closet, for me, was no easy thing… to come out of. From the years 1989 to 1997, right? This is ten years. Effectively my adolescence. Tasmania was at the center of a very toxic national debate about homosexuality and whether or not it should be legalized. And Im from the northwest coast of Tasmania, the Bible Belt. Seventy percent of the people… I lived amongst… believe that homosexuality should be… a criminal act. Seventy percent of the people who raised me, who loved me, who I trusted, believed that homosexuality was a sin, that homosexuals were heinous, sub-human pedophiles. Seventy percent. By the time I identified as being gay, it was too late. I was already homophobic, and you do not get to just flick a switch on that. No, what you do is you internalize that homophobia and you learn to hate yourself. Hate yourself to the core. I sat soaking in shame… in the closet, for ten years. Because the closet can only stop you from being seen. It is not shame-proof. When you soak a child in shame, they cannot develop the neurological pathways that carry thought… you know, carry thoughts of self-worth. They cant do that. Self-hatred is only ever a seed planted from outside in. But when you do that to a child, it becomes a weed so thick, and it grows so fast, the child doesnt know any different. It becomes… as natural as gravity. When I came out of the closet, I didnt have any jokes. The only thing I knew how to do was to be invisible and hate myself. It took me ten years to understand I was allowed to take up space in the world. But, by then, Id sealed it off into jokes like it was no big deal. I need to tell my story properly. Because I paid dearly for a lesson that nobody seems to have wanted to learn. And this is bigger… than homosexuality. This is about how we conduct debate in public about sensitive things. Its toxic, its juvenile, its destructive. We think its more important to be right than it is to appeal to the humanity of people we disagree with. Ignorance will always walk amongst us because we will never know all of the things. I need to tell my story properly because you learn from the part of the story… you focus on. Take Vincent. Old mate… Vincent van Gogh. The way we tell his story… its no good. Its destructive. Because weve reduced it to a tale of rags to riches. He only sold one painting in his life. You know? Now look at him. Hes quite dead. Yeah, but very successful! Only sold one painting in his lifetime. And people believe, with that story, that van Gogh was this misunderstood genius. You know, he was born ahead of his time. What a load of shit. Nobody is born ahead of their time. Its impossible! Nobodys born ahead of their time! Maybe premmie babies, but they catch up! Artists dont invent zeitgeists! They respond to it. He was not ahead of his time. He was a Post-Impressionist painter, painting at the peak of Post-Impressionism, while Peter was picking his pickled pepper. He wasnt born ahead of his time. He couldnt network. ‘Cause he was mental. He was… crazy. He had unstable energy. People would cross the street to avoid him. Thats why he didnt sell any more than one painting in his lifetime. He couldnt network. This whole idea, this romanticizing of mental illness, is ridiculous. It is not a ticket to genius. Its a ticket to fucking nowhere. And artists are not these incredible, you know, mythical creatures that exist outside of the world. No, artists have always been very much part of the world, and very… very firmly attached to power. Always. Power and money, art is always there. Right back to the Renaissance. Oh, the Turtles? All of them. All of them, they knew how to network. Leonardo? Raphael? Donatello? Theyre right up there, painting their own business cards, schmoozing. Michelangelo was a bit difficult, he was a bit… crazy. But, you know, he still networked. He gave gobbies to the Pope. Kissed his ring. Literally. But… I think its a shame that art history is such an elitist sport. It taught me a lot, you know. Useless… as far as a money-earners concerned, but I learned a lot about the world because of art history. I understand this world very well. I understand the world I live in… because of art history. I understand the world I live in and my place in it. And I dont have one. And do you know how much time that saved me? Im quite old, but look at the skin! Thats cause I havent wasted time looking… for how I fit in. I dont. A lot of naps. Art history taught me theres only ever been two types of women. A virgin or a whore. Most people think that Miley Cyrus and Taylor Swift invented that binary, but its been going on thousands of years. Theres only ever been two options for a little girl to grow up into. Virgin or whore. We were always given a choice. Take your pick. Ladies choice! Thats the trick. The patriarchy, its not a dictatorship. Take your choice! And I dont fit very neatly into either of those categories. Virgin or whore? I mean, on a technicality, Id get virgin. I know. Do you know, if you go into a gallery with ye olde paintings there, theres a lot of evidence to suggest that women have existed for a very long time. Longer than clothes. But not this masculine, off-center, lesbian situation here. And I… Art history taught me, you know, I look at these history women and I dont feel like Im the same species. Theres a lot of things that I do, and its not an identity construction. No, Ive… Just things happen naturally. And art history taught me that these things are not really the place of a woman, you know? One of the things I do, I can generate thoughts in my own brain… unprompted. I can do that, all the time! Had another one. They just come all the time, and… Art history taught me, you know, historically, women didnt have time for the think-thoughts. They were too busy napping, naked, alone, in the forest. Even biologically… I dont feel like Im the same species. For a start, Ive got a functioning skeletal system. If you go into the galleries, you see, if a womans not sporting a corset and/or a hymen… she just loses all structure. Just sort of like… Just flopping about all over the place, going, Oh, what does, furniture? Sidesaddle, tits akimbo. No wonder we cant reverse park, ladies! Dumb history women couldnt even reverse park their arse onto a chair! Another thing I do thats not very ladylike is every day I seem to be able to finish the getting of the dressed. Every day! Not a problem. All the buttons, all the way up. Im quite a vague and forgetful person, but… Seem to do it quite easily. Especially if Im leaving the house to get my portrait painted. Never once have I thought, You know what, today, I must just leave a cheeky one out. High art. Im going to call it, guys. Bullshit. High art, my arse. The history of western art is just the history of men painting women like theyre flesh vases for their dick flowers. Having… said that, I think Ive ruined any chance of getting a job in a gallery now. I mean, I could pay to be a volunteer guide. ‘Cause it doesnt get any better with modern art, I tell you. I trip on the first hurdle. Pablo Picasso. I hate him, but youre not allowed to. I hate him. But you cant. Cubism. And if you ruin… cubism, then civilization as we know it will crumble. Cubism. Arent we grateful… in this room… that we live in a post-cubism world? Isnt that the first thing we all write in our gratitude journals? Oh, thank god. I dont like Picasso. I fucking hate him. I really– I just– Hes rotten in the face cavity. I hate Picasso! I hate him! And you cant make me like– But you get it a lot: Oh, cubism… And I know I should be more generous about him too because he suffered a mental illness. But you see, nobody knows that. Because it doesnt fit with his mythology. They go, I think youre thinking of Van Gogh. No, Im thinking about them all, actually… Because Picasso, hes sold to us as this passionate, virile, tormented genius, man, ball sack, right? Theres no room in that story for… is there? [audience member] No. No. Its rhetorical, but… Theres a… But he did suffer a mental illness. Picasso did. He suffered badly and it got worse as he got older. Picasso suffered… the mental illness of misogyny. Split the room. Didnt I? And I bet you I know how that felt. Is misogyny a mental illness? Yeah. Yeah, it is! Especially if youre a heterosexual man. Because if you hate what you desire, do you know what that is? Fucking tense! Sort your shit out. Yeah, he did suffer from a mental illness. Smarter men than I have proved he didnt suffer a mental illness, but theyre– No, theyre wrong. Theyd say hes not a misogynist. Theyre wrong. He was. If you dont believe me, let me provide you a quote from Picky Asshole himself. He said, Each time… I leave a woman, I should burn her. Destroy the woman, you destroy the past she represents. Cool guy. The greatest artist of the twentieth century. Lets make art great again, guys. Picasso fucked an underage girl. And thats it for me. Not interested. But cubism… We need it. Marie-Thérèse Walter. She was 17 when they met. Underage. Legally underage. Picasso was 42, married, at the height of his career. Does it matter? Yeah. Yeah, it actually does. It does matter. But as Picasso said, no, it was perfect. I was in my prime, she was in her prime. I probably read that when I was 17. Do you know how grim that was? Oh, Im in my prime! Oh, there is no view at my peak. But I wasnt upset at the time, of course, because I was learning about cubism! Now, I should qualify this, though. Cubism is important. You know, it really is. It was a real game-changer. Picasso freed us from slavery, people. He really did. He freed us from the slavery of having to reproduce believable three-dimensional reality on a two-dimensional surface. Three-point perspective, that illusion that gives us the idea of a single stable world view, a single perspective? Picasso said, No! Run free! You can have all perspectives. Thats what we need. From above, from below, inside out, the sides. All the perspectives at once! Thank you, Picasso. What a guy. What a hero. Thank you. But tell me, any of those perspectives a womans? No. Well, Im not fucking interested. You just put a kaleidoscope filter on your cock. Youre still painting flesh vases for your dick flowers. Separate the man from the art. Thats what I keep hearing. Youve got to learn to separate the man from the art. The art is important, not the artist. Youve got to learn to separate the man from the art. Yeah, all right. Okay. Lets give it a go. How about you take Picassos name off his little paintings and see how much his doodles are worth at auction? Fucking nothing! Nobody owns a circular Lego nude, they own a Picasso! Sorry. You wont hear too many extended sets about art history in a comedy show, so… youre welcome. And its bold, I know. Comedy is more used to throwaway jokes about priests being pedophiles and Trump grabbing the pussy. I dont have time for that shit. I dont. Do you know who used to be an easy punch line? Monica Lewinsky. Maybe, if comedians had done their job properly, and made fun of the man who abused his power, then perhaps we might have had a middle-aged woman with an appropriate amount of experience in the White House, instead of, as we do, a man who openly admitted to sexually assaulting vulnerable young women because he could. [audience cheers] Do you know what should be the target of our jokes at the moment? Our obsession with reputation. Were obsessed. We think reputation is more important than anything else, including humanity. And do you know who takes the mantle of this myopic adulation of reputation? Celebrities. And comedians are not immune. Theyre all cut from the same cloth. Donald Trump, Pablo Picasso, Harvey Weinstein, Bill Cosby, Woody Allen, Roman Polanski. These men are not exceptions, they are the rule. And they are not individuals, they are our stories. And the moral of our story is, We dont give a shit. We dont give a fuck… about women or children. We only care about a mans reputation. What about his humanity? These men control our stories! And yet they have a diminishing connection to their own humanity, and we dont seem to mind so long as they get to hold onto their precious reputation. Fuck reputation. Hindsight is a gift. Stop wasting my time! If you… Look, I am angry. I apologize. I do, I apologize. I know… I know theres a few people in the room going, Now, look… I think… shes lost control of the tension. Thats correct. I went on it a bit there. So, Im not very experienced in controlling anger. Its not my place to be angry on a comedy stage. Im meant to be doing… self-deprecating humor. People feel safer when men do the angry comedy. Theyre the kings of the genre. When I do it, Im a miserable lesbian, ruining all the fun and the banter. When men do it, heroes of free speech. I love… angry white man comedy. Its so funny, its hilarious. Theyre adorable. Why are they angry? Whats up, little fella? What are they angry about? Gosh, cant work it out. Theyre like the canaries in the mine, arent they? If theyre having a tough time… the rest of us are goners. Do you remember that story about that young man who almost beat me up? It was a very funny story. It was very funny, I made a lot of people laugh about his ignorance, and the reason I could do that is because Im very good at this job. I actually am pretty good at controlling the tension. And I know how to balance that to get the laugh at the right place. But in order to balance the tension in the room with that story, I couldnt tell that story as it actually happened. Because I couldnt tell the part of the story where that man realized his mistake. And he came back. And he said, Oh, no, I get it. Youre a lady faggot. Im allowed to beat the shit out of you, and he did! He beat the shit out of me and nobody stopped him. And I didnt… report that to the police, and I did not take myself to hospital, and I should have. And you know why I didnt? Its because I thought that was all I was worth. And that is what happens when you soak one child in shame and give permission to another to hate. And that was not homophobia, pure and simple, people. That was gendered. If Id been feminine, that would not have happened. I am incorrectly female. I am incorrect, and that is a punishable offense. And this tension, its yours. I am not helping you anymore. You need to learn what this feels like because this… this tension is what not-normals carry inside of them all of the time because it is dangerous to be different! To the men… to the men in the room, I speak to you now, particularly the white men, especially the straight white men. Pull your fucking socks up! How humiliating! Fashion advice from a lesbian. That is your last joke. All my life, Ive been told that Im a man-hater. I dont hate men, I honestly do not. I dont hate men. But… theres a problem. See, I dont even believe that women are better than men. I believe women are just as corruptible by power as men, because you know what, fellas, you dont have a monopoly on the human condition, you arrogant fucks. But the story is as you have told it. Power belongs to you. And if you cant handle criticism, take a joke, or deal with your own tension without violence, you have to wonder if you are up to the task of being in charge. Im not a man-hater. But Im afraid of men. If Im the only woman in a room full of men, I am afraid. And if you think thats unusual, youre not speaking to the women in your life. I dont hate men, but I wonder how a man would feel if theyd lived my life. Because it was a man who sexually abused me when I was a child. It was a man who beat the shit out of me when I was 17, my prime. It was two men who raped me when I was barely in my twenties. Tell me why is that okay. Why was it okay to pick me off the pack like that and do that to me? It would have been more humane to just take me out to the back paddock and put a bullet in my head if it is that much of a crime to be different! I dont tell you this… so you think of me as a victim. I am not a victim. I tell you this because my story has value. My story has value. I tell you this cause I want you to know, I need you to know, what I know. To be rendered powerless does not destroy your humanity. Your resilience is your humanity. The only people who lose their humanity are those who believe they have the right to render another human being powerless. They are the weak. To yield and not break, that is incredible strength. You destroy the woman, you destroy the past she represents. I will not allow my story… to be destroyed. What I would have done to have heard a story like mine. Not for blame. Not for reputation, not for money, not for power. But to feel less alone. To feel connected. I want my story… heard. Because, ironically, I believe Picasso was right. I believe we could paint a better world if we learned how to see it from all perspectives, as many perspectives as we possibly could. Because diversity is strength. Difference is a teacher. Fear difference, you learn nothing. Picassos mistake was his arrogance. He assumed he could represent all of the perspectives. And our mistake was to invalidate the perspective of a 17-year-old girl, because we believed her potential… was never going to equal his. Hindsight is a gift. Can you stop wasting my time? A 17-year-old girl is just never, ever, ever in her prime! Ever! I am in my prime! Would you test your strength out on me? [audience applauds] There is no way anyone would dare… test their strength out on me, because you all know… there is nothing stronger then a broken woman who has rebuilt herself. [audience cheers] To the men in the room… who feel I may have been persecuting you this evening… well spotted. Thats pretty much what Ive done there. But this is theater, fellas. Ive given you an hour, a taste. I have lived a life. The damage done to me is real and debilitating. I will never flourish. But this is why… I must quit comedy. Because the only way… I can tell my truth and put tension in the room is with anger. And I am angry, and I believe Ive got every right to be angry! But what I dont have a right to do is to spread anger. I dont. Because anger, much like laughter, can connect a room full of strangers like nothing else. But anger, even if its connected to laughter, will not… relieve tension. Because anger is a tension. It is a toxic, infectious… tension. And it knows no other purpose than to spread blind hatred, and I want no part of it. Because I take my freedom of speech as a responsibility, and just because I can position myself as a victim, does not make my anger constructive. It never is constructive. Laughter is not our medicine. Stories hold our cure. Laughter is just the honey that sweetens the bitter medicine. I dont want to unite you with laughter or anger. I just needed my story heard, my story felt and understood by individuals with minds of their own. Because, like it or not, your story… is my story. And my story… is your story. I just dont have the strength to take care of my story anymore. I dont want my story defined by anger. All I can ask is just please help me take care of my story. Do you know why we have the sunflowers? Its not because Vincent van Gogh suffered. Its because Vincent van Gogh had a brother who loved him. Through all the pain, he had a tether, a connection to the world. And that… is the focus of the story we need. Connection. Thank you. [audience cheers] [A Better Son/Daughter by Rilo Kiley plays] ? Then you hang up the phone ? ? And feel badly for upsetting things ? ? Crawl back into bed ? ? To dream of a time ? ? When your heart was open wide ? ? And you loved things just because ? ? Like the sick and the dying ? ? And sometimes when youre on ? ? Youre really fucking on ? ? And your friends, they sing along ? ? And they love you ? ? But the lows are so extreme ? ? The good seems fucking cheap ? ? And it teases you for weeks ? ? In its absence ? ? But youll fight ? ? And youll make it through ? ? Youll fake it if you have to ? ? And youll show up for work ? ? With a smile ? ? And youll be better And youll be smarter ? ? And more grown-up And a better daughter ? ? Or son, and a real good friend… ?

JIM JEFFERIES@THIS IS ME NOW@2018@Jim Jefferies returns to Netflix with his third Netflix Original stand-up special, Jim Jefferies: This Is Me Now. Performing at the Eventim Apollo in London, the comedian and host of The Jim Jefferies Show unapologetically keeps it real when he opens up about the challenges of being a single father, reflects on the time someone tried to unsuccessfully extort him for money with a sex tape, and the weirdest gig hes ever played. * * * [rock music playing] [audience cheering] [audience applauding and cheering] Hello, London! [audience cheering] Thats my town. Uh… This is my second home. [audience cheering] I lived here for ten years. I love London. I actually recorded a couple of specials here before. When I lived here, I was broke. I had no fucking money. And maybe like 12 years ago, I signed a contract for five comedy specials for £90,000 with a record label over here, which, when youre broke… sounds like a really good fucking deal, right? I had no money and someone offered me £90,000, I was like, Fuck, yeah, for five comedy specials. But that is the worst deal in record history. Five comedy specials for £90,000. Anyway, I was locked in. I recorded one, and then I got offered an HBO special in America. And so I went back to my record label over here, and I said, Hey, heres the deal. I just got offered a big deal in America. What Ill do is Ill go over there, Ill do the special then Ill come back and do the other four specials with you. And then my record label here went, You cant do that. Youre contracted to us, and I went, Oh, thats a shame. [audience laughing] Then I got on a plane and I went to America. And then HBO said, You sorted that contract problem out, didnt ya? And I went, I sure did. And then I did the HBO special and then my record label here sued me for £200,000, which is like, $300,000 American, right? But it doesnt matter, because HBO paid me $50,000, so… [audience laughing] So, you gotta spend money to make money, you know? So I was a little bit in the hole. I had spent a lot of that earlier money on drugs already. So now Im… Im poor and famous. See, everybody wants to be rich and famous. And rich and famous is fucking amazing. Poor and famous sucks dicks. Have you ever been in a pound store and been famous? Thats… So anyways, Im poor and famous, right? So I have sex with this American woman… Consensually! I asked her. She said yes, she enjoyed herself. Anyway… So I had sex with this woman, and she thought, cause I was on the TV, that I had money. So she tried to extort me for $50,000. She goes, I have a sex tape of yours, and Im going to sell it. And I went, Fucking try. [audience laughing] I dont know what the market is for the podgy, pale Australian guy who lasts a minute and a half, but see what you can fuckin get. Then she goes, Well, I have a photo of you doing cocaine. And I went, Everyone does! Ive done cocaine off photos of me doing cocaine. [audience laughing] And you want to extort me? Why dont you get a picture of me being nice to my mother or opening a door for a woman or something off-brand? Now, I used to do a lot of misogynistic jokes. Im not going to do as many of those. Ill do some. [audience laughing and cheering] Theres a lot of problems at the moment. Theres a lot of guys that are raping people, and a lot of people in the entertainment business are going down, some for more offensive things than others, you know, but… Im nervous. You know, I… I dont think Ive done anything wrong,  but between the hours of nine and nine, Im pretty blacked out. Anyway, so… Like, if James Bond was a real person, hed be super fucking nervous right now. [audience laughing] James Bond would be showing up to work, like, Im here to see Q. Actually, youre here to see HR. [grumbles] We have 472 complaints from a Miss Moneypenny. Ah! Two Russian operatives say you used their power against them and had sex with them. I was trying to get information. Youre welcome. Theres been like, Kevin Spacey went down. Kevin Spacey, he went down, and he goes… He goes, his defense was, Its probably a good time to mention that Im gay. And we were like, What? Kevin, say its not true. Um… Yeah, Kevin gets a bit grabby. [audience laughing] From all reports, he reaches, he touches your dick outside your jeans. For a little bit. Hes a dick grabber. We all have that gay friend, dont we? We all have that gay friend that every time youre drunk, youre like, Get out of it, dont touch my dick. And theyre like, Ill get you next time, Im like, Im sure you will, but not today. But he paid the price, as people should when they do things wrong. He paid the price. You know, he had a great career, and Netflix, the network were on right now, they fired him, and rightfully so. And he lost his job as a fake president. [audience laughing] Yet there is an actual president… with four times as many allegations… who still has his fucking job. [audience cheering] We have a guy… who said, and I quote… I love women… when I see them, I kiss them. I dont even ask. I cant help myself. I grab em by the pussy. When youre famous… they let you. [audience laughing] Now, Im famous. And when I heard that, I went out and I gave it a go. And I gotta tell you, they dont let you! You women are a sensitive bunch. Moody, if you will. Now… [audience laughing] The term Grab em by the pussy, as soon as that happened, I started tweeting and saying in interviews jokes about it. And people started writing me saying, Yes, well, youve said worse things, and I have, and this evening, I will say worse things. And thats why I agree that I shouldnt be president of the United States of America. [audience laughing and applauding] Im not qualified. Dont use me as your moral benchmark. Do you think Im offended by the term Grab em by the pussy? Im not offended by it. Im confused as fuck. [audience laughing] Ive never heard those words grouped together into a fucking sentence. If he said, I grab em by the tit, I know what a tit-grab entails. I can picture a tit-grab. Im fully aware of whats going on there. I grab their ass, I know that. Even if it was weird, like I grab em by the head, I can picture a head-grab. Grab em by the pussy, you see… the pussy is an inward thing. [audience laughing] If I said to you right now, I met a girl, I grabbed her by the belly button. How fucking confused are you? Youd be like, Did you poke it? Id be like, Nah… I didnt poke it. I grabbed the whole thing. Keep up! [audience laughing] Like, if he said, I palm their pussy, I can picture a pussy-palming. Like if he just scooped his hand over. Or if he fingered a pussy. Weve all fingered a pussy, whether it be our own or someone elses. But to grab a pussy… thats gotta be one fucking meaty, low-hanging fruit fucking pussy. Thats gotta be a pussy thats just given birth, is prolapsed. They havent put the stitches in yet. Maybe thats what he does. Maybe he goes around to maternity wards and goes, Congratulations! Its a beautiful child. Dont worry about it. Im famous. [audience laughing and cheering] This has taken up far too much space in my brain. Ive been thinking about pussy grabbing for over a year now. Like, he says they dont mind. What is the scenario… where you can grab a pussy… and no one minds? I guess it has to be in a private area, cause you cant do it in the general public, because for the most part pussy grabbing is frowned upon. If I jumped into the crowd right now and grabbed a pussy… youd all be like, Stop that, Jim. [audience laughing] Get back on stage. Finish the show. So Ive thought of every scenario, Ive thought of every available option on how to grab a pussy where everythings fine. This is the only one I can think of, right? Okay, the woman has to feel comfortable and safe. So I picture a woman whos like, shes in her own garden. [audience laughing] Shes feeling good. Its her garden. She feels safe, its a secluded garden. Theres fucking hedges and shit. Shes wearing a mini-skirt, no underwear. She doesnt give a fuck. Its her garden. And shes gardening. Shes tending to soil. [audience laughing] Shes potting a plant. And then you, the celebrity… [audience laughing] You have to creep into the garden, almost cartoonishly, just… Then you get your hand like that, so devil horns open up, flip around. [audience laughing] Now you want to be a real good pussy grabber, cause youre only going to get one shot at this. and that thumbs going straight into the asshole. So youre like, Bang! Right, to begin with, shes shocked. What the fucks going on? While shes in that state of shock, lift her up, shes on her toes. Shes not going anywhere. Shes upset, but then she turns around, Oh, youre famous, and everythings fine. [audience laughing and cheering] Now, I dont want to spend too much time talking about American politics while Im here. Youve got your own issues. [audience laughing] All right, look… I know you broke away from the European Union. I dont understand what happened. I know its mixed, the opinion. I dont know whats going on, but then when I talk to you people, you dont fucking know whats going on, either. Ive never seen something happening in a country, where youre all like, No idea whats happening. [audience laughing] Theres so many things. Like, do you get rid of the European people who are living here? Or, like… in your hospitals, you have 250,000 nurses who are from like Spain and France and all that type of bullshit, right? Do you get rid of those people? And if you do do that, do you get back all the British people… who live in Spain and France and all that? ‘Cause I gotta be honest, theyre not your best people. [audience laughing and applauding] Right? Like… you should have a TV show every night called One In, One Out. [audience laughing] And its like, And who are we getting rid of today? Okay, well, first of all, were getting rid of Rosita. Rosita is a nurse who took care of the elderly, who incidentally voted her out. And… [audience cheering] And who are we getting back? Were getting… Barry! [audience laughing] Barrys a cab driver who won ten grand on a scratchy and moved to Majorca. Feels like a fair swap you got there. See, immigrants are good. You wanna have them, man. You wanna have them. Unless theyre fucking Mexicans. [yells] I live in LA, you wouldnt believe the problems we have with Mexicans. Fucking dirty Mexicans. They come over the border, and theyre taking all the good jobs. They cant even speak English, theyre taking all the good jobs. I dont know how they do it, but they do. [audience laughing] Sometimes I look at my son, and I think… If only he could pick fruit someday. [audience laughing] I have this woman who cleans my house twice a week. You wouldnt believe the amount of white people who applied for that job. Oh! They were queued around the fucking block, and I was like, Get the fuck away from my house. I dont like explaining everything twice. [yells] [audience laughing] [chuckles] This is what Trump reckons. Trump reckons that the Mexicans… are coming over the border… and theyre raping. I dont know how, though. It just doesnt feel like the opportune time. [audience laughing] Youre trying to flee a country, youre dehydrated, youre in the desert. [audience laughing] That would be the last thing on my mind, but thats because Im not as sneaky as a Mexican. Theyre coming over the border and theyre raping. Sure, maybe some of them. You know, maybe. But some of every nationality rapes. Its not like its a Mexican thing. Its not like if you go to a really authentic Mexican restaurant… [audience laughing] And theres like a fucking sombrero and a piñata, and you walk in with your wife and kids, like, This is very nice. This is a lovely restaurant. Then, a waiter takes you away from your family… [audience laughing] Off to the special Mexican closet. You come back out, your ass is like a Japanese flag. [audience laughing] You look at your wife, and youre like, Why do we keep coming here? Every week. If the food wasnt so good… Its not a Mexican thing. Sure, some of them are rapey. Every nationality rapes. You have British rapists, you have Australian rapists, or Australia wouldnt exist in its current state. Theres… [audience laughing] Theres probably a Canadian rapist, one fella. Polite bloke. You know, a nice bloke. Where youre going for a jog, and he just drags you into some bushes, like, [imitating Canadian accent] Im so sorry about this. Im so sorry. I wont be too long. I dont want to ruin your day. [audience laughing] Thats why I do believe there should be a wall. There should be a wall… on the Canadian border. [audience laughing] So that when the Americans run out of health care, they cant crawl over into Canada. I think the Canadians should just make the wall three foot high. [audience laughing] Just to take the piss. [audience laughing] So that when the Americans are crawling over, because their lungs are filled with coal from getting all their jobs back. [audience laughing] Like, who the fuck… wants their job back in the coal mine? Like, what the fuck is… Theyre like, Were gonna get our coal mining jobs back. What the fuck? I didnt even know coal was still a thing. As soon as Trump said it, Im like, Is this is a fucking Dickens novel? What the fuck? And why the fuck do these people deserve to have a job? What, because their dad had a job, and their grandfather had the same fucking job, and their great-great grandpappy… Have some fucking dreams, you low aspirational fuck. [audience laughing] And they say things, theyre just like this, like, If the coal mine shuts down, then the whole town will shut down. Yeah, fuck your town. Fuck it. [audience laughing] Fuck it. In my lifetime, the population of the world has gone from three billion to seven billion, and no one wants to move to your fucking town. Take a fucking hint. [audience laughing] No, its good. No hecklers, happy. I dont like the hecklers. I was doing the Edinburgh Festival in Scotland. I have to say Scotland, cause American people are watching. Um… I was doing the Edinburgh Festival in Scotland, and I was performing in front of about 400 people. I was doing a routine Ive done in one of my older specials that I dont do any more, about how you have to baptize your children, because if you dont baptize your children, and they die in infancy, then they dont get into Heaven. Because Gods a good guy… [audience laughing] but he does have some rules. And if he lets one dead baby into Heaven, then he has to let all the dead babies into Heaven. And before you know it, Heavens just filled with fucking dead babies. [audience laughing and cheering] So Im on stage kicking dead babies around, as you do at work. And this woman in the fourth row, very attractive, but shes in hysterics. Shes crying, her eyes are bawling, and she just stands up and goes… [imitating Scottish accent] You fucking bastard! You bastard! And then she just leaves the room just in hysterics. [screams] Im still fucking mid-kick, like… [audience laughing] And then her husband stands up… and he picks up her handbag, and he holds the handbag like all men hold handbags. Two hands in front of the chest. [audience laughing] Im holding this for someone else, so… Anyways, he picks up the handbag, he holds it, we can still hear her screaming. She went out the door, shes screaming. The staff are trying to calm her down. Shes screaming, and the husband stands up, and he goes… Im sorry, Jim. Im sorry, everyone. We were expecting our first child and she miscarriaged at seven months. That was six weeks ago and the baby was due this week. So we decided to leave the house for the first time and forget about our problems… [audience laughing] And to try to have a laugh. [audience laughing] Anyway, Jim, the first half of the show was really great. [audience laughing] And then he just leaves awkwardly, like, Excuse me. Sorry. We can still hear her screaming. Men and women in the room are crying their eyes out, which isnt good for comedy, and… and Im trying to bullshit my way out of it. Im on stage going, Hey… that joke was more about the hypocrisy of religion rather than dead babies, per se. Uh… [audience laughing] And as Im doing that, in the second row a Geordie fellow from Newcastle, England, he stands up in the second row, and he points at me, really angry like this, and he goes… To be fair… shes fucking hot. [audience laughing] And this sentence fell out of my mouth so fast, I couldnt put the words back in. I went, Ah, well, they get to keep their figure when they dont carry them full-term. [audience groaning] Im not proud of this. Im just reporting it. As soon as I said it, bottles just started getting thrown at me. Just fucking… Whoof! Im like, fucking from The Matrix, like… [yells] And I was just like, Good night! [audience laughing] That was many years ago. If youre watching this special at home, I hope you had a kid since then. Um… [chuckles] What am I gonna do? Her miscarriage brought so much joy to other people. Uh… [audience laughs nervously] I dislike deaf people. [audience laughing] Actually, I need to rephrase that. I dont dislike deaf people. I hate sign language people. Sign language people fuck me up the wall. I dont mind the deaf. Individually, deaf people can be a delight. [audience laughing] Its when deaf people get into packs, I dont like them. If you get a group of deaf people… If you get eight or more deaf… like a herd of… A… A gaggle or a… What can we all agree on? A murder? [audience laughing] If you get a murder of deaf, if you get eight or more deaf, and I have no problem with them. I just want to say that right again. If you get eight or more deaf, and youre in a theater in America, they will be seated like this– Theyll be seated four and four, right? ‘Cause what happens is, if you get a murder of deaf, the American government will pay for a sign language person. Probably not for much longer, but at the moment its a thing. Uh… [audience laughing] The American government will pay for a sign language person to stand here. Now, the sign language person is normally a frumpy chick who learned sign language so she could date a deaf guy out of her league, but whatever. Anyway… [audience laughing] So… But no one ever tells me. They never say, Jim, theres a sign language person. They never fucking tell me. So I come out, Please welcome Jim Jefferies, I walk out, I see the sign language person, Im like, Ah, fuck me. ‘Cause Ive never had a good show if a sign language person is standing there. Never fucking happened. Because the deaf people are having a horrible time. Theyve watched me on Netflix, theyve read my lips, and theyve had the subtitles, and theyve seen the facial expressions. Now theyre not even looking at me. Theyre looking at her, and her comedy timing fucking sucks dicks. [audience laughing] And they cant modulate their sound, so theyre just like, This is a shit show, and Im like, No! Its not a shit show! And shes like, Not a shit show. Like that. [audience laughing] Now I know what youre thinking. Whats the big deal? Thats eight people out of thousands. Who gives a fuck? Ill tell you why. You cant have a good comedy show with a sign language person, because the human brain isnt fully developed. If I swear, and theres a sign language person standing there, every single fucking one of you will go, And what would that word be? [audience laughing] I do it myself while Im onstage. [audience laughing] So Ill teach you the word you wanna know. Cunt, obviously. You wanna know cunt. [audience cheering] All right, so thats vagina. This is cunt. [audience laughing] Gotta give it a bit of attitude, it needs to be a snap. [audience laughing] You ever see deaf person look at you like, You cunt! Like that. Thats a deafie who dont like you. Then theres fun ones, like bullshit, right? So you do, like, a bulls head… Cross it around, bullshit. Its adorable. Bullshit. I always feel sorry for deaf people who are in relationships with other deaf people. Because occasionally, you must be fighting. Youre coming home from a party. Youre trying to be a safe driver. And your wifes being a fucking bitch… [audience laughing] [audience applauding] Bullshit. [audience laughing] And then… Then theres things that are just like… Theres different dialects for sign language. ‘Cause Ive done this whole thing, right? So in Britain… this is Jew. [audience laughing] Seems bad, right? Wait till you see America. This is Jew in America… [audience laughing] I dont know why, but that is more offensive than that. So if you ever see a deaf person, like, You Jew cunt! Like that. Thats a Trump-voting deaf you got yourself there. [audience laughing] Then theres things where you feel like the deaf arent educated. Like, this is gay men. [audience laughing] Thats what the deaf think the gays get up to. [audience laughing] [chuckles] They think they get in a room and bash dicks together. [audience laughing] Now, I was… doing that routine in New Zealand or something, I was doing that, and a guy yelled out, Oh, thats docking. I said, Whats docking? And then he didnt say anything. And then I went home and I googled docking. And wasnt that a waste of four hours. [audience laughing] Just a show of hands. Who knows what docking is? Wow, its a lot. For the rest of you, youre in for a treat. This is docking: You need two men… And both of them have to have erect dicks at the same time. Its already weird, isnt it? Anyway, one dick… ideally, to dock… [chuckles] One dick needs to be, like, a circumcised dick. And the other dick needs to be a European fella. [audience laughing] Lets talk about this very quickly. Okay, so… Im circumcised. I know you are all not circumcised. I know youre not, right? I got my son circumcised. Right? When I got my son circumcised, I mentioned on a late night show that I got my son circumcised, and I got a lot of hate mail and people freaking the fuck out and saying I mutilated my kid and all this type of stuff, and… Look, people do it for different reasons. Its a personal thing. Right? Some people circumcise their children for religious purposes. Some people do it for medical reasons. The reason I got my son circumcised is so that when he is older, women will enjoy having his dick in their mouths. [audience laughing] I did it because I love him. And your dicks are fucking disgusting. You fucking animals. How do you fucking look at your dick and have any level of self-respect? Every fucking day, your fucking hooded, slimy fucking dicks. [audience laughing] My dick smells constantly. Its an eternal battle against that smell. I cant even imagine what you accept in your life. Do you know that its not in porn? Its not in fucking porn. Uncircumcised isnt in porn. Because the people that make porn are trying to run a business, and they dont want people fucking vomiting when theyre masturbating. You cant go into a porn site and put uncircumcised. It doesnt come up. Your dick is less of a fetish than feet, you fucking disgusting animals. [audience laughing] Name me one time where extra skin on the body is a good thing. [audience laughing] When someone gets old, they get that turkey neck and theyre like, Ooh, Ive been looking forward to this. Some fucking 500-pound cunt loses 300 pounds, has a big elephant ear of skin, and the doctor goes, Oh, lucky you! Extra skin. Women love extra skin. [audience laughing] Anyway, so docking, you need two dicks, right? [audience laughing] A lovely, pristine dick, and… a horrible dick. [audience laughing] Then you line the two dicks up… and with your slimy hood… you get that bit, and you stretch it over the nice dick. -Now… -[audience groans] thatll make a seal. Now, the only way to break that seal is to pop a bit of air out of the side and gently release, like its a Tupperware lid. [audience laughing] ‘Cause you cant just pull against it, cause then its like a Chinese finger trap. Now that the dicks are docked… you just gently bash dicks. [audience laughing] Theres probably kissing, isnt there? I imagine youd kiss. Your mouths are aligned, probably… [audience laughing] And then if youre into each other, youll come simultaneously on each others dick heads. [audience groans] Thatll make a cum bubble of sorts… that eventually will just go, Blugh. [audience laughing] And thats docking. [chuckles] Now, its weird, because… People– I sort of got more popular, because of a routine that I did on gun control, and… [audience cheering] People come and see me because of the gun control routine, and they want me to do some political commentary or some social commentary, and then I just did, like, what was that, ten minutes on docking. [audience laughing] And the thing about the gun thing is weird. Its nice to have that as a calling card, that people want to see you because they liked that routine, but then also, its a double-edged sword because… I get more popular after a massacre, and thats really not what you want. Its not like youre sitting at home, Ooh, theres been a massacre.  Uh… Its tough, because people think if you talk about gun control in America, youre talking about banning guns. Im not talking about banning guns. Im talking about controlling guns. See, after what happened in Las Vegas… That guy shot all those people. I think he had 48 guns or something like that. All the news people were like, Gun control wouldnt have done anything, because he bought all the guns legally. And youre like, Yeah… gun control could have fucking solved that. How about if we brought in a law where youre allowed seven? [audience laughing] If you cant protect your family with seven, youre no fucking good with the guns. [audience laughing] So this whole idea that if you bring in gun control, youre going to ban guns, is a load of bullshit, because there already is gun control. Theres things like you cant put a bayonet on the end of your gun. ‘Cause that would make your gun too stabby. [audience laughing] And its the right to bear arms, its not the right to bear guns. Its the right to bear arms. Arms are weapons. See, in Texas, you can open carry an assault rifle on your back into Target. You cant walk into Target with a chainsaw. People would think thats fucking weird. You walk into Target… [imitates a chainsaw] Security would be like, What the fuck with the chainsaw, man? Youll be like, This is my protection chainsaw! This is to protect me and my family! Youll be happy Im here if a bad guy with a chainsaw comes in. ‘Cause the only way to stop a bad guy with a chainsaw is a good guy with a chainsaw. [audience laughing and cheering] See… this idea that all guns are for protection is fucking bullshit. Theyre not all for protection. You can buy sniper rifles. [audience laughing] Rifles that can shoot two kilometers. How is that for protection? Who the fuck… is sitting in the front of their house… [audience laughing] looking at some cunt two kilometers away… like, Back down! [audience laughing] But you know, I understand. People love their families. They wanna fucking… Im actually gonna say something now thatll make some people upset. Its weird that I say it. Im a single dad now. Ive been a single dad for over a year. When people hear it, they go, Oh, thats a shame. Not a shame. Me and my ex werent getting along. Were still good friends now. Ill tell you how we broke up. This is literally how me and my ex broke up. I bought a house five doors down from my house, and she goes, What did you get that for? And I went, For you to live in. [audience laughing] And she high-fived me and skipped down there. She was happy to go as well. So now Im a single dad, and the weird thing is about being a single dad is, before that, I used to go on and on and on about what a great parent I was. But I wasnt a great parent. I wasnt. I was just a guy who lived with a four-year-old. This is how I used to parent. I used to walk around the house, I saw my son playing with a toy, I would be like, What are you playing with there? Lego! Sounds fun. All right. [audience laughing] And then his mum would take him to bed, and Id go, Good night, sweet dreams, my prince! I was a shit parent. Well, now its just me and him. And so I have this four-year-old that comes once a… every… Every second week, I get my kid. He comes over, I try to make it as normal a family life as we can, but the little cunt only eats four different foods. [audience laughing] He eats macaroni and cheese, chicken and fucking pizza and apples. I try to make him eat other things, but his mother doesnt. Its a big argument, thats why she lives in another fucking house. Anyway… But he comes over and I try to have family meals with him, right? So its just me and him so I make him chicken, I have to bread it, I have to do things, I have to make it a certain level, and then I cut up some apples, and then I sit there, and then he comes and eats dinner with me. And Im not gonna make two fucking meals, so Im eating fucking chicken and apples as well. [audience laughing] So were sitting there eating a meal, and I dont let him watch TV while were eating. Thats family time, so its me and him. But I got to be honest, I want to watch the TV. The conversation runs out pretty fucking quick. He hasnt got a lot going on. I go to him, How was your day? And he goes, I dont know, and I go, What did you do at school? He goes, Drew a picture, and Im like, Fuck, this is a long meal. [audience laughing] Anyway, so I make him the chicken, I make him the apples, and then I take him upstairs for bedtime at 8:30, and he has a bath and I wash his hair and I put him in some pajamas, and hes all fresh and clean. I put him in the bed, I sing him the same song every day. And then I read him a story and I wait till he falls asleep and then I go downstairs and watch TV. And then about two hours later,  about 10:30, I just hear screaming, just… [screams] I run up the fucking stairs, I get up there, hes covered in vomit. Hes vomited all over. Hes got vomit through his fucking hair. I pick him up, hes shitting. Right, hes shitting and vomiting onto me. So hes vomiting onto me, but hes shitting in front of where Im walking. So Im walking through shit as vomits coming onto me. I put him on the toilet. I get him a bucket. He is now shitting and vomiting simultaneously. Now, maybe I didnt cook that chicken long enough. [audience laughing] Anyway… So hes just sitting there. Hes never had food poisoning before. I had the same meal. The little cunts just got a weak constitution. Anyway, so… Hes sitting there shitting and vomiting at the same time. The poor little fella, cause hes four, his brain doesnt compute that this wont go on forever. He actually looked at me, shitting and vomiting, he looks at me and goes, I guess this is me now. [audience laughing] Im just laughing like, Youll be all right, fella. Youll be all right. Anyway, this goes on for a couple hours, where its about midnight now. Hes empty. Everythings out of his body. I give him another bath, and I wash him off, and I wash all the vomit out of his hair, and I put him in some new pajamas, and I say, Come sleep in my bed, mate. Everythings going to be all right. And he sleeps in my bed, and I pat his back until he goes to sleep. And then I go to sleep. And then two hours later, I shit the bed. [audience laughing] Now… this wasnt like… like I woke up with cramps and went… [groans] And then I shit the bed. No, the shit and the waking up was a simultaneous thing. I was lying there, and went… [makes a splat sound] [groans] Hes fast asleep, and I just shit the bed next to a four-year-old. Which I assume is a crime. Ive never felt so sick, and I get out, and Im in my underwear, theres just shit pouring down my thighs, and Im like… [screams] And I vomit on the floor, and Im walking through my own vomit, and Im shitting onto the vomit, and I make it all the way to my toilet… and I sit there and Im shitting… I didnt have a bucket, so Im just vomiting into the fucking bathtub, and shitting, and I actually said out loud, I guess this is me now! [audience laughing] [audience cheering] Now, Im there for a couple of hours. Ive taken all my clothes off, so now its, like, five in the morning… and Im fucking naked, just still shitting and vomiting. And my son wakes up. Hes feeling fresh as a daisy. [audience laughing] He comes in, his pajamas all clean, his hairs all fluffy, he walks in. Holding his teddy, he walks around the pile of shit and vomit. [audience laughing] He walks in to see his father shitting and vomiting on the toilet. He looks at me and goes, We had a tough night, didnt we, Dad? [audience laughing] [audience cheering] Now… Im gonna tell you a story. Now, this story happened… uh… about a year and a half ago. I got booked to do a private party with a very famous… American singer. And I signed a contract to say that I would never say who booked me, how much I was paid, or who was at the party. But then Ive just been telling people, and nothings happened, so… [audience laughing] So its… Mariah Carey. Now… I get a phone call from her management one day, and they say, Mariah Careys a massive fan of yours. And I said, No, shes not. They go, How do you know? I said, I dont know the woman. Ive never met her. But I know this. There is no scenario where Mariah Carey finishes a concert, goes home, pours herself a bath, lights a few candles, and goes, ‘Put on a bit of Jim Jefferies. And then sits there splashing around, going, ‘Women are cunts! No. [audience laughing] I said, Shes not a fan. So they ring back and they go– Her fiance at the time… Her fiance, James Packer, is a fan. Now, James Packer is a very famous Australian billionaire. And she wanted to purchase me for his 50th birthday as a gift, right? Already weird, to be a human gift. [audience laughing] But I guess thats what you buy billionaires. You cant buy them materialistic things, cause they can purchase whatever they want. You buy them other human beings doing tricks. [audience laughing] So they ring me up, and they go… They go, $15,000, 15 minutes. You just gotta perform at a dinner party. She lives half a mile away from you. Easy-peasy. And I said to my manager, Alex, I said, Alex, that sounds fucking horrible. Im not gonna do that. And he rings back up ten minutes later, $30,000… 15 minutes. And I said, Alex… Im an artist. [audience laughing] I never let money make decisions for me. Now, I think we all know where this is headed. [audience laughing] They rang back, $60,000, 12 minutes, and I was like, Fuck it, whats your address? [audience laughing] So three weeks later… So for three weeks I was just dreading this gig, and then three weeks later, its like, all right, I show up at the house. Im there in the middle of summer. Im wearing a leather jacket and fucking T-shirt, Im sweating my ass off, and Im there with my manager, Alex, and someone… Mariahs assistant opens the door, and goes, Which one of you is Jim Jefferies? -Im like… -[audience laughing] The fucking career is crushing it, obviously. Uh… I said, Thats me, and she goes, Weve been waiting for you, and she goes, Youre not to be seen. Youre a surprise. And I get into the house, shes like, Oh! Take your shoes off! Mariahs one of those cunts. Soon as you enter your house, you gotta feel uncomfortable, take your fucking shoes off. I dont know if we have any of those Nazi fucking pricks in this room, but youve lost a lot of friends over this, you fucking lowlife cunts. [audience cheering] Anyway… So I take my shoes off. Im the birthday surprise, so no ones to see me, so they secretly get me into the kitchen. So I go into the kitchen. Im sitting there, and then they give me some rich people food, which is the same as poor people food but has truffles on it. [audience laughing] Im sitting there eating my fucking truffley food… [chuckles] I look at my manager, like, I shouldnt be here. Its the worst idea I ever had. -I shouldnt do this. -Hes like, Its going to be fine. Itll be great. Youll do great. At that stage, Eddie Murphy walks into the kitchen. Now, Eddie Murphy, and I want this on film, is my childhood fucking hero. Delirious was such a big deal to me. [audience cheering] And was the reason that I tell these big long stories. He was the first comic I saw who told long stories. Anyway, Im gonna do a terrible impersonation, but Eddie Murphy walks up to one of the catering people, he goes, Im all dehydrated. I need a Gatorade or a Powerade or something with ‘ade. I need electrolytes. My mouth is dry. [audience laughing] And Im just staring at him, like… Then he points at me, he goes, Oh, I know you. You do the TV show with the disabled boy. And I said, I do do the TV show with the disabled boy! And he goes, I love that show. Its a fantastic show. Youre masturbating off a little disabled boy in the sky. What a great show it was. What are you doing here? And I said, Im gonna do stand-up for the dinner party! And he went, Theres no way thats gonna work out, and he just fucked off. [audience laughing] [clears throat] So I just break out into a fucking sweat, right? And then Mariahs assistant comes up to me, and she goes, Its time. Now, let me paint a picture for you. Theres 20 people in a garden, sitting at a long table, surrounded by tiki torches before tiki torches had racist connotations. Theyre all famous people. They do not know that theres any entertainment. Nor have I been announced. There is not a microphone. There is not a light. Im walking out in my socks. [audience laughing] I just look like a guy whos gotten onto the property… [audience laughing] And has a few things that he wants to say. [audience laughing] See, the difference between stand-up comedy and a drunk guy giving opinions? Thats it. [audience laughing] So I walk out, and so, Mariah Careys here, James Packers here, Eddie Murphys here. Al Pacinos here, Warren Beattys here, and it gets less and less famous as we go along. [audience laughing] So I walk out, Ive never done a birthday party before, so I just treat it like a kids birthday party. So I walk up to a 50-year-old man, and I go, Hey, hey! [audience laughing] Happy birthday! And he went, Who are you? And I went, Who am I? Im Jim Jefferies, your favorite comedian! And he goes, I dont know you. And I pointed at Mariah, and I said, Mariah! And Mariahs on her seventh Xanax of the fucking day. [audience laughing] And she just looks over at him and goes, Remember? We watched him on the computer doing something. It was very clear that they were towards the end of their relationship, because he was just like, Why do you talk? [audience laughing] And I went, Fuck it! Ill tell some jokes anyway, shall I? [audience laughing] At that stage, Leonardo DiCaprio walks in with three of the hottest chicks Ive ever seen in my fucking life. He has it big, cause he just did that movie where he had sex with a bear. I havent seen it. He walks up. He stands next to me. Everyone greets him like hes Norm from Cheers, right? Somehow, this cunt gets to keep his shoes on. [audience laughing] And he just chats to the table for three minutes. So for three minutes, Im standing next to Leonardo DiCaprio like this… [audience laughing] After three minutes, he doesnt even look at me. He just points at me and goes, Whats all this about? And Warren Beatty went, We dont know! [audience laughing] Then Leonardo DiCaprio took the women over, and sat on some garden furniture, and I was like, Fuck it, Ill just go do 12 minutes. No one says anyone has to laugh, I just gotta fucking talk, right? So I just started phoning in some fucking jokes. I just looked at them and went, Theres a turtle at my kids school, and I told the turtle routine, and Im just fucking walking around telling the fucking turtle routine. James Packer is getting angrier and angrier, just like… Fucking… At one stage, he says to Mariah Carey at the same volume that Im talking next to him, he says, Why did you think Id enjoy this? Right? And Im like, Just keep smiling, Jim. Keep a song in your heart, and they cant hurt you. [audience laughing] So I keep going, and hes getting angrier and angrier, and he just goes like this… Gun control! And I said, Yes! [audience laughing] Im the gun control guy! And he goes, I love that bit. Do that bit. [audience laughing] And I said, I havent performed that in over a year. I really dont know how it goes, and he went, Just fucking do it. And I went, Okay! So I started doing the gun control thing. So Im like running across the lawn to do the fucking safe thing. Now, that routine… is 16-and-a-half minutes long. [audience laughing] I go through it in eight minutes. ‘Cause it turns out, its shorter without laughter. [audience laughing] [audience cheering] I did get a laugh, though. I got a laugh from James Packer. At the halfway moment during the routine, he just gave this, like, Australian billionaire… guttural fucking laugh. He just went, Ha! [audience laughing] This laugh is so distinctive to my Australian ear, that if I was in the Outback, and I heard it, I would become like Steve Irwin, and be like, Oh! Thats the Australian billionaire. [audience laughing] And then he just went… [guffaws] Because it was his birthday, it was like a moment in a medieval film where the king started laughing, and the rest of the courtyard was like, The King is amused! They all started laughing a little bit, and all of a sudden, I wasnt having a good gig, but I was getting away with it. [audience laughing] So I finish up the show and I did a routine that was on my last special about how Im a five in the looks department, but because Im on TV I get to fuck sixes and sevens, but because Im an alcoholic, I fuck fours and threes. [audience laughing] So I did that routine, then afterwards, Im standing around with my manager, Alex, and were drinking, and Al Pacino and Warren Beatty walk up to us and theyre drunk as fuck, or… theyre just old. [audience laughing] And Al Pacino walks up to me, and this is the exact words he says, he went, Oh! A couple of fives are talking to each other. [audience laughing] And I forgot my routine, Im like, Sorry? And he goes, Im a five. Youre also a five. [audience laughing] Then I remembered, I went, Well, I get to fuck sixes and sevens because Im on the TV. I bet youre fucking crazy nines and tens, right? And he grabs one of the girls with Leo, and he drags her, and he goes, Youre right. [audience laughing] Then he pushed her away, and then Harvey Weinstein tackled her and dragged her into the bushes. [audience laughing and applauding] And then he goes like this, he goes, I like what you do. You tell stories. Nobody tells stories anymore. [audience laughing] You tell a story, Im enjoying myself. Oh, Im enjoying myself. But then you get distracted and go on a tangent, and I think, ‘Oh, no… Ill never hear the end of this tale. [audience laughing] But then you come back to the story, and Im like, ‘Wow! He remembered the whole time. [audience laughing] [audience cheering] And then he kept talking for, like, ten minutes and at the ten minute mark, I hadnt said a word, and he literally said, he goes, You havent said anything! [audience laughing] Am I talking too much? And I said, Mr. Pacino, this is one of the greatest moments of my life. Please keep talking till I come. [audience laughing] And he said, A challenge! [audience laughing] Then he said to me, he goes, Do you act? Al Pacino says, Do you act? and Im like, Ive acted. [chuckles] Im not an actor. Im a comedian. And he goes, Oh! I know a lot about acting, and I was like, Yeah you do. [audience laughing] And hes like, Youre going to be a great actor! A great actor! And Im like a fat chick being hit on. Im like… [audience laughing] Then he went, No, fuck it! Dont act! Youre better than us. Actings for idiots like me and him. He points at Warren Beatty, and Warren Beatty, at this stage, is looking at a moth going around a tiki torch, like… [audience laughing] He goes, Youre better than us. You tell stories. Youre a director. And Im like, All right. Hes like, Say it for me. Say, ‘Im a director. [audience laughing] I went Im a director. [audience laughing] And he went, Say it again! And I went, Im a director. And he goes, One more time. But this time I need more passion from you, George Jamison. [audience laughing] So I just got the fever and I went, Im a director! Everyone there stopped what the fuck they were doing. They all stared at me, and I went, I dont know whats going on. [audience laughing] Warren Beattys all confused. He leans over and goes, Um… What do you direct? You know when youre a kid in your teens, you just lie all the time? But you dont really lie past 30. You lie to get yourself out of trouble. Lies like, I dont know that girl, I was somewhere else. Right? [audience laughing] I just did one of those teenage lies. He goes, What do you direct? And I said, Ive directed two independent films… and I have a big budget film in the works with Warner Bros. [audience laughing] And then Warren Beatty looks at me and goes, Um… How can we stay in touch? And I just went… Im fucking lying, man. [audience laughing] And before I could say anything else, my manager saw that I was drowning in this conversation, he swooped in, so Hollywood-y, he goes, I love this. Jim Jefferies, Warren Beatty, youre gonna make a lot of great films together. Heres what were gonna do. Youre gonna take my number, Warren, Im gonna take yours. Were gonna stay in touch. They start swapping numbers and Im standing off to the side, like, I dont know what the fuck this is. [audience laughing] Before I could say anything stupid, Alex puts his arm around me, and drags me out of the party. Im like, I dont know what just happened, Alex. He turned me and went, Youre gonna have to learn how to direct. [audience laughing and cheering] Now, before we go, on all my specials, I do this little bit at the end. Um, I mention depression. Depression has been something that has been a major part of my life. Not just my life, but my fathers life, and it has sort of controlled… um, everything for me. Now, if youre suffering from depression… As I hit 40, its gotten a bit better. And its gotten a bit better because I was speaking to my dad, whos 76, and I said, Dad, why arent you depressed? And he said, Ah… what are you going to do? Now… [audience laughing] That actually said something to me. It said something big in my brain, actually, it flicked a switch. All right, cause I wasted my 20s being depressed, the prime years of my life. I wasted most of my 30s being depressed, and a lot of you may have done that as well. But this is the thing, right? The only reason were depressed in our 20s and our 30s and our 40s, the prime of our life, is because of hope. [audience laughing] ‘Cause we think that something better is fucking coming, right? You think youre gonna make it. You think youre gonna be something. What if I dont meet the woman of my dreams? What if I dont get the career I want? And then when youre old, you go, Ha! [audience laughing] I guess none of that happened. [audience laughing] But then youre happy to be alive. See, I spent weeks, in my 20s, in my fucking bed going, I dont want to live. I cant get out of my fucking bed. You know who doesnt do that? People in their 90s. You dont meet depressed people in their 90s. I used to be like, I cant get up. People in their 90s are like, Im up! [audience laughing] Did it again! Boom! [audience laughing and cheering] So all you have to do is outlive your depression. [audience laughing] And then embrace the things that make you fucking weird. All right, Im 40, about to turn 41 in a few weeks, and… [scattered cheers from crowd] Ill tell you a weird thing about me. I have a passion. My passion is this. I like little things that look like they should be big things. I act like theyre full-size, but that Im a giant. [audience laughing] Ill give you an example. When youre in a shitty hotel, they give you a little box of breakfast cereal? I act like thats a full-size box of breakfast cereal. Then I walk up to people and go, This is a full-size box of breakfast cereal. Im a giant! Like, my ex, Kate, she had to stop buying cherry tomatoes and baby carrots, cause whenever we had them in the house… [audience laughing] I was a pain in the ass. I was always like, Kate! Its a regular size tomato! Im gonna eat it in one bite! ‘Cause Im a giant, Kate! Every time we went to a restaurant and I ordered sliders, she was like, Fuck, here we go. [audience laughing] You dont wanna be sitting next to me on a plane when you get that little bottle of vodka. Im a nightmare. Im like… [yells] Everyone, I should be drunk! I just drank a whole bottle of vodka. But Im not… cause Im a giant! Now, this all came to a head when my son was two. We were trying to put him in preschool, and we went around to the different schools, were taking the tours, and we were on this one tour, at the school he actually ended up at, and they were showing us the play equipment in the classrooms, and then we walked into the toilets. [audience laughing] And they had these toilets for two-year-olds, which had little tiny bowls, a little tiny seat, a little tiny water thing, and a little tiny flusher, and as soon as I saw them… [audience laughing] I was in heaven. And the rest of the group kept walking, and I acted like I was walking, but I wasnt. ‘Cause I had to stick around, because I had to do a shit on a little toilet. [audience laughing] I didnt even need to do a shit. This was an extra unnecessary shit. I had done a shit two hours earlier. So I pull down my pants, and I get on the little toilet, now, maybe the happiest Ive ever been. [audience laughing] So Im doing this shit, and the holes so small, it only covers my asshole, so my cock and balls are sitting up… on the lip of the seat, and Im just beaming, but then I reach a dilemma. Often, when you shit, you also need to wee. [audience laughing] And my dick wanted to wee, but I was just shitting, so my dick was confused. My dick was like, Name me a scenario where shit is welcome and wee isnt. [audience laughing] Im like, Were just shitting right now. Its like, Fuck it, Im gonna wee, and Im like, Please dont wee! ‘Cause if you wee, Ill become a sex offender, and Hank wont get into the school… and Kate wont get happy. Now, at this stage, Kate realizes Ive left the group. [audience laughing] And she walks back in to see the father of her child doing a shit on a little toilet, with his cock and balls sitting up on the lip. The look of disappointment that just flooded her face… I just looked at her like this. [audience laughing] Im a giant, Kate! Ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much. I loved every minute of it. [audience cheering] [rock music playing]

JIM GAFFIGAN@NOBLE APE@2018@BOY: Thats Mom and Dad. [hip-hop music] MAN: Ladies and gentlemen, Jim Gaffigan! [cheers and applause] Thank you! Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. Oh, my gosh, you make me feel only 20 pounds overweight. Oh, look at his beard. Hes… Hes got quite a beard. He looks like an out of shape Civil War general. My dearest Peggy… it has been a fortnight since I have had a salad. I love my beard. You grow a beard and strangers are fascinated. I have strangers coming up to me, Hey, whyd you grow your beard out? I joined Al-Qaeda. Dont even joke around about that. But you can ask about facial hair, right? You cant be like, Hey, how long you had the man boobs? Are they natural? Now youre looking at my man boobs. To me theyre beautiful. When do I get a Dove commercial? Im talking about the Dove ice cream bar which barely cleans your body and is less racist. Thank you for coming out. It is great to be here. Thank you so much. It is… Its been a crazy year for me. Crazy year. I dont know if you know, in April it was discovered my wife had a brain tumor. Im not even making this up. It was removed. Shes great. – Everythings good. Thank you. – [cheers and applause] I didnt remove it. I was in the other room soiling myself, but… the tumor is gone along with my ability to ever win another argument. Its not like I was winning a lot before, but now Im retired. And luckily my wifes not the type to bring it up. Well, once she did. She was like, You know, I did have brain surgery. And I couldnt be like, Yeah, that was like a month ago. Its time to move on, you know? What about my seasonal allergies? We all have our cross to bear. It was crazy. You know, the surgeon told me the tumor was the size of a pear… Which is scary, but also confusing. I was like, Did he go to med school or a farmers market? But tumors are often compared to fruit. A pear, a lemon, a grapefruit. Interesting fact, worst tumor, grapefruit. Worst fruit, grapefruit. When you think about it, a grapefruit looks more like a tumor than a fruit. I must feel sorry for grapefruit. Yeah, we cant win, you know? Were already the worst fruit, now were compared to the worst tumor? Well, at least we help old people poop. That is the worst impression of a grapefruit ever. Its kind of unfortunate that theres another fruit thats much smaller named grape cause you know theres situations in doctors offices, We found a tumor, its the size of a grape… Thank God. I didnt finish… Grapefruit. Oh, thats… Thats very different. It was strange. You know, when the doctor told me the tumor was the size of a pear, I thought, Wow, I guess doctors are bad at analogies. But I quickly realized theyre just dumbing it down for idiots like me. Like the surgeon looked at me and thought, Well, this guys not gonna understand centimeters. I dont even wanna try and explain circumference. Based on appearance, he doesnt eat fruit, but… hes probably seen a pear… when hes at the grocery store buying ice cream. I dont know why the surgeon sounds like Andy Rooney. [as Andy Rooney] You ever notice tumors look like fruit? [normal voice] By the way, if you dont know who Andy Rooney is, youre a child. And if you do know who Andy Rooney is, you should probably eat more grapefruit. Tumors compared to fruit. Theyre… Theyre sometimes compared to balls like a golf ball or a softball, but the surgeon looked at me and thought, Im gonna stick with food. I got a better shot at this fat ass understanding. I joke around, but it was scary. We have five children and there were moments when I was like, Oh, my gosh, if anything happens to my wife, those five kids are gonna be put up for adoption. Some of these jokes are just for the fathers. My wife was so amazingly strong and brave during this whole experience. For three months after the surgery she couldnt eat solid foods and her friends would send us the most delicious food. She couldnt eat. So I found myself hiding the food and secretly eating it. This is like a whole new eating disorder for me. Am I supposed to feel shame cause Im helping my wife! Really Im a hero. She mostly ate Jell-O. Jell-O. You know what they make Jell-O out of? Bones and hooves. I always thought that was an urban legend. Bones and hooves. What kind of mad man… Let me have the bones and hooves, Ive got an idea for a kids dessert. Itll be huge. Well get Cosby to do the commercials. Everyone trusts him. Anyone using the eyeballs? I can make an abacus. Ive got tons of ideas. They say laughter is the best medicine… and it is, after youve received real medicine… from a real medical professional. Prior to that, you dont want any laughter. You dont want a doctor giggling during an exam. [laughing] Oh, my gosh, this is your body? Wow, nice man boobs. My wife had the surgery in New York City at a hospital named Mount Sinai. Ive noticed that a lot of hospitals in the U.S. are either named after Saints or ancient places in Israel which is not that reassuring when you think about it. Its like, Hi, welcome to our hospital. Were all about science which is why our building is named after the place God talked to Moses as a burning bush. Over heres our Casper the Ghost wing… next to our Astrology Center. Do you like UFOs? We love those. Were all about science. Spent two weeks in the hospital. People what work in hospitals are truly amazing people. – [cheering] – They are. So nice and supportive. It makes you suspicious, right? Are they stealing the drugs? Theyre a little too excited to be around sick people in pajamas. And when I say sick, Im not talking about the positive slang, right? ‘Cause thats… thats part of our language, right? That jacket is sick! But you dont want a medical professional to be like, Your test results are sick! I mean, let me clarify, youre dying. Its got to be hard to work in a hospital. That hospital lighting. Everyone looks sick in that hospital lighting. I walked in, theyre like, We should get you to the ER. Im just here to see my wife. Well, you have jaundice. See? Compared to… Oh, my gosh! I have jaundice, too! We all have jaundice! When my wife would nap, I would go to the cafeteria. Hospitals have the most cutting-edge medical equipment, but theyre still serving food like its Shawshank Redemption. How about selling an MRI machine and getting a pasta station? Jim, youre a monster. Theres different sections in hospitals. Theres the Emergency Room, the Intensive Care Unit. Which sound scary, but I dont know why anyone would want to stay anywhere but the Intensive Care Unit. It kind of implies the rest of the hospitals like, Look, we care, but were not gonna be a spaz about it. I get a phone call, Im gonna take it, right? Were like the Mediocre Care Unit. Which is better than We Couldnt Care Less Unit. Those guys are horrible. Its wild. My wife was in surgery for ten hours. And before the surgery, the surgeon told me, he goes, Half way through Ill probably stop and get lunch. I dont need to know that. Why even tell me that? Was he afraid I was gonna run into him in the cafeteria? What are you doing here?! I get these cravings. Those Snickers commercials are true. But he was a great brain surgeon. We learned later on that hes like the best. I dont know how they determine the best brain surgeon. You know, maybe theres a competition. Americas Got Tumors. Heidi Klum thought he was the best. The best brain surgeon. Isnt it enough that someones a brain surgeon? None of us could even get in Med School. A brain surgeon goes to medical school, afterwards, specializes in neurology, after that, specializes in surgery of the brain, and were like, Yeah, but are they any good? Yeah, theyre a brain surgeon! You know what they do with the bad brain surgeons? They dont let them become brain surgeons. Can you imagine the pressure on a brain surgeon? At no point during their workday can they say, Hey, it aint brain surgery. ‘Cause its always brain surgery! Every day! Whatd you do at work, honey? Brain surgery! Thats fun. You want some fruit? Never! My wife had a… she had an amazing team of doctors. She had the brain surgeons. She also had an ear, nose, and throat doctor. Ear, nose, and throat. That kinda sound like they didnt make the cut for brain surgeon. I wanna be a brain surgeon. You know what? Lets stick with the ears, nose, and throat. Youd be better with the things surrounding the brain. Can I have the eyes? You know what? Lets stick with the ears, nose, and throat. We promised the eyes to the nerd at LensCrafters. Why pick an Optometrist? Those ear, nose, and throat doctors, they must look at dentists and think, Just teeth? Thats it? What about the tongue? Not the tongue, just the teeth. You just work on teeth? Surgery on teeth? Oh, I dont do the surgery. Thats the orthodontist. I mostly scrape stuff off of teeth… while I listen to 80s music. I love Debbie Gibson. When you think about it, dentist, they dont do the surgery, they dont even clean the teeth. Theyre like, You guys do everything and then Ill come in and jab em with a sharp object… while I listen to Debbie. I did figure out what type of doctor I would want to be, which is an anesthesiologist. ‘Cause just once Id like to walk in a room and go, Hi, Im Dr. Gaffigan. Im gonna give you some drugs so you cant talk or move… and one of these strangers is gonna cut you open. Good luck. What draws someone to anesthesiology? Its like, I like medicine, but I really enjoy getting people high. If I could combine the two. I also prefer to sit during surgery. You ever see the anesthesiologist during surgery? Theyre always sitting there like… I dont even know why I have to be here. Yeah, theyre still alive. Anyone got the WiFi password? But I have a newfound respect for doctors. I do. ‘Cause when you think about it, unless were sick, we listen to absolutely nothing doctors tell us. Theyre like, You should lose weight. Never gonna happen. What else you got? You should exercise. Does eating French fries count? Get out of my office. I dont even listen when I bring my kids to the doctor. The doctors like, To avoid an infection… Im like, De de de de de de de de de de de de de de de de. My wifes like, Whatd the doctor say? Dont pick the scab. I dont listen to nerds! That was the only time I would ever see a doctor. Is when I bring my kids in. Sometimes Id try and horn in on a pediatric appointment. The doctord be like, Hows little Mikey doing? Mikeys good. Hes good. Hes a little worried about this mole I have on my arm. Yeah, I explained to Mikey that Ive always had the mole, but Mikey thinks it mightve changed colors. Jim, would you like to make an appointment? No, its Mikey. He just needs a thumbs up or a thumbs down on the mole. I know Mikey doesnt want to play the Hippocratic Oath card, but you have to tell us, dont you? Im mostly healthy. I, uh, worked out today. I know I dont need to. When Im home in New York City, I workout at the Chinatown YMCA. And I realize when people hear the Chinatown YMCA they think, Oh, thats not like a serious place to workout. And its not. Its not at all. Its mostly little kids learning how to swim and really old, Chinese people with their parents. I didnt even know you could live to that age. But I tell you, watching a 90 year old on an elliptical, really inspires me to die in my 70s. It looks like a machine is eating someones grandma. But I love my Y, you know? Its… Its different from a normal health club. Theres never moments when you think, Oh, my gosh, look at how much weight that guys lifting. Its more like, Oh, my gosh, that guys smoking… on a treadmill in dress pants. Its very business-casual. Sure my Y doesnt have some of the amenities, but it also doesnt have the normal health club distractions. I dont have to deal with loud music or people that are in shape. I walk around my Y and Im like, You know what? Im doing okay. Maybe I should teach a class. Hi, welcome to advanced elliptical. Doesnt matter if you dont have workout clothes on, were not gonna be raising our heart rate. So lets step on, pick a show, and think about what were gonna eat. Okay, whos having a burger, huh? Lets practice eating fries. Im ignored at my Y. Im ignored at all health clubs. Like, when I walk into a fitness area, even in a hotel, people always look at me like, I didnt know they serve food here. The only people that approach me are personal trainers. Theyre like, You looking for a personal trainer? Uh, no. You should be. So Ive gotten to the point, if Im approached by a personal trainer, I just act like theyre hitting on me. Theyre like, Hey, how you doing? Im married. Uh, I dont think you unders… I understand perfectly! You wanna get with me… but Im taken, so you can look, but no touchie. I got to do some international shows this year. I performed in Japan for the first time – which was amazing. – [cheers and applause] I mean, I wasnt in Japan just for stand-up, I was also modeling. I wish that wasnt that funny. But Japan… The Japanese are just… Theyre… theyre better at being human. Can we admit that? Theyre… You know, theyre more polite, theyre better at design. The Japanese toilet. Are you familiar with the Japanese toilet? The Japanese took the most disgusting experience of human existence and fixed it. The Japanese toilet washes you, dries you, does your taxes… and that is in a Tokyo airport bathroom. You leave a Japanese public restroom cleaner than when you walked in. You leave an American public restroom with PTSD. Your only thought is, How can I forget that experience? Is there alcohol nearby? The entire time I was in Japan I felt overweight. Probably cause I am overweight, but generally the Japanese are thin. I mean, there are people that are overweight in Japan, but not like in America. Were better at not being thin. ‘Cause if you get really fat in Japan, they make you Sumo wrestle. They make their fat people fight each other… To entertain the thin people! And the fat people in Japan go along with it! Why am I doing this? Its prestigious. Now you try and push that other fat ass out of the circle while we try not to giggle… [giggles] But first, throw on this giant diaper and put your hair in a bun. Its very dignified. The Japanese are quiet and polite. Theyre like the opposite of my children. I had my kids with me and they were always making loud noises. Occasionally, I would catch a Japanese person looking at my poorly behaved kids and then they would look at me and Id always say the same thing, Were Canadian. Of course, were not Canadian, but… that is what some Americans do when they travel internationally. They tell people theyre Canadian. Which I think is cowardly. Thats why I always tell people Im North Korean. Then I get the respect I deserve! How much attention does the country of North Korea need at this point? Every two days North Koreas like, Were gonna blow up the world! Isnt there a party thats like, Then just do it. Get it over with, you spaz. Jim, dont even joke around about that. What if someone from North Korea was in the audience? They have a missile program. Its kinda fun tracking the North Korean missile program, right? Theyre like, North Korea has missiles that can reach Alaska. Oh, my gosh, Alaska?! Well, I dont know anyone that lives in Alaska. North Korea has missiles that can reach the West Coast. Oh, my gosh, the West Coast? Well, I dont go there that often. North Korea has missles that can reach the East Coast. Whoa! We gotta do something about this! Now were talking about real people! – [cheers and applause] – Oh, thank you. I did some shows in China. All in Chinese. I picked it up at the Y. Its not that hard. It wasnt that complicated. You visit some places and you think, All right, theres a language barrier, but I can get by. In China I was like, Oh, if I got lost I would die here. I wouldnt last a half a day. Everyones looking at me like Im a ghost anyway. The Chinese were very nice. They were fascinated with my pale, blonde children. Many of them wanted pictures with my kids. They didnt really ask. They just grabbed a kid. Can I have a picture with this one? I guess youre gonna. And when they were done with the picture, they would rub my blonde kids head cause you know, theyre my kids, but theyre also lucky objects. And after this happened a couple times I was like, Hey! We should charge, right? China was fascinating and exhausting. I brought my kids to The Great Wall, we saw the Terracotta Warriors, we walked through the Forbidden City, we rode in a ricksha, and when we were leaving I asked my five year old, I said, What was your favorite part of China? And he said, I liked that time we saw the truck with the pigs on it. ‘Cause at one point, we were stuck in traffic and this truck pulled up and it had pigs in cages. And that was his favorite part. After the 15 hour flight. And I remember when that truck pulled up cause I remember looking at those pigs and feeling sorry for them, but those pigs looked happy. It was almost like the pigs were looking at me and my five screaming kids and going, Well, at least were not that slob. I do enjoy travelling to other countries. Seeing how different, but essentially similar we all are. Like the U.K. is not that different from the U.S.. You know, if anything, you go over there and it seems like British people are trying to be different from Americans. Theyre like, [British accent] Oh, you drive on the right side of the road? Then… then were gonna drive on the left side of the road. Oh, you call your mother ‘mom? Then were gonna call ours… ‘mum. Oh, you call that a cookie? Then were not going to the dentist. [normal voice] You know thats true. [cheers and applause] I did notice something when I was over there. You know, British people, they dont say the before hospital. You ever notice that? Theyre like, [British accent] Hospital? I was feeling knackered so I went to hospital. [normal voice] Whenever they would do that, Id say, Stop that. Thats wrong and weird. Are you trying to sound like a polite caveman? And I had a friend from London, he was like, [British accent] What makes you think youre doing it properly? [normal voice] And I go, ‘Cause Im American and we invented the English language. It was a pet peeve of mine. So I did some research. You know why British people dont say the before hospital? ‘Cause theyre dicks. Jim! I know that sounds harsh, but admit it! British people always talk to Americans like we just walked into their jewelry store with two full bags of garbage. [British accent] Ugh, may I help you? Are you lost? [shudders] [normal voice] Obviously, I love the Brits and I would never do those jokes there. I have been lucky enough to perform in the U.K. a couple times and one time I was walking through Piccadilly Circus… Which, for the record, is a horrible circus. Theres no animals. No, I was walking through Piccadilly Circus and I saw they had an M&M store and I looked at that M&M store and it just made me think of all the things the British have given the Americans. Like our language, Shakespeare, the Magna Carta, and I looked at the M&M store and I thought, Now were even. When I looked at the M&M store, I wasnt even embarrassed to be American, I was ashamed to be human cause has anyone at any point in their life thought, When are they gonna open an M&M store? Sure, I can buy M&Ms absolutely anywhere, but I like to buy in bulk… in a pro-M&M environment. Obviously, we dont need an M&M store. We dont even need different colored M&Ms. They all taste the same. Theyre just bits of chocolate shaped like Advil. With an M on it. Theyre not even M&Ms. Theyre Ms! We dont do that with anything else. You want some raisin & raisins? Go ahead, grab a handful of raisin & raisins. No, I dont even know how many M&Ms or Ms they would have to sell in London to justify Piccadilly Circus real estate, but this M&M store is massive in the U.K.. It is three levels… Which I guess makes sense, cause the first level so you can buy M&Ms, the second level so you can buy more M&Ms, and then the third level so you can jump to your death cause you wasted time in an M&M store when you were in London! By the way, I dont have any judgement. If you personally enjoy going to the M&M store, thats fine, but, obviously, you shouldnt vote. [cheers and applause] I was with my kids at the time and they wanted to go to the M&M store, cause little children only wanna do horrible things. Kids never wanna do something fun like sit in a dark bar and drink beer. And I remember standing there with my kids and I was aware that there were other parents with their children in the M&M store cause thats what you do as a parent. You do things with your kids cause you love them, but I realized in that moment I dont love my kids that much. I love them enough to walk by the M&M store. Jim, youre a monster. But being a parent is not that different from being a tourist. Its essentially the same experience. In both you walk around exhausted spending money you dont have while you look for a bathroom. Its the same experience. You know? Thank you. [cheers and applause] I, uh… I was recently given a gift certificate for a massage which I will never use because Im not one of the Real Housewives of Beverly Hills. Ive gotten a massage before, but I just… I find it hard to justify a massage like, You know what I deserve? To have someone I dont know rub my body. Lets make that happen people. ‘Cause massages are always from strangers. We get massages from strangers cause we cant count on the people who love us to touch us. Right? I mean, it could be your best friend. You see that guy? Id take a bullet for him. Im not giving him a massage. Im no queer. My wife, the woman I love, the mother of my children, heres my massage, You good? Thats… my hands cramping. So we pay total strangers. Hey, I know nothing about you, why dont I take off my clothes and climb on this padded dining room table? Then you can do whatever you want. We know nothing about these people. I dont even ask if theyre masseuse. Oh, youre dressed like an orderly in a mental ward, why dont I get in the most vulnerable position I can think of? How about face down on the donut pillow? Does that work for you? ‘Cause then I can look at your feet and imagine youre grabbing knives. What do we really know about massage therapists? They like to rub strangers for money while they listen to the Avatar soundtrack. Thats a red flag! Those are the traits of a serial killer! I never know what to say during a massage. Sometimes Ill try and break the ice. Ill be like, Hey, youre not allergic to leprosy, are ya? They never laugh cause theyre busy imagining making a suit out of my skin. ‘Cause theyre murderers. They already put the lotion in the basket. – [cheers and applause] – Thank you. I dont even know what type of massage Im getting when I get a massage. Do you want a deep tissue, a shiatsu, or a Swedish massage? Im like, Ill take the blonde. I dont know. ‘Cause men view massages differently. A woman gets a massage her friends are like, Good for you. A guy gets a massage, You dirty dog, eh! ‘Cause men sexualize all human interaction. It was a therapeutic massage. How therapeutic? Nothing happened. Yeah, thats what well tell your wife, huh? Thats gotta be frustrating for massage therapists. That double meaning. Did you get a massage or a massage? No other occupation has to deal with it. Did you get a cavity filled or a cavity filled? How many dentistry references is he gonna have? For me, a massage is just an hour of awkwardness, right? She gets done, she leaves the room, I put on the robe, I step outside, she hands me a glass of water. I always look at her and go, Youre never gonna call me. What a charade. I did have one massage therapist, she told me theyre allowed to turn people down. I dont know why she told me that. [chuckles] It was after a show. Can you imagine getting turned down by a massage therapist? Thats rough. Yeah, you couldnt pay me to touch you. Not for all the money on the planet. Massages, thats how some people relax. Some people relax in a hot sauna. And sure, who doesnt love recreating the feeling of being trapped inside an active volcano? I dont understand the appeal of a sauna. Heres every experience Ive had in a sauna. Im like, Okay, Im gonna get a sweat going, its gonna be really good for me. Here we go. Its time to get out, right? I dont wanna overdo it. What is so relaxing about sitting in a hot box next to a pile of smouldering rocks? I always look at the rocks like, Whoevers cookin the rocks, theyre done. Thats a wrap on the rock cookin. And to make the sauna more enjoyable, youre always seated next to a naked, 80-year-old man. Oh, good, I get to sweat next to someones grandpa whos only wearing a hand towel. The nudity in the sauna seems unnecessary. This isnt Rome. I just look around the sauna like, Wow… so this is why we wear clothes, huh? So we may eventually eat. In Finland… In Finland where they invented the sauna, they relax in Finland by drinking vodka in the sauna. Which might explain why weve never read any Finnish literature. Vodka in the sauna? Actually, the Fins, they pronounce it, Sao-na cause theyre wasted. [slurred speech] You wanna go to the ‘sao-na and drink some ‘bodka? Drinking vodka in a sauna? You know what kind of ideas you come up with? An M&M store. – [cheers and applause] – Thank you. In Finland… In Finland, I was invited to take a sauna. I was also invited to go cross-country skiing and I could think is, Is fun illegal here? Like what kind of antidepressant do you have to be on to enjoy cross-country skiing? I cant believe cross-country skiings even a sport. Hey, you know that awkward part in downhill skiing where youre trying to get over to the lift? What if we just did that? Whoo! This is fun! And to turn around… You know what? Dont turn around. Lets go across the country. People who enjoy winter seem mentally unstable. Right? Some of those winter activities should get you committed. Its like, Look, we love you, were just worried. I mean, yesterday we caught you walking through the woods with tennis rackets tied to your feet. This morning, we saw you sweeping the frozen lake. Whats next? You sitting in a sled being pulled by dogs? Get some help. Oh, I did one of those genetic tests. I was surprised to find out Im all Asian. You do learn things from those genetic tests. Like I discovered I wasted 100 bucks. [laughter] They send you information. Mine just said, Dude, youre white. In fact, youre very white. I hope you feel guilty. They didnt even break down my nationality. They just highlighted all the British Isles. Theyre like, Youre trash from here. Wherever people need sunscreen. But what do we expect to learn from these genetic tests? Like, Oh, my gosh! Im related to my ancestors! Were only gonna find out bad news. You see it in the commercials. I thought I was Italian, but it ends up, my great-grandma was a whore. [laughter] So I guess Im Eastern European. Sometimes people think Im saying. Eastern Europeans are whores and… I am. No. My point is, only good family news is passed along. Like, if your great-grandfather was Abraham Lincoln, youd already know that, but if your great-grandfather was the town drunk, your grandpas likely to go, Uh, I dont remember. I think he worked in a bar. Chief gutter inspector. I do know I have some Irish ancestry, but, apparently, the Irish didnt keep great records cause, well, draw your own conclusion. Something tells me they werent busy sunbathing. Im Irish, but I have blonde hair. Supposedly, the only reason the Irish have blonde or red hair is cause the Vikings invaded, pillaged, and probably other stuff. Those Vikings, the Scandinavians, I dont know if youve been to Sweden, its like a whole country of Scarlett Johanssons. If I was in Ireland at that time, I wouldve been, Oh, no, some Viking ladies coming to pillage me. I guess Ill hide on this bed covered in rose petals. Hopefully she can help me put together that table. [laughter] [cheers and applause] They say last names can tell you something. Like if your last name is Cooper, that means you probably had an ancestor who made barrels. If your last name is Canter, that means somebody along the line was a singer. My last name is Gaffigan, which is Gaelic for highly anxious. And when I learned that, all I could feel was… highly anxious. I mean… how anxious do you have to be for people to go, You should go with it as your name. Whys that? Thats what we call you anyway. It does seem like some last names were chosen to impress, right? You know, someones like, You know what? I want the ladies to know Im successful, so Im gonna go with the last name, ‘Goldman. Goldman, what are you going with? Weiner. I want the ladies to know I like hotdogs. But who knows? Maybe last names mean nothing. You know, where Im from in Indiana, there is a guy who owns an RV dealership and his name is Tom Raper. Thats his name. And there are billboards. Come see Tom Raper. And people go. Well, we should check it out. Now I dont know why we would let someone named Raper sell RVs. They are essentially mobile crime scenes. If my last name were Raper, I wouldnt leave the house. How do you even go out to dinner? Party of two. Raper. Is there a Raper here? Are there family reunions? Are you a Raper? Im a Raper. Is this your son? He looks just like a Raper. Its so fun getting all the Rapers together. In Milwaukee, I stayed in a hotel named The Fister. That was the name. The Fister. And… And, obviously, they were sensitive to it sounding weird, so they added a P at the front. So it was The Pfister. Hey, it worked for Michelle Pfeiffer. And that hotel was started by a man named Guido Pfister who thought, My names Guido Pfister, why dont I go into hospitality? Guido Pfister? His name sounds like an ethnic slur. Get outta here, you Guido Pfister! Go pfist somewhere else! [laughter] I dont know if you can tell by looking at me, but Im kinda obsessed with not being interested in fashion. Its, uh, something I care deeply not about. And Im aware that not being into fashion is a fashion choice, right? How annoying is that? Its like, Oh, youre not into fashion? That means youre an norm core. Why cant I just wear clothes to cover my disgusting body? Why must it be a choice? ‘Cause the only choice I make when it comes to clothing is does it still fit me? I dont know if youve had an opportunity to fat out of clothes. Thats a special feeling. There are watershed moments in your life, right? When you hold your newborn child or you fat out of a T-shirt. Its amazing cause you dont even go to the obvious conclusion. Youre like, Well, this shirt used to fit. I havent grown since I was a teenager. Oh! Im a fatass! Well, time for a burrito. The best is when you pack for a trip and you fat out of clothes, but you dont realize until you get there. [laughs] You sit there and you go, Well, I guess I can wear that as long as I dont breathe out… or sit down. You ever wear a shirt you cant sit down in? Yeah, you know what? Im gonna stand. I know its Thanksgiving. Im more thankful standing. Better angle for carving. I still have all the clothes that dont fit me. Theyre in my closet in case I have a dramatic weight loss over a weekend. Its ridiculous. Its like Im curating an exhibit of my weight gain. Well, that suit was from 30 pounds ago and that sweater was from last winter and this shirt… This shirt never fit. Have you done that? Have you bought clothes that dont fit thinking thatll be the incentive to lose weight? Its like, Well, Ive only gained weight for the last 40 years, maybe this shirtll turn it around. Howd you lose weight? I bought a shirt. It worked. No, fashions kind of wasted on me. You know, like, those fashion shows. To me, fashion shows just look like skinny teenagers walking around in their parents clothes looking for food. [laughter] [laughter and applause] Ma, theres no food out there. All right, Ill change my outfit and look again. Fashion shows are rather absurd when you consider theyre just people sitting around watching people walk around in clothes. Which is what people do in clothes everyday. But at fashion shows, theyre so fascinated. Theyre like, Oh, my gosh. Ooh, wow, look at that person walk in clothes. How do they do it? If only we could watch them do laundry. And we all know what a fashion show is cause weve seen it on TV. In December they televise the Victorias Secret Fashion Show… Which is excellent, by the way. Well, that ones different cause theres angels. So theres a spiritual aspect… to the thongs their peddling. Its interesting. All the models are beautiful. You ever notice that? Youre like, Yeah, Jim, thats the point. No, but all the models… They pick people that would look good in any clothing. Like, if you want me to buy a suit, show me Michael Moore looking good in it. And Im not picking on Michael Moore. Im friends with him. I like Michael Moore. And not just cause he proves you dont need to shower to be famous. You ever see Michael Moore on television? He looks like hes been robbed of everything he owns. Are you the victim of a shipwreck? What happened?! Pull it together! You won an Academy Award! Stop shopping at the lost and found! But I understand Michael Moores mentality. Fashions not gonna change his life. Its not gonna change my life. I look the same whether Im wearing a T-shirt or a tux. I still look like someone who eats fast food. Probably cause I do eat fast food. I look the way I look. Look, I didnt vote for Trump, but I walked around New York City and everyone the week after the election looked at me like, You did it! You did it! And I was like, I didnt do it! But after a couple days I was like, Did I do it? I know people are scared about Trump being president, but I can tell you, as a straight, white male, – I feel like Ill be okay. – [laughter] [cheers and applause] My wife hates that joke and I love her, but not enough to get rid of that joke. I would do anything for my wife Im aware of that. But there are people that are more romantic. Prince Edward abdicated his right to the English throne for the woman he loved. Isnt that unbelievable? He was forced to choose between the woman he loved or being King of England, and that idiot… chose the broad. Now Im sure in that moment it was the right decision and Im happily married, but even in the best relationship, each person has thoughts where they go, Ive made an enormous mistake. But we never thought, I couldve been King of England. Do you think Prince Edward really ever got over that? Every time he had to empty the trash, he was like, A King of England doesnt have to empty the trash! The King of England can chat with his ex on Facebook! Can you imagine what kind of news event that abdication was in the U.K.? There mustve been, Hes gone mad. We should get him to hospital. Jim, your British accent is getting worse. Why wouldnt you take five minutes and learn a good accent? Its just lazy. Its just lazy. My wifes pretty amazing. She is better at things and Im not ashamed to say that. Like, her guilt trip, legendary. My wife is half Catholic, half Jewish, so her guilt trip is like a superpower. I walk in a room, she looks at me, and I feel horrible. And thats called love. Weve been together so long I will get angry about a guilt trip she hasnt even given me yet. Ill be like, Im gonna watch the football game. Shes like, Okay. And Im like, ‘Cause I want to! Im always in trouble with my wife cause Im selfish, Im lazy, insensitive, and a bunch of other stuff. She rattles on. And I understand being in trouble for stuff Ive done, but sometimes I get in trouble for stuff other men have done. Once I got in trouble for something a guy did in a movie. I was watching a movie with my wife and in the movie there was this married guy with children who left his family for a 20-year-old woman and I knew in that moment I should sleep on the couch. [laughter] And the movie ended and my wife looked at me and she was like, Why would someone do that? And I was like, Uh, it… it was in the script? I didnt say that. I just said, Where do you want me to sleep? I hope it doesnt sound like Im picking on her cause Im grateful to have her in my life. Its nice to have a partner. Someone looking out for you, you look out for them. Like I did two weeks of shows out of town in December and when I came home, my wife informed me that she made me an appointment for the gastroenterologist. If youre unfamiliar, thats the doctor that sticks the camera up your butt. I mean, they do other things, but thats what theyre famous for. Thats probably how they attract people to the field. You like photography? [laughter] Then I got a job that youre gonna love! I didnt ask my wife to set up this appointment. I wasnt sick. I didnt have any symptoms. She just did it cause she was looking out for me. So she casually brought it up. She goes, Just so you know, I made you an appointment for the gastroenterologist. And I said, Just so you know, I wont be going. Shes like, Why wouldnt you go? Its just a consultation. I said, Well, its the principle. Im an adult. I make my own decisions. Thank you. Anyway, so Im at the gastroenterologist… [laughter] The doctor starts to describe the procedure and I said, Look, I should probably let you know, I dont really enjoy getting my picture taken. I would be open to an ultrasound, I think a lot of men are curious what the jelly on the belly feels like. Anyway, the doctor, he didnt think it was funny. [chuckles] And I knew it was precautionary, so I agreed. So he went over to his computer and he goes, All right, my next available appointment is in three months. I was like, Three months?! This was in December. I didnt know if I wanted this procedure hanging over my head during the holidays. Jim, you want another piece of pie? No, Im getting a camera up my butt. I dont want some team of doctors to be like, ‘Wow, this guy loves pie. Barry, get out here. Hes got half a pie up there. I didnt know what could delay this important procedure, but part of me didnt want to find out. I didnt want the doctor to be like, Well, the real delay is finding someone to clean the camera. That takes forever. Turnover in that position is insane, you know? People do it once and theyre like, ‘You know what? Im going back on food stamps. Then I was thinking, maybe its the doctor. Maybe hes like, Dude, I can only do this procedure once a month. Then I gotta take a week off, sit on the beach, and ask myself. ‘Why keep sticking cameras up peoples butts? I couldve been a dentist. Again with the dental reference. But in February I had the procedure and I think every man in here should get a colonoscopy because I had to. Its not an easy decision cause the best news you can find out from getting a camera stuck up your butt is learning you didnt need to have a camera stuck up your butt. Thats the best news. Yeah, we didnt need to do that. We can just chalk that up, one for fun. And the day before the procedure, you cant eat anything. And Im a total pig, so it was terrifying. But after I was awake for five hours and I hadnt eaten anything, I wasnt hungry. I was suicidal. I was so bored. I was like, What am I supposed to sit here and feel feelings? And then at noon and at 6:00 p.m. you have to drink this serum that I believe is made by a collaboration of ex-lax and Taco Bell. Printed on the side of the serum it shouldve just said, Drink this in the bathroom. Might wanna grab a pillow and a book. ‘Cause I tell ya, Ive had diarrhea before… This is the point where everyone acts like theyve never had diarrhea. I dont even know what Jims talking about. Do you? Yeah, Im the only one whos had diarrhea… in a hotel hot tub. Okay. [laughter] Like were at the same hotel. No, Ive had diarrhea. I dont wanna brag. No, Ive had diarrhea, but calling what this serum did to my body diarrhea is an insult to the word diarrhea. My body made noises I didnt know existed. At one point I thought I stepped on a puppy. [laughter] I was in the bathroom for hours. For hours. Checking email… Ignoring phone calls cause serum or not, you cant answer the phone in the bathroom cause you cant hide the fact youre in the bathroom cause theres an echo. Are you in a well? Yes! Yes, Im down here in a well. No kids in this well! Making sure no kids fell in. But I kept getting this call from the doctors office and I thought there might be important information like someone saying, Do not drink the serum! So I answered it and it was just someone confirming the appointment and I dont know how someones supposed to sound when they confirm a colonoscopy, but this person was really casual. Theyre like, Hey, how are you? So, were gonna see you tomorrow? Im like, What? Are we having brunch? I thought I was getting a camera up my butt. She gave me the address. The next morning I went there. It wasnt at a hospital or a clinic, it was at some building. Just picture where you imagine the Black Market would harvest human organs. What am I doing here? And I took an elevator to the basement. There was this huge space with all these makeshift rooms with shower curtains. And I was let into one. There was all this talking… You know when youre nervous and you think you hear things? I thought I heard someone go, I cant believe hes here. I want his kidney. And I was terrified. And then eventually an anesthesiologist walked in, he gave me a shot and he goes, Just wanna go through whats gonna happen. Right now Im giving you some medicine which will knock you out and when you wake up, you wont remember anything. You okay with that? And against every instinct in my body, I just went, Okay. And the last memory I had is just watching the anesthesiologist leave the room as I heard someone go, I want his spleen. And I woke up and I was fine. I mean, Im pregnant, but Im fine. Im not pregnant. My wife? I havent talked to her in an hour. You know, and… But we got five kids and that seems like a lot. And, frankly, its too many. Its… It is a lot, but what am I gonna do now? Its not like they come with free return shipping. I love… I love having five kids. I travel with them cause I dont wanna be away from em and also I enjoy the look on waitstaffs faces when I walk in with my family. ‘Cause my kids are five, six, eight, eleven, and thirteen. And we walked into a restaurant in Dallas and I saw a waitress look at me and my family and quit her job. I mean, she couldve been getting off her shift, I just saw her look at us and throw down her apron and storm off. And I felt like we won. But I like being a dad, you know? Its… I try to do one-on-one time with each of my kids, but its hard cause I travel and theres a lot of em. So sometimes that special Daddy and Me time is just doing something mundane like going with me to the Post Office. Its like, Thats right, buddy, just you and me going to find out why we got this damn slip on our door. Stick that in the memory bank. My dad, always making time for me. Squeezing me into errands. I remember walking to the Post Office and listening to him bitch and moan about the Federal Government. What a guy. I try to be a good dad. I got my kids a dog. – I rescued a dog. – [cheers] – Thank you. Thank you. – [cheers and applause] Well, its not like the dog was drowning. The dog wasnt a victim of sex trafficking. I just went in a building, gave a guy money, and got a dog. Thats how I rescued it. After that I rescued a pizza. I actually… I had to wait to rescue the dog cause the dog was in Jamaica. I dont know if it was on vacation. But I rescued a dog from paradise so it could live in my crowded. New York City apartment. Sometimes I put the leash on the dog and it looks at me like, I used to run on the beach… And now I sleep in a cage. My only hope is that one day youll get rescued. But rescue is the language of today, right? We mean adoption. Now, people dont even say they own dogs. Now people say theyre a dog parent, but I feel like dogs are different from kids. Like, you never hear a parent say, You know, my son had some behavior problems, so we gave him to a friend who had a farm upstate. You know, that way he could run around and well visit him on weekends. Jim, youre a monster. Im no saint, but nobody is. Nobody even goes for saint today, right? Theres no saints. Nobodys like, You know what Im thinking of, uh, Im either gonna go graphic design or saint. Nobody goes for it cause, well, there are… There are Latter Day Saints. Theres Mormons. I love the Mormons. I dont know what Latter Day means. Maybe that means theyre, like, devient till 3:00 p.m. Theyre like, Well, kids are coming home, lets get out of these S&M outfits, honey. Back in khakis. Im talking about the traditional Catholic sense of a… of a saint. Nobody goes for saint anymore cause its too hard. To be considered a Catholic Saint you have to perform two miracles. I dont know why its two. Its not like half of us would be like, You know, if it was one Id go for it. Yeah, cause I can do that thing with my elbow. Its not like one miracles not impressive. Youre never in a job interview, Lets see here, special skills, walk on water, Microsoft Word. Tell me about the Microsoft Word. Actually, where I live in New York City is where the soon to be first. African-American Saint is buried. His name was Pierre Toussaint and he was a hairdresser. I didnt even know you could be a hairdresser and a saint, but he, apparently, got done cutting peoples hair and they were like, This is a miracle. And he was a great man. And hell… hell be a saint. Hell probably be the Patron Saint of Hairdressers. You know, cause saints, theyre in charge of things. Like, Youre in charge of hairdressers, youre in charge of lost objects, St. Patrick, youre in charge of Ireland. St. Patrick, Patron Saint of Ireland. Every March 17th we honor St. Patrick by getting wasted. – [cheers and applause] – Right? But we dont know. We dont know. St. Patrick could be up in heaven going, I didnt even drink. What are these people doing? I like the color blue. I made that very clear. Can someone remind God Im from Italy? I dont wanna rock the boat here, but these Irish are degenerates. ‘Cause they dont get to choose what theyre the Patron Saint of, right? Like St. Bonaventure? Patron Saint of bowel issues. Im not making that up. Bowel issues. Talk about a promotion you dont want. Bonaventures in heaven, St. Peter comes and goes, Bonaventure, youre a saint. Bonaventures like, Yes! Yes! Am I the Patron Saint of Scholars? Not scholars. Wha… What am I the Patron Saint of? Bowel issues. Bowel issues? Yeah, you know when someones getting a colonoscopy or say theyre sitting on the toilet with I.B.S. or explosive diarrhea praying to God. Well, we dont want them praying directly to God. So… you would be like a conduit. That way Gods not talking to someone whos doing number two. Uh, okay. ‘Course Im talking about Catholic Saints cause Im Catholic. Im not a good Catholic. Like, if there was a test for Catholics, I would fail. But, then again, most Catholics would fail. Which is probably why theres not a test. But since Im Catholic and Im a comedian, I was asked to open for the Pope when he visited America. And before youre impressed, it didnt go well. Like, I opened for the Pope, but the Pope wasnt sitting there like, Ha ha ha ha. I dont know how the Pope laughs. Hopefully not like Jabba the Hutt. But I did 15 minutes of stand-up and then the popemobile drove into this outdoor amphitheatre space. I opened for an automobile. And thats not even the first time Ive opened for a car. I had to cut my honeymoon short so that I could perform at the lowa State Fair where I opened for Kyle Buschs NASCAR. Kyle Busch wasnt there, just his car. I did 15 minutes of stand-up and then some stagehands pushed his number 18 on the stage and audience members came up and got pictures with the car. The car did better. But I did open for the popemobile in Philadelphia. Philadelphia, The City of Brotherly Love and if youve been there, you know they mean that sarcastically. I love Philly, but saying Philadelphias. The City of Brotherly Love is a little bit like saying. Syria, a place for peace. But I love Philly. You know, I love the whole Northeast. Im from the Midwest, but I choose to live in the Northeast because I love the energy and I love the fact that everyone in the Northeast is angry for absolutely no reason at all. – [cheers and applause] – Furious! From Philadelphia to Boston, pissed off. Right? That whole Acela Line. I call it the Corridor of Hate. But that is why we are the United States. Think of those initial 13 colonies. Like, in Virginia, those guys… Like Jefferson and Madison, those guys were like the philosophers. Like, Were born with these inalienable rights. We should have representation. But it was the people in the Northeast and Boston they were like, [Boston accent] Screw it. Dump all the tea in the harbor. Those English are dicks. They dont say ‘the before hospital. You know? Dont you wish you were there when the Bostonians explained to the Virginians, Yeah, we listened to all that stuff you said, so we started a war with England. The greatest superpower on the planet. The Virginians were like, Wha?! We were talking hypothetically. Even Patrick Henry was like, When I said ‘Give me liberty or give me death, ‘ I didnt mean actual death. I was talking like death by chocolate death. But so I was in Philadelphia for the event, at the soundcheck and they had constructed this huge amphitheater next to the Ben Franklin Parkway which is a highway and the amphitheater was empty. And I was up there doing the soundcheck and I looked on the highway and it was already filled with a million people. And I looked at those people and I thought, Wow, a million people that dont want to see me do stand-up comedy. ‘Cause they were all there to see the Pope and not one of those million people was thinking, I hope the Pope has a comedian open for him. But I shouldnt have been surprised. In the weeks leading up to the event, there were all these interviews. Theyre like, Youre opening for the Pope. Theres gonna be millions of people there. Are you nervous? Are you gonna prepare? And Im like, Im definitely nervous. Im definitely gonna prepare. Anyway, I didnt prepare. So I was onstage at the soundcheck, looking at those million people and I thought, I gotta come up with some Philadelphia jokes. But what do I know about Philadelphia? I know cheesesteaks, Liberty Bell, and I had just watched this ESPN 30 For 30 documentary about Eagles fans in 1968 throwing snowballs at someone dressed like Santa Claus. Thats all I knew. So I went off and I tried to think of some Philadelphia jokes. Before you knew it, the event started and I was introduced and I walked out and the amphitheatre was still empty. ‘Cause, you know, the Pope wasnt there and it was a Catholic event, so everyone was at the bar. So I was like, All right, I guess Im just gonna do my show for no one. So I go, Its good to be here in Philadelphia. and I heard this roar behind me. [mimics crowd screaming] And it was all the people on the highway. And I was like, All right, Ill play to them. I was like, Philadelphia loves the Pope. [mimics crowd screaming] And I was like, Not that I was worried, but you guys werent that nice to Santa. – Nothing. – [laughter] Silence. And then I heard something that sounded like booing cause it was booing. It wasnt everyone. It was like 10%. So, 100,000 people… booing my Santa joke before they saw their religious leader who was gonna talk to them about mercy. So I did what anyone would do when theyre being booed, I acted like I wasnt being booed. I did some jokes about being lazy and food and I kinda got the crowd back. And I got off stage, disaster averted. And I pulled out my phone and I started checking Twitter and I saw the most angry, hateful tweets Ive ever seen. How dare you bring up the Santa incident! Never come back to Philly. I wish I could punch you. Bringing up the Santa incident in Philly is like bringing up the Holocaust in Germany. That was an actual tweet. Of course, the difference being that the Holocaust happened and Santa has never existed. [laughter] At that moment there was a tap on my shoulder and it was one of the organizers and theyre like, Do you wanna meet the Pope? And I was like, Im good. I was like, Yeah, of course Id love to meet the Pope. So I was put in this room with some of the other performers and we were lined up and the Pope came in. And they started greeting people and I noticed people that the Pope was meeting, they were saying something to the Pope. And I didnt know what I was gonna say to the Pope and before you knew it, the Pope was right in front of me and I just said, Dont bring up the Santa incident. [cheers and applause] And the Pope, he didnt say anything. He just gave me a look of like, Dude, I would never do that. This is Philadelphia. Theyd crucify me. All right, that is all for me. Thank you for coming out. [cheers and applause] I will see you soon. [cheers and applause] [hip-hop music playing] BOY: Thats Mom and Dad.

KEVIN SMITH@SILENT BUT DEADLY@2018@Hey, man, Im Kevin Smith. And moments after we shot the show youre about to watch, I came into this room downstairs at the theater in Glendale, and had a massive heart attack. They talk about, like, I killed onstage. I died onstage. I thought I killed that night, and I came backstage and almost died. So enjoy the special, but know that the guy who is telling jokes for the next hour and stuff is about to face the infinite. And Im alive to stand here and tell you that I didnt die. Now, on with the show. Ladies and gentlemen, Kevin Smith! Hey! Thank you! Stop. Dont. Stop, fucking dont encourage me. Um… thank you all for being here tonight. I had stuff that I wanted to– prepared and what not. But before we go anywhere, I have to share some shit that just literally happened before I got here. If you dont know me, youre like, Oh, hes ready to do a show. If you know me, youre like, Fuck, hes more high than Ive ever seen him in his life. Right when I was getting ready to leave, my daughter comes in, and she just got her license. So she comes into the room and shes just like, Hey, man, can I use your car? She says to my wife Jennifer, Let me use your car to go to Target and get my nails done. And Jennifer was like, Absolutely not. Oh, my God, no. Like, youll crash for sure. And I saw my moment to jump in and be the good parent and be like, Let her do it. You know? Like, shes gotta try it by herself for the first time. This is the first time shes gonna drive by herself in the car with a license and stuff. I was like, Let her do it, man. Whats the worst that could happen? And my wife was shooting fucking daggers at me. Just like, You fucking piece of shit. So… so I was like, Yeah, man, lets just let… She can do this. You can handle this, kid. I said, Just dont speed or anything like that. Trust that shes a good driver. Youve been in the car with her. Shes not fucking terrible. And so… Trust that she can do this and stuff. So, you know, I was like, All right, man. Have fun. And I stood at the front door and watched her pull away and stuff, which was nerve-racking because she had to do a K-turn and she backed out without even looking and another car was coming down the hill. And they had one of these moments. And you heard skidding and I didnt know which one it was and shit. Finally, she corrects herself and then theres a moment where the dude behind her clearly wants to go faster. And my kid, the novice driver, Im watching this go, Let him go first. Let him go first. But shes my kid, very competitive as well. And I saw my driving in her. All of a sudden, she guns it past this fucking dude down the street. And my wife is like, Yeah, shes ready to drive by herself. So I was like this is fucking nerve-racking, man. And she was like, You shouldnt have let her do this. I was like, I need a joint. And so I started smoking. And I was like, What do we do? Do we chase her down? Shes like, No, that doesnt show any trust whatsoever. Shes going, I have Find Friends on my phone. And so I can track her every movement. And so I was like, Are you fucking serious? Open that shit up, man! Lets watch this car wreck in real time. Like… So we were just sitting at the desk and Im fucking smoking away, watching the screen on my wifes phone, watching this dot, like Im fucking Bill Paxton in Aliens and shit. You know. Im like, Shes all over us, man! ‘Cause every time the dot stops on the map, were like, Whats the fucking story here? Did she get in a fender bender? Is she buying cocaine? What is going on? Then finally, it pulled into the fucking Target plaza. And I was like, You gotta fucking text her. And shes like, No, shell know weve been watching her. You gotta fucking play it cool. And were both sweating fucking bullets, man. And Ive smoked a joint all the way down to the fucking filter and shit. All of a sudden, the kid calls us on the phone. And shes like, I did it! I did it! I did it! Shes like, I did it. I didnt get in an accident. And we tried to play it cool. Were like, Well, big deal. We do that all the time. Um, its weird, man because the kids all grown up now. She, like, graduated last year from high school and shit. And that was like the moment my wife had been waiting for, for, like, four years. ‘Cause my wife used to travel with me wherever I went. If I went to make a movie, wed go, leave the house, and go someplace for a couple months or something like that. Wed pull the kid out of school cause she was little. Its like, what is she gonna fucking learn? ABCs? Come with us. Well show you the real world. You know. You know, I was like, I started traveling by myself. I started doing more and more like standup gigs and live podcasts, and so I used to travel with Jen, and now I just wound up traveling by myself. Because she stayed home for the kid. Like, I was like, Why arent you going anymore? Shes like, The kids in fucking high school. Somebody has to stay home to let her in the fucking house, man. So… I was like, fair enough. So I got used to going out on the road without her. And then the kid graduated and my wife was like going crazy. She was like, Oh, my God. My fucking… Im finally getting sprung from this goddamn gilded prison and shit. I was like, What are you talking about? Shes like, This kid is fucking done. I dont have to be the bitch mother anymore. Like, Im tired of playing this role. I dont wanna wake her up and fucking make her do shit, do your homework. Now shes fucking done. Im gonna be done, and Im getting my life back, motherfucker. She goes, Which means Im taking over your life. What are you… Shes like, Youre always fucking going somewhere. Im going with you wherever youre fucking going next. Man, youre always going to some fucking rocking place. What rocking city are you traveling to next? And I was like, Spokane, Washington. And she was just like, You know what, man? I heard about that shit on Frasier. Im fucking going with you. So she came with me to Spokane, Washington. I had two gigs. I was doing a gig at 7:30 and then another gig at like 9:30 or something like that. So we got to the hotel, and Im not a, like, hotel snob at all. All I care about when it comes to a hotel room, cause I see a lot of fucking hotel rooms now, is the balcony. ‘Cause thats– As a stoner, thats where I live is on the balcony. So the room could be like a fucking crack den with roaches everywhere and shit. I will tiptoe over human piles of shit, as long as the balcony is wide enough and secluded enough, Im like, I dont give a shit. Ill sleep on the fucking balcony. So… We checked in the hotel, great fucking balcony. Like it was looking over a stream and fucking foliage and shit. It was really pretty. You can see the mountains. So I was like, I love this fucking balcony. And shes like, When are you coming back? I got two shows, so Ill probably be back at like 11, 12. Shes like, I might be sleeping. I was like, Im so glad we traveled together. And so… and so I went off to do my show. I was so excited because I was like fucking weed legal Washington. Im gonna get to fucking do a show there. Theyre gonna let me fucking smoke weed onstage while I do my show. That is not the case at all, man. They got all sorts of fucking even more rigid laws and shit like that where you cant do that. So much so that I was at the place between gigs, I told the management, I was like, Hey, man. So I got like an hour to kill between gigs. Im gonna go in the green room and make it green. You know what Im saying? And hes like, No, youre not, you animal. You do that outside. I was like, Fucking liberal Washington. You know… So I went outside to smoke, but there were people lined up for the next show. I didnt wanna be like a Walmart greeter at my own show where, you know… Im like, Hi, how are you? Welcome. Yes, it is me. You know. So I was like fuck it, Ill go back to the hotel. Hotels close, it was like literally across the street and shit. So I was like Ill go back there. And I went back to the hotel room, cause I was like Ill smoke on the balcony. But when I walked in the room, like my wife had set up shop, like in a big, bad way. She had made the place her own. She had, uh, she was on the balcony, she had taken the mattress off the bed and moved it over a chair on the balcony to create this kind of chaise lounge affair. And she was laying on it like the Queen of Sheba, reading a thick-ass book. And she had this big-ass goblet of wine in her hand. And the bottle looked empty. I gauged her to be about four glasses into Spokane at this point. Because she was saying stupid shit like, I could live here. You know. Ive been with the woman 20 years, I know she couldnt fucking live there, man. So, you know, she said, What are you doing here? I was like, Im between gigs, man. They wouldnt let me smoke at the club, so I came here to smoke on the balcony, man, and see you. And she goes, Well, Jesus, Im reading my book, Kevin. I dont wanna get into a big conversation about your night. And I was like, I dont fucking need to talk to you. I was like, I was just with like 200 people who paid me money to hear me talk. So thats fucking cool. Like, you dont have… we dont have to get in a conversation. She goes, I know you. After a show, you get home and youre Mr. Storytime, and you gotta tell all your stories and shit. I was like, I have no fucking stories to tell, man. I was like, Tell you what, you sit there and fucking drink and read your book, and Ill stand over here and fucking smoke my weed and well be together alone. You know. ‘Cause thats what fucking marriage is. Go. You know. So I just sat there smoking, and she was reading her book. And the problem is when I smoke, thats when I get chatty. So… So I was standing there, I was like… I was like, Did I fucking tell you… what happened to me the last time I was on a balcony smoking weed? And she slams the book closed. She goes, I knew it, storytime! I was like, No, this aint– I mean, yes, its a story. But its not long. Its very short. So Im only reminded because Im sitting here smoking on the balcony, its nice with a view and shit. Were on the second floor. I said, But last weekend, I was in Arizona, I was in fucking Phoenix. And I was smoking on a balcony, but I was five floors up. And it was a city view, it wasnt as pretty as this and stuff. And, like, unlike today, I got this great Washington weed, I was in Arizona, I was at the mercy of fucking local weed and stuff. So I was smoking on my balcony, like, This is nothing. This shit aint gonna do anything. Being a real weed snob about it. And then about halfway through the joint, I was telling my wife, I was like, I started hearing voices, and I was like, Hey, this shits fucking good, man. Like… I got too judgy about Arizona. And then I looked over the balcony and I saw that five feet down, five floors down, rather, was people on the street talking. There was a gaggle of women, older ladies. And they were talking. And I could hear them. I couldnt hear what they were enunciating, but I could hear them talking from where I was. And I started getting fucking freaking paranoid. ‘Cause I was like, if I can hear them, can they smell me right now? Like… So Im looking over and I watch the ladies cross the street, there was a crosswalk, and theyre crossing the street. And at the other side of the crosswalk, theres a callbox. And at the callbox, a guy in blue. A fucking cop is standing right there. And so my wifes like, Get out of here. I was like, theres a fucking cop across the street. Im like, fuck the old ladies, I should be worried about the cop and shit. I said, but I still didnt put my joint out, man. Like I just sat there, I backed up a foot. And I was like, Im gonna keep my eye on this cop. So… so I said, so Im standing there, man, watching, and the ladies cross the street and get to the other side, and I told my wife, I promise you, this is what fucking happened. The cop was facing the other way, Im on the hotel balcony over across the street. The cops crossing, the ladies also, and he goes… And I was like theres no fucking way that this guy fucking smells me. I still dont put the joint out, though, man. Im watching him, and this is what he fucking does. He goes like this. And he locks on across the street, like where I am in the hotel, and all of a sudden he goes like this. And hes experienced, this cop, man. Hes like, Somebodys smoking on a balcony. And hes going balcony by balcony. And Im fucking frozen. I dont move. ‘Cause its like this reverse Space Invaders game, where hes getting fucking closer. And Im at the center of it and stuff. And hes on the fourth floor, where Im like, oh, fuck, Im next! So then he gets up to me and he locks onto me. He goes like this and shit, and he goes, That! And I said, my first fucking instinct wasnt to like drop the joint or fucking, like, run to the airport. I said, my first instinct was to go like this, I went… I said, so the fucking guy goes like this. And then he reaches back. And Im like, Im gonna get shot on this balcony. My fucking story ends with getting killed on a balcony in Arizona for smoking local low-grade weed, man. And… which did have a kick to it. So I was sitting there going, what the fucks gonna happen next? And he pulls out a phone. Then the dude kind of illuminated the whole fucking thing, all of a sudden he goes, Silent Bob! And I was like, Oh, fuck! Hes a fan, man! I was so fucking relieved. I was like, Hi! And he goes, pointing at his phone, he goes, I want to take a picture with you! I was like, Oh, okay! Im gonna come right down! Stay there, Ill take a picture! So I run inside, I change every fucking piece of clothing I have on. Everything. I take the hotel shampoo, I dab it on my ears and stuff. Just… Get the scent away. And I said, I told my wife, I went downstairs, I said, I met the dude. He was lovely. I said, it wasnt– It was very kosher, we took pictures together and shit. Chitchatted about the movies and whatnot. I said it was a wonderful experience. I said the PS to the story is he wasnt a cop. He just had a blue jacket on. And that was it. Now… My wife, God love her, man. Weve been together, last week, we met 20 years ago last week. Weve been in each others lives for 20 years. -Thank you. Um… Met… met 20 years ago last week. Next month, itll be 20 years since the first time we fucked. And thats the more important anniversary. But weve been together for like two decades, man. Thats, you know, its just to tell you that her reactions to my stories, its not like everybody here, where Im like, you know, tell that story and everyones like, Oh, very witty, wild. You know… Shes like, shes, you know, fucking seen it all, heard it all and shit like that. Like, my wife loves me, I know this. Dont get me fucking wrong. She would kill anybody that fucking threatened me and cut the jugular and shit. But she is not what I would call by any stretch of the imagination a Kevin Smith fan. Jay and Silent Bob, not her fucking thing or anything like that. Shes like, Im glad you do those movies, they let you run around and you get exercise. Like thats… Case in point, man, we got this TV show called Comic Book Men, its in its seventh season – at this point. Thank you. Thank you. Um, I dont tell you that to be like, Seven seasons, look at my big, fat TV dick! Like… Not at all. It has nothing to do with us. We follow one of the most watched programs on the planet, The Walking Dead. So if anything, its fucking Robert Kirkmans big TV dick, and we just surf on it till midnight. So I only tell you seven seasons cause to communicate theres like 80 some odd episodes of this show that you could watch. And Im on every one of them. My wife has seen two of the episodes. She saw the pilot episode, we shot it, put it together. I showed it to her. I was like, what do you think? And her review was, I cant believe you tricked somebody into paying you to be on TV and talk to your fucking friends. Which I felt was a very strong review. Um… Then, like, four seasons later, my daughter was on the show. Harley was on the show. So I told my wife, I was like, You gotta watch an episode now. Something came out of your bodys on the fucking show. So… So she watched the episode. I was like, Whatd you think? She goes, Harley was a vast improvement. You know. She keeps it very real. The show is on a night that we watch two other programs. Like, in our bedroom. We watch The Walking Dead and then we watch Talking Dead. And at the end of the Talking Dead, theres a fellow looks strangely like me who will pop up and be like, Hey! Stick around for more hijinks on Comic Book Men. And thats when my wife grabs the remote and goes, Were going to bed. And shuts that shit off. Now I gotta tell you, this is gonna be weird, but I gotta tell you this story to tell you the rest of the story, and at first youre gonna be all judgy and then Im gonna tell you something and then youll be like, Oh, that makes sense. Um, I have a 103-inch television in my bedroom. Uh, thats not the judgy part. Here it comes. It cost 60 thousand fucking bucks. Crazy, right? I didnt fucking buy it. I would never pay 60– Now, you cant be judgy. I would never… I didnt buy it. It was given to me, man. I would never pay $60,000 for a TV. I wouldnt pay $60,000 for anything, unless you could live in it, drive it, or it fucking blew you until the day you die. Like, thats… I got a line and shit like that. No, it was given to us at one point. I had done commercials years ago for Panasonic. And there was a guy named Ed Janda who was, like, the exec at Panasonic who was on set all the time. He loved movies. Sweet fucking dude, man. Ive known him for years and stuff. One day, he fucking called me. Been to my house many times. He called me out of the blue and he goes, Hey, man. Weve got this 103-inch fucking television that were gonna throw out, man. And I remember youve got big, wide walls and huge ceilings in your house. And I was like, What a weird fucking way to start a conversation. What do all these things have to do with each other, man? Is that all our friendship was to you? Square fucking footage? Like… And he goes, No, the reason I bring it together is this TV were gonna fucking throw out, its 103 inches, and, fuck, it wont fit in many places. But itll definitely fit in your house. So if you want it, were just gonna give it to you for free. Do you want it? I was like, Fuck yeah! Give me all your garbage! Yes! Fuck yes! I was like, Whats wrong with it, man? Was it assembled on an ancient Indian burial ground? Is it cursed? Like… And he goes, No, they used it for the Olympics. It was for coverage for the Olympics. So its not meant for home use. Its basically big graphics TV where they point to like, ‘This is what happened, and shit like that. Problem is it has no speakers. So youd have to buy speakers. I was like, Ill buy the fucking speakers, man! For a free 103 fuck the speakers. Ill stand next to it and translate for whoevers watching! Like… I was like, Fuck yes, man. So he goes, Okay, man. Make sure youre gonna be home tomorrow. We can have it delivered. Hes going, You gotta clear your street. And I said, Why? He goes, It comes on an 18-wheeler. I said, Really? And he goes, Yeah. It takes ten people to deliver it. And I said, Why? And he goes, The base alone weighs 2,000 pounds. Oh! -So I was like, I dont believe this. And they showed up the next day with a giant fucking truck, pulled this thing out the back, it looked like the monolith from 2001: A Space Odyssey. Ten fucking people carrying it, man. They were like, Where do you want it? I was like, Second floor, please. I felt bad, but I tipped insanely well. So… Brought em up to my bedroom. Theyre like, Wheres it go? I said, Put it right at the foot of our bed, please. And my wife is like, Are you fucking high? I was like, Yes, but that has nothing to do with this. This just makes sense. I was like, This is where the TV was, look at this big, wide wall. Well put the fucking TV right there. She goes, Kevin, theres no room between the bed and the television. I was like, Yes, there is. Look. Shes going, What the fuck? How are we gonna live like this? How are we gonna sleep? I was like, We fucking slept enough, man. I was like, Look at this thing. This is our god now. Like… So if youre in my bedroom and youre sitting on the edge of my bed and youre tying your shoes, you get up, you go, One, two… Youre on the fucking TV. So we have this massive TV in my bedroom, and Ive never seen Comic Book Men on it. So one night, I said that I wanted to watch it. Like, you know, tried to test the waters. And… and so I told my wife, I was like, Hey, man, um, I wanna watch Comic Book Men on the big TV tonight for the first time. Like, thats cool, right? And she goes, Oh, we dont watch that show in here. And I was like, I know. I know. You know, which is weird cause it pays for everything. But whatever. Like… But tonights special. Its the end of the fourth season. We just found out were getting picked up for a fifth season. So I wanna like live tweet the show from in here. Normally, I do it in my office. I watch it on a laptop. I was like, Id love to watch it on the big TV. I wanna live tweet, send pictures. And my wifes like, Why do you need pictures? And I was like, I dont wanna tell you cause youre gonna fucking make fun of me and shit. And she was like, You have to tell me cause I control the television. So I said, Okay. I said, Ive never seen my show on the TV, but the TVs fucking big. Its taller than me when I stand next to it. Its 103 inches wide. But its fucking about six… six-three tall from the ground with the base. I was like, So when you see people on it, they look life-sized. And Ive always wanted to like watch Comic Book Men, and when I came on the screen, pause it… and then go stand next to myself. She goes, Why? Im like, To take a selfie. You know. And she looked at me with that fucking look of disdain like, I cant believe I let you stick your fucking dick in me. She goes, No, you watch that in the office. I was like, Come on, man. This is fucked up. Dont you think its fucking crazy that were fucking this deep into a show that Im on every episode of and you dont watch it? And she goes, Why would I watch it? And I was like, I dont know, man. Like, cause Im on the show. And she goes, Well, its not like Im in the Kevin Smith demographic, now am I? And I said, You fuck Kevin Smith! If youre not in the demographic, its in you from time to time! And she was like, I could see this really fucking upsets you. I was like, I think its fucking weird, man. If you were on a TV show, I would have watched every fucking episode and shit. But you dont watch the show that Im on. And she goes, Jesus, Kevin, if I really wanna see you fucking cry about Batman and wear that jersey, Ill look to my left. So thats a long way of fucking saying that like shes over my bullshit. Like, you know. This is her idea of hell. Like being forced to sit there and listen to Kevin Smith. Like, she doesnt understand you people. So, uh… So, you know, when I was on the balcony in Spokane, telling her the story about the balcony in Phoenix, I didnt expect her to have the reaction you guys had. But she fucking surprised me. As previously mentioned, she was about four glasses into Spokane. So she looks at me with bedroom eyes, and she goes, Youre cute. And this never fucking happens. And– but I knew what it was about. And I was like, Really? She goes, Yeah. Whenever you tell a story, you wave your hands all around. Shes like, Its cute. So I fucking look at my time and shit, and Ive got ten minutes until the next show. And then I look from the balcony to across the street, see what kind of geography I gotta face to get there, and then I start doing the sexual math in my head. And so I was like, How cute? And she goes, Real cute. What do you want? And I was like, I dont know, cute enough to get blown before the next show? And she goes, Oh, my God, Kevin, you could never cum that fast. Which sounds like another fucking criticism, but its based on empirical wisdom. This is weird, I gotta tell you. This story– Tell you the rest of this story. And all the other stories are mine, but this is my wifes story and its personal. But like nothing will make sense unless I tell you this. Um, my wife is… I dont know how else to describe it. Shes the most easily orgasmic human being Ive ever met in my entire life. Uh, it does not take much. Some people are a lot of work, my wife is not a lot of work. I could be standing across the room, leaning on a wall, and she could be on the other side of the room, on the bed, laying down, wearing, you know, a pair of sweatpants. And all I have to do is go… And by the time the fucking butterfly effect hits her crotch shes like, Oh! Its crazy. Its wonderful, man. Its fantastic. Like, when we first met, that was one of the first things I learned about her and shit. I was like, Oh, my God! She can cum so fucking easily! Ill never work again! Like, this… this is nuts. First time we were ever together, man, like she rolled me on my back at one point, like I was trying to make the moves and shit. And she threw me on my back and got on top. Shes like, I like it being on top! I was like, Thats where youll stay for the rest of our lives. Thats still how we fuck to this day and shit. And unlike anyone else Ive ever had sex with, she was going buckwild and shit like that. I was like fucking impressed with myself. I was like, Is this shit me? Shes like, Fuck no! You know. It has nothing to do with me. Its not like Im walking around going, I sling a magic dick. Not at all. Shes just like– Im like basically a scratching post and shes a cat, and she just does shit. You know? And then fucks off and stuff like that. So because I learned early on in the relationship she could crank out a few, multiple orgasms, it had nothing to do with me, again. She just needs a warm body and friction, shit like that. So since she could crank out a few, I was like, Oh, fuck. Ill try to hold out for as long as I can. ‘Cause I get one shot. I dont get like fucking five nuts to bust and shit. I get one, Im 47, like one a week. So, like, at the end of the day, man, I try to hold onto it because once its over, its over. Im like Luke Skywalker bombing the Death Star. Like… You know. Shit blows up and I take the fuck off. You know? Every once in a while, shes like, You wanna fuck again? Like, five minutes later. Im like, Yeah, man. Wednesday, lets do it. Ill have built it up again and stuff. So I try to hold out for as long as I can because she seems to be enjoying herself. ‘Cause she can get a few fucking orgasms done. And when I say hold out as long as I can, mind you, this is literally about four to six minutes. She gets a lot done in that fucking time and whatnot. So, you know, I just hold out until shes like, Will you fucking cum already? You know. And then Im like, Its my special time. So… So her experience is based on that. I never fucking told her that I could cum real fast. When Im by myself, I cum like a fucking pro, man. Like, real fucking fast and shit. Im real good at it. Had years of practice and whatnot. So… so she– when she said, You could never cum that fast, this is based on empirical knowledge. But I was like, Oh, no. I said, I know what youre thinking. I said, But I can cum very fast. When Im by myself, I cum very fucking fast. Like, I swear, if you wanna give it a shot, I could totally pull this off in under five minutes. And so she fucking takes her glass of wine and she fucking throws it back, she puts the glass down, and she stands and she looks at me and she goes, Lay down on that bed and pull down your jorts. Which really should have fucking turned me off, man. Like… but I was like, Fuck it. I ran over to the bed and fucking yanked my jorts down and just presented and shit. And there was nothing romantic about it or sexy. She didnt put on any music or any shit like that. She just got to the fucking bed and like fucking got down and was just like… ‘Cause shes been through it before. Weve known each other 20 years weve been doing shit to each other and stuff. So shes like, I know what this is gonna be. Fucking its gonna take him forever. But she hadnt met her real husband. You know? And she was about to and shit like that. It was very– it was rote. It wasnt romantic. It was clinical. It was perfunctory. It was almost like… like the owl in the Tootsie Roll Pop commercial. Like, How many fucking licks is this gonna take, man? I was like, Fucking three, I assure you. So she went for it, and fucking it was not what she was expecting. And this is the sound that my good lady wife of 19 years, the person Ive been intimate with for 20 years made when she found out who I really was hitting the back of her throat at 95 miles per hour. This was the sound. It was like Id fucked Scooby Doo in the mouth or something like that. So she fucking gets up, she runs into the bathroom and I hear her go like… Because she loves me, but not that fucking much. You know… Then she runs back in, she goes, What the fuck was that? I was like, I told you, man. I can cum real fast when Im by myself, when Im really putting my mind to it and stuff like that. She goes, Jesus Christ, Kevin. Shes all sad, she goes, Jesus Christ, Kevin. If Id have known that you could have cum that fast our entire fucking lives together, I would have blown you every day. And I was like, Its never too late. So… So weve been together like I said fucking 20 years, weve been married 19 years, we have a marital contract, of course, but at the end of the day, we just added to it fairly recently. Little paragraph, a subsection that says, um, if I can promise to cum in under five minutes, shes morally obligated to try to blow me. And we call it the Spokane Amendment. I dont wanna paint a picture of her as like intolerant. Shes generally a patient woman. Just not with me. But she stood by me. My grandmother always used to say like when I had girlfriends in high school, she was like, They stood by you when you were fat. And my wife has stood by me when Ive been fat. And then a few years ago, I dropped a bunch of weight, man. I saw a documentary called Fed Up. And it was about sugar. And for the first time, like, I guess because they used cartoons, I understood sugars eff– Sugars effect on the body. And I was like, Oh, shit. So I should stop eating fucking sugar. And I did, and I lost like 80 pounds and shit. — So it was a— Thank you. Um… It was— if you could get past the fucking desire for sugar, cause its very much like a drug, and when you quit it theres fucking withdrawal period and shit, where I was insanely depressed. For the first time in my life, I was like I couldnt manufacture a fucking positive thought and shit like that. My wife was like, Thats because you got rid of your best friend, sugar. I was like, What do you mean? She was like, Kevin, you used to wake up and do like two fucking fistfuls of popcorn-flavored jelly beans. And then youd be like, ‘Wheres breakfast? You know, so shes going, Sugar leaving your food pyramid is really affecting your body. Youre gonna have an adjustment. Like when Jason got off heroin or something like that. And so shes right, man. It was fucking hard for two weeks. Like, it was easy once you got past the two weeks and we didnt think about it anymore. But in those first two weeks, I would have sucked dick for Lucky Charms, man. I missed my good friend, sugar. So as sugar went away, the weight just kind of like fell off and stuff. I didnt have to do anything. I walked dogs. I walked my dog up the hill. Its not very far. Its like a mile and a half up and down and shit. Thats the only exercise I get. I do it in the neighborhood adjacent. Mewes lives down the street from me. We didnt buy houses near each other. But he bought his house in my fucking neighborhood and shit. Every time we drive past my kids, its like, Aw, its so cute that you live near your best friend. I was like, He lives near me. Anyway, Jason comes over sometimes. We walk the dogs together up the hill and stuff like that. And periodically, people drive through the hills, theyre like, Jay and Silent Bob walk dogs. So just dropping sugar and fucking walking the dogs like really made the difference and the weight kind of fell off. And at one point, like my underwear started sagging, because I used to wear very big underwear. Like fucking 5XL underwear or something like that. So that shit started sagging because the weight kind of went away. And I— my wife finally took notice of it and was like, This is fucking shameful. Shes like, They just keep falling off your body. And what were seeing isnt any better. You know, so… shes like, You gotta go fucking get some new underwear and stuff. And if youre gonna do it, dont buy fucking maroon underwear. Thats what I would wear all the time. I had this maroon underwear, cause, you know, I usually just get my shit at fat guy store. And they dont give you a lot of fucking choices. Now, they do. Now, they put on like, Hey, theres a Batman shirt for you, fat guy. But generally speaking, back in the day, it was like big dog and shit like that. Very generic but very I am overweight. So I would get my underwear at the fat guy store and shit and they didnt have much of a selection. It was always like tighty-whiteys, thats what I wear and stuff. I dont wear— the crimefighters, Jason calls them. Um, I dont— I dont wear boxers, just tighty-whiteys. And so one time I went in to the fucking fat guy store and they had, next to the tighty-whiteys, the mot beautiful thing Id ever seen: underwear that was colored and it was maroon. And I was like, Oh, my God! Im gonna look like Superman wearing this shit. You know? So I took it home and it was a three-pack and shit. And I showed my wife. I was like, Look, man. I was like, You say I never change anything and shit. But I went and bought new underwear. And she goes, Maroon? And I was like, Yeah. She goes, Why? And I was like, Im expressing my individuality. You know? And she goes, Oh, my God. Take these back. And I was like, Fucking why? She was like, Maroon underwear, Kevin? I get a vote in this. Im the only one that sees your fucking underwear. You know. I was like, All right. So I went back to the fat guy store. I bought 12 more pair. Fuck her. So… And every time we would get intimate and shit, shes like open up my drawer and be like, Ugh! Maroon! You know? It was a hurdle to get through and shit. So she was saying, If youre gonna get new underwear, dont fucking get maroon. I was like, Maroon forever, and shit. So I was out on the road. Where was I? I was in Kansas City. And so I had a little time down between gigs and whatnot. So I was like, Im gonna go out shopping. And I asked them at the front desk, I was like, Hey, man, where do you got– where do you got like the fat guy store? Theyre like, Oh, you want to go to the low-end strip mall. I was like, Brother, I live at the low-end strip mall, man. And I took a car there. I walked in and I was looking for my maroons. And I found them. And then I saw the most beautiful thing Id ever seen in a fat guy store: a pair of black underwear. And I was like, Oh! Im gonna look like Batman! You know, and I fucking… So I bought it and I took it back to the hotel room and stuff like that. I was happy with my fucking purchase. And so, you know, I thought of my wife and I was just like, Oh, fuck. Im gonna tell her. And I said, Hey, man. Guess what I did today? You know, I was texting her. Shes like, What? I was like, I went underwear shopping. And she goes, Oh, great. More maroon. And I said, No, not maroon. And she goes, What color? And I wrote, Black! A lot of exclamation points and stuff. And she sent emojis of surprise and… And she goes, Send me a picture. And so I saw my opening. So I was like, You send me a picture, man. And she was like, What of? And I was like, You know. And she was like, You fucking pig. But weve been married for a while, so fucking three minutes later a picture came through and shit like that. And so it was a angle of my wifes vagina, and this is weird to say because, again, weve been together 20 years and weve had fucking sex any way you can have sex. But it was an angle of her vagina that Id never seen before. And I was like, Oh, my God! Its like a strangers pussy. You know? And fucking… So instantly I forgot the conversation, took it right to the sink and started tugging one out, looking right at it and shit. So I got finished and then I wanted to get in the shower cause I was sticky. And so… Took my black underwear out of the pack. I laid them out on the fucking blanket, theres like a white blanket on the bed. So it really popped hard and shit. And so I took a picture and I wrote back, Yes, bitch. I said, Doesnt this make you wet, motherfucker? And I fucking hit send and shit like that, man. And I hadnt fucking realized that my wife was not the last person that had sent me a text. While I was in the shower, somebody else had texted me and broken the conversation with me and my wife and fucking the very shocked recipient of my underwear text sent back a one-word response: Dad? So some shit goes well beyond a response text, you know. I immediately fucking called her up and I was like, Oh, my God, kiddo. You know that fucking text was not meant for you. It was meant for your mother. And by the way, no man should ever talk to a lady like that. I was fucking mortified, man. I was like, Oh, my God. Are you okay? And she goes, You know Im gonna need a lot of therapy, right? I was like, Yeah, but fucking go ahead, we got the money. Go ahead. I said, But you gotta admit, man, like, you know, its not the way you wanna find out, but isnt it kinda nice to know that your parents, after all that time, are like into one another, to send each other texts like that? I was looking for any silver lining and shit in the conversation. And she goes, I was just happy to see youve moved away from maroon, Dad. Uh, I just back from Vancouver. I was up in Vancouver. I directed my third episode of The Flash. It was fun. It was awesome, man. I go up there, like, you know, in TV they dont really need a director in episodic TV. Cast and crew make that show every week. If you ever look at the credits of your favorite shows, the directors the only name that really changes and stuff. Thats how fucking replaceable the director really is. So the cast and crew makes your favorite show every week. The director shows up and is nominally in charge. But you cant really change shit about it, man. Like you cant really walk in, I couldnt walk into Flash and be like, Were changing the look of Flash this week. Its all one shot, back and white. Clerks. Like thats… So its weird, when I show up I find myself at a loss. Its not like when I direct a movie, Im involved in every aspect. But on TV, Im not really. Im kind of a bystander who gets to say action and cut. But as a fan of the show, its fun cause you get to watch that shit get made. And I sit in on all the big meetings and stuff like that. And I watch very talented people who do this every fucking week sit around, talk to each other, how theyre gonna plan this shit. How are we gonna make her fly? How are we gonna do this shit and whatnot? And then periodically, they remember Im there and they look over at me and they go, What do you think, Kev? Im like, I think that sounds awesome! You know. And theyre like, Okay, big guy. You know. And they go back to making the fucking show and stuff like that. So its been nice, its been a nice thing to do, to go up there. As a fan of the show, I get to watch stuff get done. And so, it first started happening I think when I was doing Supergirl. Um, we were– we were doing some– setting up some fucking big sequence at this pool. Uh, the giant, like, a community pool. And it was a big wide shot and whatnot. Were doing it like when the pool is closed so its like two in the morning. Its real late. So, you know, people are run down, weve had our lunch. Which was at midnight or whatever. But people are getting tired because its late and its cold. So, you know, I was like, Fuck man. Im gonna get– Im gonna go get some burgers for my crew. For the people on camera and stuff like that. ‘Cause theyre the ones that gotta be up and sharp. So I was talking to the first AD, he was like new on the show, first time Id ever met him and stuff. And I was like, Hey, man. I was thinking about– how long do you think this is gonna take? Hes like, I think were gonna be ready to go in five minutes. Hey, Im gonna go grab some fucking burgers, man. Can you watch this? And he goes, What do you mean, watch this? I was like, Well, if you guys are ready, just start shooting without me. He goes, What an interesting way to direct a show by not being there at all. I was like, I know, but you guys do this shit every week without me. Lets be real. And its a big wide shot, performance– were just doing it for the wide. Its the performance– Ill be back for that and shit. You got this, right? Hes like, Sure, man. Go ahead. And so I fucking got in the car and I left set and I drove down the road to– In Canada, they got an A&W place. They do A&W burgers and root beer and shit. And its– theyre amazing. Its my favorite burger on the fucking planet. So theyre open 24 hours. And theyre like literally across the street from where we were shooting. So I rolled up on A&W at two in the morning. And I pull up to the box and shit. And theyre like, A&W, can I help you? Its one guy. And I said, Uh, hi. Let me get 20 Buddy Burgers, man. And the guy goes, Yeah, right. I was like, No, Im serious. 20 Buddy Burgers. And he goes, Pull up to the window so I can confirm your method of payment. I said, Okay, fair enough. And I went up to fucking next window and shit like that. And he opened his window, I rolled mine down, and he goes, Oh, its you. Well, that makes sense. I was like, What the fucks that mean, man? Hes like, Thats a lot of burgers. And I heard you were in town. I was like, I– theyre not for me. He was like, I dont need to ask any questions. I was like, Im getting them for the people on Supergirl. Hes like, Im sure you are. I go, 20 burgers, man. How long is that supposed to take? ‘Cause Im supposed to be back in five minutes. He goes, 20 burgers usually take about 20 minutes. But like if you will take a selfie with me, Ill do it in ten. I was like, If youll do it in ten, Ill fucking blow you, man. And he goes, The selfie will be fine, Mr. Smith. So I said, Fantastic. So I waited by the side, he cooked up fucking 20 burgers and shit. Came out with two big bags, gave them to me. Hes like, Thanks. We took a selfie and shit. Off I went, back to the place. I was like, Yay, burgers! And I started giving out burgers and shit. And soon the burgers were fucking gone. And I was like, Oh, fuck. I didnt get enough. I said, If I do this again, I gotta get more. Some crew members were like, Wheres the burgers? I was like, Oh, they ate them all. Theyre like, Fucking A. And walked away. So I was like, Fuck man. Let me see if I can fucking get some burgers going and shit like that tomorrow. So next day, we were shooting late again. Like it was one in the morning and stuff. And so, you know, I was bored again on set at a certain point, everybodys working. I dont really have anything to do. So I was like, maybe Ill go get em some fucking burgers, man. Ill roll up on the burger joint again. Its right across the street. So I pull up and I hear, uh, Welcome to A&W. Can I help you? I said, Hey. Let me get 40 Buddy Burgers. And the guy, its not the guy from the other night. He goes, What, are you high? No, no, no. I was like, I– no. I do want this. And he goes, Please drive up to the next window to confirm your method of payment. You know. So I drive up to the window, he opens his up and mine, he goes, Oh, I heard about you. I get it now. I said, What do you mean? Hes going, You were here last night. I said, Thats right. I ordered 20 burgers. Hes like, Yeah. The guy last night, hes a big fan and stuff. Hes been showing everybody the picture. I was like, Right on. I said, Well, Im back for more. He goes, What do you want? I said, Can I get 40 Buddy Burgers, man? He goes, Okay. Give me your credit card. I showed him. Hes like, All right. I said, How long is that gonna take? Hes like, 40 burgers, 40 minutes. I was like, Oh, well, the guy yesterday, man, he said 20 burgers takes 20 minutes. But he did it in ten and shit. And he goes, Thats cause the other guys a big fan. Understood, captain. You know… So I went and waited. 40 minutes later, man, they brought out my fucking Buddy Burgers. Big bags and shit like that. I said thank you. I went back to work and shit. I was like, Hey! Fucking burgers for everybody! Everyones like happy to get them. Its crazy, man. Its really sweet. Like, its… I dont know why, theyre like, Oh, my God. This is nice. And Im like, Its $1.99 burger. I tell them all. Im like, look, man, Im gonna go home and theyre gonna give me so much fucking credit for directing this episode. We all know I didnt do shit. The least thing I could do is buy you a fucking burger. And McCloud, the AD, is like, Fucking A. You know. So it was great. Like people, it really cheers people up and shit like that. Its perfect walking around food. When youre done, you just throw the paper out and shit like that. But I ran out of burgers, 40 wasnt enough. There was still some people that didnt get any. I was like, Fuck! Next time I gotta go fucking higher and shit. So we had one more night of night shoots and shit. So its about two in the morning and at one point, I rolled up to McCloud, the AD, and I was like, Hey, McCloud. He goes, Go ahead. Just get me three burgers. You know. I was like, Will do, man. So I got in the car, and I went back to fucking A&W and shit. And I pull up to the box and I was like, Hi, man. Im– let me get 70 Mama Burgers, please. And the guy goes, Right away, Mr. Smith. Id built something of a reputation of sorts and stuff. So, you know, I was like, Oh, fuck. This is great. I said, You know what? Im gonna go deeper tonight. I said, 70 Mama Burgers. Let me get like 40 French fries as well. And he goes, Okay. I said, 20 onion rings. He goes, Right on. And Im looking at the menu board, like Ive been going to A&W three nights in a row. And since I stay away from sugar, Ive been trying not to succumb to the temptation because like I love root beer. Its one of my favorite things in the world. I love sugar. I love sugar on anything. You put it on dog shit, Im like this is the best. But root beer is one of my favorites. And they market it so well. Like the orange and brown just like makes you salivate and shit, like a Pavlovian response. And all these days and nights Ive been able to not fucking get a root beer. But Im like, its fucking two in the morning, man. And like youre buying everyone these burgers. And like its like your mom said: youre a good boy. You know? Like… You fucking– you deserve a treat, man. Why dont you get yourself a fucking root beer, champ. You know. And I was like, Let me add to that, man. I wanna add one small diet root beer. And he starts laughing, the guy in the ordering box. I said, Whats the matter? He goes, Look at the screen. And I looked at the screen, it said 70 Mama Burgers, 40 French fries, 20 onion rings, one small diet root beer. He goes, That looks like the worst diet ever attempted. He goes, Im totally Instagramming that. So I pull up to the fucking window and shit, give him my credit card, its my friend from the first night and shit, the guy I took pictures with. I was like, Hey, man. Its you. Hes like, Mr. Smith, I gotta tell you. I said, Look, first off, Mr. Smith is my father. Just call me Kevin. He goes, Kevin, I gotta tell you, Ive been telling my manager that youve been coming every night and that youve been buying these burgers. And my manager asked me to ask you if you wanna give us one of your jerseys, well hang it up here in the A&W. And I was like, Are you telling me you wanna raise my fucking jersey to the rafters of an A&W Root Beer? I was like, Thats the highest honor a non-Canadian can receive. So, um, so I found my place, like thats what I do. I bring shit. I bring food for people, I bring toys for the actors. Thats how I do the actors and shit like that. I learned that when I was on Supergirl at one point. I had like a break, lunch break, and rather than sit around and eat lunch, like I smoked lunch. And then we were near a Toys ‘R Us, so I went stoner shopping and stuff like that. And, you know, I had a basket so I kept throwing in shit. Everything under five bucks, little trinkets and shit like that. And so I bought like a book of stickers, puffy animal stickers. We went back to shoot a scene with Chyler, who plays Supergirls sister, Alex, and with Melissa, who plays Supergirl. And so we were about to rehearse, do a blocking rehearsal, and I had one of the puffy stickers, I had it on my finger and I walked up to the two ladies and I was like, Ladies, you see this puffy dog sticker? Whoever wins this scene wins the sticker. It was adorable. Chyler goes, Youre going down, bitch. You know, fucking… And they did, they fucking out-acted each other, like wizards fighting and shit like that. All for the puffy sticker. And at the end, I was like you both get a puffy sticker. And Chyler was like, That wasnt the rule. You know. But how I direct is I bring food for everybody and give them toys and shit. Im more of like a craft service person, you know. Or a candy man than anything else. Um, I love doing this sort of thing. And theres always people that will come up to me after the show, say very nice things. Uh, very cool things about like, Oh, my God. Its so… youre so talented. Thats the one that really fucking bugs me and shit like that. Me– and not because Im irritated by it. But when you say shit like talent, it makes people go like, Oh, youre special and this persons not. I dont agree with that. I dont really do anything that requires talent. I just kind of chase my dreams. Anything I wanna try, I give a shot to and stuff. Before I get out of the show, I always like to remind people, like, you can do that too. Like, at the end of the day, this doesnt require fucking talent. Invariably, somebody will say to me, before the night is over, Oh, my God. Its so talented how you can stand up there and talk for so long. And Im like, That doesnt take talent to talk and tell stories about my life. That just takes a memory. Like thats… thats it. That doesnt require talent. My day job doesnt even take talent. You think it takes talent to stand on a movie set and wear a backwards baseball cap and a trench coat and say nothing? Thats the exact opposite of fucking talent, man. I said Ill take it one step further. It doesnt take talent at all to work in the movie business. You think it takes fucking talent to stand on a movie set and be like, Im Batman. Ben Affleck does it, so I know it dont take fucking talent. Dont let people use like a word like that to put shit between you and something you wanna try. This doesnt take talent. It doesnt take talent to talk about your fucking life. Over the course of your life, youve listened to people talk on the radio, or seen people talk on TV, and youve said to yourself or thought to yourself, Im smarter than these people. Im funnier than this person. Youre probably thinking that shit right now. And youre probably right, man, but nobodys gonna know unless you kinda go out there and express yourself in some way, shape or form. Share of yourself. Now, some people dont want to cause theyre afraid that it might not work and shit like that. Like, Oh, what if I fail? But there is no such thing as fucking failure. Failure is just success training. I know that sounds like a cat poster, but its fucking true. Like, nobody ever fucking gets something right on the first try and shit. Dont be afraid of failure. Dont let that keep you from trying something that you might wanna try and stuff like that. Rather fail spectacularly than live your life wondering, like, I wonder if that shit would have worked out. Thats how Ive just kind of conducted myself for the last like 20, 25 years. And its led on this weird fucking journey. So the cats who come out and support me and see the shows and stuff, I always wanna try to give something back at the end of the day. Like youve given me so much. Youve given me a way to not have to fucking work for a living. So like, you know, I always wanna try to give back. I could give the money back, but fuck that. So like… the least I could give back is I know there are people in the audience that are like, I kinda wanna do what you do. And you absolutely fucking can. Im gonna tell you something that maybe like you dont hear that much anymore, cause youre adults and shit, and its our job to say this to younger people and shit. But this is the truest sentiment a strangers gonna fucking tell you this week, so fucking get ready. You are smart and good. Youre all fucking talented. You all have something amazing to fucking say. -So… find a way… Find a way to fucking share that. I– Ive, like, Im 47 years old. And Im still trying to figure out who the fuck I am. So before you leave this world, figure out who you are at your core, man. I have, as I mentioned at the beginning of the show, a kid, like so I guess at my core, ultimately, Im a fucking dad. So I do dad-type things and I wanna share this fucking last thing with you. Uh, my kid and I text. This is a text exchange we had about her boyfriend, Cory. Shes got this boyfriend, Cory, man. Hes a great fucking kid. I know youre supposed to be like, Hey, man. Hes dating my daughter and that makes me mad. Not at all. Theyve been dating for five years, they met like freshman year, and when they were dating for four days, man, I watched and met the dude and shit, and I told my daughter, Marry this boy tomorrow. You know. And my wife is like, You fucking stoned? Theyre 14. I was like, It worked for Coalminers Daughter. Let them get married! So I him, Im a Cory booster, man. Im always like, Youll never find a guy like this. He literally gives a shit about everything you say. Hes always hanging on your every word. Hes like Lloyd Dobler in Say Anything and shit. Not every guy is like this. Most guys are like Uncle Jay. So like… I said stick with this fucking guy. So she did all through high school and stuff. And senior year, like I said, she just graduated, she got to go to two proms, her prom at her school and Cory went to a different school. So they went to her prom first, then they went to Corys prom. And I was out on the road doing a gig. And this is the fucking text I got from my kid on prom night. She goes, Dad! SOS. Im freaked out cause Im someplace else in the country. And Im like, Oh, my God! Are you okay? And she goes, No! Corys bowtie broke. Where do you keep your spare bowties? I said, Kiddo, I dont have a bowtie, let alone spares. And she wrote, she has the temerity to write, Seriously? And Im like, I wear the same fucking outfit every day. I said, You ever see me wear a bowtie with a hockey jersey? And she goes, What about when you got married? And I said, I was wearing a hoodie and a Jay and Silent Bob shirt. And she goes, Ew! Youre so fucking lucky Mom married you. And I said… I said, Why? Because I wasnt wearing a bowtie? And she goes, No, because you wore a Jay and Silent Bob shirt to your own wedding. And she wrote, Duh! Look at me! Im Silent Bob! Ladies and gentlemen, you have a good time this evening? I cannot thank you enough for coming out, man! Thanks for listening to me bullshit! Make sure you go out and bullshit before you leave this world! I love you all, good night! This is the room where I almost died. Look at this. Could you imagine if this was your death room? The last thing you saw was this? I could not get comfortable to save my life. Thats cause I was dying. Kids, when youre dying, very tough to get comfortable. Basically, three hours prior to this moment, Id smoked a joint, so I was calm. I never got scared and stuff. They told me later on, the doctor was like, You were so calm. And I said, I was blazed, man. I smoked. He goes, That saved your life. I said, Smoking weed saved my life? Can you– Im gonna put that on a fucking shirt and on a bumper sticker and stuff like that.

KEVIN JAMES@NEVER DONT GIVE UP@2018@Recorded at New York Citys Beacon Theatre ? Yeah! ? ? Siege ? ? Yeah, yeah! ? ? And when you hear the sound Of the drum ? ? Well be saying, Here we come! ? ? Yeah, here we come Hey, here we come ? ? Huh! Here we come ? ? Here we come ? ? Yeah, here we come Hey, here we come ? ? Hey, here we come ? ? Here we come ? Wow. New York! I gotta be honest, I was not expecting that. I was expecting a little more. I just felt… I felt like you had a little in the gas tank and kinda… Get that picture. Get it. I wasnt ready, hold on. Come on. Im always in bad pictures. I want to take a good one, like Im doing something. There you go. You got it? All right, good. I just took a picture with a group of ladies backstage. Very nice, older ladies, very sweet. I dont mind taking pictures. I just wish the person they elect to take the picture… had seen a cell phone camera once before. I get locked into say cheese position… She doesnt know what shes doing, does she? Shes just standing there. I… I dont… I dont know what Im doing. I dont… I see me. Im taking pictures of me. No… Now I got it. Sorry. Nope. Im in Google Maps, hold on a second. Youre just stuck there. Its fine. Its fine. Yeah, its fine. Its fine. Its all right. It happens all the time. Its all good. Yeah, your lower back is sweaty. Yeah. Yeah. Somebody had a Caesar salad earlier, huh? I was in Atlanta at the airport waiting for my bag, and this woman asked to take a picture, and I was like, Sure, no problem, and she takes out her iPhone, and she just holds it on me, and Im just standing there. She doesnt say anything. Im just standing there. Finally, I just started smiling on my own. Still nothing. Then I started turning into it to let her know I was ready, like… There you go. This is it. Snap it! Finally, I was like, Did you get it? She goes like this, she goes, Nope. Im getting it. Im getting it? Shes video recording me from a foot away. Like Im a panda at the zoo. And then she was like, Could you do something? Could I? Yeah, yeah. How about I sweep your legs out from under you, watch your hip bounce off the mosaic tile? How about that? Lets see if we can keep filming with a shattered hip. How does that feel? When do you watch that video? When are you ever gonna watch that video? When does it come up? When are you like, Honey, know what? Lets do it tonight. Yes, lets crack open a bottle of wine. Well invite the gang over and watch a random clip of someone who doesnt know theyre being filmed. Remember how much fun we had last week watching Coolio at the dry cleaners? Tonight we got Kevin James looking very confused at baggage claim. Check it out. Did you get it? Are you good? Did you get it? You good? Did you get it? God forbid somebody walks in late, I gotta rewind it, hold on a second. This one older guy wanted to take a picture. He had a walker. First off, is there going to come a time in my life where I see a walker without the tennis balls on the bottom? Honestly, all the technology we have nowadays. Could we please slow down production on the next iPhone… and just dedicate a couple guys from Apple… to work on the tennis ball on the walker problem we have running rampant in this country? Its gonna take em what, seven minutes? Theyll bang out a solution. This guy had an active walker, too. He had a handbrake on the walker. How fast are you walking? I thought walking was the problem. Thats why you got a walker. You got a walker. Now you have a handbrake on the walker in case things get out of control. ‘Cause you never know when youre walking along a highway, someone sneaks up behind you, bumps the horn, you get all crazy legs… and Riverdance off into the woods. You guys are fun. You guys are good. Thats why Im not doing an encore. Gonna give you the whole show up front. I dont like encores, theyre insincere. I dont like em. Theyre fake. You know? I went and saw Aerosmith in concert about three, four years ago. And they were great, by the way. They were fantastic, but they didnt play their best song. They didnt play Dream On. And then they walked off stage, and the whole audience had to stand on their feet clapping for 15 minutes before Aerosmith came back out and finished their job. You know youre gonna play Dream On. The whole arena knows youre playing Dream On. Lets cut the dance, Steven Tyler. I got a babysitter needs me home by 11. Can we… You owe me ‘Dream On. You owe it to me. Entertainments the only profession that does it. You dont see your accountant, like, Well, here are most of your taxes. Good night! You didnt finish! Lets see how loud you can get it out there, maybe Ill come back. Just not feeling it right now. I am not feeling it. They gotta stand out there with their cell phones, Come on, Irv, close with the refund! You forgot the refund, Irv! I had to get my eyesight checked, so I went to Pearle Vision Center, and as Im walking in the store, in the front window of the store, they have a massive poster of this little boy opening a birthday present and its a pair of eyeglasses. And he couldnt have been happier. He was… He had, like, a little tear cracking on the side, just rolling down his face. What kind of sick parent… gives their child eyeglasses as a gift? Well, you know, Leonard, you were very good this year. You pulled in an A-minus average. You were very good to your sister. You did everything your father and I asked of you, so… this year… were gonna give you the gift of sight! Enjoy vision, Leonard. Enjoy it! Not gonna lie, we were on the fence. Your father is still against it, but I was like, ‘Larry, he deserves it. So, happy birthday, welcome to vision. You get focus, Leonard. You get focus. Thank you, Mommy. No. No problem. Now you run and get your Christmas crutches and hurry back. Well talk about that dentist trip thats always been on your wish list. By the way, quick announcement to the lactose intolerant community. If I offer you ice cream, and you cant have any, just say, No, thank you. Thats it. There is no joke. Thats just the message I want to get out there. I want to silence the lactose intolerant. I dont need to know the havoc dairy products are gonna wreak on your bowels… right before Im about to dig into my rocky road. Are we clear? Are we good? You didnt win an award. Gotta work it into every conversation? Why would you ever bring it up? You can feel them wanting to bring it up. Theyre, like, trying to work it in. Its like double dutch for them. Theyre like… You could be at a buffet table. You just feel it. That looks yummy, but I probably cant have it. Wanna know why? No. I dont care why. I have no interest. Just the fact that I can enjoy it without any problems is enough for me. You know what it is? I dont want to bother you. Im just gonna let you know, Im lactose intolerant! Totally intolerant to lactose. Sorry, its just better for both of us, just so you know. Its out there. Im lactose intolerant. And I do CrossFit. Thats it. Thats all I wanted to say. You know, when I was first diagnosed LI, I… I decided that very moment I was gonna live every day to the fullest and just not let the little things bother me anymore, unless, of course, they contain dairy. Then theyre gonna bother me quite a bit then, but thats me. That is my cross to bear and anyone who can hear the sound of my voice. Thats it. Lactose intolerant. It didnt exist 30 years ago. You cant name one person who was lactose intolerant 30 years ago, cause it did not exist. Actually it did. Its called a tummy ache. Toughen up, America. Toughen up! If youre a man and youre lactose intolerant, why would you ever bring that up to another man? Can you imagine Spartacus? Like… In the arena after, like, twisting a tigers neck, and hes like, Whats that? Coffee with half-and-half? I cant have that. I get booboo belly. I cant do it. Im lactose intolerant. Im lactose intolerant. Do you have a non-dairy creamer? Can you get a non-dairy creamer? Where are the men? Where have they gone? Know what I think of men? I think of that picture in the 1930s of those construction workers sitting high above New York City, right, sitting on that steel beam. Right. Just eating their lunch. Theyre eating their lunch. Can you imagine if the fifth guy in was like, Hey… Is this cheddar cheese on my sandwich? I cant have this. Im lactose intolerant. Is that like polio? No! I get yucky tummy. You guys got to scootch over! Move your knees, I gotta get by. I gotta get by, guys! Let me by. Can you guys let me by? We gotta lower the beam! They would throw him off the back of that beam! Lactose int… there is not a more annoying group on the planet. Check that, a gluten douche. My apologies, the gluten douche trumps the lactose intolerant. Because the lactose intolerant is just annoying, but a gluten douche is a night-wrecker. Right? ‘Cause theyll make you switch restaurants. Theyll be… I dont like this. Can we go where they have some gluten-free options? Do you mind if we switch restaurants? No! Order what you want, Ill eat the gluten out of it. Ill regurgitate it and feed you like a baby owl. I made the mistake of picking a restaurant. You cant do that. I went with two guys. I didnt even know them. One was a gluten douche, the other was lactose intolerant. I chose a pizza restaurant! Theyre… Theyre each tying to outdo each other. I cant have bread. My stomach will bloat. The other guys like, Cant have cheese. Ill have to change my pants! One and up. Out of the shadows like a ghost, a guy with a nut allergy came over. Yo, the nut allergy is the King Kong of food allergies! He was like, Im sorry, you got some food problems? Can I explain something to you? Let me break it down for you, okay? If I eat a nut… I die. I die! If a fork touches a nut in this restaurant, and I use that fork you gotta jab an EpiPen into my chest cause I am on my way to the afterlife. If the soil where this building was built upon ever harvested a nut or a seed of some sort, and I come in contact with it, Ill melt into a pile of flesh. If college kids are driving by on the local highway, and one tosses out a peanut shell and the dust from that shell… works its way through the air and latches onto a nasal hair and shimmies its way up, I will explode! And youll be talking to a shadow of where I used to be. Okay, nut allergy guy, you win. You win the food allergy competition. Yeah. Know who I feel sorry for? Shellfish allergy guy. You remember him? Remember him from the late 70s? He was the only game in town. There were no food allergies then. He was just rare. He was just sitting out there. He was running the game. Imagine him today, trying to bring up his scratchy throat and puffy ankles? Nut allergy guy would grab him by the shoulders and knee him in the face! Im very, very blessed, because I dont have food allergies. I know some are tough. I can go to any restaurant I want, which is great. Im very fortunate. I dont like going to restaurants where the waiters are too excited to be there. You ever get them? Hey, hows everybody feeling tonight? Slow it down, man. Lets take it down. You know, hes very excited? Hows everything going? Hows everything taste so far? Can I get you anything else? No? Is everything good now? Could you let the food hit the back of my throat? Ever have the waiter that feels comfortable enough to sit down at your table with you to take your order? Hows everybody doing? My names Cooper. What can I start you off with? Well, Cooper, I think well all start off with a nice big bucket of get your ass out of my booth. Everybody, were good with that? Then maybe some jalapeño poppers? Yeah, just your ass out of the booth and jalapeño poppers. Thats why I go to restaurants like Benihana. I like Benihana cause it takes the waiter out of it really. Yeah. It does. Its awesome, where they cook right in front of you. Its good, and they give you a little show, which they need to update the show. I will be honest. I dont need to see another smoking onion ring volcano. Or shrimp in the hat? Hey, shrimp in the hat. What, am I a five-year-old at magic camp? How about more shrimp on my plate? Why not work on that at the Hana? Yes, Im disappointed in the Hana with the amount of shrimp they give you. Its all about seat placement. You got to find the right place to sit. And I chose the wrong one… Third base. And unless you get, like, a southpaw chef which is very rare, youre gonna get boned on the shrimp cause they start off very excited. Theyre full of adrenaline. Their math skills arent the greatest. Theyre just kinda… turn into Pete Townshend in the beginning dishing out the shrimp and you just see the pile dwindling. You see it just going down. Im like, Hes not even gonna make the turn. This is not gonna work out for me. And hes not even being selective in who he gives it to. Hes giving the same amount to a six-foot-four man as a baby in a highchair getting the same amount of shrimp. I know Im gonna be stuck with two empty tails and an antenna. I also didnt know at Benihana youre supposed to wait until all the food is served before you start eating. Im literally eating it off the spatula like a German Shepherd. Its good. You guys are gonna definitely like the rice! I went and got ice cream. Thats one of the foods I dont mind waiting for. Its so good. It was a long line, great little place we went to. As we got to the front, the lady in front of me had to try every sample. When did we introduce the pink spoons, the samples? Every one just come out. By the way, two is the limit, right? Or Ill give you three. If you cant figure what type of ice cream you want in three samples, you need to stand outside the ice cream shop and just narrow it down mentally, come up with a game plan, cause even if youre off a little bit, its ice cream. I get it if you want to try an exotic flavor like Chattanooga citrus crunch or something, but she was like, Can I try double chocolate? No! No. No! Just imagine regular chocolate in your head and then double it up. No. So great to be back in New York. Were shooting a show out… This is so great, thank you, guys. We were shooting a scene in one of the neighborhoods on Long Island, and it was great cause all the people came out and watched. It was really fun, cause we got a chance to talk to them in between shots. I was talking to this one off-duty cop, very nice guy, for ten minutes. He was wearing a raincoat. I dont know why. It wasnt raining. He was great. We had a nice little ten minute chat. Then they called me back to shoot the next scene. I said, All right, man, take it easy, buddy. He goes, Hey, before you go, I got a gift for you. I want to give you a cigar. I said, Thank you, that is just unnecessary and very sweet of you. He said, Just do me a favor. Just think of me when you smoke it. I said, What? Yeah, when you smoke it, do me a favor, just think of me. I got weirded out, and I didnt even know what to say. I was like, Yeah, cigar, I gotta… I just walked off. I thought, How odd is that? You dont give a gift to somebody and then give them instructions on how to enjoy it. What if I want to think about my kids or something else? It was just a weird exchange. I was freaked out. It was a good cigar. I went home and put it on my desk and I was like… It just made me feel weird. It was a nice gesture. Then it got weird. So I was like, Forget it, man. I dont need that cigar. I left it there, and then I went to work the next day. And I came home, and I saw it again. It brought up these emotions again. And I was like… Guy makes me think of this. This is crazy right now. Its a good cigar. I should smoke it, but I cant now because I dont wanna do what this guy tells me to do. I got so angry at it. I said, Just throw it out. That was it. I went to throw it out and I was like, No, dont throw it out. If you throw it out, then he wins. He wins. Then I thought to myself, No, smoke it, but dont think of him. And thats what I did, I smoked it. But I could not not think of the guy. I was literally like… Man… Cop in the raincoat. He got me! Cant get him out of my head. I could not get him out of my head the whole time. I only met him for ten minutes. I smoked a whole cigar thinking about him every second of that cigar. And not just that cigar, then it was every cigar I had! And not just cigars, breakfast. I couldnt get the guy out of my head! I was literally like, I wonder what hes doing today. Its pouring out. I betcha hes wearing his raincoat. Of course hes wearing his raincoat. If he wore it with a chance of rain, hes definitely wearing it today. I keep thinking hes going to his friends, telling them, I just gave Kevin James a cigar, and I told him to think of me. His friends were like, Youre out of your mind. Hes not gonna think of you. Hes like, Nah, trust me. Hes gonna think of me. Its gonna get in there and then its gonna spread. You watch this. And look at me, Im talking about him on my Netflix special right here. Well done, cop in the raincoat. Well played, my friend. Im so blessed with this job. I get to work with some of the greatest people. I got to work with Nick Nolte. Hes like… Ah, man, hes… Hes one of my heroes, you know? I was so nervous meeting him. They were bringing me over to meet him at this party. And I see him. He turns around, and he goes to shake my hand. As he goes to shake my hand, I see his hands in a fist, and I thought, How cool is that, that Nick Noltes gonna give me a fist bump? So I changed my hand to a fist, but then Nick opened his up at the last second, and I didnt have time to pull out, and Nick just latched onto my fist. And he just started shaking my fist like a Magic 8-Ball. He was just going up and down and in a weird octagon, and I was freaked out. He starts talking to me. I cant concentrate on a word hes saying, cause all Im thinking everybody at the partys just thinking that Nick Nolte just beat me at some weird rock paper scissor game. I always think Nick Noltes at a party telling other people that he met me. You ever shake hands with Kevin James? Hes got one normal hand and then hes got can of soup! He threw it at me. I didnt know what to do. I covered it, and hes trying to pull it away from me, but I held on. I held on for a long time, like an eagle with talons. They put me up at a great hotel here, which is really fun. Its really nice. I love being in the city. Im trying to go to my room. The room signs, can they make those any more difficult to read? Im in room 15,712. Okay, this is 6,415 through… 27,695. Let me see whats over here. Whats over here? No, this is 59,627. Im just gonna lay here. Thats all. Im just gonna lay here. I got in my room, and I was excited, cause I wanted to see the view I had. Thought itd be the park or something, but I had another hotel right there. I look out the window and right away in another hotel window, I see a guy standing there, completely naked standing in the window. I thought how weird is it that that guy got there. He was like, Hi, room 715. Thank you very much. He got in, got in his room, put his luggage down… Now we wait. We wait. He was standing there. He had his fists on his hips, just like a naked superhero waiting for someone to save. I thought, How weird is this that hes doing this? Then I thought, How weird that youre looking at him from another hotel locked on him like a puma, just… Turns out he wasnt just standing naked, he was ironing. He just started ironing. I didnt see the ironing board. He was waiting for his iron to heat up. Thats a confident naked man just standing in a window waiting for your iron to heat up. Nope, not… I gotta be honest, the list of things I do naked is not very long. But even if you were to add 800 things to that list, ironing still aint gonna be on there. Way at the bottom along with frying bacon. Its way at the bottom. Heres a list of the top five things youre never gonna see me do naked. Jump… climb a ladder… install insulation in my attic… sit on wicker furniture… and feed geese. Im never feeding geese naked. Thats it. I got embarrassed. I went back in. I had to go down to the lobby. I got in the elevator. There were other people in the elevator with me. I pressed the lobby. You always expect to go right to your floor, but you ever get out too quick and youre too embarrassed to go back, so youre like, Yeah, Im good. The people on the elevator know you screwed up. Theyre like, Sure you dont want to get back on? No, no, no, I need the basement. I gotta check the pipes. Im the pipe checker here at the hotel. Were good. You guys go. Ill see you in the lobby in a minute. And you walk over back there and you press the button again, but its too soon, so the same people are in the elevator when it opens up. I love any form of transit that moves you from one floor to another. Thats technology to me. I appreciate that. Like escalators. I love a good escalator, man. You appreciate an escalator when you come upon a broken one at the mall. Well head to Foot Locker, then get a slice of pizza… Lets just do it tomorrow. Im out of here. When you get on an escalator do me a favor, just grab the handrail and just stand there. Let life take over. Let it raise you from one floor to another. I cant stand the people who still feel the need to walk. Same idiots always. Its usually the guy with the NutriBullet full of greens. That guys, ‘Scuse me. On the left, ‘scuse me. ‘Scuse me. I dont let him by. I get all big. Im like, Not happening! No. No! ‘Scuse me! Nope, not happening! Big man Pilate time. I love those people movers at the airport, but theyre so random. You could be walking with your luggage for two miles… then out of nowhere, the airports like, You know what? Give him a little strip of, like, 18 feet right there. Just 18 feet? Yeah, just 18 feet is plenty. Just give them a false sense of hope before they walk the additional 42 miles into the parking garage. I use them, though. I could literally walk by a people mover and be like, They got a people mover. I didnt see that. Ever been on the people mover and you realize theres somebody walking outside the people mover at the exact same speed as you? You cant even make eye contact with him. You just… slowly turn yourself away from them. Its when I do a lot of my deep thinking. What kind of a fat lazy sea lion are you? You couldnt walk an additional 18 feet? Its 18 feet, man! You are a manatee, you know that? You sicken me. No more starting New Years. Youre starting now. Turn your life around! You feel so guilty. You turn around. You feel like you owe the guy an excuse. Id be walking with you, man, but I just helped a friend move this morning and… then I ran a 5K… 66K, a bunch of Ks. Im not sure how many. Hes carrying four bags of luggage. Im holding a Wendys bag, you know? Im not even holding it. Im resting it on the rails. I cant even lift my fat lunch for 18 feet. You ever been on the people mover and realize youre passing a Cinnabon? There should be a handbrake or an exit ramp. If they did their research correctly, they would realize the people on the people mover… That is your core Cinnabon audience! If they were really smart, theyd have every people mover go directly into a Cinnabon, right? Filtering in like a luggage carousel. Fatties just falling in like, What the heck was that? Oh, Cinnabon. Yeah, Ill take two. Extra icing on both, please. Yeah. I love Cinnabon. I should not have it. I gotta get in shape, I gotta… I love sports. That was my dream, to play professional sports. That was my… Yeah. Yeah. I dont think I have to tell you people how that turned out, but I still love it. I still love it. I love sports, sports clothing. I love Under Armour. I told my manager, I said, Hey, I wonder if we can get an endorsement deal. Could you call Under Armour and see? ‘Cause I noticed the Rock got one… I thought maybe we can get one. He was like, You want me to call them? Yeah, can you give em a call? Hes like, All right… He called me back five minutes later. I was like, That was fast. Hes like, Yeah, that was fast. I said, How did it go? He said, Not good. In fact, they asked if you wouldnt mind not wearing their clothes. Be careful with the clothes you buy when youre getting fat then lose weight. You gotta change your wardrobe accordingly. I threw on a mesh shirt from when I lost weight a long time ago, and I went to work out in it. Thank God I walked by a mirror. I was like, Oh, no, no, no, no. I looked like a bag of avocados. Took a little weight off, I gotta get more weight off. I was getting so big, I was taking longer in the shower. It was like washing a van, you know? It was like… I just started negotiating with myself. Im like, You know what? Im just gonna do the front today. I cant be washing all day. I got things to do, errands to run. Ill get everything else tomorrow. Im done. I get cold fat. Big people get cold fat. Cold fat is when your body temperature is 100% correct, but theres a section of your body thats just ice cold. My wife will find it all the time. Shell be like, Your left love handle is freezing right now. Shes not wrong. Its like the blood said, I cant do this. I cant get from there back to the heart. I dont know what you want from me. I just cant make this… You werent this big when we started together. I can keep your shoulder warm, but I say we let the love handle go. Eventually itll break off like an iceberg and just float away from us. Gotta get in shape, man. I had to get a pedicure. I didnt know what a pedicure was a month ago. A pedicure is where somebody else trims your toenails cause trimming the toenails with a cooker in front prevents you from getting… Its tough for big people. Its daunting when you cant see it. Its like diving for pearls. You gotta hold your breath, go down, try to get… Get as many as you can before you black out. Youre like, Whoa. Then you assess. Youre like, I only got three! I got seven left. This is gonna take some time. Youre coming in. You try to do different angles, trying to get your foot up on something. You come in at a weird angle, and you cant even see. Its like detonating a bomb. Youre like, Please dont take off the little toe! When your first move to trim your toenails is back and then forward cause you need momentum… drop the ego and make that appointment. I got my colonoscopy. Little scary going in. Everything is fine. I was nervous. The doctor called me three days before, and he said, Heres how its gonna go down, Kev. The day before the procedure, you dont eat at all. The morning of the procedure, Im gonna take a camera, and Im gonna snake it into your colon. Im just gonna keep feeding it up there. And dont worry. If I see any abnormalities, Im just gonna burn them off on the spot. I was like, Whoa… I cant eat anything the day before? Hes like, No. Im like, Why not? He said, When we get in there… I was like, We? Hes like, Yeah, the team. Im like, The team? I always thought a colonoscopy was an individual sport, like bowling or archery. Hes like, When we get in there, I want it to be like a clean highway. I want it to be pristine. I was like, First off, you gotta take the word ‘pristine off the table if were talking about my colon, okay? ‘Cause my colon is not gonna look like the poster in your office, I promise you. The supermodel colons you got in there all glistening and stuff. Mines gonna look like it went to war. If it had a voice, it would be like a Nick Nolte voice. How you doing? Im Kevin James colon! Im his colon! Crap, Reggie. Crap. I want to be around a long time. I got four kids now, by the way. Four little ones, yeah. Do we have parents of young ones? Yeah? Couple there. Yeah. Kids are great. Its the greatest gift on the planet. Children. Theres no better gift. When we had our first daughter, I freaked out. I told me wife, Theres nobody on this Earth I will ever love as much as this little girl ever, ever again. Im just gonna pour all my love into this child. My wife felt the same. Then she got pregnant again. We were worried. We were like, Wait, we just said we love this one so much, how do we split up our love? Honestly, we were nervous about it. Our friends were like, Relax. Everybody goes through it. Its unconditional love. You love your kids equally. And I gotta say, they were wrong. I dont care for the second one, I just dont… Shes just a little needy. Every day, its the same… Im hungry. Oh, really? Thats some news. Were all hungry, get in line. Shes my angel, that one. She stops in the middle of the day. She comes into my office middle of the afternoon. Daddy, can I talk to you? Im like, Yeah, whats up? I just want you to know, I love you. Yeah, and Im like, Are you kidding me? I love you. Shes like, No! I love you so much. Im like, I love you so much. And shes like, No! I love you more than brownies. I was like… Thank you. Thank you. I… I love you more than gluten-free brownies. What do you say? I didnt know what to say. The new one, our little new one, shes not a daddys girl right now. I wish she was. The other day, she was crying standing in the hallway, late at night. I told my wife, Let me go deal with her. Itll give me a chance to bond with her. I walk into the hallway and Im like, Whats the matter, sweetheart? She stops me. She goes, I want my mommy. I dont want you. Go downstairs. The first thing she said threw me the most. She said, I want my mommy. She didnt say, I want mommy, like we both know who mommy is. She said, I want my mommy, like I dont even know who the hell you are. Then in case Im confused, she makes it very clear… I dont want you! Not only that, I dont even want you on the same floor as me. You need to be a floor below me… Chubby. I think she said chubby, Im not sure. It was late at night. It was under her breath, but I think I heard, Out of my face, fatty or something. Kids are just so amazing. Kids have abilities adults dont have. ‘Cause they can go places mentally, they havent been scarred by life. They can just do it. I was at a doctors appointment. I had to get a checkup. Im in the waiting room with my daughter. Were the only people there. Were there for, like, 20 minutes. Im going out of my mind. I am so bored. I went through all the magazines, and I couldnt take it anymore, you know? She couldnt have been happier. She was just sitting there smiling. Finally, I was like, What are you doing? She said, The air around my hand tastes like Rice Krispies. First thing I thought was, Shes gotta get checked out. Then I thought, What a gift that is. The gift to be able to taste Rice… I gotta tell you honestly the air around my hand right now does not taste like Rice Krispies, but I want that gift. Imagine being stuck in traffic, This sucks, its gonna be two hours. Wait a second. I got chicken cutlet forearms. I totally forgot about my chicken cutlet forearms! An ability kids dont have is the ability to wake an adult up gently. They all do it the same way, they walk in very stealth like and stick their face so close to yours you can feel the tiny pulsations of air firing out of their baby nostrils. And they speak at a volume, as if theyve been in a heated argument with you for the last 25 minutes. Daddy! Sheas foot keeps touching my foot! Okay. After I peel myself off the ceiling, I gotta breathe into a brown paper bag for 20 minutes. Putting kids to sleep is an art form. Do you do it? Are you the one? Mothers are fantastic at it. I dont know what it is. Theyre motherly, thats what it is. My wifes so good at it because she wants to be there. Thats the thing. By the way, when she gets there, they feel comfortable. When they feel comfortable, they relax and go to sleep. Shes out of there eight minutes later. Glitter shoots out the door. Everybodys sleeping. Every once in a while, Ill get the call like a relief pitcher. Honey? Yeah? Can you do me a favor? Whats up? Just watching the game. Tied up. 11th. Could you put the girls to sleep tonight? Could you do me a favor? Yeah. You want me to do it? Yeah, yeah thatd be nice. Could you, please? Um… Yeah, I want to do it. I so want to do it tonight. Should I put them tonight? They sleep every night. Thats how it works. Yeah. Okay, Ill do it right now. Im gonna go. And we go. But I dont wanna be there. Im not thinking how much I love them. Im thinking how do I get these animals to sleep and get back to the game. But thats the problem, cause when you go in there anxious and plan on being somewhere else and getting out of there, kids are like wolves, they can sense when you dont want to be there. First of all, they look at you funny cause youre not the regular. Theyre just kind of like… I get nervous right away. I feel like a narc wearing a wire. Nothing. I just want to go to sleep. Who wants to sleep with Daddy? You just gotta lay there. Its a waiting game. Thats all it is. Its who can out-wait the other party. Thats who wins the putting to sleep war. And sometimes you win. Sometimes you wait there long enough, theyll fall asleep, you go back and watch the game. Other nights, its four in the morning. You fell asleep. Theyre up putting toothpaste in a light socket. You lost that one. Just chalk it up to a loss. Its fine. But dont engage with them. You cannot engage with them cause their goal is to stay up forever. Thats what they want to do. Theyre very good at it. Professionals. Dont talk to them, just lay down there and just shut your eyes and dont talk. Dont engage with them. Theyre gonna be like, Daddy? Youre like, Please, no. No Daddy. Were going to sleep. Sleep time. Daddy, I love you. You shut up. You dont love me. And when you think theyre asleep, do me a favor, add 25 minutes to let that cement dry, cause that is the difference between a rookie and a champion there. Dont ever peek to check if theyre asleep, cause I promise you one of em is gonna be standing over you like a velociraptor, just kind of… She will sense the heat in your eyelid as it raises. She will elbow her sister, boom, you just pressed reset and added six hours to your night. And even if you get them to sleep, the dismount from the bed… that is the most crucial move of the evening. You can undo all your hard work with a sloppy dismount because its like a human game of pick-up sticks. You gotta move your body parts without moving any of theirs. You gotta get out of the bed. Im big, so when you roll to one side of the mattress, they come tumbling into the vortex. Everybodys awake. Starting from scratch, thats what Im doing. You do bedtime stories with your kids? I cant stand them. Theyre not like when we were kids. The kids are so young they dont understand what youre saying. Its about spending time with mommy and daddy. Thats all it is. It was quick. It was three pages. Tommy lost a bike. Tommy hopped a fence. He found his bike. Now its about these childrens authors, the book is like War and Peace. You gotta read the whole thing. Im like… Theyre not even listening. You ever do a little editing on your own, where youre just like… If a couple of pages get stuck together, Im not thumbing them apart. No. Like, the other night, I read them Goldilocks and the Two Bears, we get it. The night before that, it was Horton Thinks He Hears a Who, Turned out to be nothing, good night. Be careful what you say around kids. Kids are like sponges. They may not understand what youre talking about, but they will take what you said, and they internalize it, and then they throw it back out at you at the most inappropriate time. I was at a little girls birthday party with my daughter. Outta nowhere, my daughter just goes, This cake tastes like beer. No, no. No. Two thoughts pop in my head immediately. Number one, I have to convince every other parent there I have never, ever, ever given her a taste of beer in her life, and number two, now I gotta try the cake. I gotta give it a shot. The other day I was playing with my daughter. Shes two and a half. She was wrestling with me. Shes on my chest. We were having fun. Then all of a sudden, the action slowed down a little bit. She stopped, and she looked at me, and she sneezed… right in my mouth. And I threw up on her… immediately. Not like a little puke, like I… like a fire hydrant. I knocked her off my chest. It was that fast. It was achoo… The reason Im telling you this is my wife got mad at me for throwing up on our daughter. She was like, Why? Thats your own flesh and blood, why would you throw up on her? Why would I throw up? This isnt me not wanting to finish her tuna sandwich! Mucus that originated in her was launched unbeknownst to me right in my mouth, nothing but net, hit that little punching bag in the back! Why would I? Like I made a choice. Like I was sitting there, she sneezed in my mouth, I had time to think. Its just not right. We should take some toys away from her, teach her a lesson. You know what? Check that. Im gonna throw up on her, hold her legs. You hold her legs. Im gonna get her. I got nothing. You gotta hold those chunky little legs. I thought about both our actions, how similar they were with different outcomes, right? Its so violent, the body reaction, but theyre very similar in a sneeze and throwing up. But a sneeze is so enjoyable, and she did it the right way, too. ‘Cause when youre young, you dont think to block a sneeze. Thats how youre supposed to sneeze. Youre supposed to just let it go. Thats why when were home alone, thats what we do. We get the sneeze feeling. Hey, nobodys here. You just let it rip and then you watch the pixie dust in the light for 20 seconds. Still cant feel my legs. This is awesome. This is euphoria. Im good. Throwing up, man, thats a different story. Ooh. This was horrible. I took my kids to an amusement park. And were there, and I know I cant do the rides like when I was young. I used to be able to do any ride. I cant handle it anymore. I cant do it. So I was like, I have to do something, though. The days starting to wrap up, and I gotta get on a ride, cause my son hasnt seen me go on a ride with him at all. We havent done anything bonding together. And Im like, I gotta pick one out quick and just be a man. I gotta go on some of these rides. So I scouted which ones I could do and not get sick. I was like, Teacups, theyre out for sure. Ill throw up immediately. But then I saw the pirate ship. You ever see the pirate ship that goes back and forth? No, no, no. I scouted it. Believe me, its only three minutes first of all, and it doesnt go up all the way around, which I was worried about. I thought it was gonna go over the top. It doesnt. Its a very short ride. So I said, Ill do it. And I get my son, Hey, you wanna go be pirates, man? Hes like, Yes, Dad, lets do it. So we get on the ship and we buckle in. And were like, Yeah, lets do it. Boom. By the time the ride got here, I knew I made a massive miscalculation. And I just said, Ooh, this is not good. This is not good. I just knew. You know when you know youre gonna throw up? Youre like, No, no, no, no. I was like, I cant do it! I had to buckle down. I gotta be strong. I cant. My son will remember this for the rest of his life. Hell remember the time daddy threw up on the pirate ship. I cant do it. I gotta be a man. I sucked it up. I care too much about him and his respect of me. By the time the ship got here, I didnt give a crap about my son. I didnt care about anybody in the world. The only two people I cared about was me and the kid in front of the red button who could stop this thing. But hes not looking at me, cause hes looking at his phone, probably on some carnie dating site just swiping. Now Im really panicked. Then the ship went back one more time. You know when you get that water in the back of your mouth? Kind of like vomits way of ringing the doorbell. Hey… Hows it going? Were in the neighborhood. Were gonna be coming by in about a couple minutes or whatever. I dont know if you have a mint handy in the house. You might want to get a mint ready. Theres a whole bunch of us, too, so you should leave the garage open. Well see you. Yeah, were coming back. We are coming back. Its on. So now Im panicked. Im praying that theres a little girl in front of me. Im hoping she throws up… so I can piggyback my puke with hers and try to hide it from my son, cause my sons here. Im a big guy. If I can puke with her and throw it this way or at least blame her. She didnt puke, but I did. I threw up big… in my mouth… And I swallowed it. ‘Cause thats what a man does! Take that, lactose intolerance! And thats what men do. Then we got fake tattoos and got cotton candy after that. So good, all food. I cant. I get too fat and then I… I lose weight, gain weight and lose it again. Thats why I cant get a tattoo unless its like an accordion. I just cant pull the trigger. Do we have any tattoo people here today? Yeah, you got? Whats your name? Roscoe. Roscoe? Hows it going, bud? Nice to see ya. How many you have? Three. Three? Give me one, what you get? A Tasmanian devil. You got a Tasmanian devil? Whyd you do that? Just cause you liked… You were 19. That says a lot right there. Cool. You got a Tasmanian devil, what else? You got three? A clown in shackles. A clown in shackles… First ones kinda cute, right? The Tasmanian devil, but then… Roscoe got a clown in shackles. A clown on its own is weird enough. Can you imagine that? They dont even see that at the tattoo shop very often, but you were like, Were almost done, I want shackles on this guy. You never know when hes getting away. You just gotta keep him down. What was the purpose of the shackles and the clown? What does that represent? I forget. You forget, good. I dont know if Im buying that, Roscoe. You dont get a clown in shackles unless youre huffing paint somewhere. Out in Yaphank. I dont think youre… You cant forget something like that. You got shackles and a clown. What happened, man? You were in Maui. Okay. I was a little high. You were a little high. Hes also got a straight jacket. Okay. Now its starting to make sense. You couldve stopped at Maui. I was good. Anybody got more than Roscoe, any more than three? You got a few here? Whats your name? Hi, Selena, give me one of your tattoos. Oh, thats so sweet. Its yours moms actual handwriting? You took it from a piece of paper? Thats sweet, that means something, Roscoe clown with shackles! I get that. That makes sense. She wasnt high in Maui doing crazy meth, you nutjob! Keep going, Selena, you talk. Two what? Two Hello Kitties? All right, youre off the hook, Roscoe. How many you got? Seven? Whats your name? Billy. Hey, Billy. Nice to see you, bud. You got seven? Give me one of em. What did you get? Bill, look at me, man. What the heck is wrong with you? Hes like… You can jump right in. When I finish my sentence, you can pop right in. Thats how conversation works. I feel like Im talking to somebody in Tel Aviv or something, you know? Hows it going down there, Billy? Is everything all right? Everything is great, Kevin. Thank you. Give me one of them. What is it? A lion. A lion. You just got a lion? What does the lion represent? What did you get that for? Its a long story? We got plenty of time. Were just shooting a special. What is it? Youre a Leo. That wasnt so long. That was pretty quick. Wow. Okay. So you got a lion. Thats cool. What else? Give me another one, Bill. You got the Grim Reaper. Okay, were moving on. We dont need to talk to Billy all night. Okay, you got the Grim Reaper. You got Jesus, too. Balance it out, yeah, you need that. If youre gonna get the Grim Reaper, you have to get Jesus. Okay, what else you got? Give me another one. You got some Chinese thing. I got some Chinese thing. We could tell it means a lot to you. Thats a fun day at the tattoo shop for Billy, huh? What do ya got? I got a lion, got the Grim Reaper, got Jesus… I need a Chinese thing. You got like a Chinese thing? Chinesey, but not. Its kinda like a thing. Just Chinesey thing, just something. Whats a Chinese thing? What is it? Its supposed to be live for today, but the Grim Reaper fights that. You got it all. You got it all happening on your back, right? Another on the front. What you got there? An Irish thing… Are you Irish? Youre not even Irish. Wow! You just were everywhere, all over. Do you have any tattoos you regret? No, you dont regret any of them. Good for you. I like that, Billy. At least you own up to it, good. Yeah. You see people who regret them, and I feel horrible. I saw this one guy on the internet, on the inside of his arm, it said, Never dont give up. Oh… I felt so bad for him, cause we know what he wanted to say, and he was so close! ‘Cause dont give up works or never give up works, but he backed his ass into a double negative. And thats two stupid people, cause you know the tattoo artist could have said something at some point. I just wrote, Dont give up. Want me to put never in front of it? Yes, put never in front of dont give up, okay? A little less this and a little more… You dont even have to go to a shop to get a tattoo anymore. You know that? They have a service called Tattoo 2 U, where they will send a van to your house to give you a tattoo. Yeah, how you doing? Listen, I got like three DUIs. Im currently under house arrest. Im pretty hammered right now, but… I need the Tasmanian devil on my left ass cheek immediately. I need a clown in shackles just hanging out around my waist line. Could you guys send a van? Im in Maui. You guys are the greatest. God bless you all! Thank you! Good night, New York! ? Get up! ? ? Siege ? ? Yeah! ? ? And when you hear the sound Of the drum ? ? Well be saying, Here we come! ? ? Yeah, here we come ? ? Hey, here we come ? ? Huh! Here we come ? ? Here we come ? ? Yeah, here we come ? ? Hey, here we come ? ? Hey, here we come ?

ALI WONG@HARD KNOCK WIFE@2018@Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome to the stage Ali Wong! ? What yall thought Yall wasnt gon see me? ? ? Im the Osirus of this shit? ? Wu-Tang is here forever, motherfuckers? ? Its like this ninety-seven ? ? Aight my nigga s and my niggarettes? ? Lets do it like this? ? Ima rub your ass in the moonshine? ? Lets take it back to seventy-nine? ? I bomb atomically? ? Socrates philosophies and hypotheses? ? Cant define How I be droppin these mockeries? ? Lyrically perform armed robbery ? ? Flee with the lottery Possibly they spotted me? ? Battle-scarred shogun? ? Explosion when my pen hits ? Oh, my goodness! I heard a rumor that all of the Asians in this city… Have congregated in this theater tonight. Yeah. Thank you for coming with your white boyfriends. I really… Appreciate it, from the bottom of my heart. Im so excited to be here. I have not been performing that much at all, in the past two years, because two years ago, I gave birth to a baby girl. And when I first started to come back out to do stand-up, the other stand-up comics, they couldnt believe it. They were like, Oh, my God, Ali… What are you doing here? Didnt you just have a baby? I was like, Listen… Ive been with my baby girl since she was born, all day every day. And I love her so much. But Im on the verge of putting her in the garbage. I need to be here to miss her, so that I dont go to jail. Its so sexist when people ask me, Well, if youre here, then whos taking care of the baby? Who the fuck do you think is taking care of the baby? The TV is taking care of the baby, okay? The windows are open, shes got gummy vitamins on her lap, shes fine! I tried being a stay-at-home mom, for eight weeks. I like the stay-at-home part. Not too crazy about the mom aspect, that shit is relentless. I was stupid and naive, and I thought that being a stay-at-home mom was about chillaxing, getting to shit in your own home, Watch Wendy Williams and go out to brunch with your sassy girlfriends. I did not understand that the whole price you have to pay for staying at home is that youve gotta be a mom. Oh, and thats a job. Its a wack-ass job. You get no 401K, no co-workers. Youre just in solitary confinement all day long with this human Tamagotchi… That dont got no reset button, so the stakes are extremely high. A toy Tamagotchi is more communicative than a human baby. Okay? Because the toy will at least tell you when it poos. With a human baby, you just have to guess and check your intuition by sniffing its ass… Twenty-six times a day. And you cant phone it in and sniff it from afar. You really gotta flip the baby over, plant your face in the babys ass and give it a good yoga inhale with your mouth and everything, because the inside of your nose has been singed from all the poo-poo smelling. Thats how I know I love my baby more than anybody else in the entire world. I told my husband Till death do us part. And not once have I ever… sniffed his ass… To check if he shit his pants. Ive licked it, but I havent sniffed it. Because sniffing it would be disgusting! Okay? And if you havent licked ass yet, grow up. Grow the fuck up. And learn how to be in a long-term, committed, lasting-relationship full of love where you have to make sacrifices for the greater good. My dream, my goal for the longest time was to be a trophy wife, but then I found out that in order to be a trophy wife, you have to be a trophy. I am more of a commemorative plaque. I joined a moms group in Los Angeles. Yeah, I dont find any of these bitches particularly interesting or fun, but when youre a new mom on maternity leave, its like The Walking Dead, you just gotta hook up with a crew to survive. I used to hate on other moms for the clothes that they wore. You know these fucking clothes that moms wear, all that cheesy-ass animal print and… loud metallic shiny shoes. And now I see something thats bedazzled in rhinestones, and Im like, Oh… That looks nice. I think Ima get that! The more glitter the better, because when youre a mom you need sparkle. To compensate for the light inside of you that has died. A lot of young women have anxiety about giving birth. Well, let me tell you something. Giving birth aint nothing compared to breastfeeding! Breastfeeding is brutal. It is chronic physical torture. I thought it was supposed to be this beautiful bonding ceremony, where I would feel like I was sitting on a lily pad in a meadow and bunnies would gather at my feet while the fat Hawaiian man version of Somewhere Over the Rainbow would play. No! Its not like that at all! Breastfeeding is this savage ritual that just reminds you that your body is a cafeteria now! It dont belong to you no more. When my baby girl would get hungry, shed yank my nipple back and forth like that bear fucking up Leonardo DiCaprio in The Revenant. Its frightening. I saw that movie, and my nipples were like, I feel you, Leo! I didnt take any classes on breastfeeding, because I assumed it was just gonna be this very easy intuitive thing where the baby sucks on your nipple like a straw, and the nurse promised me that I would have a particularly easy time, since my nipples look like fingers. You can spin DVDs on them, thats how Command hook-like they are. But apparently, you have to get the baby to latch on at a very specific angle. You gotta tilt their head and do geometry to get them on properly. And its very stressful, because when theyre hungry and theyre crying, it makes your hormones spray milk all over their face and their neck, which then become very slippery and hard to grip, and then you gotta slam them on at just the right time. And every time I would do it, it was like parallel parking. I dont know how I did it! Its a mystery. I was never properly trained, but I just did it. I just went back and forth, and back and forth, and back and forth, until all these very concerned strangers start gathering outside of my car. Those people who gather outside of Asian womens cars while were parking… Are so helpful and so racist at the same time. Im always like, Thank you. Thank you, but fuck you… For assuming correctly about me! I could not have done this without you! My mom saw me struggle with breastfeeding and she was very discouraging about it, and she was like, Why are you breastfeeding? I raised you on formula and look how shiny your hair is. She was like, Are you falling for that bullshit slogan, ‘breast is best? I was like, No… I do it because breast is free. Come on, Mom, you know what it is. Local, organic, free-range, farm-to-mouth milk squirting outta my titties. It was squirting out of like 15 holes in each titty, like the Bellagio fountain, just, Woo. Woo, woo, woo. Woo, woo, woo. For free! My body was a food factory. I wasnt about to let that all go to waste. If you shat juicy hamburgers… Would you ever wait in line at In-N-Out again? No, you would pop a squat over your husbands head every morning. And tell him to open wide… Because breakfast is on the way… Animal style. Yeah, youd be like, I got your secret menu right here. ? Work, work, work, work, work ? I had to stop breastfeeding after eight and a half months. I could not take it anymore. By the end, I felt like The Giving Tree. I used to not-understand what that depressing-ass book was about. And now I know its about breastfeeding! Its about a mom who used to have all of these beautiful branches and apples, and then this little freeloader comes into her life, takes all of her shit, and then she just becomes a sad-ass tree stump with deflated titties! People kept on asking me, Ali, how did you get so skinny after the baby? She sucked the life outta me! As it turns out, breastfeeding is not free because you have to buy all of these pillows and pumps to support your breastfeeding, and then you might get a clogged duct. Thats when you get like a traffic jam kidney stone in your titty, and then you have to call a lactation consultant. A lactation consultant is a white NPR listener with dreadlocks, Named Indigo, That you have to pay $200 to rush over to your house and Roto-Rooter your titty. Indigo had me do push-ups, dipping my titty in and out of a bowl of scalding hot water, and then beat my titty like this in the interim. This is why women need maternity leave. In every other First World country… Canada, France, Germany… Women get up to three years off paid maternity leave when they have a new baby. In the US, we get jack shit. In the US, there is zero federal policy for maternity leave. Maternity leave is not just to bond with the baby. Fuck the baby! Maternity leave is for new moms to hide and heal their demolished-ass bodies! I couldnt go back to work topless beating my wet titty, trying to establish dominance over all my coworkers. Youd get fired! People dont tell you about all the crazy shit that goes down when you get pregnant, when you give birth. When I was pregnant, a lot of other moms had highly recommended to me, Ali, now you make sure at the hospital to steal a bunch of the free diapers. Yeah, duh, I know for the baby. No. For you… For me? What the fuck do I need diapers for? Oh, youll see… Winter is coming. And indeed I did see! Nobody told me about all the crazy shit that comes out of your pussy after you give birth. You know what happens after the baby comes out? You know what else exits? Her house. Her living room, her pillows… the Bob Marley poster… All the food that went bad in her refrigerator… for months! So then you have to wear this cartoonishly large pad. Thats like the size of a toddler mattress, and its only held up by the strength of this mesh fishnet underwear thats exclusively available at the hospital. You cant get that shit on Amazon or anything, so you gotta snatch that shit every day. Its made out of the same material that they package fancy Korean pears in. Its very Dac Biet, okay? Number one extra large Dac Biet hospital underwear. For three months, I was walking around my house with a top knot, giant diaper, nipples bleeding. Like a defeated sumo wrestler. I had a C-section. Yeah. Which was not the original intention, but I was having contractions for 24 hours. Yeah. And then I was like, Cut it out. The nurse was like, Keep going. I was like, Bitch, I said cut it out. ? Your price is way too high You need to cut it ? ? Cut it, cut it, you need to cut it? The nurse was not a big hip hop fan, so… She did not appreciate that or my Dave Coulier reference. Look, a C-section is no joke, okay? It is major surgery. But its very fast. They put the anesthesia in your back, and then they put up this curtain so that your husband can only see your human side and not your cadaver side. And then ten minutes later, they hold the baby above the curtain like bloody Simba and its over. I was like, What the fuck did I do all that pushing for when there was this perfectly good emergency exit? One of my best friends, God bless her, she was in labor for 72 hours. The babys head kept on going in and out, and in and out, and in and out. And then she still had to have an emergency C-section. Before that shit went down, my friend was the kindest, most polite, dainty lady, who would never burp in front of anybody. After that shit went down, she became the most bitter, nasty, raw-ass bitch I have ever met in my life! I went to her house to pay her a visit shortly after, she opens the door, Look at my pussy, Ali. Look at this shit! Look at this! No, Hello, Ali. Welcome. Come meet my beautiful new baby. No, just, Come on, you look at this shit! You look at what happened to me! Just with the door open, in front of the entire cul-de-sac to see, Come on! And her pussy looked crazy! It looked cuckoo for Cocoa Puffs! When I saw it, I was like… Because her pussy straight up looked like two hanging dicks side by side. In the process of giving birth to one baby girl, my friend became two dudes. You could French braid that shit. It was like a Star Wars monster. I mean, women, were not accustomed to seeing each others pussies in the first place. Its not like men at the urinal where youre like, Hey, whats up, dude? Whats going on? holding your dicks in your hands in front of each other. Were never just like going to the bathroom, Whats up, girl? holding our pussies, just casual, I like your manicure. I told her that she had turned into two dudes. And she started laughing. But then she started to get also extremely upset. And she was like, Please, do not make me laugh! Do not make me laugh! And then with one hand, she had to grab a pillow, and press it against her C-section scar. And then with the other hand, she had to… pinch the dicks together… To make sure that… the carne asada wouldnt fall out of the taco, and become nachos on the floor. You see, this is why women need maternity leave! Yeah, youd better pay our ass, too. My friend couldnt go back to work with her meat curtains dragging on the floor like the train of a sad-ass wedding dress. You cant litigate like that. Aint no Spanx gonna tuck that shit in. I told her all of that too, and she started laughing more. And, you know, she was like, she was pinching and she was pressing, and repressing the laughter and it got to be too much, and then all of this gas gurgled up in her system, and she let out this fat-ass queef that dried out my eyeballs. I was like… Oh! Ah! Oh! Eeee. Ah. Ah. Ah. Many benefits to a C-section, okay? Catheter, I had never had a catheter in my life. A catheter is a tube that they hook up to your pee-pee hole, and you just lie there… And then all of a sudden, this bag of piss shows up next to your bed. And then this kind Filipino lady named Joyabelle Esperanza Purificacion Santo Domingo Ordonez Balasa comes in to take it out. And youre like, Nurse Joyabelle, whose piss that? And shes like, Thats yours. And youre like, Oh my God, thats mine? I did not even feel it go out. The catheter, it just carries it out. And I was like, Oh my God, in my life I could have accomplished so much more had I had a catheter attached to me this entire time. A lot of people like to ask me, Ali, how on Earth do you balance family and career? Men never get asked that question… because they dont. They just neglect the child for like 90% of the day, and thats perfectly socially acceptable, but the standards for dads are so low that they get so much praise for doing so little. My husband occasionally changes diapers, and when people hear that, Oh my God, confetti everywhere! I cannot believe that your husband changes diapers! What a doting modern father. Lucky you! When my baby girl was first born, I would do skin-on-skin contact every day to bond with her. She shit on my chest. Wheres my confetti at? Ill tell you how I balance family and career, real talk? I have a nanny. Thats it, thats the answer. Yes, its very unlikable and unpopular to broadcast that because not everybody can afford a nanny. Its super expensive. Its expensive for me and my husband, so the both of us, we have to hustle, we have to work very hard to not take care of our child ourselves. Im all about putting the oxygen mask on myself before I put it on my baby. I like that protocol. I like that philosophy very much. When the stewardess tells me to make sure to do that, Im always like, Yeah, I was gonna do that. I got no problem with that. Im so jealous of Mexican people. Mexican culture. They dont need no nannies, cause you know who takes care of the baby? The other baby! Hermana, Tía, Abuela, Sobrina, Prima, Second Prima, Bounce House… The baby is just born into childcare. I want to be Mexican in my next life. Dont nobody have more fun than Mexicans. I used to live at Crenshaw and Pico, yes, if you dont know, Crenshaw and Pico is this magical corner in the hood of Los Angeles where Guadalajara meets Korea… And the Mexicans and the Koreans are in constant racial warfare, and their weapons are loud music versus frowning. Mexicans know how to prioritize family and fun. They take their kids to Disneyland all the time. And now to accommodate, there is all of this Spanish at Disneyland. Every ride begins with, Ladies and gentlemen, for your safety please keep your arms and hands inside the vehicle at all times. Damas y caballeros, por favor mantengan las manos y los Brazos dentro Del coche, and please do not smoke… Because it is gross and dangerous, okay? And employees must wash hands before returning to work. Okay, be careful. Be very careful. Cos tongue taco, son of a bitch, apple! ? Late at night When all the world is sleeping ? Yes, thats how Mexican Disneyland has gotten, they play Selena on Pirates of the Caribbean. The Haunted Mansion is now called Dia de los Muertos! And what was formerly known as Splash Mountain is now Esplash Mountain. Our nanny is 62 years old. Yes, I would never accept anything younger than 62 years old. If you are hiring a 25-year-old pretty young thing to be your nanny, you a dumb-ass. Do you not read People magazine? You dont know whats up? Thats inviting a marriage grenade into your home. When you have a newborn baby, your marriage is very weak because youre both stressed out, you look like shit cause you dont shower no more, youre resentful of each other, whose idea was it to bring this new roommate into the world? Your marriage is very vulnerable and easy for an outsider to invade and colonize. If we had hired a 25-year-old man, who was… not ugly… Great with my daughter and said yes immediately to every chore I asked him to do with a positive attitude, Oh, you best believe that I would eat the shit out of his butthole. Every day. Every day would be an all-day nanny butthole buffet. I dont care if his 25 year old butt cheeks got all nervous and clenched up and closed on my face like elevator doors, I would get in there and… Like Jack Nicholson in The Shining! A lot of people also often ask me, Ali, what on Earth do your parents think about your stand-up comedy? Now thats a very racilly-charged question, right? Like, what theyre really asking is, What do your oppressive Asian parents who beat you with the SAT book until your fingers bled from playing the cello think about your butthole-licking jokes? My older sister is an unemployed lesbian who lives on my mothers property. So I can do whatever I want. Yeah. Whatever I want! I could take a shit on this stage right now, and my mom would be like, You bring so much honor to our family. I am so proud of you, my golden child. And then a lot of people also seem to wonder, Ali, now that you have a daughter, are you gonna tone it down? Heres the thing, just because you became a parent, doesnt mean you grew up. Yeah. Broey dudes become broey dads. Im the same piece of shit that I always was before I became a mom, now just with more responsibility, and Im barely rising to the occasion. And Im not ashamed, Im not going to hide that I was very sexually active in my twenties. You know why? Because everybody knows the secret now that when a woman sleeps with a man right away, its not because we dont respect ourselves, its because we dont respect you. We dont see you as marriage material. Thats why we let your dick inside so fast. By letting you in, were really kicking you out of our future. Bye, Felicia, be on your merry little way. Were just trying to have fun, were not trying to trap your ass. But… But you better be careful because when a man… When a man doesnt sleep with you right away, oh… oh, its not because he respects you, its because he has a small dick. And hes trying to trap you. Do not fall for that trap. Im gonna repeat that shit to my daughter over and over and over again. Do not fall for that trap. I fell for that shit once, fell in love and into a semi long-term relationship with a man who kept on wanting to wait to have sex, and I assumed it was because he thought I was so special, and amazing, and worth waiting for… He was hiding something! Months later he finally agrees to get busy and unveils this tiny mess of a thing that wouldnt even reach your molars. It was a black dude. Creepy, right? Like seeing a homeless Asian person, What happened to you? Oh my God, who are your parents? Truly! It was a black dude, and I told all my black friends about it, and they were like, Where the fuck is he at? We need to assassinate him right now before he further threatens to tarnish our sacred reputation! It was the first and last time I had ever seen an actual micropenis. And my honest first reaction when I saw it was… Oh, my God, are you okay? What happened, did you just get hit by a bus? Did a car outside just like sideswipe your dick off, and now is your dick rolling around on the street like a severed snake head? And should we get a mason jar and just scoop it up, and bring you both to the hospital to have you sewed back together? Wait a minute. Wait a minute… Is this some sort of Princess and the Frog test? Did a witch curse you a long time ago as punishment for calling her ugly? And now if I put that in my mouth to prove that I love you, as a reward for my love, will it expand? Like one of those magic towels you pour water on? My life has changed dramatically in the past year, because a year ago, nobody knew who the fuck I was. And when I was warming up to tape my very first stand-up comedy special I did four shows in my hometown, San Francisco. And I was so excited, I was super pumped. And then I couldnt sell out all the tickets, so they had to put half of them up on Groupon. I know a lot of you are having a Chinese heart attack right now. Oh my God… You mean to tell me I couldve seen this bitch a year ago for $10? Look, I love Groupon, okay? But it was so depressing and demoralizing to see my face and my picture next to… whale watching tours, Teeth whitening services, and discontinued dildos on clearance. I was like, This is sad. And then fast forward to last year, my Netflix special Baby Cobra premiered Mothers Day weekend. And it was crazy, nothing like that had ever happened to me before. All of a sudden scalpers were charging up to $1,000 a ticket to see me headline live. Over 300 people dressed up as me while I was pregnant in that striped dress for Halloween. And I was so happy. Until I realized that I have no interest in being famous. I dont. All I ever wanted was more money for less effort. I just wanna collect checks in my pajamas. Play a piece of tofu in a Pixar movie or something. Yeah, come on, you see it, the tofus got glasses, a lot of attitude, sings some song about the joy of soy with Justin Timberlake. My arch nemesis can be a piece of beef played by Idris Elba, Named Stringer Beef or something. Im not even that famous and already I hate it. I hate it so much. Its a burden! Occasionally now, I will be eating at a fancy restaurant and will get recognized by both the wait staff and the chef and think to myself, Oh, great. Now I have to tip more. And I do have more money now, and now I make a lot more money than my husband by like a long shot. Well, my mom is very concerned that hes going to leave me out of intimidation. I had to explain to her that the only kind of man that would leave a woman who makes more money, is the kind of man that doesnt like free money. Oh, but Ali, he doesnt feel small? Hes too busy living large on my new salary! Oh. Oh… Oh, but Ali, doesnt he feel like you took something away from him? Oh, do you mean like the pressure to provide? Which I have lifted from his shoulders. Hes chilling. He walks into work now every day two hours late like this, Fuck you! Fuck you, fuck you, and fuck you! Fire me, I dont give a shit. My wifes rich, bitch. Yeah! Yeah, this job is just an eccentric hobby for me now. It was not supposed to go down like this. Okay? I was supposed to be him. Im supposed to be the one chilling. He graduated from Harvard Business School. I have a BA from UCLA in Ethnic Studies. Ethnic studies is a major where you study how to blame everything on white people, its not supposed to yield income. Nobody, no one could have predicted this outcome. So much so, that before we got married, his family made me sign a prenup. Its true, and now if we get divorced, their son is fucked. No more sashimi on a Tuesday! No more fancy Japanese toilet bidet where water comes out and Hello Kitty sings the song until your buttholes fresh and clean. Go back to drinking flat water, bitch! It is said that if you earn more in the relationship, then you are the breadwinner. I think my husbands the real breadwinner, because he won a bread machine. Being a woman and the breadwinner is not all that, okay? Because you get insecure, you do, about having too much power, so then you overcompensate in the marriage by letting the husband have a say and… And then on top of that, you know, I get very insecure as being seen as like an ice cold, workaholic mom, so then Im the main caregiver of our daughter, too. And Im exhausted! Im overwhelmed! So now when my husband and I role play, I request that he call me a simple ho. Because that is my greatest fantasy, to be an illiterate farm girl, With no responsibility or decision-making power. Well get really into it, too. Hell be like, You! You are nothing but a simple ho! And Im like, Yeah, Im a real dummy. I dont know the alphabet, I dont know how to count, I dont know the difference between shapes and colors. I cant be trusted to deposit checks or do anything important, for I am just a simple ho. Despite having more money, I keep it real, okay? I am still a Chinese-Vietnamese person, okay? Yeah. I literally watch my Netflix special on my sister-in-laws login. To this day, I do not have my own account. After I filmed Baby Cobra, Netflix sent me a Netflix baby onesie and a basket. You know those baskets that white people like to give with the biscotti, and the cheese, and the caramel popcorn, and all the other shit that Asian people have no interest in whatsoever. I was like, Give me an account! I dont need this shit that Im allergic to, give me an account! I still buy all my shit on Craigslist, nothing in my house is new. But now, I have to go in a disguise because last week I forgot my sunglasses and my hat and I was haggling with this dude over a bike helmet. He was like, Twenty. I was like, Ten. He was like, Okay, 17. I was like, Uh-uh, I see a scratch on there. Ten. And finally he says to me, Um, you know, I could swear, I… Arent you Ali Wong? Why are you haggling with me over this bike helmet? Im a college student who, as you can see, lives in a studio apartment with roommates. I was like… Shame on you. We dont all look alike! Give me that helmet. Me no speak-a the English! My name is not Ali Wong, my name is Grace Lee! I dare you to Google Image Grace Lee. Your computer will burst into flames! I make fun of my husband a lot, but the reality is that he is my best friend. Yes, Im very serious. Im very lucky to have gotten to marry my best friend, and our whole dynamic confuses my mother because its the inverse of what she had with my father. She was like, Your father was not my best friend. I cannot believe how comfortable you guys are around each other. Do you fart in front of your husband? I fart in my husband. ‘Cause we are best friends. I hope that he and I always stay together, truly, you know? ‘Cause a lot of times when comedians get successful, they inevitably get divorced from their first spouse, and then at the age of, like, 50 or 60, they like to trade up for a new one thats, like, a third of their age. As a woman, that has zero appeal to me. You think I wanna fuck an 18-year-old boy when Im on the precipice of menopause? Have some nervous teenager do three pumps and then bust a nut in my old-ass pussy? No, thank you. No gracias. I dont wanna fuck an 18-year-old boy, not now, not ever again, because theyre 18, theyre terrible in bed. Do you remember when we were all teenagers? It was horrible for teenage girls because oral sex was all one-way. As a teenage girl, you never ever got your pussy eaten, but you sucked so many dicks. Youd suck a dick under a bridge, in the bathroom, in the forest. But as a teenage girl, you never just casually got your pussy eaten behind the bleachers, Come on, Gary. Come on… Come on, Gary. Come on. Just lie down on your back, Gary. Come on, like youre gonna change oil. Come on, Gary! Did you see that wicked serve I made in that tennis match? Come on, Elliot, come on. Congratulations to me! Come on, Elliot. Come on, Elliot. Come on. There are no more children in this playground. Come on, Spencer. Come on! Its dark, Spencer, come on! You had to, like, wait until your 20s to get your pussy eaten, and even then it was not very good because its very personal. Do you know how long it took me to train my husband to eat my pussy correctly? Im not going back out into the world, find somebody new to coach all over again. Its too much work. All of that knowledge that my husband has now, all that time I invested, all of that muscle memory lives and dies with him. You cant store that in some sort of I-pussy cloud and then just download it to a new husband 2.0. He is bespoke to me. Irreplaceable! Yes. Look, many patient nights I wanted to fake it, okay? But I knew that it was so fundamental for the long-term that he get it right, and that lying to him would just be cheating myself. And so, I would shove his head down there and keep it down there until his face got prunie. Many nights, hed enter 7:00 p.m. looking like a 30-year-old man, exit hours later looking like Tommy Lee Jones. You know how hard it is for a young Asian man to suddenly transform into Tommy Lee Jones? I think a big part of being good at eating pussy is that you just got to be into it, okay? Do it with gusto, with enthusiasm. Its a privilege, so act like you know, okay? Yes! Yeah, dont hesitate. Dont… Like youre some toddler being forced to eat broccoli. Get in there! And hold your own goddamn head up, too, dont use my thigh as a tripod and just… Fall into a food coma before you finish your meal. Lately, I have been ruminating a lot over this one time I hooked up with this dude, and in the middle of kissing, I felt the responsibility to stop and say, Hey, I should really let you know now before we go any further that… Im on my period. And he was like, Oh… Well… Then lets make a fucking mess, Ali! To this day, that is the most romantic thing anybody has ever said to me. I think about it when I feel down and ugly and no good. All I have to do is remember that there was once a man out there who was willing to yank out my tampon and replace it with his dick! It made me feel beautiful. Beautiful! (cheers and applause). There is nothing more empowering and truly feminist than what that man said that day. That is straight up hashtag… Im with her. You know, I think I used to be a much different comic before I had the baby. I used to do a lot more jokes about sucking dick and my pussy, but now… not as many jokes about… Sucking dick and my pussy because… I dont suck dick no more. When you give birth to a baby, they hand you a diploma that says, Congratulations, youve earned the right to not suck dick out of obligation anymore. If my husband were to demand that I suck his dick, I would laugh in his face. And then I would go to sleep, and guess what? In the morning, hes still there, aint no consequence. Were handcuffed together by a baby and a mortgage. Checkmate, bitch. Its over. You aint got nowhere to run. I dont gotta suck your dick anymore, you owe me money. And I dont do as many jokes about my pussy anymore because my pussy… is gone. Its gone. Physically its quite intact because I had the C-section, but emotionally and spiritually… Ghost in the Shell. Ghost in the Shell, its an Asian character being played by Scarlett Johansson! Yeah. My husband and I, we dont fuck no more. We just jack off side-by-side while we fantasize about Puerto Rican people. I dont have the energy to climb on top of him, clean up after sex, put that towel on the bed to absorb that post-sex wet spot. You know, that perfectly round-ass wet spot on the bed that gets all cold in the winter time. Its like an ice fishing hole. Because it smells like penguins. And is narrated by Morgan Freeman. All right, Ive been Ali Wong. Have a good night, everybody. Thank you! ? Graphic displays melt the steel Like blacksmiths? ? Black Wu jackets Queen Beez ease the guns in? ? Rumblin patrolmen Tear gas laced the function? ? Heads by the score take flight Incite a war ? ? Chicks hit the floor Die hard fans demand more? ? Behold the bold soldier Control the globe slowly? ? Proceeds to blow Swingin swords like Shinobi? ? Stomp grounds I pound footprints in solid rock? ? Wu got it locked Performin live on your hottest block? ? As the world turns I spread like germs ? ? Bless the globe with the pestilence? ? The hard-headed never learn? ? Its my testament to those burned? ? Play my position in the game of life Standing firm? ? On foreign land, jump the gun Out the frying pan into the fire? ? Transform into the Ghostrider Or Six Pack ? ? In A Streetcar Named Desire Who got my back?? ? In the line of fire holding back What? ? ? My peoples if you with me Where the fuck you at?? ? nigga s is strapped And they trying to twist my beer cap? ? Its court adjourned For the bad seed from bad sperm? ? Herb got my wig fried like a bad perm? ? What the blood clot We smoke pot? ? And blow spots You want to think twice, I think not ? ? The Iron Lung aint got to tell you Where its coming from? ? Guns of Navarone Tearing up your battle zone ? ? Rip through your slums ? ? I twist darts from the heart Tried and true ? ? Loot my voice on the LP My team is on to slang rocks? ? Certified chatterbox Vocabulary ‘Donna talking ? ? Tell your story walking? ? Take cover kid, what? Run for your brother, kid? ? Run for your team And your six camp rhyme groupies? ? So I can squeeze with the advantage And get wasted? ? My deadly notes reigns supreme? ? Your fort is basic compared to mine? ? Domino effect, arts and crafts? ? Paragraphs contain cyanide? ? Take a free ride on my thought? ? I got the fashion catalog For all yall ? ? To all praise to the Gods ? ? The saga continues? ? Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang?

KAVIN JAY@EVERYBODY CALM DOWN@2018@Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to Kavin Jay: Everybody Calm Down! Now, please put your hands together for the guy whose name is in the title, Kavin Jay! Singapore, how are you guys doing? Oh, yeah, its a lot… It took a lot of balls. It took a lot of balls for a Malaysian guy to shoot his special in Singapore. Oh, this is gonna be… You guys look beautiful. All right, uh… Singaporeans, make some noise! Malaysians, make some noise! I would like to thank the production company, because, uh, they put me up in a very nice hotel. All right. Its so posh, that the towels are so fluffy, I couldnt close my suitcase. I had to take out the shampoo and conditioner. All right, before I start, ladies and gentlemen, please, please give yourselves a round of applause. I love that phrase, right, Give yourselves a round of applause. Its such a beautiful phrase, right? A lot of emcees use it, a lot of, uh, you know, comedians use it. But its one of those things where I find it to be very Asian. Right? Because yall did all the work. You all bought the tickets. You all braved the jam. You all came here, you all found your seats. And now, you all are great audience. And now, give yourself the reward. Thats like my wife coming home and saying, Oh, you did the dishes. Give yourself a blowjob. Which Ive tried, its very difficult. Which is also why I picked up yoga. Uh… Youll never see Downward Facing Dog the same way again. Uh… Aw, ladies and gentlemen, look, Im gonna, Im gonna bring it out right in the front, right, Im gonna… Im gonna tell you all something that maybe you all may not have noticed. Uh, I am a bit overweight. You laughed a bit too hard there, my friend. I know, I know Im big. I know Im big. Like, you see, the thing is, I travel around the world doing comedy now, and its weird, though, because I went to Europe, and I found out Im not that big. I went to America, I found out I am a medium. And I had to shop in Baby Gap. Right, but its one of those things, in Asia, Im the Michelin Man. I am so fat that parents use me to discipline their children. Hey, I was walking down the street, a mother looked at me, looked at her child and said, If you dont behave, that man will eat you! And thats what I do, I eat children. Uh… They are delicious and gluten-free. Im only joking. They are not gluten-free. Uh… Uh, but Malaysians, Malaysians, they have this honesty about them, right? They dont care whether youre fat, ugly or whatever. They tell you straight to your face. Right? Like… I dont know if you know this, but for a few years, I did radio in Malaysia, right? As I was doing radio in Malaysia, a lot of people didnt realize that I was the stand-up comedian Kavin Jay and the radio personality Kavin Jay. They thought it was two different person. One lady in a show made that connection. Like, for her, like, Wow! Right? After the show, she came up to me, shes like, Oh, youre the Kavin Jay on radio, is it? Im like, Yeah, I also do radio. And shes like, Wow, you sound skinny on radio. Fuck your mother! What do you want me to do? Why… How do you sound fat on radio? What, like constantly having a heart attack the whole time? I love chicken rice, salad, and burger. But let me tell you, let me tell you a story about how I came to this realization that maybe, maybe I should lead a healthier lifestyle. Right? This is what happened. This is a true story that happened to me a couple of months ago. Now, I had a show in Manila, right? And I had to fly to Manila, and I had to book the tickets myself, right? So, as a Malaysian, I always fly AirAsia, right? Because its cheap, right? But, this time, I decided, you know what, lets make a difference. Lets try to make better choices, right? Lets, lets do something different. Right, I decided to fly Cebu Pacific… because it was cheaper. I booked the tickets online. I was happy, I was going to Manila, you know, its gonna be a good trip. Right, I walked up to the counter to check in, right. And then the lady behind the counter looked at me, and she said something I was not expecting. I was expecting Hello. How are you? Maybe even a Mabuhay, right? The lady behind the counter looked at me and she said, Sir, how much do you weigh? Straight to my face. There were tears coming down of my eyes. Thank you for laughing at my impending diabetes. Well, I didnt know what to do. The only thing that came out of my mouth at that time was the truth. Right, the truth came out. Right, I looked at her, and I said, uh, I weigh 120 kilograms. I see a lot of faces of disbelief. I understand. I completely understand this, because I know Im deceptively slim. Okay? Because every time I try to buy a T-shirt in Malaysia, they look at me, the shop owner looks at me, and then goes, For you, L. L. This one is a big size for you. Come on, dont worry, L. And then I walk out with a sports bra. I have a few sports bras now. Which is very nice. But also, like, its very difficult. I like wearing clothes, guys. I really like wearing clothes. But its so hard for me to buy clothes in Asia. Like, I… Look. When I was coming here, I like to wear funny T-shirts, as you can see. I like to wear funny T-shirts. I wanted to buy a T-shirt that I could wear for this special. Right. I was in Singapore yesterday, I saw a T-shirt that said, Fat people are hard to kidnap. I laughed, too, right? I wanted that T-shirt. Right, I wanted to buy the T-shirt. I walked up to the shop owner, I said, Do you have this in double XL? Uh… Dont have. I said, Whats the biggest size you have? S. What a dickhead. Uh… All Im saying, all Im saying is, if youre a size S, and youre wearing a T-shirt that says, Fat people are hard to kidnap, I will stab you, all right? Back to our story, back to our story. Im 120 kilograms, right. And then, this lady, she looked at me, and she said something even more unexpected, right. She looked at me and she said, Sir, if you weigh above a certain amount, you must buy two seats… on the plane. Right. Lowest point of my life. I didnt know what to do, I didnt wanna argue. I didnt wanna argue. Right, you know what, I bought two seats. I just bought two seats. Right, because I thought to myself, Two meals. I took the tickets and I very solemnly, very solemnly… very sadly walked to the plane… to find my seats. And thats when I found out that the seats were not together! What the fuck, guys! One was at the front of the plane and one was at the back of the plane! What are you trying to do, balancing, is it? Unbelievable! I realized now, I realized now Ive come to a point Im so fat that when I drop things on the floor, I let it go. Right? The other day, I was walking around, five ringgit fell down, Fuck it, Ill make more money. Its fine. Right. Dropped my car keys, Fuck it, Ill take Uber! Like Malaysia and Singapore, okay, I have to explain the history a bit, right, for some people. Like, do we have anyone here from outside of Malaysia and Singapore? Make some noise! Hey, where are you guys from? Australia. -Australia. All right, so, the thing is, you have to understand Malaysia and Singapore, we have a relationship, right? And we have some animosity. Its like Australia and New Zealand, I guess. Yeah? Its like India and Pakistan, right? Its like America and the rest of the world. Right, there is some animosity. And here is the thing, I think the best example would be India and Pakistan, right? Because they were… They were one family. And then, they split up. Right? Like, India and Pakistan, they were cousins. Right, they lived, they grew up together. And then, one day, Pakistan left. And came back with an AK-47. Calm down, Pakistan. What are you doing? Like, you know, like Malaysia and Singapore, its the same thing. We were cousins, we were family, we grew up together, right? And then, Singapore left. And came back with a BMW. Right. Its one of those things where Malaysians, we… Okay, let me tell you one thing, were a little bit jealous. Okay, we also want a BMW. Okay, but what we got… Proton. Right, so… Never mind, never mind. Its okay, we like our Proton. We love our Proton. Right? But heres the thing, though. I mean, Im sure you guys are lovely, Im sure you Singaporeans are lovely, right? But there are Singaporeans, who, you know, I dont like. And those are the people who think that Singapore is better than Malaysia, right? Is there anyone who thinks like that here? Make some noise! Gosh! I still got people clapping like… Uh… No, but the thing is, some people do think that Singapore is better than Malaysia. I always hear this from my.. From these guys. Right, Oh, Singaporean nasi lemak is better than Malaysian nasi lemak. No! No! Of course not. Right? I tried your nasi lemak. I tried your nasi lemak, guys. I went to Punggol to try your Punggol nasi lemak, famous. Right. When I ordered my nasi lemak, they gave me so little sambal. Right. On the menu, it said a hint of sambal. What I saw was a rumor of sambal. Where the fuck is my sambal? Right? And I did what any Malaysian would do, I asked for more sambal. I went up to the counter, I asked for more sambal. You know what they said? I had to pay extra for sambal. Pay extra for sambal? What kind of Communist country is this? Fifty cents extra, thats like Malaysian ringgit, 3,000 or something, right? Around about, around about, you know. Its not accurate, but, you know, you get the point. Right? And then another one. Oh, oh… Singaporean bak kut teh is better than Malaysian bak kut teh. Is that true? No. Even the Muslims are answering at this point. Hey. Even the Muslims are like, We dont know what bak kut teh tastes like, but we believe! Right? Because, look, your bak kut teh is white in color. Its white in color. Its so white, its trying to get a local wife. That is how white it is. Right. Oh, another one. Oh. Singaporean government is better than… Malaysian… Listen, guys, we cant win every argument, all right? But at least we got nasi lemak! Yeah! We hold on to what we got. Right. Well, heres the thing, I come down to Singapore to do a lot of shows. And a lot of my Malaysian friends would come around and say, did you know that they do the usual Singapore stereotype? Hey, Singaporeans have no sense of humor, why do you comedy do there? Singaporeans have no sense of humor. And I find this to be wrong. Singaporeans, you all have a sense of humor. Right? You all have a sense of humor. Its just a little misplaced. Like, for instance, right, in Singapore, right, you all thought it was a good idea to have a restaurant called Hooters… in Singapore. Really? I mean, for those of you who are pretending not to know what Hooters is, because you are sitting next to your girlfriends or wives. Hooters is a place where they wear skimpy outfits to show off their assets, right? So that they get tips at the end of the night, right? To show off their assets in Singapore. What is the fucking point? Because when I went there, I had the biggest breasts. Not only did I win the Wet T-Shirt Contest, I got second and third. Its free drinks all night, man. And another thing, another thing I realized about Singapore is that you have, you guys have trouble letting go. Three years ago, this was three years ago, guys. Three years ago, you all had a riot in Singapore. Little India riots. Right? Still fresh in everybodys mind. Everybodys like, Yeah, correct. Right? I opened the newspaper, Singapore is ready for new riots. Hello? Hello. Twenty-seven Indians overturned a car. You all call that a riot? How cute! In Malaysia, we call that Tuesday. And as I found out, in India, they call that a wedding. Oh, its… I make fun of you, guys, but I love coming to Singapore. I love coming to Singapore, right. Uh, the last time I came here, though, it was a little bit of a weird experience, because I lost my passport, right. I lost my passport in Singapore. And if you ever lost your passport in a foreign country, you will know what this feels like. If you havent, try not to do it, right, because its a hassle. You have to make a police report. Right. And I walked into a Singapore police station. I saw things… that Ive never seen before in my life. All right. I walked in, and your policemen… were doing work. What kind of sorcery is this? How do you all pick your police? Can you tell us? Right. I walked up to one of the policemen. He looked at me and he said, How can I help you? The fucker spoke English! I gathered myself, I gathered myself, I looked at him, I said, I lost my passport. Right. The guy looked at me and said, Sir, where are you from? I said, Im from Malaysia. He said, Sir, can you prove it? So I gave him 50 ringgit and left. You know, Im glad you guys laughed, okay, but he put me in jail! Do we have any Americans in the audience? Make some noise! Uh, well, which part of America are you from? New York! -New York! Yeah! I dont know where that is. And now you know how that feels, right? Im sorry, I didnt mean to make fun of you, but, uh, I did a show in the U.S. Its a very small place. Uh, I dont know if you have heard of it. Its called the American Embassy in Jakarta. Its a beautiful place. It is beautiful. Right, but heres the thing. Right, heres the thing. The American immigration officers that were there, uh, they were… a bit strict. Lets put it this way. Uh, they looked at my passport, right. My name in my passport is Kavin Anak Lelaki Jayaram, which is a typical Malaysian name. Anak Lelaki is son of, and its abbreviated to A/L. So, what they read was, Kavin Al Jayaram? I have not heard of that organization. Bob, get the lube! Code Brown. Right, heres… Im not saying… Im not saying… I know, Im a brown man with a beard. I understand the stereotype. Right, I have a mirror at home, I know what I look like. All right, but heres the thing, I grew my beard, because I wanted to look a bit hipster. I may have misjudged the length of beard, allowed for the color of my skin. Right? So, basically, everybody just thinks Im a terrorist, right? And flying in airports is so difficult, right? Because of Kavin Al Jayaram. Its… Its hard, but all Im saying is, look, I know what I look like. But use a bit of common sense. Okay, use a bit of common sense. Because have you ever seen a fat terrorist? Right? Think about this. Nobody is going, Death to America. But first, McDonalds. Supersize. No, no. Nobody is doing that, right? But Im from Malaysia. Im from Malaysia, right? And I know, for a fact, that in Malaysia, we will never have terrorists. We will never have terrorists in Malaysia. Right Think about this. If youre a terrorist in the middle of Kuala Lumpur, carrying a backpack full of explosives, we have snatch thieves. Youre not gonna get very far. Right? I mean… Its like, Death to America! No 72 virgins for me, huh? Uh… Seventy-two virgins, thats the best thing about terrorism. Wait, hold on, that came out wrong. Uh… Its funny though, like, look, they believe that if they martyred themselves, if they kill themselves in the name of terrorism, they get 72 virgins in the afterlife. Seventy-two virgins, right. Which is a great marketing plan. If youre a guy. Right, what if youre a female terrorist? Right, what then? Seventy Thats not a reward, you know. Thats a punishment, right? Seventy-two men who dont know what the hell theyre doing. Seventy-two premature ejaculations. Seventy-two Singaporean men. Everybody, calm down! Its just jokes, all right? You know, look, Im not gonna lie to you, we do have an accent. Malaysia, Singapore, its very similar. Its very similar. We have Manglish, you have Singlish, right? Its very similar, though. I mean, in a way that we put the lah at the end of every sentence just to fuck things up, right? And then, theres also… Theres also the fact that… Malaysia and Singapore, I mean, in Malaysia, theres a lot of people, who, you know, English is a second language. Like Singapore as well, some of you all, English is a second language, right? So its very difficult for us to grasp some grammatical things. Like, for instance, pluralization, right? Its very difficult to understand when do you pluralize something and when you dont. So, what we do, is we just pluralize everything. Right? Thats a good way to start, I guess. Like, you know, like, when you call a receptionist, Hows may I helps you? Right? That happens. And like, I was talking to a friend of mine, like, I was talking about his favorite anime, right. He looked at me and said, Dragons Balls. Im like, No, thats hentai. What are you doing? Its different. Dont. You know, its weird, though, but, uh… sometimes, just one word of a sentence, can screw things up tremendously. Right? Like, for instance, a few years ago, we had the Typhoon Haiyan that hit the Philippines, right? Now, Im not making fun of it. Im not making fun of it. Right, its a tragedy, people lost their homes, people lost their lives. Right? And as the ASEAN community, Singapore, Malaysia, we wanted to help out. Right? I wanted to help out. Giving donations of food and, you know, water and stuff like that. Right, so I walked up to this counter, collecting donations in Malaysia. And the lady behind the counter looked at me and said, Sir… do you want to send ‘aids… to Philippines? Im like, What are we sending to Philippines? ‘Aids. Aids to the Philippines. Im like, Hold on, wait, hold on a minute, okay? Calm down. Wait, what… How are we sending ‘AIDS to the Philippines? Shes like, Dont worry, sir, you just give me the ‘aids. I will personally send it for you. Which I thought was a good delivery system. Until I found out the Americans beat us to it. Uh… Everybody, calm down! Its just jokes, all right? Uh, but accents work both ways, though. Accents work both ways. Like, when I was 17 years old, uh, I went to England to study. Right, I lived there for five years. Now, do we have anyone from England? Make some noise! Good. Fuck them, right. Because, you see… You see, because I was going to… I was going to England, right. And I thought I was going to England where they spoke English. I thought I was prepared. Right, I did really well in the exams. I thought I was prepared. Right. My mother was an English teacher. I thought I was prepared, right. I even had friends who were English people, from England, uh, in Malaysia. And he taught me some phrases. Like, I learned from him, that if I say Im tired, they would say, Im knackered. Right? Difference. Right? Like, if, for instance, I say, Thats a transvestite. He would say, Thats my girlfriend. Subtle differences, right? I thought I was prepared, I knew everything. Now, I was going to, you know… And then, I took a flight from Malaysia, and I landed in Newcastle Airport. Now, if you dont know what Newcastle is, Newcastle is like the Kelantan… of England. Where they spoke in a different accent, nobody understood them. Right, I remember I walked out, 17 years old, I walked out from the plane, and people were looking at me like, Why aye, man? Im like, Sí, señor. Did I take the wrong flight? What is going on? Have the Vikings not left? Where am I? Right? I got over the accent, I got over the accent quite quick. Right, but there was one thing I didnt get over. Which is the way the British people told time. Which was very different from the rest of the world. Because Im used to the usual way that we have learned in school. Which was, if you asked someone the time, they would look at you and go, Its 8:30, 4:15. Hour, minute, no bullshit. So easy, right? But as a 17-year-old boy, I remember asking someone the time, he looks at me, he says… Quarter past four. And I looked at him, I said, Dickhead. Why are you making me do maths? I asked for the time, not a riddle, what are you doing? Why am I solving a quadratic equation right now? Why do I need a scientific calculator to tell the time? Why Right? And then, I realized that sometimes they dont even tell you the hour. They would just look at you and go, It is half past. Half past what? Thats like going to McDonalds and ordering a Big Mac, and they give you a bun. You figure out the rest. Hey, come on. Like, just tell me the time, whats wrong with you Now, when British people ask me the time… Right. Because it took me three years, it took me three years, for… I was there for five years. For the first three years, I didnt know what time it was. The whole time, I just kept looking at the sun. Where the fuck is the sun? How fucked up does a place have to be, that the sun refuses to show up? It took me three years. I read books, I did research. Right, at the end of three years, I became a maths genius. Right, I became a maths genius. Now, when British people ask me the time, I fuck with them. Now, when British people ask me the time, I go, It is five past… quarter to… half past six. And when they look at me all confused, I go, Divided by eight! Uh, ladies and gentlemen… uh, as I said, you know, traveling the world doing stand-up comedy, I realized one thing. I dont know if youve noticed this. Uh, I am Malaysian, but Im Indian by descent. Right, my parents are Indian from Malaysia. And my grandparents were from India, right. And, uh, you see, the thing is, Indians have moved around the world. Right? Everywhere, everywhere in every country, there are Indians. Like, Ive been to Switzerland, there are Indian people there. Like, Ive been to Fiji, there are Indian people there, right. And the thing is, everywhere in the world, this is the stereotype of Indian people. Tiki, tiki, tiki, I work at 7-Eleven. Tiki, tiki, tiki, I fix your computer. Tiki, tiki. Fuck you guys for laughing at that. But in Malaysia, its a little bit different. Its a little bit different. Right, this is the stereotype of Indian people. Tiki, tiki, tiki, I stab you. Tiki, tiki, tiki, I steal your computer. Right? You know, but the thing is, that is the stereotype of Indian people in Malaysia, right. And I grew up in Malaysia as an Indian, right. And its hard, though. Because my dad… My dad has a very thick Indian accent, right. My dad… I didnt quite understand him when I was younger because when… He used to give me advice, right. When I was younger, he would come up to me and say, Son, if youre looking for the right woman, you must look for the three Bs. The brains, the beauty… and the ‘bersonality. I have not found the bersonality yet, ladies and gentlemen. But heres the thing, me and my dad have a relationship, right. Like every other Asian dad and son. Right. Like, for instance, you, sir. Like you and your dad. Do you have a good relationship with your dad? Yes. -Yeah. Fair enough. Did your dad ever tell you, I love you, in your whole life? -Maybe once or twice. Maybe once or twice. Well done. Because my father has never been that drunk, I guess. I… I dont know, my dad has never told me he loves me. Right, he has never told me he loves me. Like, its weird, because now, I have a child of my own, right, a beautiful six-year-old girl. Right. And I love her, I love her, I tell her I love her every day. And I realized that my father tells her… he loves her, too. What about me? With her, he can say it, but with me, he cannot. And I asked him, I looked at him and I said, Dad, why… How come youve never said ‘I love you to me? And he looked at me and said, Why must I tell you? Youre alive, arent you? Right? Like, my dad, my dad loves alcohol. He drinks… a lot. Borderline alcohol problem, right. But… But he drinks a lot, and the thing is, I owe everything to my dad. I owe a lot of things to my dad, right. Because I wouldnt be a comedian if it wasnt for my dad. Right, because my dad would tell me jokes when I was younger. Right. Maybe they were a little bit inappropriate, but he would tell me jokes when he drinks. Like, I remember this one joke he told me. Let me see if you like it, right? Uh, when I was younger, he came up to me and he said, Son, why do Chinese people like to watch porno movies backwards? Because they like to see the prostitute give the money back. Listen, listen, Im glad you guys liked it, all right. But I was five years old, all right? And I remember, like, my dad… I looked at my dad, like, Dad, whats a prostitute? And my dad was like, Your auntie! Your auntie is a prostitute! My mother recently added me on Facebook. Right. Uh, its hard to get up in the morning to find out you have been poked by your mother. I remember the first time my mother poked me, my father liked it. It was very bad. Like, okay, my mom is… She has a smartphone now. She has a smartphone. Right, like, how many of you all are in a family WhatsApp group? Make some noise. How many of you all wanna kill yourselves? Make some noise! Right! Its one of those… The worst thing ever! The family WhatsApp where you cant leave the group. Its like leaving the fucking family. Like what is the point of the family WhatsApp group? Ten thousand messages in the morning. Good morning, family. Really You have never said good morning to me to my face! But now, suddenly, so many messages, all with pictures… of angels. Good morning, family. What are you doing And my mom, she likes to forward messages, wholesale. Wholesale forward messages from one group to another. Doesnt read through the messages. She just forwards the messages from one group to another. Like, the other day, I got a message, Oh, chicken causes cancer. Three minutes later, Rice causes cancer. Five minutes later, Come home, chicken curry and rice for dinner. Commitment, Mother. I realized, I didnt have a very good relationship with my parents when I was growing up. And I guess I understand why. Because I wasnt a very good kid when I was growing up. Right, for instance, for instance, this is something I used to do, I used to shoplift a lot. I used to shoplift, right. I guess its a way to get attention. Right? Its a way to get attention. Its also a way for… You know, I didnt get a lot of money when I was a kid, so I thought, theres things that I wanted and I just took it right from the shops. Like, for instance, heres one thing, uh… As an example, I used to steal condoms from the shop. But, okay, look, I still do it now. I still steal condoms, not because of attention. Now, I just do it, because I cant deal with the judgment of the person behind the counter when you buy a condom, right? Its very difficult. Its very difficult. Like, when I buy condoms, I put it in the counter, they look at me, look at the condoms and go… Oh… Youre having sex, huh? Twelve pack, huh? Strawberry flavor, huh? Right, its very difficult to deal with that. Right? So what I do, I just steal it, I just stole it, right. And then… Well, it came to a time when I was 17 years old that I wanted to use one of the condoms. Basically, what Im saying is, I lost my virginity when I was 17 years old. Calm down. Dont be so happy I lost my virginity. I lost my virginity when I was 17 years old. And I found it again when I got married, though. Uh… It was in the drawer all along, right. There came a time when I had to use it, and I realized, at that time, in the 90s, I had made a mistake. Right, I had made a mistake. Instead of stealing condoms, I had stolen Femidoms. Female condoms. Right. And, look, if you dont know the difference, its the same thing, only the size of a dinner plate. I remember looking at it, going, Shit. Is that the normal size? Am I Chinese Right. When I was young, I used to watch a lot of porn movies. I used to watch a lot of porn movies. Okay, to be fair, I still watch it now. Because I am married. Do you remember the first porn movie you ever watched, bro? No. You dont watch porn, of course. No. No, of course. I dont know. I dont even know why I looked at you, right. Because you look like the kind of guy I wanna go to your house and download your hard drive. Yeah, you look like the kind of guy I would download your hard drive, lock myself in a room for three months, come out just blind. All dissolved. But, okay, the reason I asked you is because I remember the first one I watched. It was called Sorority Girls and the Creature from Hell. Right. Its absolutely true. Google this. Google this. Its absolutely true. It does exist, right. I remember my friend… uh, got this videotape from… Brought this videotape to school. Remember VHS tapes? Do you guys remember VHS tapes? Yeah, it was on VHS tape, right. He brought it to school, told everybody that it was wrestling. But I knew what it was. I knew what it was, right. VHS tapes, the cutting-edge technology of our time. Right, the cutting-edge technology of our time. Because before that, all we had was the TV, right? And you always, like, MediaCorp, or TV1, TV2, thats all you had, right? If you wanted to, you could not… If you wanted to go to the toilet, you either had to wait for an ad break, or you had to miss two to five minutes of the movie. Right? Then, came VHS tapes. You can rewind, you can forward. You can pause. The… The pause button. It was not a pause button, it was a dance button, wasnt it? Right, you can be watching the most violent movie in the world, like Rambo. Pause. Unpause. Right? You can make any movie into a Bollywood movie, thats what Im saying. How many of you all were growing up in the 80s? Make some noise! How many of you all grew up in the 90s? Make some noise! You all can fuck off, right. Because… No, heres the thing. Heres the thing. Look at the guys who grew up in the 80s. Theyre the most innovative, the most creative, the most hardworking people in the world. You know why? You know why? Because we had to work for our porn! We had to work for our porn. Because I grew up in a time before the Internet. Before the Internet. Right now, you can download your movies, its like a high speed Internet. You dont even have to download, you can stream. We didnt have the Internet. The only thing I had was the Avon catalog. I remember the Avon catalog, my mother was an Avon lady. I used to steal the catalog, run up to the toilet, turn to page 32. Bras and panties. I remember very clearly, like, because… Heres one thing you need to understand. Like, Malaysia, we didnt have real women modeling the bras and panties. It was headless mannequins. Right, we had to imagine the breasts. Right, so we… And you know, we had to work hard for our porn. Like, do you guys remember dial Do you guys remember dial Yeah. You dont know pain. You dont know pain until youve had dial-up fucking Internet. Oh. Dial-up Internet. It was so hard. It was so hard, you had to wait till three oclock in the morning to do anything questionable. Because we all had one computer in the hall. The family computer. Right. I remember, because we… I had to wait until three oclock in the morning, right. When everybody, my father was asleep, my mother was asleep. My dog was asleep. Right, because… And my dad, my dad had a very good alarm system in the house. Right, so, whenever we wanted to go down the stairs, he knew immediately because we had creaky stairs. Right, so every time… He knew. He knew we were going. But what we did was, me and my brother, we came, we sat down, we came up with a plan. Right, we sat down, we came up with a plan. Right. Because we knew, my father snores very loudly. So what we did was, we timed our steps… with the snoring. Right, so every time… But then, there was a flaw in the plan, because, sometimes, sometimes, my father would turn to his side and stop snoring. So, it was like… And I was stuck there for hours. And when we did finally get downstairs, we had to turn on the computer. Turn on the computer. And then, half an hour later, when the computer has started up. Windows fucking NT. Then we had to turn on the loudest thing you have ever heard… in your entire life. Which was the 56K modem. It sounds like youre molesting a Decepticon, you know? Why the hell did they have to make it so loud? Right. It was difficult because you had to… You… Oh, you couldnt download movies, you couldnt download… anything, you couldnt download GIFs or so. You had to download still pictures. Still pictures, right? Only pictures. Right. Which is bad, because you had to imagine the movements yourself. Unless youre a little bit creative and you download two pictures and go… Which is very difficult, right? Because you have to work the mouse and the joystick at the same time. Some kind of hand-eye coordination. It took 20 minutes to download one picture. Twenty minutes to download one picture. I only lasted for three. Hey, Im not ashamed to admit this. Im not ashamed to admit this. Ive masturbated to Pamela Andersons forehead so many times. I dont even know what she looks like. But, yeah, VHS tape. Sorority Girls and the Creature from Hell. I remember, I was alone at home. It was going to be… a good day. I went home, I made myself some Milo. It was going to be… a good day. Put in the tape and start rewinding. It was going to be a good day. And then my mother… comes home early from work that day to spend more time with her son. I know, right. And thats when I learned the most valuable lesson I have ever learned in my entire life. Which was… VHS tapes never ejected in an emergency. I remember my mom coming in through the gate, and Im like, Eject, eject, eject! Nothing came out. Great. Im like, I panicked, I panicked, I turned everything off. I turned on the TV, my mom walks in, shes like, Kavin, what are you doing? Im watching the news. And shes like, Kavin, if youre watching the news, why dont you have any pants on? And why is there an Avon catalog next to you? I ran upstairs. I ran upstairs to the sanctuary of my room. As a 14-year-old boy, the only sanctuary you have is your room. Right? And, ladies and gentlemen, Im not, Im not a religious man. But that day… That day, I was a Catholic priest. I was 14 years old and molesting myself. Everybody, calm down. I prayed, and I prayed, and I prayed. Ive never prayed so hard before in my life. I prayed that my mother would not find the VHS tape inside the VCR. And when I needed Him the most, ladies and gentlemen, He did not answer my prayers. Because my mother did not come home to spend more time with her son, no. She came home because she wanted to watch her favorite Indian drama… that she recorded the night before. And she thought the tape was already inside. And she just presses play. To be fair, she didnt realize it was a different movie. Right, for the first half an hour, she didnt realize, she was just looking at it, going… What happened to their saris? She called me downstairs. She called me downstairs, and she looked at me, and she said, Sorority Girls and the Creature from Hell. She had the tape in her hands, suddenly ejected. Sorority Girls and the Creature from Hell. How dare you bring this into my house? How dare you bring this into my house? And then she says the most terrifying words you can say to a 14-year-old boy. Which is, Wait till your father comes home. Well, that was terrifying… That was terrifying for me. Especially, because both my parents used to beat me. Lets face it. Both my parents used to beat me all the time. Right, and, to be fair, I deserved most of the beatings. Right. Because if I wasnt beaten, I would not be here telling you jokes. Ill be outside robbing you. So, fair enough. But my father was hardcore. And my father was hardcore. My father had two sons. He sat us both down and said, The reason I had two sons, is because, one day, I know Im gonna kill one of you. And if Im being honest, I miss my brother. I prayed and I prayed and I prayed that my father would not come home. I was the only child in the entire world that prayed his father dont come home. He did not answer my prayers. Because my father did come home that night. And my mom obviously told him the whole story. She told him the whole story. He knows what happened, right, but he decided to ask me. Right. Sorority Girls and the Creature from Hell. What is this? I looked at him and said, Its a horror movie. Because I had hope, right? And thats when he looked at me, and said, Sorority Girls and the Creature from Hell. Horror movie, huh? Lets watch it. Right. He puts in the tape and starts rewinding it. Here I am, with my father… my mother, my brother, and my grandmother… all watching porn. Like its some kind of family activity. As you can imagine, it was awkward as hell, right. My mother was screaming, How dare you bring this into my house? How dare you bring this into my house? My grandmother going, Why arent they wearing any saris? My mother was screaming, How dare you bring this into my house? How dare you bring this into my house? My brother was flipping through the Avon catalog at this point. How dare you bring this into my house? How dare you bring this into my house? My dog was humping my leg. How dare you bring this into my house? How dare you bring this into my house? My father went, Shut up! The creature from hell is not even out yet! Ladies and gentlemen, thank you so much for listening to my stories. Thank you so much for making tonight so special. Thank you, everyone. Good night.

JOHN MULANEY@KID GORGEOUS AT RADIO CITY@2018@[organ music playing] Welcome to Radio City Music Hall. Its time. Any questions? No. Walk with me. [eerie organ music playing] [mechanical whirring] [audience applauding and cheering] Good evening. Hi, Im John Mulaney, nice to meet you. Jon Brion, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you for coming to see me at Radio City Music Hall. I love to play venues where if the guy that built the venue could see me on the stage, he would be a little bit bummed about it. Look at this. This is so much nicer than what Im about to do. Its really… Its really tragic. What a historic and beautiful and deeply haunted building this is. I keep walking through cold spots being like, I wonder who that used to be. Ive never seen a ghost, by the way. I asked my mom if shed ever seen a ghost. Thats where were at conversation-wise in our relationship as a mother and son, because Im 35 and I dont have any children to talk about and she doesnt understand my career. So I was home for Christmas and we were just eating Triscuits in silence and I was staring at the floor and I was like, Well, here goes nothing. ‘You ever seen a ghost? And my mom said, Yes. Which is the best answer. She said, I never told you this before but our house, when you were growing up, was haunted. I said, Say more right now! She said, Outside you and your brothers room, I used to see the ghost of a little girl in a Victorian nightgown and then she would walk down the hallway and then she would evaporate. And then my dad said, Lets change the subject! And I think he was just doing that dad-thing of, like, This is a weird topic and I want to talk about a book I read about World War II. But the way it came off was that he definitely killed that little girl. Lets change the subject! Why are we even talking about Penelope… or whatever her name was? I didnt kill her! Whoever did kill her only did it to protect her from this world. None of us really know our fathers. Anyway… My dad is so weird. Id love to meet him someday. You know, my friend was telling me that his dad used to beat him with a belt and thats just the setup to my story, so… Forget about that poor son of a bitch. Anyway… He was talking and I was waiting for him to be done so I could talk. So hes talk, talk, talk. Its my turn next! And… [audience laughing] I said, My dad never hit us. My dad is a lawyer and he was a debate team champion. So he would pick us apart psychologically. One time I was at the dinner table when I was like six, because I had to be. My dad goes, How was school today? I said, It was good but someone pushed Tyler off the seesaw. And where were you? I was over on the bench. And what did you do? Nothing. I was over on the bench. But you saw what happened? Yeah, cause I was over on the bench. So you saw what happened and you did nothing? Yeah, cause I was sitting over on the bench. Let me ask you this. In Nazi Germany… [audience laughing]  …when people saw what the Nazis were doing and did nothing, were those good people? No, those are bad people. You gotta stop the Nazis. But you saw what they were doing to Tyler and you did nothing! Because I was over on the bench. And then my dad said, Just explain to me this. How are you better than a Nazi? And then my mom said, I made a salad with Craisins! And the conversation ended. My dads a very weird, informal guy. A lot of people ask me if he gave me a sex talk. Yes. I think. I was like 12 years old and my dad walked up to me and he said, Hello… [chuckles] Hello, Im Chip Mulaney. Im your father. And then he said the following, You know,  Leonard Bernstein… was one of the great composers and conductors of the 20th century, but sometimes he would be gay. And according to a biography I read of him, when he was holding back the gay part, he did some of his best work. [audience laughing] Now we dont have time to unpack all of that. And I dont know if he was discouraging me from being gay or encouraging me to be a classical composer. But that is how he thought to phrase it to a 12-year-old boy. How would that ever work? Like years later, Id be in college about to go down on some rocking twink and Id be like, Wait a second… What would Leonard Bernstein do? Ive never talked to my dad about that, but I figured I would tell all of you. [audience laughing] This is so great. Thank you for coming. Youre here. Thats great. You all showed up. -[audience cheering] -I appreciate it. And then we showed up so you got to see the things that you paid to see. Thats great. You dont always get to see the things that you paid to see. Ever been to the goddamn zoo? Those guys are never where theyre supposed to be. Every time I go to the zoo Im like, Hey, wheres the jaguar? And the zoo guy is like, He must be in the inside part. The inside part? Tell him were here. [audience laughing] I love doing stand-up for crowds because this right here, this reminds me of assembly in grade school. And assembly was the only part of school I ever liked. Once you leave school, you dont get to have assembly. This is the closest we get in adult life to assembly. ‘Cause look at you all, youre just sitting there in chairs, looking at a guy with absolutely no expertise, whos going to talk for a while. Although this is different than assembly because you bought tickets, you knew this was coming. Assembly you never knew was coming when you were a kid. You just showed up at 8:00 a.m. and they were like, Put down your stuff. Go to the gym. Youre like, God, I guess theyre finally going to kill us all. All right. This is younger than I thought I would be but we are pretty big assholes. You get to the gym and the whole school is sitting on the floor. Youre like, What are we, about to graduate from Tuesday? My principal would always come out to kick things off. Shed be like, Children, rather than continue to teach you how to read, we have cleared the entire day for this random guy. [imitating New York accent] I used to smoke crack! As you seven and eight-year-olds probably know, freebasing is the greatest orgasm known to man. But Im here to tell you theres hope. Ive been sober now two weeks. Well, weekdays, not weekends. Weekends, thats Nunzios time. I was once in assembly listening to a guy talk about smoking crack. My social studies teacher yelled at me, Sit up straight! Show some respect. I was like, Hes smoking cocaine. Sit up straight? Hes standing on a 45-degree angle. Or, as junkies call it, first position. [audience laughing] I always got yelled at at assembly. Thats right. There was always assembly and then, like, that second assembly to yell at you for how you behaved at the first assembly. Theyd be like, Get in here! Sit down. I want to talk about what happened yesterday. Youre like eight years old, Whats yesterday? We invite a woman here with homemade puppets to teach you about bullying through skits and you laugh at this woman? We noticed you had all been bullying each other and making fun of everything constantly. So we invite a woman with straight gray hair, in a denim dress, with a wrist-cast and homemade puppets that all have the same voice to teach you about bullying through skits, and you, ha-ha-ha, laugh it up. What was so funny about that woman? I want to know. What was so funny about when she couldnt fit the box of puppets back into the trunk of her Dodge Neon? What was so hilarious that you all ran to the windows? Well, you all missed a valuable lesson on the danger of cliques. Whats a clique? Its when a group of people hang out together. Oh, you mean like having friends? No, because these people make fun of other people. Oh, you mean like having friends? [audience laughing] The greatest assembly of them all, once a year, Stranger Danger. Yeah, the hottest ticket in town. The Bruno Mars of assemblies. You are gathered together as a school and you are told never to talk to an adult that you dont know and you are told this by an adult that you dont know. We had the same Stranger Danger speaker every year when I was a kid, his name was Detective JJ Bittenbinder. Go ahead and laugh. His name is ridiculous. That was his name. It was JJ Bittenbinder. He was from the Chicago Police Department. He was a child homicide expert and… -[audience is silent] -Oh, gee. [audience laughing] Very sorry, Radio City, did that make you uncomfortable? Well, guess what? Youre adults and hes not even here. So try being seven years old and youre sitting five feet away from him. Hes still got blood on his shoes. And hes looking at you in the eye to tell you for the first time in your very young life that some adults find you incredibly attractive. [audience laughing] And they may just have to kill you over it. Okay, cest la vie, go be kids, go have fun. Bittenbinder came every year. By the way, Detective JJ Bittenbinder wore three-piece suits. He also wore a pocket watch. Two years in a row, he wore a cowboy hat. He also had a huge handlebar mustache. None of that matters, but its important to me that you know that. He did not look like his job description. He looked like he should be the conductor on a locomotive powered by confetti. But, instead, he made his living in murder. He was the weirdest goddamn person I ever saw in my entire life. He was a man most acquainted with misery. He could look at a child and guess the price of their coffin. [audience laughing] That line never gets a laugh. But once you write it, it stays in the act forever. So Bittenbinder came every year with a program to teach us about the violent world waiting for us outside the school gym, and that program was called Street Smarts! Time for Street Smarts with Detective JJ Bittenbinder. Shut up! Youre all gonna die. Street Smarts! That was the general tone. He would give us tips to deal with crime. I will share some of the tips with you this evening. Okay, tip number one. Street Smarts! Lets say a guy pulls a knife on you to mug you. You remember the scourge of muggings when you were in second and third grade. You know how a mugger thinks. Man, I need cash for drugs right now. Hey, maybe that eight-year-old with the goddamn Aladdin wallet that only has blank photo laminate pages in it will be able to help. Lets say a guy pulls a knife on you to mug you. What do you do? You go fumbling for your wallet. And you go fumbling for your wallet. Well, in that split-second, thats when hes going to stab you. So heres what you do. You kids get yourselves a money clip. Okay, you can get these at any haberdashery. You put a $50 bill in the money clip then when a guy flashes a blade, you go, ‘You want my money, go get it! Then you run the other direction. And our teachers were like, Write that down. [audience laughing] Were like, Buy a money clip. Engraved, question mark? You go home to your parents. Hey, Dad. Can I have a silver money clip with a $50 bill in it, please? Dont worry. Im only going to chuck it into the gutter and run away at the first sign of trouble. The man with the mustache told me to do it. Tip number two. Street Smarts! Lets say a kidnapper throws you in the back of a trunk… This was at nine in the morning. [audience laughing] Lets say a kidnapper throws you in the back of a trunk. Dont panic. [chuckles] Once you get your bearings… find the carpet that covers the taillight, peel back the carpet, make a fist, punch the taillight out the back of the car, thus creating a hole in the back of the automobile, then stick your little hand out and wave to oncoming motorists to let them know that something hinky is going on. Can you imagine driving behind that? [imitating a thud] I think theyre turning left. [audience laughing] Tip number three. Street Smarts! You kids have no upper body strength. And we were like, We know but, hey. If some guy tries to grab you, you cant fight him with fists. So heres what you do. You kids fall down on your back and you kick upward at him. Thatll throw him off his rhythm. That was a big thing with Bittenbinder, throwing pedophiles off their rhythm. Hes not gonna know how to fight back with two little sneakers coming at him. [audience laughing] If the Lindbergh baby had steel-toe boots, hed still be alive today. Street Smarts! Yeah, he was not a spoonful of sugar helps the medicine go down kind of guy. He was more like, Brush your teeth. Now, boom, orange juice. Thats life. Bittenbinder, he didnt want us to not get kidnapped. He wanted us to almost get kidnapped and then fight the guy off using weird, psych-out, back-room Chicago violence. Like heres what he wanted to see on the news. Were here with seven-year-old John Mulaney who fended off a kidnapper earlier today. How did you do it, John? [imitating heavy Chicago accent] Well, thank ya for askin. I used the Bittenbinder method. When I saw the perp approachin, I chewed up a tab of Alka-Seltzer I carry with me at all times. This created a foaming-at-the-mouth appearance that made it look like I had rabies. Now Ive thrown him off his rhythm. Then I reach into his jacket pocket where I had planted a gram of coke and I went, ‘Whoa! What the fuck is this? And he goes, ‘Thats not mine. I never seen that before. I go, ‘Boo-hoo, its in your jacket. Youre doing two to ten and your kids are going into Social Services. Now hes cryin! Then I grab a telephone book and I beat him on the torso with it. ‘Cause as any Chicago cop will tell ya, a phone book doesnt leave bruises. Well, that was seven-year-old John Mulaney, currently being sued for police brutality. [audience laughing] Bittenbinder told me things that haunt me to this day. He came one year for assembly. He goes, Okay, when you get kidnapped… Not if, when. [audience laughing] Okay, so when you get kidnapped, the place where the guy grabs ya, in the biz we call that the primary location. Okay. Your odds of coming back alive from the primary location, about 60%. But if you are taken to a secondary location, your odds of coming back alive are slim to none. I am 35 years old and I am still terrified of secondary locations. If Im at a place, I never want to go to another place. Ill be at a wedding reception and someonell be like, You coming to the hotel bar after? Were all gonna get drinks and keep the party going. Im like, Nah, sister. Youre not getting me to no secondary location. You want it? Go get it! Street Smarts! Stay alert out there. I thought I was going to be murdered my entire childhood. In high school people were like, What are your top three colleges? I was like, Top three colleges? I thought I would be dead in a trunk with my hand hanging out of the taillight by now. I went to college. For the whole time. Holy shit, right? I just got a letter from my college, which was fun cause mail, you know? So I open up the letter and they said, Hey, John, its college. You remember? I say, Yes, of course. And they said… How did they phrase it? They said, Give us some money! [audience laughing] As a gift! We want a gift! But only if its money. I found this peculiar. You see, what had happened, New York, was that when I was a student, I had paid them tuition money. Every semester, two semesters a year, for four years. I dont remember exactly what it was, but rounding up, back in 1999 dollars, it was about $15,000 a semester, two semesters a year, for four years. So it was about $30,000 a year for four years. So it was about $120,000, okay? So roughly speaking, I gave my college about $120,000. Okay, so you might say that I already gave them $120,000 and now you have the audacity to ask me for more money. What kind of a cokehead relative… [audience cheering] What kind of a cokehead relative is my college? You spent it already? I gave you more money than the Civil War cost and you fucking spent it already? Wheres my money? I felt like Jimmy Stewart in Its a Wonderful Life when hes screaming at his uncle Billy. [as Jimmy Stewart] Wheres the money? Wheres that money, you fat motherfucker? Wheres my money? Stay down on the ground, you motherfucker! Thats not the dialogue. But do you remember that scene from Its a Wonderful Life? Great movie, Frank Capra, 1946. A hundred and twenty thousand dollars! I have friends I went to college with and theyre like, You should donate and be a good alumnus. And they wear shirts that say school and its like, look… if youre an adult still giving money to your college, college is a $120,000 hooker and you are an idiot who fell in love with her. Shes not going to do anything else for you. Its done. In their letter they were like, Hey, its been a while since youve given us money. I was like, Hey, its been a while since youve housed and taught me. I thought our transaction was over. I gave you $120,000 and you gave me a weird cinder block room with a Reservoir Dogs poster on it and the first real heartbreak of my life, and probably HPV, and then we called it a day. Probably. [audience laughing] Also, what did I get for my money? What is college? [babbles] [audience laughing] Stop going until we figure it out. Because I went to college, I have no idea what it was. I went to college, I was 18 years old, I looked like I was 11. I lived like a goddamn Ninja Turtle. I didnt drink water the entire time. I lived on cigarettes and alcohol and Adderall. College was like a four-year game show called Do My Friends Hate Me or Do I Just Need to Go to Sleep? But instead of winning money, you lose $120,000. By the way, I agreed to give them $120,000 when I was 17 years old. With no attorney present. Thats illegal. They tricked me. They tricked me like Brendan Dassey on Making a Murderer. They tricked me like poor Brendan. They pulled me out of high school. I was in sweatpants, all confused. Two guys in clip-on ties are like, Come on, son, do the right thing. Sign here and be an English major. And I was like, Okay. Yes, you heard me, an English major. -I paid $120,000. -[audience cheering] How dare you clap? How dare you clap for the worst financial decision I ever made in my life? I paid $120,000 for someone to tell me to go read Jane Austen and then I didnt. [audience laughing] Thats the worst use of 120 grand I can possibly fathom. Other than if you, like, bought a duffel bag of fake cocaine. No, I take it back. Thats a better use of the money, cause I know youd be disappointed when you open up the duffel bag and you realize its not real cocaine, its like powdered baby aspirin or whatever they do. But at least you have baby aspirin. And maybe you have a baby and one day your baby goes, Oh, my head, and you go, Hey, Ive got something for you! Come here, little guy. And you dump it out on a mirror. You make it nice for the baby. You make it nice. You cut it up into lines with your laundry card or whatever and you make it nice, and your baby takes his sippy-cup straw and he holds it in his little ravioli-sized baby fist and he leans over– [snorts] and he snorts up the baby aspirin, and he gets rid of his baby headache, plus you get a duffel bag! [audience laughing] That is way better than walking across a stage at graduation, hungover, in a gown, to accept a certificate for reading books that I didnt read. [audience laughing] Strolling across a stage, the sun in my eyes, my family watching as I sweat vodka and ecstasy, to receive a four-year degree in a language that I already spoke. [audience cheering] I dont mean to sound down on donating. [chuckles] Its good to give to charities, you know. My wife and I just gave a bunch of stuff to Goodwill. We were moving apartments, we had a bunch of clothes and furniture, so we made a whole day out of it. We made these big piles of clothes, we put the piles into these big boxes, then we put the boxes into the back of my car, and then they stayed there for four months. And then one day my wife said, Hey, you took that stuff to Goodwill, right? And I said, Of course I did! On an unrelated note, Im going to walk out the front door right now. So then I had to speed to Goodwill really fast. It was charitable, but it was also fast and violent, because I was throwing boxes at people. The boxes were so heavy I couldnt even say what was in them. I was like, This ones shirts. I got a bunch of shirts! Take em away! The guy tried to give me a big receipt. Hes like, Take this receipt for the clothing for your taxes. How do I write that on my taxes? Dear IRS, please deduct from my federal income tax one XXL Billabong T-shirt from youth. It was too big. My mom said it could be a sleep shirt. Please deduct this from my 2017 income. That sleep shirt bullshit. Well, if its too big you can just wear it as a sleep shirt. No, I get that, Mom, but why dont we just tell our relatives that Im a four-year-old boy and I dont wear a mans XXL T-shirt? Because we dont say that when someone gives us a gift because that would not be polite. Oh, I get it. So rather than violate these meaningless politeness rules, Ill just go to bed in a smock like goddamn Ebenezer Scrooge. Why dont you give me a candle for looking in the mirror and a floppy hat and Ill tremble off to bed in my long Victorian nightgown? Was there ever even a ghost, Mother, or was the dead Victorian girl you saw just me all along? [audience cheering] So thats why you cant give to charity. Im kidding. I like to throw an Im kidding at the ends of jokes now, in case the jokes are ever played in court. You ever heard a joke played in court? Never goes well. Theyre like, ‘And thats why you shouldnt give… to charity. Is that something you find funny, Mr. Mulaney? Um… at the time. [chuckles] I found out recently that jokes dont do well in court. So, some friends of mine were sued in college for property damage. And they were guilty. And the lawsuit dragged on for years and years and eventually I got a call when I was 28 years old. It was my friend from college, he said, Hey, that lawsuit with my neighbor is still dragging on and my neighbor just subpoenaed all my emails from college that mention him or the lawsuit. And I said, Thats crazy. But why are you calling me? And he said, Because you should be concerned. [audience laughing] He said, I have an email here from junior year where I wrote, ‘Hey, guys, Im going to miss practice tonight because I have to meet with my neighbor about that lawsuit thing. And you replied, ‘Hey, do you want me to kill that guy for you? Because it sounds like he sucks and I will totally kill that guy for you. Okay. See you at improv practice. [audience laughing] Of all the sentences in that email I would be ashamed to have read out loud in a court of law, I think the top one is See you at improv practice. Strange, the passage of time. Im not that old. Im 35, that is not old. But I am in a new phase right before old called gross. [audience laughing] I never knew about this, but I am now gross. I am damp all the time. I am damp now and I will be damp later. [chuckles] Like the back of a dolphin, my back. I am slick. The butt part of my pants is a little damp a lot and I dont think its anything serious… but isnt it, though? And… Ill be sitting at a restaurant and Ill get up and Ill be like, What did I sit in? And it was me. Im gross now. Ive been talking through burps. I never used to do this. When I was a kid and I wanted to burp, Id be like, Silence! Blagh! Now Im trying to push em down and muscle through em. Ill be at dinner, just doing the bread and the seltzer, filling up like a hot air balloon, and then Im like… [belches] Did you say you were going to Italy? Because we have a travel– She has a travel agent if– [exhales] Im going to the kitchen, does anyone need anything? From the… [belches] Anyone need anything? Just take a pause, John! Im gross. I have hair on my shoulders now. I dont even have a joke for that. Thats how much I hate that shit. [audience laughing] I was sitting up in bed a few weeks ago like… [groans] You know, life. And my wife was rubbing my shoulders, which was very nice of her, but then she started singing to herself. Monkey, monkey, monkey man. [audience laughing] Monkey, monkey, monkey man. Not at me. Not to be mean. This was a song from deep in her subconscious. I dont even think she was aware she was singing it. But it was certainly not the first time she had sung it. I dont know what my body is for other than just taking my head from room to room. [audience laughing] And its not getting any better. Im 35, but Im still like, Hey, when am I going to get big and strong? This is it. Its just going to be this. Im like an iPhone, its going to be worse versions of this every year, plus I get super hot in the middle of the afternoon for no reason. As I get older, its tough to not get grumpy. Its tempting. I get grumpy about some things. Like, I cant listen to any new songs because every new song is about how tonight is the night and how we only have tonight. That is such 19-year-old horseshit. I want to write songs for people in their 30s called Tonights No Good, How About Wednesday? Oh, Youre in Dallas on Wednesday? Okay. Well, Lets Just Not See Each Other for Eight Months And It Doesnt Matter at All. [audience cheering] Im trying to stay nice though, because when I was a kid, I was raised that you should be nice to everyone in every situation because you never know their story. But now, at the end of my life, I dont know, because a lot of people dont seem that nice and they seem to be doing fine in the world. Or maybe they have different definitions of what it means to be nice. Thats something you figure out as you get older and meet new people. Not everyone thinks the same things are nice. You learn that especially when you get jobs. I had a very weird job in my mid-20s for about four and a half years. I was a writer right across the street over at  Saturday Night Live. It was very exciting. Yeah. [audience cheering] It was great. I loved it. If you havent seen the show, you gotta check it out. They have a host and a musical guest. Oh, my God, youre going to love it. Real quick tangent. Okay, my favorite host ever introducing a musical guest was this. The host was Sir Patrick Stewart, the great Sir Patrick Stewart, and this is how he introduced the musical guest. Ladies and gentlemen, Salt-N-Pepa! [audience laughing] Like he was surprised by Pepa. Like minutes before theyd been, Sir Patrick, we cant find Pepa anywhere. And hes like, If we must go on with Salt alone, we will go on with Salt alone! And they were like, Three, two, one, and Pepa burst through the door and hes like, Ladies and gentlemen, Salt and… whats this? Pepa! Famous people are weird as shit. Theyre all weird. Your suspicions are correct. And they would all come in to Saturday Night Live and theyd have to meet with me because I was a little rat writer and theyd have to talk about the sketches. Theyd sit on my office couch that had like bed bugs and stuff. It was great. Like, they were famous, but it was my couch. Itd be like if you went into your childhood bedroom and Joe DiMaggio was sitting there. Yeah, hes Joe DiMaggio, hes a legend, he had sex with Marilyn Monroe, but only you know where the bathroom is. [audience laughing] Everyone always wants to know if famous people are nice. Like Mick Jagger. He came in to host the show. My friends were all like, Is he nice? No! Or maybe he is… for his version of life. Because he has a very different life. Hes Mick Jagger. Thats his name. Hes played to stadiums of 20,000 people cheering for him like hes a god for 50 years. That must change you as a person. If you do that for 50 years, youre never again going to be like, Um, does anyone have a laptop charger I could borrow? None of that bullshit way we all have to talk to get through life. [in plaintive voice] Hi. Knock, knock. Sorry. Thats how I walk into rooms. I am 35 years old, I am six feet tall. I lower myself, I go, Hi. Knock, knock. I say knock, knock out loud. Mick Jagger didnt talk like that. Mick Jagger talked like this. Hed go, Yes! No! Yes! I pitched him a joke and he went, Not funny! [audience laughing] I mean, people say that on the internet, but never to your face does a British billionaire in leather pants go, Not funny! I spent two hours alone with Mick Jagger that week. We were writing song lyrics, it was for a fake song in a comedy sketch. And he was sitting there, and we came to one point and he goes, All right, ‘Lets all go to the picnic, lets all have a drink. Lets see, what rhymes with drink? And I said… Think? And Mick Jagger said, No! [audience laughing] And then I said, Sink? And Mick Jagger said… Yeah! And I was like, Motherfucker, is this how you write songs? Just one word at a time with verbal abuse? All right, ‘I cant get no… -Happiness? -No! -Satisfaction? -Yeah! All right! Next sentence! Space bar. Indent. Space bar. Mick Jagger would go like this, Diet Coke! And one would appear in his hand. Now thats not nice, right? The way I was raised, youre supposed to say, May I please have a Diet Coke, please? And then maybe you will get one. And I bet all of you were taught to say please and thank you. But if all of us could go, Diet Coke! and one would appear in our hand, wed do it all day long. Even if you dont like Diet Coke, youd just summon em so you could chuck em at oncoming cars. Famous people are often rude because theyre used to getting things really quickly. I bet a lot of us are pretty polite. But as soon as we get things quickly, we start to get ruder and ruder. Look at technology, its faster than ever and were ruder than ever. People walk around on the phone now, Hello? You still there? Lost him. And thats it. No follow-through with that guy. Fifty years ago, if you were on the telephone with your friend and suddenly the line just went dead, that meant your friend was murdered. The phone used to be a big deal. It was a long, polite process. Back in the 1940s, the phone was like a wood box… with a thing on it. I dont know. It had its own room. Youd go, Thats the phones room! And it was expensive. Youd wait all week to make your call. Its almost Tuesday! And then youd take the cup on the string or whatever… There werent even numbers. Youd just go, Hello? Anyone? [yells] Anyone in the world? Then youd go, Operator, ring me Neptune 5-117. And the operator was a real person that you had to be nice to. Shed be like, One moment, please. Im putting wires into a board filled with holes to move the voices around, cause it is the 40s. And it took like 90 minutes. Now people just drive around screaming at their phones like… -Call home! -Calling the mobile for Tom. Not fucking Tom! [imitating Mick Jagger] Not funny! [audience laughing] Everything was slower back in the old days cause they didnt have enough to do, so they had to slow things down to fill the time. I dont know if you read history, but back then people would wake up and go, God, its the old times. [audience laughing] Shit, I gotta wear all those layers. Theres no Zyrtec or nothing. Okay, we gotta… We gotta think of some weird slow activities to fill the day. And they did. Have you ever seen old film from the past of people just waving at a ship? [audience laughing] What if I called you now to do that? Hey, what are you doing Monday at 10:00 a.m.? All right, theres a Norwegian Cruise Line leaving for Martinique. Heres my plan, you and me get very dressed up, including hats, and then we wave handkerchiefs at it until it disappears over the horizon. No, I dont know anyone on the ship. [audience laughing] Everything is too fast now and totally unreasonable. The world is run by computers, the world is run by robots and we spend most of our day telling them that were not a robot just to log on and look at our own stuff. All day long. May I see my stuff, please? [grumbles] I smell a robot. Prove, prove, prove. Prove to me youre not a robot. Look at these curvy letters. Much curvier than most letters, wouldnt you say? No robot could ever read these. You look, mortal, if ye be. You look and then you type what you think you see. Is it an E or is it a 3? Thats up to ye. The passwords of past youve correctly guessed, but now its time for the robot test! Ive devised a question no robot could ever answer. Which of these pictures does not have a stop sign in it? Fucking what? [audience cheering] You spend most of your day telling a robot that youre not a robot. Think about that for two minutes and tell me you dont want to walk into the ocean. I just like old-fashioned things. I was in Connecticut recently, doing white people stuff. [audience cheering] Yeah. One day… Well, it doesnt matter why, but I was sitting in a gazebo, and… [audience laughing] there was a plaque on the gazebo and it said, This gazebo was built by the town in 1863. That is in the middle of the Civil War. And the whole town built a gazebo. What was that town meeting like? All right, everyone, first order of business, we have all the telegrams from Gettysburg with the war dead. Lets see here. Okay, everyones husband and brother and… everyone died. Okay. Josiah, you had something? Yes, I do. Howd you like to be indoors and out of doors all at once? Ever walk into the park with your betrothed and it starts to rain, but you still want to hold hands? Well, may I introduce you to, and my condolences again to everyone, the gazebo! [audience laughing] Building a gazebo during the Civil War, thatd be like doing stand-up comedy now. [audience laughing and applauding] Yes. Thank you for clapping at my political gazebo material. Im very brave. Ive never really cared about politics. Never talked about em much. But then, last November, the strangest thing happened. [audience laughing] Now, I dont know if youve been following the news, but Ive been keeping my ears open and it seems like everyone everywhere is super-mad about everything all the time. I try to stay a little optimistic, even though I will admit, things are getting pretty sticky. Heres how I try to look at it, and this is just me, this guy being the president, its like theres a horse loose in a hospital. Its like theres a horse loose in a hospital. I think eventually everythings going to be okay, but I have no idea whats going  to happen next. And neither do any of you, and neither do your parents, because theres a horse loose in the hospital. Its never happened before, no one knows what the horse is going to do next, least of all the horse. Hes never been in a hospital before, hes as confused as you are. Theres no experts. [audience cheering] They try to find experts on the news. Theyre like, Were joined now by a man that once saw a bird in the airport. Get out of here with that shit! Weve all seen a bird in the airport. This is a horse loose in a hospital. When a horse is loose in a hospital, you got to stay updated. So all day long you walk around, Whatd the horse do? The updates, theyre not always bad. Sometimes theyre just odd. Itll be like, The horse used the elevator? [audience laughing] I didnt know he knew how to do that. [audience laughing] The creepiest days are when you dont hear from the horse at all. [audience laughing] Youre down in the operating room like, Hey, has anyone… [audience laughing] Has anyone heard– [imitates clopping hooves] Those are those quiet days when people are like, It looks like the horse has finally calmed down. And then ten seconds later the horse is like, Im gonna run towards the baby incubators and smash em with my hooves. Ive got nice hooves and a long tail, Im a horse! Thats what I thought youd say, you dumb fucking horse. And then… [audience cheering] Then… Then you go to brunch with people and theyre like, There shouldnt be a horse in the hospital. And its like, Were well past that. Then other people are like, If theres gonna be a horse in the hospital, Im going to say the N-word on TV. And those dont match up at all. And then, for a second, it seemed like maybe we could survive the horse, and then, 5,000 miles away, a hippo was like, I have a nuclear bomb and Im going to blow up the hospital! And before we could say anything, the horse was like, If you even fucking look at the hospital, I will stomp you to death with my hooves. I dare you to do it. I want you to do it. I want you to do it so I can stomp you with my hooves, Im so fucking crazy. You think youre fucking crazy, Im a fucking hippopotamus. I live in a fucking lake of mud. Im fucking crazy. And all of us are like, Okay. Like poor Andy Cohen at those goddamn reunions. Okay. And then, for a second, we were like, Maybe the horse-catcher will catch the horse. And then the horse is like, I have fired the horse-catcher. [audience laughing] He can do that? That shouldnt be allowed no matter who the horse is. I dont remember that in Hamilton. [audience laughing] Sometimes, if you make fun of the horse, people will get upset. These are the people that opened the door for the horse. I dont judge anyone. But sometimes I ask people. I go, Hey, how come you opened the door for the horse? And they go, Well, the hospital was inefficient! [audience laughing] Or sometimes they go, If youre so mad at the horse, how come you werent mad when the last guy did this three and a half years ago? Youre beating up on the horse when the last guy essentially did the same thing five years ago. First off, get out of here with your facts. Youre like the kid at the sleepover who, after midnight, is like, Its tomorrow now! Get the fuck out of here with your technicalities. Just cause youre accurate does not mean youre interesting. That was fun when we watched Beetlejuice tonight. Dont you mean last night? Its after midnight. Why dont you get your sleeping bag and get out of my house! Take your EpiPen, take your goddamn EpiPen and get out of my house! But when people say, How come you were never mad at the last guy? I say, Because I wasnt paying attention. I used to pay less attention before it was a horse. Also, I thought the last guy was pretty smart, and he seemed good at his job, and Im lazy by nature. [audience cheering] Im lazy by nature too. So I dont check up on people when they seem okay at their job. You may think thats an ignorant answer but its not, its a great answer. If you left your baby with your mother tonight, youre not going to race home and check the nanny cam. But if you leave your baby with Gary Busey… [audience laughing] And now theres Nazis again. [audience laughing] When I was a kid Nazis was just an analogy you would use to decimate your child during an argument at the dinner table. [audience laughing] Now theres new Nazis. I dont care for these new Nazis and you may quote me on that. These new Nazis, Jews are the worst, Jews ruin everything, and Jews try to take over your life. Its like, You know what, motherfucker? My wife is Jewish. I know all that, how do you know all that? [audience laughing] Im allowed to make fun of my wife. I asked her and she said yes. [audience laughing] Ive been married for about three and a half years now -and I was going out on tour… [cheering] Thank you very much. And I love and respect my wife very much. So I said to her, Weve been married for three and a half years. And she knew that. I said, Do you mind if I still make fun of you on stage? And my wife said, Yeah, you can make fun of me. But just dont say that Im a bitch and that you dont like me. I was like, The bar is so much lower than I ever imagined. Thats it? Also, I wouldnt say that. What kind of show would that even be? Hello. My wife is a bitch! And I dont like her! Thats like a support group for men in crisis, with keynote speakers Jon Voight and Alec Baldwin. [audience laughing] Also, I would never say that, not even as a joke, that my wife is a bitch and I dont like her. That is not true. My wife is a bitch and I like her so much. [audience cheering] She is a dynamite, five-foot, Jewish bitch and shes the best. She and I have totally different styles. When my wife walks down the street, she does not give a shit what anyone thinks of her in any situation. Shes my hero. When I walk down the street, I need everybody, all day long, to like me so much. Its exhausting. My wife said that walking around with me is like walking around with someone whos running for mayor of nothing. [audience laughing] My wife and I went to Best Buy to get a TV. We didnt end up getting the TV. I was afraid that the Best Buy guy was going to be mad at me, so I bought an HDMI cable. [audience laughing] I go to the register with Anna, my wifes name Anna, shes standing next to me, I hand the guy the HDMI cable. He takes it, he scans it, he says, Do you have a Best Buy Rewards card? And I said, No, I wish! [audience laughing] And then my wife said, Jesus Christ! And fully walked away from me. Walked all the way to the laser printers and just stood there, Blair Witch style. And Im still up at the register like… [audience laughing] And the guy goes, Do you want a Best Buy Rewards card? And I said, No. Even though I had just said it was my greatest wish in life. I was hoping hed believe me, that it was secretly my great wish but that Im in an abusive marriage with little Miss Jesus Christ over here so I cant ask for the things I want in public but at home, at night, we argue about it and Im like, Youll see! One day Im going to leave you and Im going to get that Best Buy Rewards card. Shes like, Jesus Christ, youre never going to get that Best Buy Rewards card! My wife is Jewish, as I said, I was raised Catholic. We have differences in our religious upbringings and we realized this recently. Not with our kids, because we dont have any kids. People always ask us, Are you going to have kids? and we say no. And then they go, Never? Youre never going to have kids? Look, I dont know never. Fourteen years ago, I smoked cocaine the night before my college graduation. Now Im afraid to get a flu shot. People change. [audience laughing] But we dont have any kids now and its great. We have a dog though. We have a four-year-old French bulldog. Her name is Petunia. [audience cheering] The idea of people applauding for that little monster. Just… I mean, I would never tell her that you applauded. It would go right to her ego, that little monster who just rubs her vulva on the carpet while staring at me in the eye. [imitates dog snarling] I know her vulva itches and she needs to rub it, but the thumping of the back paws… Its upsetting. Im just kidding. I love Petunia very much. Shes one of my most favorite people Ive ever met in my life. Petunia likes to be very social but she cant walk very far because she has a flat face, so she cant breathe by design. But she wants to go out and meet people but we cant walk her for that long. Anyway, this is a long-winded way of saying that we bought a stroller for our dog. [audience laughing] My wife and I walk around New York City pushing Petunia the French bulldog in a stroller, and its a big stroller and it has a big black hood. And people lean in to see the baby. [audience laughing] And instead they see a gargoyle breathing like Chris Christie. [imitates dog snarling] Her paws are sweating. Were like, Hes sick. [chuckles] But religion came up with Petunia recently. My wife and I were talking about cute things that Petunia could be involved in. And I said, What if we got like a Biblical painting done with Petunia in it? And my wife is like, That would be so cute. We should do like The Last Supper. And I was like, Oh, my God, that would be so cute. We should do all different French Bulldogs as the different Apostles. And my wife was like, We should have Petunia in the middle where Jesus is, in front of the turkey. And I was like, Wait, what did you just say? [audience laughing] Did you say the turkey? And my wife said, Yeah, why? And I said… I said, Would you just answer me one question? Do you think that in da Vincis The Last Supper that Jesus of Nazareth is sitting in front of a turkey? [audience laughing] And my wife said, Yes, I do, and I said, Thank you for your honesty. Would you just– Just one more follow-up question. So then what do you think theyre celebrating? [audience laughing] What do you think… those guys are celebrating? She said, Okay, I dont get this shit because I wasnt raised Catholic and Im fucking glad I wasnt because its a fucked-up organization. I said, No. We all know that. [audience laughing] But what do you think those guys are celebrating? And my wife looked at the floor. And then she looked at me and said, Thanksgiving. [audience laughing] My family went to church every Sunday when I was a kid. My wife cannot believe this. Shes like, You went every Sunday? -Yes. -What if you were out of town? I was like, They have them out of town. I dont know if you grew up going to church and now you dont, but it can be a weird existence. Because I like to make fun of it all day long, but then if someone like Bill Maher says, Who would believe in a man up in the sky? Im like, My mommy, so shut the fuck up! [audience cheering] Stop calling my mommy dumb. If you grew up going to church and you have adult friends that didnt, they have a lot of questions. Wait, so they forced you to go? Yeah, I was five, I was forced to go everywhere. No kid is just going to church. Riding by on his Huffy, like, Whoa! Whats this place? A weird Byzantine temple with green carpeting where everyone has bad breath and I wear clothes that I hate on one of the mornings of my two days off? Lets do this. [audience laughing] But people get very suspicious. Theyre like, What did they say in there? What do they do? What did they tell you? I dont know, it was an hour. That should be the slogan for the Catholic church. Its an hour! Its a few stories, normally about a guy with a crazy name whose wife has a normal name. In that town lives Zepheriuses and his wife Rachel. How come she gets to be Rachel? On their way to Galilee, Jesus met Enos and Barak and their wives, Kylie and Lauren. And youre like, What? Thats the same joke twice. [audience laughing] Then theres the homily. If youre not Catholic, the homily is when the priest does a book report that is also stand-up comedy. [audience laughing] It normally begins with a charming anecdote that is fake and never happened. A woman was at a shopping mall with her young son. What was the womans name? Hey, Father, what was the name of the shopping mall? Your story doesnt have a lot of details. You only had a week to work on it and youve had the book for 2,000 years. [audience laughing] And then theres some songs normally sung by an usher. One of these ushers that opens the door for you and gives you the pamphlet and they all look like Marco Rubio. [audience laughing] That guy will get up and sing into the microphone. Hes not a singer… cause hes not good at it. But he tries. He sings the Psalms. Remember the Psalms? Theyre not songs cause they dont rhyme and theyre not good. Theyre perfectly named, theyre not quite songs, theyre Psalms. Its a word youre meant to mishear. Im gonna sing a Psalm today. Whats that? Youre gonna sing a song? Yeah. Its a Psalm. And then these guys get up in front of everyone and theyre like… ? The bread of God is bread ? ? He will bring us bread ? ? No one but the one from Jericho ? ? Can bring bread to bread ? And then the guy goes like this. [audience laughing] And that means were supposed to sing our lines, except we dont know our lines for shit. Wheres that pamphlet? Wheres that pamphlet they gave us? Move the jackets. Ah-ha-ha! ? The bread of bread is bread ? ? Bread is God is bread ? Its just dads singing so loud, thinking thatll somehow get their kids to sing. ? Bread is God is bread ? ? Is God is bread ? ? Is God is bread… ? Sing, goddamn it! My dad once grabbed me by the shirt and lifted me up during church and said, God cant hear you. [audience laughing] Goodnight, New York. Thank you very much. [audience cheering] [Lithium playing on organ] [organist and audience singing Lithium chorus] [audience cheering]

EDDIE GRIFFIN@UNDENIABLE@2018@[???] [notification beep] [???] [cheers and applause] [???] Whats happening, yall? Wassup, Boston? [cheers] Go on, sit down sit down, yall. Lets get at it! Yes, indeed, feedeede. I had to come to Boston and finish it off cause right now, nigga, the world is fucked up, nigga. nigga, you got hurricanes the size of Texas, yunderstand me? And its attackin the motherfuckers that voted for the orange motherfucker. [applause and cheers] ‘Cause yall know every hurricane start on the coast of Africa where they picked us up at. Them aint hurricanes. Them is ol niggas spirits. You motherfuckers! [cheers and applause] Its all about white privilege, nigga. Dont get it twisted with this orange avengin motherfucker they got in the White House. Yeah, thats what I call him, the Orange Avenger. ‘Cause white people want a hero, nigga. Yknow what I mean? Its after eight years of Obama, they like We need somebody to save us from the tyranny of nigga s. Who is it? The Orange Avenger! I dont understand you white folks. Yall are really some pussy motherfuckers. I aint gonna fight with ya or mix words. Im not gonna give you an excuse for your innate ability to be racist motherfuckers and think everybody else supposed to deal with your shit. You need to get the fuck over yourself. [cheers and applause] Yall soft. You couldnt handle eight years of a nigga bein in charge. nigga, we dealt with 450-plus years of you motherfuckers runnin this country in the ground. We didnt go crazy. [cheers] Yunderstand me? Yall fucked it up for 400-plus years. It only took us eight years to fix it. Yall been back for eight or nine months and fucked it up again. [cheers and applause] White people, sometimes you gotta let go and let God. How you vote for a orange motherfucker? I thought yall said yall hated colored people. You dont get more colored than this motherfucker. He orange with pissy yellow hair. Look like he spent the night at R. Kelly house. [cheers and applause] And the motherfucker dirt dumb! I dont even know if yall know what dirt dumb is. This motherfucker is so dumb he had a thought and it hurt. He lie every time he opens his mouth. He told broke white people whatever they wanted to hear. Thats how he got they vote. [Man] Yeah! All the trailer trash wanna know is that they better than a nigga. [Man] Yeah. – Trump promised them everything. I promise you gonna be better than the nigga. Trump said we gonna be better than a nigga. Im gonna be better than that Jagger-Jagger nigga. Im gonna be better than that Diddy-Diddy nigga. Im gonna be better than that Griffin nigga. [shouting] Better than a nigga. Yaint better than a nigga yet, are you? And then he promised them a wall. Where yall wall at, white folks? What happened to the wall? Where is this– Theres no wall. ‘Cause the wall aint comin, you stupid motherfuckers. And he always talking that shit, Well, China built the Great Wall of China. Heres what this orange motherfucker dont understand. Theres about one trillion Chinese. If each one of them grab a brick and toss it: wall. It wasnt that hard. It probably took 35 seconds. Theres only 270 million Americans. Most of us are incarcerated. We aint got enough motherfuckers outta jail to pick up a brick! And lets say they actually gave this fool the billions of dollars it would cost to build this monstrosity. nigga, let me show you how easy it is for a Mexican to circumvent this shit. The walls gonna end on the coast, right? California. That means its gonna end at the ocean. Heres all the Mexican gotta do… Walk right around that motherfucker. They so racist they stupid. You cant stop a Mexican. Shit. nigga, I got a Mexican. Youre not gettin mine. Every nigga in here got a Mexican. No black man has cut our own yard since 94, 95. A Mexican will cut a football field, nigga. Five dollars. Ask a nigga to cut some grass. We go, Ill cut your motherfuckin throat. nigga, I sell dope. I make ten Gs a day. Bitch, whats your problem? Fuck outta here with that fuckboy shit. Let me explain somethin to you. You better hope the Mexicans dont go nowhere. They pick all the vegetables, all the fruits. nigga, theyll pick a whole field for 25 cents. [applause] You get rid of Mexicans, nigga, your carrot is gonna cost $3,000. Salads is goin up to $1,500, nigga. And if you motherfuckers think a nigga is goin back to pick anything… [cheers and applause] My pickin years are over, motherfucker! [cheers] All we gonna do is pick what side of the jaw to crack you in, you motherfucker. nigga, we had the smartest president in the history of this country. [Woman] Yes! – With Barack Obama. [cheers and applause] If you dont agree with that statement, pffft, go home, look in the mirror, you a racist motherfucker. Barack Obama taught law at Harvard University. Harvard, the number one law school on Earth. That mean that niggas the law. Thats why Congress couldnt fade him for eight years, nigga. Hes smarter than all of them. This niggas a different kind. This one heres a thinker. What ya gonna do about it? Not a goddamn thing! We aint gonna do shit for eight years, and we aint gonna give this jigaboo an extra dollar. They didnt give that brotha an extra dollar for eight years. And he still balanced the budget. ‘Cause you white folks forgot somethin about us nigga s. nigga s know how to do the most with the least. [cheers and applause] [whistles] See, Barack treated the whole country like a nigga treat our household budget. You go on, now nigga s know how to move money. You gonna pay that? No, nigga move that over there. Aint you gonna pay the gas bill? Fuck no! Its summertime. Pay the electric bill. We need the air conditioning. If ya pay the gas bill in the wintertime, motherfucker. We need the heat. Priorities, motherfucker. Priorities. They hated Obama, nigga, because he was everything they wished they could be. [Man] Thats right. nigga, Obama has swag, nigga. [Man] Yeah. – Obama walk in the room. nigga, the room shut down. [screech noise] The nigga had jokes for that ass. We had the finest First Lady. [Audience] Yeah! – In the history of this motherfuckin country. In my humble opinion. If Michelle, so motherfuckin fine, intelligent nigga. Chocolate mother. She had an ass, nigga… You know what I mean? Its the first time there was an ass in that goddamn raggedy White House. She was too much a queen to even be in that fucked-up shit. Every time she walked out the front door of the White House, nigga, the whole country said, Goddamn! Secret Service used to walk behind her. Here, let me carry that, help you. Help you carry that. Now you got this flat booty, ironin board back Trump wife. nigga, she aint got no ass at all. She come out, the whole country like, Whatever. Secret Service standin next to her and, Hmmpf, theres nothin back there to guard. Come on. When I move, you move just like that. I dont even think shes Trumps wife. Yeah, you better see in to CNN. Come with me for a minute. I think this bitch is Putins number one KGB female agent. [cheers and applause] ‘Cause I know a killer when I see one. I grew up in the projects. That bitch got a 40-yard stare. She done killed before. She got a lotta bodies on her, nigga. You can look at that bitch stare. nigga, she on assignment like a motherfucker. Hell yeah, nigga s. ‘Cause she front his ass off every chance she get. He be tryin to shake her hand, she be like, Dont you touch me. Youre the worst assignment Ive ever been given. Im waiting on Vladimir to give me the call. Ill kill your orange ass in your sleep. [applause] Thats why that motherfucker dont sleep, nigga. He up late Tweetin like a motherfucker, Help me. Help me. Theres a Jerry Springer show goin on in that goddamn White House. I dont know what you ooohin for. He said it hisself on TV. [Man] Yes, he did! Didnt this motherfucker? He said, nigga, if that wasnt my daughter, shes so fine, wed be fuckin. I got three daughters. Every man in here that got a daughter, nigga, you dont look at your daughter sexually. The fact that that came outta that maggot motherfuckers brain lets you know what kinda sick individual you fuckin with. [cheers and applause] Let me explain somethin to my white friends here. Yall dont really know or appreciate how lucky you were that Obama was the first black president. That is truly the nicest nigga America could produce. For if it was any other nigga in here, including me… Day one of the Griffin Administration, right after the inniggaration… [cheers] White slavery! [cord cracking] Paybacks a bitch! Yalldve been some cotton-pickin motherfuckers. Under that Griffin Administration. Now dont get me wrong. Id be nice to my white slaves. Id let yall pick cotton at night. That way your skin dont burn up. You got to let your white slaves work the night shift. As soon as the sun go down, Goddammit, here we go again! And lets keep it 100, yall. I think white people coulda been slaves for about five minutes. No, they too arrogant, nigga. Theyd be out in the field, This is some fuckin bullshit! Do you have any sunscreen? Im fuckin peelin! Its fuckin hot, master. Its fuckin hot. Im gonna sue you, master nigga. Im gonna sue you, master. [laughs] [hand hitting mic] nigga, the black slave owners come out on their porch. Go on and let em go. They didnt pick nothin no goddamn way. All they do is lay on the ground and bitch about how hot it is. Them motherfuckers keep singin outta tune. Dont nobody wanna hear that shit. ‘Cause nigga, when we were indentured servants out in that hot motherfuckin sun pickin cotton, we wasnt on the ground bitchin about the heat. Them brothas and sistas were strong, nigga. nigga, they still had a song in their heart. They was out there singin their ass off. ? Jesus why ? ? Come on down and kill that honky Jesus ? Yall remember that one? nigga, that was a Top Ten Negro spiritual. Fuck yall, nigga. That motherfucker went quadruple cotton. See, we didnt have platinum back then. [sigh] I see some of you motherfuckers lookin at me like, He gonna sing ‘Go Down, Moses. I dont go back that far. I sing Kill That Honky. [laughs] nigga, if you had white slaves out in the field singin, theyd be fuckin a good song up. ? Fuckin aint right ? ? Oh no yeah right kee-kee-kee-ha ? nigga, the black master come out on his porch, What that motherfucker singin? Oh, no! Fuck that. Kill that motherfucker. Aint no devil worshippin on this plantation. This here the Lords plantation, motherfucker. What the fuck is a kee-kee-kee-ha? Now clear out. Ill pick the cotton my goddamn self. Hey, hey, slow down, nigga. Slow your ass down. Now dont you touch that big-booty white girl. No, master, I was right here on my porch. I swear that she didnt do nothin. As for the rest of them. Get them. Leave that big-booty white girl alone. Master Dick dont discriminate. Now, I dont like em, but my dick say they all right. Come right this way. Come on. Now get on in there. We gonna make some little niglets. ‘Cause whats ailin our beautiful country is racism. [Woman] Yes! – Pussy can cure racism. It has already. You wanna fix this country, start fuckin! If you dont believe me, its already happenin. Look around the room. There go two of them right there. That white boy gave up. Oh, fuck it. Im with the nigga s. ‘Cause pussy cure racism, man. That redneck motherfucker be talkin careshit. Who bein fucked by a nigga? Fuck them porch monkeys. That motherfucker get some of that chocolate pussy… [groans and moans] Well, you know theyre human. [cheers and applause] [laughs] nigga be talkin careshit. Man, fuck them honky motherfuckers. I dont trust them crackers. nigga gets some of that kink-pink. You know we got a longer stroke, nigga. [applause] nigga, theres this ol sayin. Im sure the older brothas and sistas in here done heard it before me, and it still holds water today, nigga. If God made somethin better than pussy, he kept it for himself. [applause] nigga, I dont think theres a man in this room on this Earth that can handle somethin better than pussy. Pussy already break your wallet. Dicks dont break purses. Countries have gone to war over pussy. There are no dick wars. Pussy will leave with your house. I dont think you hear me. Theres a bitch walkin outta a courtroom right now somewhere on Earth with a brand-new house after the divorce. That bitch walk out, Girl, what you get? I got the house. You aint never seen dick walk outta courtroom with shit! Hey, my dude, what you get? nigga, I gotta get a job. Yeah. I gotta pay alimony. Mony, mony, child support. I aint even gettin the pussy no more, man! Pussy get free shit. No woman in my audience tonight shoulda bought a motherfuckin ticket to my show. Pussy get free shit. Look at the dumb bitches in here, Im doin it all wrong. You sure is, you stupid motherfucker. Pussy get free shit! Hey, baby, I wanna see Eddie Griffin. Give me 240 nigga tickets. My pussy wanna laugh. Im hungry. Feed my pussy. Whatever it want, on me. I got it. I wanna see a movie. Two tickets for the pussy, please. Give the pussy some popcorn, too. Small Coke. The bitch got diabetes. I dont want her dyin on me. [cheers and applause] [laughs] Pussy get free shit! Dick dont get shit free. nigga, ask your woman for somethin to eat. Look in the ‘frigerator, nigga. Somethin in there. Hey, baby, Id like to see a movie. We got cable, nigga. Turn it on. The only time dick gets free shit is when you come off the ceiling on the pussy. Now I see you young motherfuckers lookin at me like, Oh, hey, whats that mean? The older brothas in here, like, You know it, nigga. When you come off the ceiling, you young motherfuckers, thats when you go up so high on the upstroke, the ceiling fan smack you in the ass. You gotta beat a pussy up, nigga. [cheers] You gotta hit that motherfucker in the mouth. Wham! You gotta swell that bitch up, nigga. You gotta make it look like a wasps nest stung it. nigga, you gotta give pussy a ten count. Pussy out! If you did it right, that bitch gotta soak in some Epsom salt for a couple of days. And look at the little-dick motherfuckers in here. It really happen like that? Yeah, little motherfucker. nigga, Im handlin my business. You know, I aint gonna sit up here and brag, nigga, but you know, I get return visits. You know when you doin somethin, nigga. You fly into their town or country… cause Im an international nigga. I get around. [laughs] And they like, You with anybody tonight? You wanna reminisce? ‘Cause you done put that… Im handlin my nigga. Before I flew out here to shoot this, nigga, my wifes sittin in the kitchen, nigga, and she said, Yeah, I wish I could cut your dick off before you leave. I said, Excuse me? I was in a state of shock, too, nigga. I just backed up. You know, the bitch had a knife in her hand. She was cookin, but fuck the dumb shit. I aint takin no chance. I said, So what the fuck is that all about? She like, That way I know when you get to Boston, nigga, you just filmin, not out there fuckin around. Im tired of you comin home with new children. [chatter and laughter] I didnt have no answer for that new. I got ten kids, nigga. I aint tellin on myself. Quieter than a motherfucker. I was mad, too, nigga. Im sittin in the kitchen. This bitch aint gonna hit me with a zinger. Im the comedian in this motherfuckin family. Im the nigga that tell the jokes. You dont hit me with a one-liner and shut me the fuck up. Shit, who the fuck do you think you is, bitch? You outta your motherfuckin mind. Ill fuck you… Said all that shit to myself. She had the knife in her hand. I aint stupid, you know. I almost missed the flight gettin here, nigga, because I hate losin, nigga. I dont know how to lose, nigga. So, nigga, Im sittin there til my brain turned back on. Im like, This bitch aint just gonna leave me with this shit. nigga, my brain finally turned back on. Said, What you got against kids? Just cause they aint yours? That bitch threw that knife, nigga. And see, I made it here safely. I was thinkin about the shit on the flight, nigga. I said, Damn. Now all this time I thought she was gettin upset over stupid shit cause I live in Vegas, nigga. Like comin home the next afternoon. Im tryin to win my money back, nigga. And immediately she think a nigga fuckin. You out there fuckin. Not all the time. Im an honest nigga. Not all the time. nigga, I was thinkin about it. nigga, I said, nigga, its the dickin. This whole time Im thinkin this shit is about time. Fellas, it aint about time. Its about the dickin. See, if you dick her down properly, now the Knights of the Round Table know what Im talkin about. You little-dick motherfuckers, just think about it. But if you dick her down properly, her brain becomes dicktified. Root word, addickted. nigga, all she think about is your dick 24 hours a day. nigga, you walk outta your house, that bitch like, The dick is leavin. Who the dick leavin with? You know, when you left here yesterday, I called the dick on the phone. The dick didnt answer. What is the dick doin? nigga, if you dick em down proper, you take three steps outta your house, a female mind immediately comes up with scenarios that have nothin to do with reality. nigga, you go uno, dos, tres, Bye, baby. Hold it, nigga. Who you think you foolin? You think Im stupid, dont ya? Talkin about you goin to shoot. Pool, Eddie. Aint nobody shot pool since 1973. You out there fuckin, you little black motherfucker! I started thinkin about this shit. Fellas, if we had detachable dicks, and ladies, be honest with your motherfuckin self, yall wouldnt give a fuck if we ever came in. nigga, we could stay gone for a week, two weeks maybe. Her girlfriend will come over. I aint seen your husband. Every time I come over here, that nigga aint here. Did yall get into an argument or somethin? Yall get a divorce? She like, No girl. Shit, Eddie left, when was it? Last Friday? Oh, the nigga aint doin nothin, though, cause the dick is in the drawer. The dick is in the drawer. You wanna play with it? nigga, your ass really somewhere shootin pool? You talkin careshit. Yeah, nigga. Two times off the rail corner pocket. nigga, I done beat you two games, nigga. Aint nobody set your ass up. Put your money where your mouth is, nigga. Otherwise close it. Your breath smells like you had a shit sandwich. Hold on there, nigga. [groans] Yall play without me. My wife is playin with my dick again. She lettin her girlfriend play. Ladies, whats good for the goose is good for the gander. See, if my wife got the bomb, thats why she got the ring. Baby, where you goin? Uh– we gonna go out. Its girls night out. [laughter] Put the pussy in the drawer. Put the pussy in the motherfuckin drawer. Take them lips off. In the drawer. Oh, bitch, you aint goin nowhere with that throat. In the drawer. Take them titties off, bitch. Right on top. In the drawer. You aint goin nowhere with that right hand, either, bitch. In the drawer. Them bitches meet up at the club, like, [mumbling] He wouldnt let me leave with my ass. [applause] He wouldnt let me leave with my ass. nigga, you know one of them bitches show up blind. He told me he dont want me lookin at nobody. [applause] Im just sayin, ladies, yall got more shit you gonna have to come up off of. That hair, in the motherfuckin drawer. Them eyelashes. They aint yours. No goddamn way. In the motherfuckin drawer. And bitch, take them motherfuckin feet off. Some of these nigga s got foot fetishes. nigga, I get done with my wife, she gonna be a motherfuckin head. Ill grab her by her eye-not-havin-ass and roll her out the door. Have fun, baby! I hope yall goin bowlin. Thats all the fuck you gonna be able to do. Im gonna fuck the shit out your body while youre gone. I told you, nigga, Im comin to hurt you. I dont do chuckles, nigga. [chuckles] Ill hurt you, nigga. Youll leave my show with a six-pack. Hey, nigga, where you been trainin at? That Eddie Griffin show, nigga. That nigga tighten your shit right up, nigga. nigga, you remember when… nigga, you remember when you was 16? How many fellas in here remember when you was 16, nigga? You remember, nigga, we could fuck seven to nine times a day? [sigh] Well, some of you motherfuckers got a short libido, nigga. Seven to nine wasnt shit for me, nigga. Breakfast, lunch, dinner, snacks in-between, late-night snack, before breakfast. nigga, when you was 16, nigga, you bust a nut, your shit come right back in ten seconds. Oh, yeah. Oh, you was good, bitch. Hey, we aint done. nigga, when I got in my 20s, I could still go, nigga. Breakfast, lunch, dinner, late-night snack, early mornin. nigga, you get in your 30s, Hey, you wanna fuck before we go to work or when we get off? Your ass start gettin tired, nigga. nigga, you get in your 40s, Uh, look, we gonna fuck Monday… Wednesday… You wanna do Friday after work? Or Saturday after the club? N i g g e r, you get in your 50s… [laughter] Thursday good for me. Thursday? Oh, no! We aint doin shit on the weekend, bitch. That mouths been drivin this nigga crazy. Sundays out, bitch. Im watchin the game. I said Thursday. Thursday. Thursday then. Yeah. nigga, you get 60, 70, Uh, lookie here, we gonna fuck December 17. At approximately 4:37. Im gonna put a strong three minutes on ya. Then Ill see your ass again next year. If we still alive. ‘Cause the older we get, nigga, God put a tickin clock on our dick. It has to die, nigga. You aint supposed to have children when youre 77. You wont be alive to see the motherfucker graduate grade school. Thats why every year it die a little bit more. [groans] But now you got these old nigga s be cheatin. Yeah, they got them Jesus pills. Yeah, thats what I call them, nigga. Them Viagras be givin the nigga res-erections. Get it? Res-erections, Jesus pill? This motherfucker slower than my mother. You know when you done caught one of these cheatin motherfuckers, ladies, because they be at a club with nothin but 30-year-olds, and they ass on the dancefloor, nigga. The one they got there. Yeah! Yeah! Im back in the game! Im back in the game. Ah, ah! nigga, they be tryin to holler at them young things. Hey, hey, hey, what you say over there, candy? Which one of you bitches wanna automobile? They so old, they dont call it a car, nigga. Automobile. And dont laugh, ladies. Yall be fadin them old motherfuckers. [laughs] Girl, where you goin? Im goin to get me an automobile. ‘Cause they know them old motherfuckers cant fuck longer than ten seconds. nigga, they be on them pills. [groans] Felt my heart jump outta my chest. Slow down, goddammit. I asked for some pussy, not a casket. [applause] Oooh, aaah! [groans] Im goin home. Keep the automobile. Tell your girlfriends about Sweet Papa Willow. Ill see you next year. Oh, goddamn, this thing wont go down. I shoulda put my glasses on when I read the instructions. I think I took too many of them. Oh, I can feel my heartbeat throbbing in the mother… I just gotta fuck somethin, dammit. Shit! [mic hitting wall] They want every one of our black entertainers, me included, nigga, to have a [indistinct]. If you in my business and you black, you not gonna die clean. They got Tiger Woods. But Tiger helped em. That nigga fucked around and married him a white woman. Now nothin against you white women in here, but this nigga here, no. [laughs] No and no, and hell no. [laughs] See, I do research. Every famous nigga thats been with a white woman got problems. O.J.s still fucked up. His white woman been dead for years. niggas still fucked up! Lookit, they got Tiger Woods. He married one. And nigga, she got a divorce, and she left with damn near half a billion dollars, man. This bitch aint hit one golf ball. So you ladies gettin outta hand with that motherfuckin Im takin half of your shit shit. How you an independent bitch and runnin away with money? If you was here for money… see, if you leave with money, and this is my honest opinion about the shit. Bitch, if we equal, I came with dick, you came with pussy. Lets leave with what we got. [applause] How yall keep tryin to make pussy higher case value than dick? ‘Cause the bitch always say this shit, I gave you all this pussy. Bitch, I gave you all this dick! We even, motherfucker. And then at the end, they say, I want half. See, thats called bein a ho. See, if it wasnt about money, bitch, what you want money for at the end? See, Id rather a real ho. They just tell you up front, $500 tonight, nigga, one hour. Not these long-term sneaky hoes. I dont want your money, Eddie. ‘Til theyre in the divorce court. I want it all, nigga. You been fuckin me for years. Yep. Thats what people do when they together, motherfucker. This bitch left with half a billion dollars. nigga, not on my watch. She lucky she wasnt my wife, nigga. Theyd have found her. I swear to God, nigga. Let me explain somethin to you beautiful ladies in my audience tonight. I love each and every one of you motherfuckers, but not one of yall got a pussy worth half a billion dollars. Now, it might be some $250 pussies up in this motherfucker… It might be some $2,500 pussies up in this motherfucker… Might be some $10,000 on a Saturday, nigga, because you been wantin to fuck Halle Berry for a while. But it aint no half a billion dollar pussies on Earth. nigga s, trying to take that bitch fishin. Thats why billionaires have yachts. [applause] What happened to her? She fell overboard. I tried to save her. nigga, we get back to shore, Ill put seaweed around my own neck. I jumped in. I tried everything. To save that bitch. I mean my wife. What happened to her? The sharks just ate her up. Them white sharks. Yeah. They racist. They only eat white people. Thats why they call them great white sharks. They only eat white people. Even the shark is racist in this goddamn country. They asked the shark, Would you eat a nigga? No, no. Theyre tough. I tried one. I lost a lot of teeth. They fight back. Mexicans…[laughs], Mexicans, yall dont know how good yall got it. You know, even though they got all this shit. They fuckin with Mexicans now with this DACA shit and all this. They fuckin with really the brain drain that comes from India and other motherfuckin nations that got a better education system that come over here to get educated and run these motherfuckin companies. nigga, they fuckin with the Mexicans, nigga, for some fuckin reason. Im here to tell you, nigga. Um, [sighs] Mexicans, yall dont know how good you got it. See, when white people fuck with yall, Mexico right next door. Yeah. You can walk home. nigga, if Africa was that close… Now you get what the fuck Im talkin about. nigga, that first whip [mimics whipping sound], Get the children. We are walking home. Get the children, woman. Were gettin outta this motherfucker. Who do you think you are hitting me, you son of a bitch! I do not work for free, you motherfucker. My name is not Tyrone. It is not motherfuckin Leroy. It is Shaka. Fuck you! Get the woman. Children, lets go. We are walking out this, bitch. Itd be a mass exodus. And then white people, you would finally have your dream. An all-white America. Confederate flags everywhere. Not a nigga in sight. This country wouldnt be shit. [chatter] There would be no open-brain surgery. We did that. There would be no open-heart surgery. We did that. There would be no street lights. Thats why they red, yellow, and green. Jamaican flag, nigga. [applause] If somebody white did it, itd be red, white, and blue. You go on the blue. Music wouldnt be shit. There would be no blues four-bar progression. There would be no rock ‘n roll. We created that motherfucker extension of the blues. Thats right, white folks. We takin our shit back. You better go to Chuck Berrys grave and find out who did this shit. There would be no R&B . There would be no funk. There would be no jazz. There would be no bee-bop turnin into hip-hop non-stop motherfucker goin round the clock, nigga s, until you drop. [applause and cheers] There would be no gospel worth listenin to. [chatter and laughter] All thered be left, nigga, is twang-twang. Twang-twang. Twang-twang. ? She ran off with Petey ? ? My favorite dog ? ? I only know where four-legged fuckers go ? nigga suicide rate would go up 2000%. The national anthem would not be worth listenin to. nigga, whenever we sing it… nigga, Whitney sung it so well, God rest that sistas soul. [applause and cheers] When Sista Whitney sung it, nigga, she sung it so well it made a nigga feel like they really wanted us in this country. You understand me? The beginnin of a baseball game, Whitney would get to hittin that motherfucker, Oh say… can you see… I see… By the dawn, early in the mornin light… light it up, light it up. nigga, you leave the baseball game all hyped… nigga [indistinct] shit, nigga. Police pull you over. [hitting mic] Fuck this motherfuckin country! Fuck that goddamn song, too. Yall would never win another summer Olympics, white folks. Im sorry. Scott, Bob, Jill… Sally. No more gold in the summer. I dont even know why white folks show up to the summer Olympics. You not gonna beat a nigga in the heat. We from the hottest continent on Earth. Africa. Originally known as Alkebulan. You not gonna beat a nigga in the heat, man. Yunderstand me? Why do you show up for a foot race against black people? Do you really think you can beat us runnin? We got too much practice, nigga. We run from our parents. Put it down, nigga! I told you when we get to the store, you dont pick up a motherfuckin dime. We run from gangs. Come here, nigga. Where my shit at? I dont know, cuz! We run from the police. Well, what do you got? Well, uh, a lollipop. Oh, goddamn! You see, police helicopters cant catch nigga s. You watch that shit, First 48 ? Helicopter: We lost him again. Oh, the nigga jumped over two houses and made a left. You know that race they got, nigga, the 100-meter dash, nigga? And its always 27 nigga s from 27 nigga countries. One white dude. And you can see on his face when he gettin in the blocks. [grunts] Oh! Im gonna be lookin at a lot o nigga ass in a minute. Get it, cause they in front of him. The one race that white people think they can beat us in is the long-distance race. You see em practicin out here in Boston at the marathon, New York. Hey, what are you doin? Im getting ready for the nigga s. Oh, you gotta train. They just got natural ability. Train as you may, white folks, you not gonna beat them three Ethiopians. [cheers and applause] Regular nigga s from America cant beat them motherfuckers. Them eggheads always come in first, second, third, nigga. You not fuckin with the eggheads, nigga. They got them eggheads. Body skin and bones. They used to runnin for weeks. Chasin gazelles for sustenance. nigga, gazelles will be fallin down. One of us is going to have to take one. You are the weak one. Only the strong can survive. No, they chased my cousin two weeks ago. They dont stop. They smile when they run. I can hear their teeth chattering in the distance. Now you know how motherfuckers come across the line, nigga, at the end of the race? They be tired, nigga s. They ran for two days. Can I get some water, some water? Give me some fuckin water! nigga, them Ethiopians come across the line… [applause] You want some water? I never touch the stuff. The blood of the gazelle is all the sustenance I need. Who wants to run again? nigga, yall goin to church this Sunday? I suggest everybody get your ass to church and get your money back. Hurry up, goddammit it! If Joel Osteen didnt prove to you finally what Ive been tryin to tell you for 30 motherfuckin years… Its a goddamn scam, man! God dont live in no church. Nowhere in the Bible, and I read it 17 times, nowhere in it does it say, Build me a house on Fifth and Nowhere. I only like stained-glass windows. ‘Cause I dont want nobody lookin in on the hustle. I mean, the truth. I want hard wooden benches in there cause I dont want nobody comfortable. I need a greasy nigga with a perm whose neck looks like a half a pack of hot dogs. Whos a silver-tongued mackin motherfucker. And he sweats before he starts talkin. ‘Cause hes from Hell. What you gonna call him? The preacher. I need 12 to 15 fat bucket o chicken-eatin bitches with curtains on. What you gonna call them? The choir. I need two homosexuals with tambourines. Why they there? I dont know. I just like how they shake it. I need an old nigga whos senile. Dress him in purple. Put a lot of medals on him. Sit him right next to the pew. What you gonna call him? The deacon. What you gonna call this organization? Church. nigga, church done got so bad, they got ATM machines in the motherfuckers. Am I bullshittin? And nigga, heres how these preachers preach nowadays. Im tellin you, the church is in trouble. Them motherfuckers be in there, Oh, yeah, welcome to Gods house. Thank you. Uh-huh. Now, youre here. You see we have installed an ATM machine cause some of yall have been not bringin Gods money. Now you pay your light bill. You pay your gas bill. You pay your taxes. Uncle Sam get his. God cant have his? Thats why I installed the hot boilin waters of correction. Now, a lot of yall see the flames at the bottom of the bathtub… You see Brother Williams didnt bring God money last Sunday. Youre probably lookin at these two large swollen nigga s here wonderin what they purpose is. Go get Brother Williams. Bring him up here. They dip that nigga in the hot, boilin water and… [screams] Sound like hes screamin, dont it? Thats not what it is. Thats the demons leavin him. Look at how fast he ran to get Gods money outta the brand-new ATM machine. Is there anybody else in here late with the Lords issue? The only difference between a white church and a black church. White church will fuck your son. I dont like false indignation. Yall watch the same goddamn news I watch. Them priests been little-boy fuckin for quite a while. Thats why they wear them white robes, nigga. They buck naked underneath. They dont even walk to the pulpit. They float. ‘Cause little Timmy underneath there butt-ass naked on roller skates suckin dick. Now you can go on. Black church will fuck your wife. nigga, if your wife is sittin on the front row at church every Sunday, you might wanna ask that bitch a couple of questions. What position was you in to get this motherfucker position every Sunday? ‘Cause only a black preacher will ask your ass some shit like this. Lookie here, I was wonderin if your wife could stay after for a little private Bible study. Uh, lookie here, what the fuck you gonna tell my bitch you aint gonna tell the rest of these bitches in here? So let me explain me to you, partner. I dont believe none of this bullshit of motherfucker sleepin in the whale for three months. I dont know what the fuck this cartoon shit is. I only come here to keep this bitch happy. I dont give a fuck about you, greasy nigga. Now, ask me another motherfuckin question and I got a last question for you. How about if I blow your motherfuckin brains out so you can see what you thinkin is some bullshit? Well, I can see that you was the wrong nigga to ask. Ill see you at the church picnic. God is free. Dont forget it. God dont need no money. Never wanted no money, nigga. Them Romans wrote that in the book. Tithing. God want ten%. What the fuck would God want ten% of what he already own? He own everything. Thats like me rippin my sleeve off, stickin it in my pocket. I already got it. Every church I been to, not one of them got a tube to suck the money up to God. But the greasy nigga with a perm got a mansion, a private jet, a helicopter, four hoes and a dog. You cant pimp a pimp, player. I aint givin you a dime, motherfucker. Fuck you. God free. Get on your knees. Pray direct to the source, nigga. He dont need no middle man, nigga. Read the book. Just dont go to church. Read it for yourself, nigga. You know how to read. Who is this nigga? Who made this nigga the liaison? You can only get to the Lord through me. Read the motherfucker. God said, If two or more come in my name, Im in the presence. Aint that what he said? Well, theres more than two of us. I brought the nigga name up. That mean he here. Welcome to church, you motherfuckers. Now, here at the Eddie Griffin church, I aint gonna pass the plate around. I charged your ass up front. Im honest about my shit. Boston, yall a fun bunch of motherfuckers. [applause and cheers] No, really. Yall some fun motherfuckers. [Woman] Thank you! Now lookie here. [Man] You are, too. Oh shit! Thirty years. You could tell. I still love doin this shit. [crowd] Yeah! [applause] Now, uh, [laughs] if I offended anybody in this audience tonight, fuck you. These are the jokes. Ha-ha. If you check your ticket, motherfucker, it said comedy show. It didnt say serious show. If you took any of these soliloquies that flew outta my mouth serious, you got a problem. Go get another Cab Sav. Sit down. Discuss it with somebody. You got hang-ups, you motherfucker. If I offended any white people in here this evening, I was talkin about racist white people. If you were offended, then you the motherfucker I was talkin to. [applause] If I offended any Mexicans in here tonight, prove me wrong. Why the fuck do you like workin hard all the goddamn time? Be late like a nigga sometimes. If I offended any Asians in here tonight, [laughs] cook somethin without rice. Shrimp fried rice, chicken fried Rice. Rice, rice, rice. People dont want rice in every goddamn thing! How about some shrimp fried collard greens? That shit sound good to a motherfucker, dont it? Throw some cayenne pepper on that bitch. [laughs] If I offended any African Americans in here this evening, welcome home, you boojee-ass nigga s. If I offended [laughs] any ladies and women in here this evening, [laughs], I was talkin about bitches and hoes. If you were offended… [laughter] If I offended any Christians in here tonight, go to Hell… [laughter] with gasoline-dipped drawers. That way, you ignite on arrival. I dont want you to miss none of your flame time. Cant stand Christians, the most judgmental motherfuckers on Earth. Only a goddamn Christian, You goin to Hell. How the fuck you know? Like God came down. Oh, let that nigga know hes goin to Hell. Im kinda busy right now. Obviously you didnt read your own book again, motherfucker. It says, Judge lest you be judged. Only God can judge me. You could sit back and enjoy the show and shut the fuck up, you hypocrite motherfuckers. Out smokin dicks and weed all week, then puttin $20 on the plate on Sunday and think you paid for your transgressions. Like God cant see past your fuck-ass charade. At least Im honest with my heavenly Father. You know I drink. You know I smoke, not just cigarettes. And Im fuckin on a bitch Im not married to. You made the position. You made it so good. Hey, a pussy like M&Ms. You cant eat just one. If I offended any Muslims in here, As-Salaam-Alaikum. Im not fuckin with them. Theyll blow us up, nigga. [laughs] Hey, that was a joke. As-Salaam-Alaikum. Al-hamdulillah, al-hamdulillah, nigga. Inshallah, nigga, inshallah. nigga. nigga, I was… Fuck yall, nigga. My brain poppin, nigga. Imagine bein a sperm, nigga. I was just thinkin about this shit. Imagine nigga sperm just swimmin around in a nigga dick that aint gettin no pussy. This sure is some bullshit, man. nigga, we been down here for five years, man. I aint never gonna see the light o day again. This nigga, I swear to God he aint shit! Why we gotta be in this niggas dick? It look like he gonna get some pussy, nigga. All right, everybody line up. This is it. Line up, nigga s. This motherfuckers got some. nigga, the Old Sperm come by. Yall dont wanna go out there. This shit aint real. That nigga jackin off. You gonna end up on a towel. Dry and crunchy. I lost 50 billion sons that way. It aint never been real with this motherfucker. Thats how Im still here, nigga. I know when its real. Shit! Any motherfucker get some pussy, nigga, and they come out and got a condom on. Back up. This aint it! Back up! I can see it. Stop pushin! Stop pushin! Then the motherfucker flush the condom down the toilet. We shoulda listened to the old man. [applause and laughter] Say you finally, you, you finally consummate your relationship and you havin sex without a condom. And they get to come out into some actual pussy. Them mothers come out… [whoosh] Rub the walls, nigga! Oh, its so juicy. nigga, the Old Sperm come out. [heavy breathing] Well, I be goddamn! I never thought Id live to see it. Which one of yall know where the automobiles is? [applause] Come on. Follow me. I know the way to the head. Shake your tailfeather, motherfucker. Shake your tailfeather. And them motherfuckers start droppin one by one. [groans] [heavy breathing] Hey, hold up, Pop. Hey, everybody we fell out, and we been swimmin for a long time. How deep is this bitch? This bitch deeper than a [indistinct]. Just keep swimmin, just keep swimmin. Hey, Pop, lets just, lets just wait right here. Take a break like everybody else. We can make it to the egg in the morning. Junior, we aint gonna make it. We been set up. This bitch is on the pill. [applause] Imagine, [laughs] imagine bein a sperm in a gay motherfuckers dick. [groans and sighs] Didnt nobody clean this bitch out? There is mud everywhere. They aint nothin but corn and peanuts all in this mud. I think were in the wrong spot. My motherfuckin face gettin stuck too, nigga. All right. Lets get serious. nigga, Id like to pour out some liquor, if you dont mind, for some loved ones that I lost on this journey for 30 years in this game we call entertainment. You know what I mean? Yeah, man. This first one, [sighs], oh man, is goin out to Brotha Charlie Murphy. [applause and cheers] [Man] Be right, Charlie. nigga, Ive had the privilege and the pleasure, man, of bein on tour with Brotha Charlie for three & a half years, damn near four years, man, up until the day he died. You know, it was the Comedy Get-Down Tour with me, Brotha Lopez, D.L. Hughley, big Ced the Entertainer, you know what I mean. [applause and chatter] To watch a man that strong. I mean, Charlie was a mans man. Ya know he was man amongst men like a motherfucker. You know, Charlie would walk into a room, and everybody was like, Is the nigga gonna kill somebody? You know, Charlie had a permanent smile. You couldnt tell if he was mad or happy. But I watched this brotha fight cancer and tell all of us not to tell nobody. We watched him go to the hospital, do chemotherapy on a Wednesday, walk out that hospital, walk in front of 20,000 people and kill it on Friday. Thats how strong this brotha was. You know what I mean? [applause] I know Heaven is funnier than a motherfucker right now. Dick Gregory just went up there, yunderstand me? nigga, I know Charlie up in Heaven, nigga, like a motherfucker. Charlie Murphys in Heaven. Darkness is spreading. Look at Rick James. Got his feet on Gods couch. Silly motherfucker. Look at Prince over there playing buck-naked basketball. He aint gonna be up here long. This next one is goin out to Brotha Bernie Mac. [applause and cheers] nigga, you know Bernie up in Heaven. What the fuck goin on up here? Some motherfucker angel flyin around in a motherfuckin corner over there. Flyin around in a motherfucker circle. A motherfucker circle. Got one motherfuckin good wing; the other wing look like a barbecued chicken wing. That motherfucker from Hell. He from Hell. He a burnt-up motherfucker comin up here tryin to spy on motherfuckers. Hes spyin on motherfuckers. Spyin on my motherfuckin Heaven. [applause and cheers] Now you know Prince up there. [laughter] Dearly beloved… Were gathered here today to get to this thing called life. The word life, means Heaven. Thats been a long time, but Im here to tell you… [applause] [scream] nigga, you know, Michael is still at the gate. They aint let that nigga in yet. Michael at the gate: You know who it is. [grunts] ? Gotta-gone gotta-gone ? ? You know who it is ? ? You know who it is ? ? You know who it is you know who it is ? [applause] Peter right at the gate. Uh, no I dont. You do not fit the description that I have. [laughter] Now you know Sammy Davis up in that motherfucker. Um… stop it, man. Stop it! You guys are kookie, man. Um, excuse me, um, God. You know, Ive been here for quite a while, and um, I– I really adore you, man. I mean, you know, youre magnanimous in your greatness. Theres no one like you. You are the cat of cats, dig that, man. And you know, since Ive been here, you know, Ive, Ive, Ive danced for you. You know, I– I– I– I was just wondering, when do I get a new eye? You know, Rich is up in there. Thats one of my closest, closest nigga s for years. And, nigga, I know [indistinct] motherfucker. [laughter] Excuse me, God. I was wonderin if I could have a moment of your time. I know that youre a very busy God. You got a whole universe of shit to worry about. You know, white peoples is killin each other, theres an orange motherfucker in the White House. You understand me? Mexicans, they aint comin or goin. They just confused. The nigga s is like, ‘What the fuck? So, I know youre busy with all that kinda shit, and you know, we still cant find Kanye. I coulda told him about that. Shit, every nigga that fucked one of them goddamn Kardashians come up missin. Or they end up in rehab or some kinda shit. Shit, Bruce Jenner was the only white man to beat a nigga in the summer Olympics. He stuck his dick in the mama and said, ‘Fuck it. Take my dick. Give me a dress. I dont wanna bore you with the details. Anyway, I been on the south side of Heaven since I got here. And the peoples over there, they complainin. they didnt wanna tell you cause they scared of ya. They asked me to deliver the message cause they know I dont give a fuck. Anyway, you know, you been known to drown people and fire and brimstone, lightnin. You kinda scare a nigga. Anyway, they said your son Jesus, he been over there. The boy aint took a bath since I been here. He walkin on his bath water. The nigga keep walkin around. You cant get the nigga wet. He dodged showered raindrops. Look, peoples noses are hurtin. We was wonderin, um, if you could hit the nigga with a ligtnin storm. And wash him up a little bit. And the other thing, hes an arrogant motherfucker, too. He said hes your only son. You said we all your children. Im confused like a motherfucker. You know? Thats some shit you nigga s need to get together and discuss. That aint got nothin to do with me. Well, that aside, uh, on a more personal note, you said Heaven is whatever a nigga want. Well… I was wonderin, would ya mind if I snort the clouds? All I want is some cocaine since a nigga got up in this motherfucker. It look like cocaine to me. [giggles] Okay, I can see that Ive upset you. I dont wanna get struck by the lightnin. If you change your mind, Ill be right over here on cloud nine. [applause] [cheering] Boston, love you. Good night. Take the Lord with you. [applause and cheers] [???] [music fades out]

GREG DAVIES@YOU MAGNIFICIENT BEAST@2018@? Now Im not trying to be rude ? But, hey, pretty girl, Im feeling you ? ? The way you do the things you do Reminds me of my Lexus Coupe ? ? Baby, give me that toot-toot Let me give you that beep-beep ? ? Running my hands through my ‘fro Bouncing on 24s ? ? Its the remix to Ignition Hot and fresh out the kitchen ? ? Mama rolling that body Got every man in here wishin ? ? Sippin on coke and rum Im like, So what? Im drunk ? ? Its the freakin weekend, baby Im about to have me some fun ? Its always good to start a television special with a joke that youll never be able to air, isnt it? -[laughs] So– -[woman] I want you to have my baby! Eh? [woman] Will you have my baby? Will I have your babies? Gut instinct says no. Definitely no. Its definitely no. I have a system for stand up. My system is, I go home to Shropshire, where Im from, with a notepad and a pen, and I wait for my parents to say weird shit. Then I come and tell you. Thats my system. Right? I had some problems this time. Problem number one… About three years ago, my dad, very selfishly, died. Youre pissed off. I had three shows left in him. Problem number two… My mom pulled me to one side when she heard I was gonna do a new show. And she went, I dont want you to talk about me anymore. And I went, What?! She said, I want you to stop talking about me onstage. I went, Why? She goes, Youve had two shows out of me. Youve humiliated me on stages all around the country. Honestly, I think youve had your moneys worth. And shes right, ladies and gentlemen. I have. Ive made thousands. Thousands out of her. So I stood there, going, Shit! What the fuck am I gonna talk about? Anyway, then she changed the subject. And this is what she said… She said, Have you been watching any of that Oscar Pistorius retrial? I went, Here we go. All right. No, mom, I havent. Why? She goes, You havent watched any? I said, I think I read a little about it. She goes, What do you think? I went, What do you mean? -She said, Do you think he did it? -I said, He did do it. She says, I know he did. Do you think you meant to do it? I went, Well… Im not sure why were talking about this, old lady, but if you want my opinion, yeah, he lost his temper and he shot her. She went, Thats what I think. Yeah. Then she said two things. Now, I want you to tell me if you were in my position, would you break a promise youve made to your 77-year-old mother? ‘Cause theyre both fucking astonishing. Bearing in mind that Oscar Pistorius shot his girlfriend to death… Even the build up is hilarious. She said, this.. That silly lad. [laughing] What a tyke. What a little tinker. Then she followed it up with the all-time classic. He had the world at his feet. He fucking didnt, did he? I said, Dont expect me not to use that onstage, old woman. Its gold! Recently… she said the worst sentence that anyones ever said to me. Imagine that in my business. We went for a meal. We went for a steak together. I cant speak for the other middle-aged people in the room, but I find that with every year that passes, I have less and less to look forward to in life. So when I go for a meal… I fucking have it. I am consuming it, and I am consumed by it. My world goes… [mimics doors closing] and Im just… Oh, yeah. [imitates chewing] Oh, that meat is cooked to perfection. The futility of life… Id just briefly forgotten the futility of life. My moms opposite me, and since shes on her own, its a constant stream of bullshit coming out of her mouth. Largely about people Ive never even met. So Im there going, Oh, yeah. Oh, my knife just glides through it. [imitating chattering] Oh, she had a stroke in Tesco. She fell into the salad bar. I might just put my meat into the peppercorn sauce. Hes riddled with arthritis. He cant even pick a cup up. I might put a chip with the meat. Just have the combination of the potato and the meat. You should see what theyve done with the town hall. Multicultural mural. I was on total food lockdown. I didnt hear a word she said. Then something just slipped through my radar just very briefly. And I couldnt quite let it go. I was just… [chewing] Ill just put some sweet corn on the end of my fork. Christine said to me, ‘We should both get one of those rabbits. Just have some broccoli for health. I couldnt quite let it go. Do you know what I mean? It kept racing around my mind. I found myself going, Thats strange. Why would they be buying a pet at their age? Christine said, ‘I dont mind ordering them, but theyre coming to your house. I went, All right, what the fuck? Are you talking about dildos? She went, Yes. I went, Why? Im your son. She said, I thought youd find it funny. Funny? The idea of you two hammering away at yourselves? I may have done this show in my hometown last week. Mom saw it. Suitably mortified. Oh, disgusting! Absolutely disgusting. She sent me a text the next day, which Im gonna keep on my phone for the rest of my life. Wanna see it? Have a look. Hello, love. Id prefer it if you wouldnt do that vibrator routine in your show. When you ignore this and do it anyway, at least make it clear to your audiences that neither Christine or myself have ever bought or used a sex aid. Contract fulfilled, old woman. But it must have got to me, cause I found myself thinking, I wonder if theres something nice I can tell everyone. A nice story I can tell about my mom to take away the taste of the filth, you know? So I found myself going, Oh, let me see. And I thought of something. When I was eight years of age, just eight, I was gonna say little Greg, but I was a freak of nature then, as well. Not the six-foot-eight monstrosity you see before you, but I was still disgustingly long. I went past Clinton Cards, which if you dont know the shop, its for people with no taste, largely. Bankrupt. And stringy old eight-year-old Greg, skipped past Clinton Cards and there was a bear in the window, three-foot tall. And I remember going, If only I could have that. That toy, that… long toy for a long boy. I said to my mom, Ive seen this giant bear, could I have it? She goes, Well, well chat with Santa and see what he says. I go, Okay. A couple of days later, she came back, and she went, Im sorry, love. Ive spoken to Santa, and… Im afraid that bear is £75. Santa cant afford it this year. I thought, Thats a shame, although Santa does appear to be able to afford quite a lot of fucking cigarettes. I was on to Santa. Id met him the year before. I was sharing a room with my sister. He came in. His fag was glowing in the dark. He was clearly shit-faced. When I said, Hello, Santa, he told me to piss off in a womans voice. So, I was on to Santa. But I thought, Fair enough, she cant afford it. I just let it go. Now, it obviously got to her, cause a couple of days later, she came back… She went, Oh… Ive spoken to my friend Carol. We think we can make you a giant bear. And I remember thinking, Uh… I was only eight years of age, but I thought, Oh… that sounds shit, doesnt it? That sounds shit. She took a dirty old blue blanket out of the garage, and I thought, Yep, this is gonna be shit. Then every two days on the buildup to Christmas, shed come over… Projects coming on. Projects coming on. Christmas day, I ran into the front room and under the tree, there was a giant parcel for me. And I ripped it open. And there he was. I met him for the first time. BT. Blue Ted. Five-foot tall. Five foot. They added two feet onto it. And he became a firm friend of mine for many years to come. He really did. Like I said. Its just… You seem surprised. Its just a nice story. No, no. No, theres no need for that. Were not in America. Its fine. Sorry, I forgot to say… I went home recently and found a picture of BT. -Would you like to meet him? -[cheering] I cant hear you. -[cheering continuing] -Would you like to meet him? Here he is. What the fuck is that? Because it isnt a bear, is it ladies and gentlemen? A fucking frog, maybe. It scared the living shit out of me. It looks like ET, doesnt it? If anything. Oh, incidentally, I dont know the last time you watched ET, I watched it three weeks ago. It was on one Sunday, and I was drawn into that film the way I was as a child. It was the scene in the woodshed when Elliott first uncovers ET. And his little glowing finger comes out. And I thought, God, thats a magical film, ET. And my mate Rich was next to me. He ruined that film in one sentence, and Im about to ruin it for you now. ‘Cause he said– I was going, Oh, God… this is like being a child. And Rich went, Tell you what, mate, if I found something like that in my shed, Id stove its fucking head in with a shovel. And hes right, isnt he? If you think about it for one second, hes right. If you found that in your shed, you would panic, and you would stamp the cunt to death. [speaks gibberish] It talks! Mom! A little early in the record to be calling ET a cunt, isnt it? I like to call ET a cunt. Its funny when you film something and you can hear things being cut out as you say them. [mimics cutting] ETs a cunt. Well, I stand by it. He is a cunt. [laughs] Look… my point is… [laughs] Can I just say to the lady who just looked at me really seriously, the more upset you are, the funnier I find it. Look… look… Guys. My point is… its a weird looking creature. Right? But its a mom doing her best for her son. She couldnt afford what I wanted, so she did her best. I think we can all agree, its a sweet story, isnt it? Or it would be… But when I got to 13 years of age, ladies and gentleman, I fucked that bear. I did. Sorry. I fucked him right in his furry backside. And I didnt fuck him once, Ill tell you that. I fucked him for a whole summer. I was out in the park, playing with my friends. And Id fuck that every day. Mom would shout, Time to get up for school, Greg. I was too busy knocking the back end out of this. You can see it in his eyes if you look closer. Haunted. Haunted. Ill be honest with you. He could stand up on his own after a while. Very funny, Greg. Very funny! First you make me out to be a mad old lady. Now I find out youve been fornicating with the toys I made for you. Its disgusting. I say, Its just a laugh, Mom. She goes, Its a laugh for you. Its my reputation youre out there ruining. Whats the show called? Youre all right, arent you? The show has always been You Magnificent Beast. Theres a reason for that. I was moving through London in a cab with the window open. A drunk student saw me, recognized me. He dove through the window of the moving cab. He grabbed me by the throat, and he went, Oh, yeah. You magnificent beast. He just let go. Honestly, as far as I know, he could be dead. But I got a title for my show. The honest truth is, the next day I found myself… Yes, I am. Yes, I am. I thought, Im gonna write a show about how magnificent I am. How magnificent we all are. Thats what my show is gonna be about. How unique all human beings are. How weve all got something to offer. I started getting quotes together, inspirational quotes about humans. Look at this. I think its wonderful. Child of heaven born from the womb of a star. All of us. Another one… Mans goodness is a flame that can be hidden but never extinguished. Nelson Mandela said that. I hope this doesnt seem arrogant, but I do see myself as the white Nelson Mandela. Thank you. Thank you. Another one. No species has ever had such wholesale control over everything on Earth. Attenborough said that. We believe anything Attenborough said. I thought, This show is gonna write itself. I start getting images together of the wonderful things all human beings have done. And my mom, still smarting, went, Yeah, Im a mad old lady whos had her youth, had it away with. And youre a magnificent beast? How about your lift your shirt up in front of the mirror, love? See how magnificent you are. I will do. Yeah. Have a look. Look at it. Look at what Ive done to myself. Nothing magnificent about this, is there? I thought, Shes got a point. When I thought about it more, I thought, Theres nothing magnificent about a middle-aged human being anyway. Middle-age is dreadful. Im gonna come and talk to one of my middle-aged friends. This is where I massively offend someone. -Whats your name? -Sean. Sean, youre how old? Sorry? -Forty-seven. -Couple years younger than me? -Are you enjoying middle age? -Yep. Are you up for a piss in the night? -A couple of times. -Twice. Were at the same prostate level. Its called galia melon. Two pisses a night, Im the same. Youre two years younger than me. Ill tell you, things have happened to me that youve got to look forward to. And I just want to share them with the young people. In the last two years, my nails have become four times thicker than they used to be. Just imagine that, young people. Imagine not being able to bite through your own fucking nails. Whats the evolutionary miracle about that, David Attenborough? In case I fancy skittering up a wall like a fucking lizard? Ive started behaving weirdly. Ive started buying folk music. No one likes folk music, not even the singers. They cant be bothered to sing out of their mouths. [singing gibberish] Ive got albums full of the shit round my place. In the Sunday supplement, I ordered one of those things you put on your stomach to try and make you not fat without doing exercise. You know the electrocution things? And at a real low point in my life, I found myself electrocuting myself whilst listening to folk music. [singing gibberish] ? The hills of Donegal ? You can turn it up really fast as well. [sings gibberish] I had to stop cause I thought I was gonna shit myself. Then I had a real wake-up call. I did some warm up gigs and had my friend support me. Ed Gamble, whos a young, beautiful comic. and then… Ed. You talk about weird things when youre on the road together. And Ed, a much younger, prettier boy, he made very casual reference to when he got back to the hotel that night, he was gonna have a tidy up downstairs. And I went, What? He said, Im going to have a little.. trim downstairs. -Sean? -Yes. [laughs] -Yeah. -You trimming? I have trimmed. Youre all trimming, arent you? All you men are trimming, and it passed me by, manscaping. Im like, What the fuck are you on about? Have a trim downstairs? He goes, Come on, Grandad. Everyones trimming. Which men here are trimming? Just give me a cheer. [scattered cheering] Okay, fine. I didnt know it was a thing. I missed it. I know that you women have been, you know…. So you wanna hear a thing thats not gonna make it into the show? I was gonna say waxing that rat. Unbelievable. Snip, snip, out it comes. But it never occurred to me. I panicked. At the hotel, I thought, I better check this out. I took my clothes off, went to the bathroom, and I stood in front of the mirror to see how bad things were. Oh, my God. I had never noticed it before. A giant, graying 70s afro. Awful! It looked like Don King was riding on the back of a depressed mini-elephant. I thought, Youre never get another girlfriend. You fat prick. Theres only one person whos gonna be interested in that. And the fucking bears in hiding. So, I thought, Im gonna have to do something about this. So I did. I went back to my bedroom, and I did something about it. Well, ladies and gentlemen… there were hairs down there like the mooring ropes of the Titanic. I knew I was in trouble cause I used my beard trimmer to do it. The motor started panicking when it hit bush. [imitates razor whirring] I(ts like I was fucking angle-grinding. Took me 20 minutes to get the worst of it out. Five or six pounds of silvery bush on the floor. Looked like burnt tinsel. I went back to the full-length mirror to check out my handiwork. Very nice. Very nice. The pubes Im talking about obviously, not what was beneath them. The mini-elephant was as depressing as ever, just lolling… What are we doing? I was just… I was just trimming your pubes. Okay. Anything else? While were here, I suppose we could have a piss. Okay. [sputters] Not finished. [groans] [sputters] Okay. Bedtime. Anyway… I went back to bed with a little spring in my step that night. I thought, Yes, very nice, big man. Youve rolled the clock back a few years there. Very nice. I fell asleep… feeling pretty good about myself. In the morning… I allowed my hand to dance over the area. Thats always painful, Ill be honest, because of my fucking talons. Didnt feel right. Something felt wrong. Felt like someone had dropped a mini-pizza down there. I couldnt be bothered to go to the bathroom, and as you can see, I cant see my own genitals. So I made an extraordinary decision. I got my iPhone. And I took this picture here. Fuck me. It is the worst thing Ive ever seen. And the flash scared the shit out of the elephant. And then above his head, there was just a halo of purple scabs. Disgusting! Id had an allergic reaction to the trim. I went, For fucks sake… Youre a middle-aged man. Accept it. Accept it! And I vowed never to touch my pubis again. I went home, and… a few days later, I went to my local cafe in the park. I go to a cafe in the park. And I saw Elsie, a woman Ive got to know really well. I went, Hello, Elsie. She went, Hello, Greg. And I went, Hello, Elsie. She said, I havent seen you for ages. I went, Ive been on tour. She went, Oh, lovely. I said, And before that, I was in Spain on holiday. And she went, Oh, I love Spain. I love it.  I went, Its nice, isnt it? I said, Would you like a cup of tea? She goes, Id love one, darling. I went, Right, Ill go get us one. She goes, Okay, here, before you go, you havent got any photos of your holiday, have you? Yes, I have, Elsie. Here on my iPhone. Why dont you flick through them at your leisure… while I go and get the tea? And I was holding the tray. Oh, theyre lovely! What a lovely villa. Yes. Are these your friends? Yes, theyre my friends. Oh, lovely. As they put the teapot on the tray, I remembered, and I went, Ooh, fuck. And the world went into slow motion. [grunts] Elsie! I got to her just as she swiped onto it. And she went… [shrieks] And I went, Ooh! And she went, Hey! And we locked eyes, and she was waiting for an explanation. And fuck me… This is what I said. Oh! I made a trifle. Doesnt speak to me anymore. Why would she? Why would she speak to a man who tried to pass his cock and balls off as a dessert? I used to be a teacher. You know that? Teachers here tonight? -[cheering] -God bless you, you heroes. Look at this quote I found about you. The best teachers are those that tell you where to look, but they dont tell you what to see. Its true. I taught for 13 years, and I thought I was great. Its the only thing thats kept me going cause honestly, I fucking hate children, but I thought I was good. Its the only thing that Ive clung on to all these years. The kids liked me, and I never did them a disservice. I met some of them in the same week as I saw Elsie. I met some of my ex-pupils. Ive got another quote for you now from one of them. See what you make of this. Its a genuine quote. When I stopped to really think about it for ten seconds, I was shit. I was a drama teacher, which in itself is hilarious, right? You know when I knew I had to give up teaching? I was in my drama studio, and the kids were performing a play that theyd been working on for weeks while I smoked out the back of the drama studio, and I finally run out of time, and they had to perform them, and they were really excited and focused. And I realized someone was up in the lighting tower of the drama studio aggressively throwing Blu Tack into their faces while they were performing, and I mean really nastily, spitefully throwing it. It was bouncing off them, and they were going, Get off, get off! It was awful. And I knew I had to give up teaching when I realized that the person up there throwing that Blu Tack, thats right, was me. It was me with the head of English, and we were laughing our bollocks off. It was at that point I realized… my perception of how I think people see me and other peoples perception are very different things. When you start to think about it, it panics you. And the worst thing is your perception, or rather your reputation, can be ruined like that. Im gonna show you three quotes. Theyre all from actual friends of mine. Theyre so insane, they changed my view of that person, and I wrote it on my phone immediately. Right? The first one is from a 37-year-old science teacher. She could be teaching your children. I had a wild row with her in the pub because she said, and she fucking meant this… She thinks you can stretch yourself. I went to an urban zoo with a 40-year-old friend of mine, whos a mother of two. She saw a turkey and she said this. Happy Christmas, heres your traditional massive male chicken. But by far the worst, a 52-year-old friend of mine, who is a successful CEO of a company. I made reference to the irritating buzzing wings of a fly that was in the room, and he said this. He thinks flies are shouting. Yeah! Im a fly! Im flying! Presumably, when they stop and land, theyre having a fucking breath, are they? [panting] Yeah. Lets do this. Yeah! Fly! Nothing that man can say will alter my new perception of him, that he is fundamentally thick as pig shit. Thats how easy it is to ruin your perception. And yet, some people seal a reputation. They seal a reputation not just for life, but for long after theyve died. If I asked you to name me two famous lovers, who would you say? -[audience shouting] -Bonnie and Clyde. Great opener. Thank you. Any more? Romeo and Juliet? Yeah, of course. Posh and Becks I had last night. Ill take it. The one I thought of was Richard Burton and Elizabeth Taylor. They were married to each other three different times. And Burton allegedly said this about her, and I love it. Look at this quote. I might run from her for a thousand years and she is still my baby child. Our love is so furious that we burn each other out. Imagine. Imagine feeling that passionate about anyone. I read it and I began to… I thought, I wonder if… there are any of my exs out there… might be feeling that sort of passion about me. Its unlikely to be the girl I went out with for the longest. I went out with someone for ten years, and on our first date, I pissed the bed. And I tried to blame her. That is true. It panicked me. I thought, Am I leaving any legacy of passion behind me? Will anyone think…? So I started going back through people Ive dated, and then, I was in Bristol. -Anyone from Bristol here? -[scattered shouting] Well done. Well done for dressing yourselves. I was walking through Bristol, and I heard that accent. [mumbles] What are we doing? Going down the shops, are we? And it reminds me. I remember something. And it was a date. I thought, This is the passionate story I can tell everyone. It was a date that I got set up on. My friend was going out with someone, and he invited me to meet her. They were gonna have a dinner party for me. Lovely. And when I got there, theyd invited her sister along as well. And I thought. No, this is a set up. I hate it. I hate being set up. But she was really sweet. She was really pretty. I thought, Why not? I was chatting to her over dinner. She had a very light Bristol accent. How long are you down for, then, Greg? Just the weekend? You gonna make a weekend of it, are you? Thats nice. I thought, She seems sweet. And then… she started to drink… very heavily. She was necking glasses of wine, like… [chugging] And her accent started to get a bit… Are we having a nice time now? I thought, Youve changed. I carried on making polite chat, and I went, What do you do? She goes, I work in a shop, dont I? [chugs] I went, All right. She said, Thats not all I do. I went, No? She goes, No, on the weekends… Im a hammer thrower. I went, Youre not a hammer thrower. They went, No, she is a hammer thrower. Shes really excellent. I went, Right! As I was looking at them, she grabbed my hand… Bam! She put it on her thigh. Fuck me. It was like a tree trunk. And I went, Oh. And I looked at her, and she was waiting for my gaze. And she went, Yeah. Now you believe Im a hammer thrower, dont you? And I thought, Oh. Oh, Im frightened of you… because youve changed. And I could see in her eyes, obviously riddled with cataracts, that she fancied a bounce on this. So I started to panic. The fear went through the roof when she went to the toilet, cause that girl has walked in perfectly normally, but now, it was like watching a fucking silverback. She was like… [grunts] I turned to my friend. I know whats going on here. Youre setting me up with this girl. Well, Im not interested. They went, Shes harmless. I said, Shes not harmless. She could take a fucking buffalo down. From the toilet… [grunts] Thats it. All finished, then. All shaken off. At one point, I was chatting in the kitchen, and she ran past the hallway. I think she was just showing off. [grunts] And she ran into a room, and we heard, Smash! There had been a full length mirror against the wall. She ran in. She hit it… She horribly cut her hands open, and she was spraying blood round the room. [shouts] Im hurt. I went, Oh, my God! Weve got to get to the hospital. They went, Shes always doing things like this when shes drunk. And my friend got some toilet roll, and he just filled her hands… until she had two… horrible, bloody… soggy cricket balls of gore in her hand. Then he got some Sellotape… and just wrapped them, like this. until she had two transparent, blooded stumps. I thought, Thats gonna slow her down at least. No, it fucking didnt. If anything, the lobster claws made her more determined. [shouts] [shouts] Those two assholes went to bed, leaving me on my own with old fucking lobster claws. I go, Thats it. Im running away. I went to the front door. I was just gonna run into the fields. I opened the front door. It was snowing. It was chucking. It was a snowstorm. And I went, Ah, fuck! And then, behind me… I heard the footsteps. Oh, my God. What? Its snowing! And she ran into the snow. And I watched her disappear. And I thought, Yeah… I think she may bleed to death tonight. And I think Im going to let her. Then I felt guilty and I followed her out. It was easy to find her. I followed the trail of blood in the snow. Its like a scene from Fargo. When I got there, it was quite sweet, she was playing in the snow. I went, Please, come in. She went… [grunts] You come get me. Yes, I did. Im worried about you. Please come in. She went… [grunts] Im not going anywhere. Not until you give me a little kiss. And I went… [gasps] And I just… [kisses] I just gave her a peck. She whipped her face around. And even in that second… I got to find out that even her tongue was muscular. Like being pistol-whipped by a dry eel. And I talked her into coming in. She went… [grunts] She went to the toilet. As soon as shed gone to the toilet, I ran upstairs. I went into the first empty bedroom I could find. I got onto the duvet and tried to make myself flat. She was gone for ages. With the wisdom of hindsight, I think shed been for a shit and realized there was no toilet paper. And I lay there… motionless… and then I heard the footsteps again. Where have you gone? Ooh! I can see your big fat tummy. And then she came… She got under the duvet. She started ferreting around and the duvet… came away from my face, and thats when I realized for the first time that the whole ceiling in that place was one mirror. It was. I saw myself revealed… when the duvet fell away. I was tired. I was exhausted. I lost the will to fight. And the last thing I saw that night, ladies and gentlemen, reflected in the ceiling, was my own flaccid penis being masturbated by two bloodied stumps. I guess what Im saying is, not all love stories are gonna go down in history, are they? Lets have another quote. Every child is an artist. Picasso allegedly said that. Every child is an– Whos got young children here? Honestly, whats their art like? Its fucking shit, isnt it? Ive got two nieces, seven and nine years of age. I love them dearly, but their art is fucking appalling. Whats that? Its a house. Is it? Whos that next to it? The owner. Really? Why are they the same height? Its called perspective, dipshit. Thats okay, theyre children. Its okay for children to make mistakes. Its okay for children to be shit, because theyll either get good, or theyll find out theyre shit. What worries me a little more is when adults try and kid themselves about something. When I was still teaching, we had a guest speaker come to the school. It was the ex-World Champion boxer Chris Eubank. You may recognize him. Okay. Okay, Im just gonna explain something to people who dont realize. There are some people in this room who think I cant do a good Chris Eubank impression. Those people are about to be proved extremely wrong. Chris came in, and he spoke to the children for– ready? Three and a half hours. Three and a half hours of… Yes, the thing is… The thing is… when I was a pugilist… I would apply myself with the vigor of a lion. He was amazing, you know. He walked up and down the front like this. The kids were sat out as you are. He walked up and down for three and a half hours going, It doesnt matter what you decide you want to be… You want to be an architect or whatever it is that you desire… But he had a little trick up his sleeve. Hed written some poems. Original poems, which is interesting. And this is how he delivered them. You must… Sometimes I would train for 12 to 14 hours. And when you decide what it is you want to do, I would urge you to remember this… always look at the man in the mirror and ask what you want him to be. ‘Cause the man in the mirror is not just you. The man in the mirror is me. And as this lady will testify to, it scared the shit out of the children. Admittedly, Chris tits werent as sweaty as mine. And unlike me… Chris didnt inhale your hair. [laughs] Why not, though? Ive met Chris a few times. Hes a lovely bloke. Why not try some poetry out? I dont want to be cynical. I would argue that perhaps Chris isnt gonna be remembered as a poet. But he is gonna be remembered as a great boxer, so hes got something covered there, but self-delusion can get dangerous. I was in a taxi again in London. It was driven by a Londoner with a thick London accent. He was one of those Cockneys who could get you whatever you want in life. He was like, Yeah, yeah. What do you need? A zebra? No problem. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, I know a bloke in Rumford. Hes got a lock up full of the stripy cunts. Cant shift them. Theyre like weird horses, arent they? Theyre like weird horses. I was not in the mood for a chat, and he was a chatty taxi driver. I was sitting there going, Please dont talk. And he was like, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Then he said that thing you dread from some taxi drivers. He went, Yeah, cause of course… I wasnt always in this game. And I went, Ah, fuck. A life story. I was always gonna talk to him. Ive got manners. I was raised well by the woman whose teddy I fucked. So I now, Go on, what did you used to do? He goes, I used to be in the old music game, as it goes. I went, Uh-huh. Yeah. What did you used to do? He goes, I was a bass player. I went, Right. Any bands I might have heard of? He goes, Yeah, maybe. Yeah, maybe. I went, Go on. He goes, For a long time I was in A-ha. You were in A-ha? Yeah, I was in A-ha. A-ha? ‘Take on Me, A-ha? Yeah. ‘Take on Me, A-ha. From Norway, yeah. I went, You werent in A-ha, mate. He goes, I was with them for years. I went, Mate! I know who A-ha are. Theyre Mags, Pål… and Morten. Yeah, yeah. There was no you in A-ha. He goes, Yeah, yeah, I was. And it fucking pissed me off. Im in a bad mood, and Ive got a fucking Cockney taxi driver telling me he was in A-ha. I started playing the scenario in my mind of Morten and the boys… Yeah, boys, we dont appear to have a bass player. Its not just Eubank I do, my friends. Oh, dear boys. Fuck you. Ill do all three of them. Oh, dear. We dont appear to have a bass player. Do we, Pål? No, we dont. We havent got a bass player. Oh, no. We need one, dont we? Why dont you ask Mags. Mags? Yes. We were just saying we need a… We do need a bass player. Well, what shall we do? Well, we have got some options. Amazing, isnt it? Amazing Im still doing it, but I am gonna carry on. Yes. What are our options? Well… We could go to a music school here in Norway where we could ask for a bass player. Yes. Or… or… or… we could get three flights, go to London and ask a fucking taxi driver. Its bullshit. Its bullshit. If you dont like your job, change your job. Dont tell tired, grumpy people you used to be in fucking A-ha. I couldnt stop thinking about it, I was so wound up. I went and watched the video for The Sun Always Shines on TV. Now, heres the thing… It was him. What are the fucking chances? It really was. Some people manage to… put out a positive… impression of themselves really easily, to the whole populous, nearly. Ill give you an example, the seriously ill. Thats right. Yeah. No one has taken them down before. Here I am. What do you ever say about them? What ever gets said about the seriously ill? How awful… Poor thing. I went to Leicester to do a gig. And I got invited to Leicesters biggest hospice… to do a day visit, and I thought, Fuck! No! But, of course, you cant turn that offer down. I went,.I thought it would be the worst thing Id ever have seen. And it was one of the most uplifting and wonderful places, and I said, I cant believe theres any laughter going on in this place at all. And the lady who runs it said, Yeah, well, thats the prejudice were fighting against, cause these people are still alive. And so, we want them to have good times. You know? And it really got me, because… I avoid thinking about ill people. And when I thought about it, my own dad, who was ill for six years before he died… When I think back on him now, I just remember some pathetic, old, ill man. Right? And he was loads more than a pathetic, old, ill man. So I started to think, once she said that, Were there any good times in that six years? Were there any fun times when he was ill? And there were good times. There were times that we all laughed. Ill give you one. When he couldnt go to the toilet by himself, my mom used to let him piss into a Lenor fabric softener bottle. I went, Why do you use that? Its obvious. Its got a large handle, a big opening at the top and ‘the refreshing smell of Lenor. Ive changed your perception of my mom, havent I? Shes not a stupid old lady anymore. Shes a wonderful, caring wife, isnt she? Strap yourselves in. I went home one day, there was a small bottle of Lenor on the side and a very angry mom. I went, You all right? She goes, No, Im not. Theyve redesigned it. Theyve redesigned it. No handle, no big aperture. Im the laughingstock. Ive recommended it to all my friends with ill husbands. And I went, Im sorry. Im sorry Lenor ruined your system. She goes, Its disgusting. Then I heard some laughter from the other room. And it was my dad, in bed, laughing his head off. And he shouted, Ask her what she did. And I go, What? He goes, Ask her what she did. I went, What did you do? She goes, Hes been lying in his bed taking a piss out of me all morning. What did you do? [shrugs] I wrote to them. I had a vision of the head designer coming in and going, Stop! Its a wonderful bottle. Its half the size, less liquid, more portable, but none of you have stopped to consider whether we can get an old mans wang into this bottle. Do you know what? Even on the day my dad died, there was some mirth… when me and my mom and my sister were standing round his bed on what Ive always described as the worst day in my life so far. If youve lost someone, you know what this is like. We were standing there, waiting for the inevitable, and when I thought back to it, someone made us laugh. And if my dad had been more with it, he wouldve laughed his head off, too. It was a male nurse. He came into the room, and he said, Ho! I am having a bad week. And we all went, Yep, its pretty bad over here as well. He didnt take the hint. He went, Yep. Its my son. He is fat. He is mega fat. And we went, Okay, sorry to hear about your fat son. Its just… were kind of dealing with a thing over here. And then he said this, Yep. Hes ten stone… and hes only six. Ive got to tell you, thats when I walked away from my dying father. Ten stone? A 140-lbs. six-year-old? Im in. Fucking stop talking about your mega fat kid. A 140-lbs. six-year-old? Yeah. Super fat. Super fat. And I went, Jesus Christ, mate. What are you feeding him? He said… arguably my favorite sentence Ive ever heard. He said… He eats a whole cooked chicken every day. And thats when my sister walked away from her dying father. She wanted to know about the six-year-old whos gobbling an entire chicken every day. Who doesnt want to know about the fat chicken kid? We all do. She goes,You shouldnt be feeding him a whole chicken every day… He goes, Im not feeding him. Hes getting a whole chicken from somewhere. He helps himself. My sisters like, Why dont you stop him? He said, I cant. Hes stronger than me. He pushes me out of the way of the fridge. Theres nothing I can do about it. Thats when his luck changed, because my mom… stood up from her husband of 50 years, and I saw her mouth dry up, and she went, What do you mean? What you mean theres nothing you can do about it? My mom is an old school disciplinarian, and Ill tell you this now, if she were here, she would deny it, but it is fucking true. In fact, I want to get it on record. When I was a child, I wouldnt eat my peas one Sunday, and she punched me in the face. And that is true. When she saw this show, she said, I object to that, Greg. It wasnt a punch. It was a flat palm. She heard the sentence, Theres nothing I can do about it. She went, What do you mean theres nothing you can do about it? Stop a six-year-old from eating a whole chicken every day. Of course theres something you can do. He goes, Theres nothing I can do. And she said, For Gods sake, man, dont cook him a chicken. And we all pissed ourselves laughing in unison when he shouted back at her. He went, No! Thats the problem. He cooks it himself! Oh, man. So… inevitably, my dad died. If youve lost someone, you know how shit that is. We were very close. I want to fast forward two and a half years to Christmas two and a half years ago. My sister had brought the kids home and my brother-in-law, and we were sitting in the front room about to watch the Queens speech. Of course, a big tradition in Britain. Three oclock on Christmas day, lots of people sit down and listen to the Queen has to say about the year thats gone behind us. My mom never misses it. Now… I did an award-winning fart. It ripped through the room like fork lightning. I knew it was a classic, cause the Queen hadnt spoken yet, but it caused my mom to leave the room. My sister said this to me. She said, You know Ive just realized. I went, Go on. Ive just realized your farts, they sound exactly like Dads. Now… my dad was an academic, a world traveler, the funniest man Ive ever met. He wouldve bored you himself. He once played cricket with the King of Jordan. And I thought to myself, Hmm, I wonder… Is that the epitaph he would have dreamt of? That he has passed down anus genes to his son. That the strongest genetic… gift he gave his son… was the same anus. I thought… If Im gonna talk about him in a show, Im gonna put a better epitaph out there. So I started thinking of pithy things I could sum my dad up with. He was a very funny man, he used to lie to us all the time for fun, to amuse himself. He once told us he was bitten by shark off the coast of North Wales. He was a very proud Welshman, my dad. And when my sister used to get mad and go, Why do you lie to us? Hed go, Because the truth is so boring. And I thought, Thats a great epitaph. And I thought another epitaph could be the time that I wound him up when I was a teenager, and he grabbed me by the throat once and pushed me against the wall and said, Dont mess with me, you fuck pig. Which is an extraordinary epitaph. Do you know what Ive realized? You cant write an epitaph. Think about someone youve lost and been close to. Its impossible to sum a human being up with a pithy thing. Its not possible, because there are a thousand different things to a thousand different people, just as we all are, as well. You cant do it. You cannot try and convince everyone that youre all right. With all that said… I hope youll indulge me, Im gonna leave you tonight with a small tribute to my dad. We once did a long trip to Wales. And on that road trip, he said to me, You know nothing of Wales, do you? You know nothing of your heritage. of Welsh culture? And I dont. Hes right. I didnt then, and I dont now. And I couldnt give a shit. Sorry if you enjoyed Who Do You Think You Are? [laughs] Not true, of course. I said, What do you want me to do? He said, Learn some Welsh. I went, Lets go. He said, Im gonna teach you a song. I said, Teach me a song. He goes, A traditional Welsh folk song. And I tried to learn it. In three hours, I learned two lines, because Welsh as a language is insane. But I learned those two lines, and he was thrilled that Id done it. I could see it in his eyes, and Ive never forgotten them. So if youll indulge me, Im gonna leave you by singing those two lines tonight. [clears throat] Thank you. [singing in Welsh] Thanks. Thanks. It was… It was years later, I sang that song to my Welsh friend, and he said, What the fuck? I said, Its a Welsh folk song. He goes, Its not a Welsh folk song. Do you want me to translate it? I went, Go on. [speaks Welsh] The monkey is in the tree playing with its potatoes. It doesnt even make sense. [speaking Welsh] The squirrel is under the table, ram it up my ass. That tells you more about my dad than a thousand epitaphs ever could. Ladies and gentlemen, I dont like to leave things unfinished. So I have finished that song since my dads died, using as many of the beautiful animals in Gods glorious Kingdom as I could. Ive tried to match the tone. Ive had it converted into Welsh for you. And I think, arguably, Ive gone further than anyone would ever go, in that Ive hired a male voice choir to sing it for me. Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome the Phoenix Choir of Wales. A tribute to my father. And if your fathers gone, let it be a tribute to him, too. Please, enjoy. ? The farmers wife was very vexed ? ? Hed been acting very odd ? ? She asked, What the hell is wrong with you? ? And this was his reply ? ? The reply ? ? The monkey is up the tree ? ? Playing with its potatoes ? ? And the squirrel is under the table ? ? Ram it up my arse ? [Greg] So beautiful. ? She said, Leave that squirrel alone ? ? Or were heading For a nasty divorce ? ? Pray, look upon the wren, he said ? ? Its licking out the horse ? If you feel emotional, just let it out. Its fine. ? The crow has slapped its tits All night ? ? The otters balls are very long ? ? I saw the stoat shaving its clam ? ? Get that squirrel up my wrong ? ? Up my hole ? ? The cat felt up the spider ? ? And his bellend went really stiff ? ? Two bison 69d ? ? And a rhino flashed its snatch ? ? These animals arent even on the farm ? ? His poor wife cried out ? ? Dont let the zebra hear ? ? Hes gay without a doubt ? ? Go and see a shrink ? ? About your problems, my dear ? ? The squirrel is under the table, He cried ? ? Now ram it up my arse ? For our fathers. For our fathers, ladies and gentlemen. The Phoenix Choir of Wales, please. Ladies and gentlemen, its amazing to be back in London. Thank you so much for coming to see me. I had such a great time. Take care of yourselves. Thank you. ? Now usually I dont do this But go ahead ? ? And break em off with a little preview Of the remix ? ? Now Im not trying to be rude ? But, hey, pretty girl, Im feeling you ? ? The way you do the things you do Reminds me of my Lexus Coupe ? ? Thats why Im all up in your grille ? ? Trying to get you to a hotel ? ? You must be a football coach ? ? The way you got me playing the field ? ? So, baby, give me that toot-toot Let me give you that beep-beep ? ? Running my hands through my ‘fro Bouncing on 24s ? ? While they saying on the radio ? ? Its the remix to Ignition Hot and fresh out the kitchen ? ? Mama rolling that body Got every man in here wishin ? ? Sippin on coke and rum Im like, So what? Im drunk ? ? Its the freakin weekend, baby Im about to have me some fun ? ? Bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce Bounce, bounce, bounce ? ? Bounce, bounce, bounce, come on ? ? Now its like Murder She Wrote ? ? Once I get you out them clothes ? ? Privacy is on the door ? ? But still they can hear you Screaming more ? ? Girl, Im feeling what you feeling No more hoping and wishing ? ? Im about to take my key And stick it in the ignition ? ? So give me that toot-toot Let me give you that beep-beep ? ? Running her hands through my ‘fro Bouncing on 24s ? ? While they saying on the radio ? ? Its the remix to Ignition Hot and fresh out the kitchen ? ? Mama rolling that body Got every man in here wishin ? ? Sippin on coke and rum Im like, So what? Im drunk ? ? Its the freakin weekend, baby Im about to have me some fun ? ? Bounce, bounce, bounce, bounce Bounce, bounce, bounce ? ? Bounce, bounce, bounce, come on ?

MARLON WAYANS@WOKE-ISH@2018@How the fuck we doing, DC? We good? That music gets you hyped, man. I see why theres so many shootouts in hip-hop clubs. Its the music, man. Make you feel like you punched your best friend in the face. Im hyped! Ill punch a nigga in the face with a right! Damn. My bad, Larry. Shit. You did the same shit to me with that Lil Uzi song last week. No. You shot me right there. I, like, still party. You know? Yeah, Im 45. Im a…yeah. You know that black dont crack unless you smoke it. No, but I still party. Im like an old-young nigga. Like… You know what I mean? Like… Im not like the nigga that wears the Fubu and the… and the Lugz and the big puffy jacket, with the receding hairline and the Yankee cap. I aint him. Im the skinny jeans, new 2.0, young-old nigga. No. And then girls, when they dance, they come real low and Im like, Hey, Im young in the face and old in the knees. You… They be going down here, like, Hey… Im like, Baby, I cant follow you down there. When I get to L-position, my black ass come right back up. No. ‘Cause I dont wanna be that nigga that go down, try and chase it, like, Hey… And your old ass gets stuck down there, and she got to help you up. And you hear your knees pop on the way up, Pop, pop, pop, pop! Its so loud, nigga s think they shooting, Pop, pop, pop! Oh, shit! They shooting! Naw, they aint shooting. Thats just my knees, man. I cant commit physically to a song until I know what the fucking words are. Im sorry, these… Lyrics to these songs be crazy. They be like, Im sucking dick in the closet… Naw, Im good on that. Nah. Imma sit this one out. Im waiting for some Usher to come on, something safe. Im saying, you know the good part of the songs coming on… You know, its funny, like, you could tell when the good part come on cause, brothers, we be like, Oh! This my shit, right here! Its funny cause black women start stretching on your ass… It be like, Aw, this my song right here! Im about to twerk the shit out… No. Imma twerk the shit out this, girl. I dislocated my clitoris, popping my pussy to this. Girl, I broke my hymen twice on this part. Right here. Some of these rappers, they spend their money on frivolous shit. You know what they need? They need, like, some financial advisors. They need to sit down with a nigga thats Charles Schwab or Merrill Lynch, you know, before they write they rhymes. ? I got nine cars…? Wait, nigga. Those are depreciating assets. You wanna put that money on a nice condominium for yourself. ? Im poppin bottles with models ? Hold on, now. Those bottles are $700 in the club. You could take your ass right down to Costco… You get the same bottle for 29.99. And if you get the red tag special, youll get it for 24.99. And dont pop bottles with models. No. They do cocaine and they can fucking drink all night. Go get you a nice, regular bitch that got to work in the morning. ? I got a mouth full of gold teeth ? Well, brother, now you on to something. ‘Cause gold stocks is making a comeback, ever since Brexit. Look, you hear the spatter of Republican laughter. Only the people with money could laugh at that last joke. People with money was like… This guys a hoot! You know, but I realize that Im old school, man. I like old-school hip-hop. I like, like, Rappers Delight. ‘Cause Rappers Delight was such a fun song, you know? It was fun. The lyrics was easy to remember. Its like Dr. Seuss wrote that motherfucker. It was happy. It was, like, hip-hop even white people could enjoy. ‘Cause the lyrics were so basic. ? I said a hip hop, hippie to the hippie The hip, hip a hop, and you dont stop ? ? A-rock it to the bang bang Boogie, the up, yo, the boogie? ? To the rhythm of the boogie the beat? Look how happy white people are right now. These two white boys is in their seat, like, Wow! ? Hip woppy, to the beat? ? And me, the crew, and my friend Were gonna try and move our feet? ? See, I am? ‘Cause the lyrics were so simple to remember. ? Hotel, motel, Holiday Inn? ? You say what? ? If your girl starts actin up, then you take her friend? Yeah! Fuck yeah! Why reward bad behavior? I aint trying to be a hater. You know, I like some of todays artists. Like, I love Jay-Z. I love…I love Jay-Z. You know, what I love about Jay-Z is that… hes an artist that matures and his music matures with him. You know, like, right now his new album, 4:44. Hes talking about grown man shit. Stuff thats relevant to grown-ass men. You know what Im saying? Like, hes talking about, like, marriage, and children, and family legacy and wealth, and cheating on your wife. And getting caught. And getting your ass beat in the elevator by her crazy little sister. You know, shit that happens to grown folks. That shit happened to me twice last year. But see, some of these rappers be rhyming like they 25 years old. Im like, hold on a second. nigga, you 50! I want some age-appropriate rhymes from you. You better give me some middle age crisis rhymes, nigga. ? These young rappers think Im a sweetie, nah, sugar high, diabetes? ? These rappers wanna fight me, go ahead, call your boys? ? You cant kick my ass, Theyre full of hemorrhoids? ? Oh, you wanna fight this? I stay knuckled up? ? Thanks to my arthritis ? I like some of todays music, you know? I like some of todays artists. Like, I like Future. You guys like Future? White people look confused. Its a rapper. You know… Well, the future… Sure, I love the future. Im looking forward to the future. Im so sorry about the past. You know… The whole slavery thing. Im sorry. Future is a rapper, okay? And I like Future, but see… I listen to the lyrics and I think that Future… this brother need rehab. All his songs, hes mixing some kind of weird drug combination. His new song, Mask Off… Hes mixing Molly with Percocet. nigga, thats a bad drug combination. You trying to kill motherfuckers or what? You OD in the car, listening to this niggas album. What is the drug culture going in hip-hop? Its one thing when Dr. Dre did The Chronic. You know, shit. We all smoke a little weed. Shit. Yeah, right? Yeah, some of us sell it. Right, nigga? But Molly and Percocet? And thats a hit song. Whats the next hit song from a bad drug combination? ? Crack cocaine and baby aspirin? ? Crack cocaine and baby aspirin? ? We gonna chop it up? ? We put it in a cup? ? Crack cocaine and baby aspirin ? ? Dont be crazy? ? Give it to your baby? ? Crack cocaine and baby aspirin? But at least I understand the words thats coming out of Futures mouth. Right? I understand the lyrics. I understand what hes saying. Now… Can somebody please, be kind enough to tell me… What in the entire fuck… is Desiigner saying in the song Panda? Who the fuck gave Buckwheat a record deal? Like, I understand the first lyrics, right? ? I got broads in Atlanta? And then this nigga lose me. ? Legacy panda? ? Black car look like a panda? Okay, nigga. So, how high were you when you wrote this fucking song? Like, how did this happen? Was ya in your house? You had a party, there was girls over. You know, you were smoking weed, got paranoid and shit, and started hallucinating. You came out your house, you was, like, ? I got broads in Atlanta? ? White Legacy panda? ? The black car? ? It look like a panda? You dont understand. nigga, when I first… When I first heard this song, right? My son walks by me… The boys not even saying lyrics. I dont know what the fuck… He walk by, he just making noises. Just strange sounds. He walk by me going… I pulled his mommy to the side. We called the doctor. I thought this little nigga had Tourettes syndrome. Throughout the entire song, Desiigner is screaming… That shit sound painful. That sound like the inaudible sound that you make when you go to take a piss in the middle of the night, in a dark room, and you bust your toe… on a piece of furniture that aint got no fucking business being in the bedroom, but your girl thought it was cute. You know what Im saying? So, you go to take a piss and you be like, Aw, shit… And your girl wake up, knowing its her fault. She put the shit there, like, You okay? No, bitch, I aint okay. What the fuck you got a goddamn treasure chest in the damn bedroom for? The fuck are you, a pirate? When do you make that noise? Thats the sound Id make… if somebody was to wax… this part of my asshole. You know that weird meat between your ass and your balls, fellas? Its a weird little area because there look like there should be a vagina there, but God was like, Come on, you cant have a pussy and a dick. Sew that shit up, Jesus. Okay, Dad. And it got them weird, scraggly hairs on it. The hair dont grow right there. Its all scraggly and sparse. But it lay down. It look like LeBron James‘ hairline right here. But if your hairs real nappy and shit, it look like Kevin Durants. But its a weird little area, this little place, right? Because its real sensitive, right? Its the part on your body where your girl lick, fellas, right? And it feels really good. It make you make all kind of little weird, tickly noises, like… It feels so good, youll be making noises like a white girl in a lesbian porno. Youll be like, Oh, my fucking God! Fuck yeah! Fuck yeah! Lick my fucking gooch! Lick my fucking gooch! But you know when she lick it, you feel a little bit gay when she do it? You be conflicted, like, Oh, my God, suck my ass! Here, suck my dick! Make me straight again! Go back down! Lick my gooch! Lick the taint! Come back up! Make me straight again! Okay, listen. Dont tell nobody, okay? You promise you aint going to tell nobody? Nah, nah, cause when you get mad, you be saying all my fucking business. You promise you aint going to tell nobody? All right. Im going to trust you. Here. Go on, get all that gooch. Oh, my fucking God! Get my fucking gooch! Fuck yeah! Hold on, get the dick, too. We call that the Doberman pinscher tail. Well, if somebody was to wax that part of my asshole, Id make that noise. Thank yall for coming out, man. I chose DC to film my first special. ‘Cause the first place I came to perform… I went to Howard University. Thats right. HU! Yeah, I didnt graduate. I know all that shit. I just… I only went for three semesters, but… Then In Living Color came on. I was, like, Bye, nigga s, Im gonna get rich! Fuck your school, nigga! Fuck your school! Fuck your positivity, nigga s! Its great to hear yall laughter, man, because this world is going through shit, and laughter is healing and I think we all need to do more of it. Man, you look at the world, we got hurricanes, we got earthquakes, fires, floods. Its fucking armageddon. And you know who I blame? I blame the Kardashians. See… They are ruining this world, one Negro at a time. I dont know what is in the vagina of a Kardashian, but I think they got Zika in there for nigga s. Its like, as soon as you put your dick in a Kardashian, their vagina sucks… all the talent… out your dick. Just… It leaves you weak. Everyone that bang em. They need to do the movie Get Out… about the goddamn Kardashian family. Ill make that my next movie. Haunted House 3, right? You know, Im dating one of em. Its like Khloe, Kim, or Kletus… You know, all them nigga s start with a K. And I walk up and see Kanye West and go, Hey, Kanye! Hey, man, lets take a picture! We take a picture. The flash goes off… That niggas nose start bleeding. He snaps out of a trance, he grabs my hand, he goes, Get out! Get out! Get out! They drag him away, right? And I get scared, so I run outside. And I see Lamar Odom. Hes all cracked out, doing this shit here. I look upstairs, like… I see Caitlyn Jenner. Looking in the mirror. The motherfuckers wig fall off. He got a scar going across his forehead. You know what that scar is? From all them damn face surgeries. But heres the thing. I know Im talking shit about the Kardashian family, but I want to say this and say it out loud. I respect them and I applaud them for embracing Bruce for being Caitlyn. ‘Cause, you know, that shit is hard, man. That shit is hard on your family cause love and unconditional acceptance is a motherfucker. And I dont know if we all got that property in us. Thats hard. I call myself woke, but not all the way. Im up, nigga, but Im not…Im woke-ish! ‘Cause I still see the world and go, All right, I accept it, but heres whats funny about that motherfucker. I think its beautiful that they accept him and I know its hard on the family. I could tell at the ESPYs. When Caitlin was giving a speech and she wanted to thank the family? She was like, I just want to thank my children… She always moving her mouth around, look like a black man that… You know how black people taste the food before the shit is ready and its hot? And you trying to cool it off and chew it at the same time. I just want to thank my children… for loving me as the beautiful butterfly I was born to be… And the camera pan to the kids. And they was like, What in the fuck? nigga, Kim Kardashian started slowly sinking in her seat, like, nigga, that aint my daddy. My daddy dead. Thats just some strange nigga my mama was banging for his Wheaties money. Speaking of banging strange nigga s, come on, Kanye, lets get up outa here. Aw, Khloe, you aint got to worry with your big, ol ass. We all know OJ is your real daddy, so… Aw, nigga, tell me she dont look like the Juice! Put a black glove on Khloe, I bet you that shit wont fit. Heres how I know shes OJs, okay? I seen her at the airport. Shes trying to rent a Hertz Rent-a-Car. And the bitch was jumping over luggage. And if Bruce wanna be Caitlyn, Im fine with that, but, see, we live in America, and we still have the fucking freedom of speech. I have the right to have an opinion, the right to have a thought because I live in America and the First Amendment says we have freedom of speech. Its the most important Amendment. Thats right.You know why? Yes. ‘Cause I went to public school and they didnt teach the fucking rest. So, if Bruce want to be Caitlin… You want to cut your dick off… Hey, man, more pussy for me. But Im still entitled to have my opinion, right, bro? So, please, please, please… Please, motherfucking please… just stop trying to tell me that this motherfucker is beautiful. Im sorry! Im sorry, okay? Look, Bruce Jenner was a good-looking white man. Right? But as a white woman? Shit… I aint seen a white chick that ugly since me and Shawn in the fucking movie. You were thinking it! You said it! Such a crazy time, man. Such a crazy time in this world. Fucking racism is coming back like cocaine and skinny jeans. Look at this shit here. Its crazy, but you know what? I dont think its coming back everywhere. Im not going to let it come back with me and my friends. And I know a good number of people in here aint going to let it come back with them and their friends. We came too fucking far to allow racism to break us up now. So, were having real conversations about real issues, right? For example, my white friends want to say the n-word. Yeah. And Im like… nigga, no. And theyre confused, or perplexed as they call it. Why cant I say it? You say it. Im like, Yeah. Well, Im a nigga. I can do that type of shit. Well, its in all the rap songs. Yeah, guess what? Them nigga s, too. They can say that type of shit. Well, but why cant I say it? I said, Look, nigga… I said, N i g g e r was a word that was used to hurt black peoples feelings, to demean us and make us feel less than everybody. But see, brothers, we took that word and we transposed it. We remixed it. And we took our pain and we turned that shit into positivity. And we took the word n i g g e r and turned it into a term of endearment. It went from, N i g g e r, to, nigga! And thats a beautiful thing that black people in our culture do. Its a powerful thing that we do. We did the same thing with chains. Chains. They was meant to enslave us, keep us captured. Keep us as slaves. But now that shit is status quo. Whats the first thing black people do when we get some fucking money? Buy some motherfucking chains. Brothers be like, Look at all these chains on my neck! Im getting my feet shackles bling next week. Look at what black folks did with a pig. A pig. A filthy, dirty animal, they gave us during slavery to eat. Like, You wanna eat some meat? Well, eat this, n i g g e r s! And black people was like, Well, okay. And look at what…We tore a pig up. We ate every fucking part of the pig. If black people could eat a pigs soul, wed deep fry that shit. To this day, when a pig see a black person, that motherfucker run off scared, like… nigga, hide me. No. The black folks is coming. No. Hide me. Please, let the white folks get me cause all they make is bacon. These motherfuckers, they eat every fucking part of me. Look at my feet. They took my fucking feet. They chopped them off. And they put em in these fucking see-through jars. And they eat the shit cold. And they hands get sticky and start looking like pig feet. Look at what… Look at what they did with my intestines. They took my fucking intestines out! And they clean the shit out. All…The whole family. The momma, the kids, the uncle, they clean the shit out with vinegar. They boiled it, put some Larrys on it, and called the shit, chitlins. It stunk up the whole house and they still ate it. The nigga s ate my ass! Literally! Look at…Man, look at my neck. Look at my motherfucking neck. Whys it like this? ‘Cause the nigga took my neck bone, boiled it and put it in some fucking collard greens! Thats beauty of black people, the beauty of our culture, thats how we do. We take our pain and we turn it into positivity. But you know…And my white friend, you know, he was like, Well, what can I do to say it? I was like, Motherfucker… White people so damn persistent. I see why yall is successful. You negotiate everything. Oh, well I hear your angle, but what if… I know you have a wall up, but if I dig a tunnel up under here… How do I get to the n-word? Im like, Look, man, I wish there was a protocol that I could give you, okay? I wish there was an application you could fill out, and you could send it in to nigga immigrations. You go to niggagations and get your fucking nigga pass. You know what I mean? And theres an angry brother sitting at the desk. He got to interview you. Hes sitting there like… Yeah, what you want? Im here to get my nigga… Youre here to get what, motherfucker? Im here to get my n-word pass. All right. Thats better. All right, well…who sent you? Laqkieché. Spell it. L…A…Q…apostrophe… K…I…E… C…H… E…Accent over the E… And? And the Q is silent. My nigga! That was… That was a hard one, man. Hey, I want to thank you. Now I know how to spell my wife and my daughters name. Thank you, brother. Hey, dont forget your nigga pass. Here you go. All right, next. All right. On The Cosby Show when Denise made Theo that designer knock-off shirt… What was the name of the real designer that she knocked off? Goldie Gotrell! My nigga! Thumb imprint, nigga. Get your nigga pass. All right. Next! Lets see here… All right, lets see your application. All right. Okay. Okay. Your hobbies are eating, drinking, smoking, and all types of ill shit. All right. All right… Whats your favorite flavor of Kool-Aid? Its fruit punch. I love fruit punch. I dont know… Personally, I like grape. You know? ‘Cause… It does something funny to a black persons mouth cause the sweet and the tangy makes your mouth do this here… Okay… When making Kool-Aid… What… is your sugar… to water… ratio? Well, that be three parts sugar, one part water. Motherfucker, what you making, milk? Denied! Get the fuck up out of here! What kind of sour pucker shit you making? Let me tell you something. Its 18 parts sugar… dash of water. If you sip it and dont get instant diabetes, well, motherfucker, that aint Kool-Aid. You made Gatorade. And, hey, hey. For your information… every nigga know the flavor aint fruit punch. The flavor is… Red! Red! So, finally I caved in and I gave him a nigga pass. I gave him a nigga pass cause I knew him my whole life, and I knew if we had beef with other brothers, he was going to have my back. And I love him like a brother, so, I was like, Listen, you keep this shit between me and you. See, because a nigga pass is regional. You do not get a universal nigga pass. You gotta get your nigga passport stamped. Every fucking new black person you meet, they gotta stamp it with approval. Because heres the thing. Theres only one white boy that got a universal nigga pass. And that is Eminem. You know why? ‘Cause Dr. Dre endorsed him. His baby mama drama is real… and that freestyle he did about Donald Trump was amazing. So, what Im saying is, you can say nigga around yo nigga s, but if you think you gonna go around some new nigga s… and say nigga? nigga! Nows the time you dont want to be a nigga. Its a tough time, man, being black in America. Cops are shooting nigga s like they playing a game of Pokemon GO up in this motherfucker. Im like, Wait, are yall getting points for that shit? But see, for black folks, man, its scary being black. When the cops are in back of me… Something happens to you when you are a black person. You immediately…When the cops… The lights dont gotta be on, they just in back of you. You immediately freeze. And you start looking in the rearview mirror, hoping they dont see you seeing them in the rearview mirror. And then you change the position of how you seat. ‘Cause, you know, black folks, we drive back here. Them cops come in back of you, you sit up real white up in that motherfucker. If, for a split second, you be in your car, like, Wait, did I steal this shit? Something has to change. And I think they need a new check and balance system. You cant partner a potentially racist cop with another potentially racist cop. No. We need check and balance. So, for every potentially racist cop, well partner him with a strong, black, female officer. Yes, because sisters are firm, but they are fair. And they aint gonna let no injustice happen. That white cop get out of hand? Oh, sister going to check his ass. And she going to check the crook, too, if he get out of hand. You know? White cop like, Get the fuck out the car! Get the fuck out the car! Hold the fuck up! You aint got to talk to him that way. You aint got to talk to him that way. He is a human bein. I think you meant ‘being. Motherfucker, I said, ‘being. The G is silent. So goddamn sick. Come on, baby, get your ass up out the car. You see, he turned all red in the face, that means hes upset. Come on, get up out the car. Put your fucking hands up! Put your fucking hands where I can see em! See, hold up. I ‘pecifically told you… I ‘pecifically told you, dont speak to that boy like that. I think you meant ‘specifically. Motherfucker, I said… ‘Pecifically. The S is silent. Now come on, baby, get your ass up out the car. Put your hands in the air, but dont wave em like you just dont care. Oh, my God, look at…He has a gun. Look at that thing in his pants! I think he has a fucking gun! Its a 12 gauge! Its huge! Motherfucker, dont shoot! Thats not a gun. Its his dick, motherfucker. Yeah, move. I got this. Baby, whats your fucking problem? You know why we pulled your ass over? Look at you. You got fucking saggy jeans. You got tattoos on your face, gold teeth in your mouth. Where the fuck do you think you going? You aint going to work, motherfucker. Thats for goddamn sure. And whats that weed smell? Gimme that shit! Oh, thats that raspberry yum-yum. We going to have to keep this. Confiscate this for evidence. Okay, everythings good here. No. I want to ask him some… Motherfucker, dont axe him shit. Ill axe the questions. Oh, my God, Lacricia, its not ‘axe, its ‘ask. Motherfucker, I said axe. The S is silent. Now get your ass up in the car. And my name aint Lacricia, its Laqkieché. The Q is silent. Now, come on. Lets go get some breakfax. Its just a crazy time, man. Now, you see, Im passionate about this shit, cause Im a father. I have two beautiful, teenage kids. Beautiful, black children. You see, I get concerned when they leave my house that… they may not come home because of the shit thats popping off, and I just cant have that. I just cant. And see, I dont care if youre black, I dont care if youre white, I dont care if youre Middle Eastern. I dont care if youre Asian, I dont care if youre a little person, cause little people got babies, too. They just real little. No parent should be strapped with the anxiety of, Is my child going to be safe? But see, they tell us as… They tell us, as black folks that we need to have the talk with our children. You hear about this? The talk. Its when you sit your children down and you explain to them how to respond respectfully when law enforcement pulls them over. And see, Im down for that. And I think thats the responsible thing to do as a parent. You sit your children down, you tell them to be respectful to our law enforcement. So, see, I tried to have the talk with my kids… And you know… halfway through the talk I sound like an old, scared slave that didnt know he had his freedom. I was talking to my kids, I was like, Baby, if the cops pull you over, you hush your mouth, and now dont you sass me, boy! Dont you sass me now, boy! The cops pull you over, I want you to hold your head down in humility. And you just rock back and forth, he goes, ‘You know why I pulled you over? I want you to smile! Show all 36 of your teeth. He goes, ‘You know why I pulled you over? Go, ‘No, suh, but I sure do trust ya! And he goes, ‘You wise-mouthing me? Go, ‘No, suh, Id never do such a thing, Mr. Bossman. Yeah, so you use all kinda surnames. See, the white ego love that. ‘No, suh, Mr. Bossman, master-man, suh, Id never do such a thing. Then he goes, ‘You want me to read you your rights? You best to stay humble. You say, ‘Yes, suh, please do. Well, you know I cant read. I get upset. You know why I get upset? Because I get jealous. I get jealous because I got white friends and Ive been pulled over with my white friends and what Ive found is that white people are not afraid of the police. Black people are. ‘Cause when we got pulled over, my white friend cursed the fucking police out. He cursed the police out so bad, I thought he pulled the cop over. I swear to God, he was going to write the cop a ticket. I was hiding in the glovebox, like, nigga, he gonna get shot sooner or later. Because heres the talk that white people have with their kids. If the cops pull you over, I want you to say, ‘Hey, bucko! You better have a goddamn, good reason why. Yeah, if he starts to mouth off to you, say, ‘Hey, hey! Hey, buddy. You watch your freaking mouth. You watch your freaking mouth. I pay my taxes. Yeah, so that means you work for me. Yeah, if he keeps it up and he reaches for his pepper spray, youre like, ‘I fucking dare ya. I fucking dare ya. I double dog dare ya. Go ahead. Spray me right in my blue eye and make it red. Yeah, cause Ill have my lawyer so far up your asshole, youll need a goddamn gerbil to get him out. Then, he says one more smart thing, one more smart thing, I want you to grab his pen and go, ‘Thats it! Im going to write a letter. ‘Dear Mr. President Trump… Fucking Trump. What an interesting year it has been, huh, people? Dear white folks and Trump supporters, please fasten your seat belt, its going to get a little turbulent in here for about 5 minutes. So, strap it in and enjoy the ride. Well be out of here in no time. Okay, Trump. This is the craziest shit Ive ever seen. I…Its… Maybe its his reality show background. But… hes turned the White House into a reality show. I swear, I find myself watching politics the way women watch reality shows. Im like, Girl, did you see what happened today? No, what? Girl, sit down. Your boy Trump is tripping again. What happened? Well, first of all, he fired Sean Spicer. He fired Sean Spicer? Why? I dont know. But he hired this cockeyed bitch, Sarah Huckabee Sanders. Let me tell you something, that cockeyed bitch dont be answering nobody questions. Ooh, that cockeyed heifer got attitude. She be like, ‘What the fuck do you want? Hurry the fuck up. I got an eye doctor appointment. I aint got time for this shit. You want a straight answer? Give me a straight eye, motherfucker. Girl, do you know the plot is thickening? You see whats happening over in Russia? I know. Girl, you know what that is? I think Putin got pictures of Trump doing some sexy shit with some Russian prostitutes. Girl, why do you say that? Girl, watch the First Lady. Every time Trump try to grab Melania hand, what does she be doing? She be like, ‘Get the fuck up… Get the fuck up off me! Get the fuck up off me! You pussy-grabby motherfucker, get the fuck up off me! Go sleep your ass in the Oval Office. You aint getting no First Lady Koochie tonight. Girl, do you know he fired Comey? The FBI director? Why? I dont know. But they said some shit about collusion. Now, see, I dont know what the fuck that mean… but it sounds shady as fuck to me. This is a historical time in the history of our country, a historical time. ‘Cause this is the first time I ever seen white people… embarrassed by another white person. This shit is crazy! ‘Cause the beauty of white people is white people love white people. And they support each other, no matter how talented or untalented they are, they have each others back. How the fuck you think Vanilla Ice went multi-platinum? But with Trump, every time he says some stupid shit, some embarrassing shit, I see white people put their head in their hand embarrassed, like, Jesus Christ… This nigga! Gosh! God, I wish I was black today. Ill take the police beatings. Ill take the debt. Ill take the half hour late for everything. Ill even take the ashy shit that formulates right here. I dont know what the fuck it is, but when it gets 55 degrees and lower, they all get real ashy right here. It looks like Spider-Man hit em with a little web, like… Just somebody shut him the fuck up. Every race has somebody that were embarrassed by, okay? Every race. Thats what makes us all the same. Every race got somebody that we are embarrassed by. So, yes, Donald Trump is embarrassing to white people, okay? So, Donald Trump… is the Flavor Flav… of white people. But I look at all thats going on today, and you know what I say? I say, I am happy for Barack. I am so happy for Barack, man. That hes so… Im so happy hes out of office. He look happy. He looks so happy. Because the presidency is stressful. Remember when he first came into office? He looked all young. Looked good in a suit, right? Had that black hair, golden brown skin. He looked like Denzel Washington. 8 years of fighting with Republicans, he got all old and gray. Fucking moles on his face. By the end, that nigga looked like Morgan Freeman. By the end, Barack looked like he was, so tired of taking the Republican shit. Right? He was like, Fuck this bipartisan shit. He looked like he just wanted to curse motherfuckers out. His last speech, he looked like he just wanted to go, Fuck you. Suck my dick. Lick ass, America. Barack is out, bitch! You can take your flag and shove it up your goddamn ass. Thats right. I set up my retirement. Im moving to Seattle, where I legalized weed. And guess what? Im going to smoke my lips black again. Thats what Im going to do. Im dropping an album with Jay-Z and Beyonce. Its called Head nigga s in Charge. I got my own clothing line, Barackawear. You can get it at Macys, right next to Sean John and Rocawear. Be sure to pick up my new cologne, Potus Number 44. Not to be confused with Number 45. That shit stinks. I just signed a lucrative deal with Ciroc Liquor and Sean Diddy Combs. Thats right, Im a Ciroc boy. So, come drink Ciroc with your boy Barack. You know, I was sitting there watching Barack. Man, that shit is stressful, man. That shit was stressful. I mean, they fucking heckled him. They heckled the president. You aint got to like him, but shit, you should respect him, hes the president. And the man was giving a speech about healthcare, which is important to him. Because he knew, once his black ass was out of office, he probably wasnt gonna have none. And he was giving an impassioned speech, We need healthcare for every American, and we should be fastidious with that healthcare. And a Republican screamed out, You lie! In the middle of his speech. See, now, I know Barack Obamas our first black president, right? But if that was me… and the motherfucker screamed out in the middle of my speech. See, thats when the worlds going to see the first nigga president. Id lose my fucking mind. Id be like, We need healthcare for every American and we should be fastidious with that… You lie! Who the fuck said that shit? Who the fuck said that shit? Hey, yo, Biden! nigga, Biden, we got beef! Hillary, get the fuck off me. Hillary, get the fuck up off of me! Nah, I aint Bill. I dont play that shit. Yo, Michelle. Handle that bitch. Im from Hawaii, motherfucker! What? I got nukes motherfucker! Do we have a problem? I said… Do…we…have…a…problem? See, I want to take this time to explain to white people… what Barack Obama meant to black people. See, we didnt like Barack because he was black. Okay, maybe we did, but thats not the point. It was part of it, okay, but… We liked Barack because he was good and he represented something for us. He symbolized something for black people. See, Barack Obama winning the presidency, symbolized… for black people… the first time in the history of us being in this country… that we felt like we won. After all weve been through. Segregation, civil rights, slavery. And Barack Obama winning the presidency, was the first time we, as black people, felt like we won. See, that and the OJ trial. But see, we… we… we knew that nigga did it! Oh, we knew that nigga did it! Oh, Im so sorry! Im so sorry! He killed them poor white people. Im so fucking sorry! He aint shit! He aint shit. That motherfucker! He killed them poor white… He killed that little boy, too! He killed his ass! All that little boy wanted was some pussy! Thats all. We just wanted to win. We just wanted to win. And when Barack won, I cried, my kids cried, my momma cried. Every black person cried because you know what? We felt like a bunch of slaves on a plantation that watched one brother get his freedom. We was like, You better run, Barack! You better run! ? Whoa, my lord, lord, lord, lord ? I need some water. Before I overheat like Wendy Williams. It looked like God was fucking with her. Like, All them people you talk shit about. Im fucking with you now. Sit yo ass… You know whats crazy, man? Is, if I had one wish. I wish that we can erase hate. Because hate…hate… Its killing us as people. How do you erase hate, man? Because hate creates racism. Hate creates fear. It creates prejudice. And now its going from racism and its transforming. And now we have gaycism. We have people hating on people because of their sexuality. Come on, people. How small-hearted are we? What the fuck is going on? I dont think you judge a man for his race, his creed, his color, their religion, their political background, their financial status, their sexuality, the diameter of their asshole, who gives a fuck? Heres my take on gay people. Lets keep it real. Do you! Do you! Just dont do me! You know what I think gay people need, that really want they equality? That really want they civil rights? I think they need a gay civil rights leader. Yeah. They need, like, a Martin Luther King… but a gay one. They need Martin Luther Queen. You know, Martin Luther Queen come out. Hes a dignified brother, right? He got on a suit and tie. But he got this shit turned up right here, like, Hi… Hi… He got his own personalized microphone. It got little balls on it. And he comes out and he does his version of the famous I had a dream speech, but the gay version. Hes like… I… had a dream… girl. I had a dream… that one day, one day… black boys…Hey… Little white boys… I help you with the swirl. Hey… Little Hispanic boys… Or as I like to call you, papitos. Hey… Hey, papitos. I had a dream… that we could all sit at a table as a group of brethren. Just brethren. No fish allowed. Pew. Pew. I had a dream that we can have the same marital rights as straights do. Yes, that gays can get married. Hey… Gays can get divorced. Ya… And we can take half of somebody elses shit that dont deserve it. Hey… Yas… I had a dream… that we could fight side by side in the military… with our brothers in the foxholes… Way deep… in them little foxholes. We all nuzzled together inside those little foxholes… ‘Scuse me. This dream just got a little bit wet. I had a dream… I had a dream that we could change our small-minded military slogan from ‘dont ask, dont tell, but to,  ‘who cares, mind your fucking business. So, let us all join hands, you let us all join hands, and you let freedom ring. You let freedom ring through the chilly, gay streets of San Francisco. You let freedom ring through the dirty streets of New York City, filled with all them cute, little Hispanic boys. I see you, Jose and Juan, and I raise you a Julio. You let freedom ring, you let freedom ring through the segregated bathrooms of North Carolina. Who cares if youre transgender or if youre a female, as long as you dont piss all over the toilet seats. And you wipe front to back. Or is it back to front? – Front to back? – Yeah. Front to back, yes. The other way is a little bit messy. You let freedom ring, you let freedom ring through the dark closets of Hollywood, California. Those dark closets, hiding all the scared, little boys whos afraid to come out, afraid to be bullied, afraid to be judged, afraid not to be accepted… afraid to be touched by Kevin Spacey. Too soon? Thats what the little boy said. And you let us all join hands and let us all sing the old, gay anthem. Free that ass, free that ass, thank God all mighty, we done freed that ass. See, this shit that Im preaching, Im not just preaching, Im living. And Im trying to grow and Im trying to evolve. And Im trying and that shit is hard for people to digest. Hard for any human being to digest. But when it comes home to your house, thats when shit changes, man. See, me… Imma tell yall a real story, okay? Real story. My daughter came to me at 15 years old. Shes 17 now. Wonderful girl. She comes to me, she goes, Dad… I kissed a girl… and I think I liked it. And I said, Oh, shit, bitch. That…What the… No, cause thats my little nickname for her. She little bitch. Im a big bitch. I got the little t-shirts, Big bitch, little bitch. But you know, when she first hit me with the news, I was like, Thats how you gonna break the news to me? You gonna tell me in the form of a song? ? I kissed a girl And I think I liked it? ? Is that the new shit kids are doing? Hey, Dad, Im fucking up at school. What happened? ? I fucked up the commas I fucked up the commas, yeah ? So I said, you know, I said, Okay, baby girl. I said, Well, you know, this is your first sexual experience. Right? Hey, nigga, right? She said, Umm…yeah. Its my first sexual… I said, Man, that sounds shady as fuck to me. I said, Listen, baby girl. I said, Youre 15 years old. You are entitled to experience things and find your way. You know, youre a young kid and, you know, who knows, when you go to college, you know, you may feel differently. And she stopped me. She said, Dad… but what if Im gay? And I said… Well, baby girl, I said… If you are gay, and this is the life that you chose, or better yet, the life that chose you. Understand, you got a tough road ahead of you. See, the world… may judge you. Some people will… outcast you. Some people gonna look at you funny. Others will never accept you. You are a quadruple minority. You are a female, gay, black Wayans. Thats a tough, fucking life. But I said, Thats out there. Theyre going to judge you. But, baby girl, when you walk into this home. I said, Youre gonna get nothing but love, respect, and unconditional embraces from me cause I love you. But you got to try a dick, right? You got to… You got to try a dick, right? Just a, you know, one dick. Like, you know, just accidentally, like fall… Or just let a dick hit you in the head. Look, girl, you got to try the dick, you know? Like, not right now cause youre only 15 years old, but when you get, like 17, 18…Prom night. Try a dick! And dont try a 17-year-old dick cause thats going to be quick and bad and you may be like, Fuck him. Bitches for life. Go get you a nice, seasoned dick. You know? Go get you a nice, 22-year-old grad school dick. You know what I mean? Somebody that had a couple of ill-advised pregnancies, so his pull out game is good. Keeps some Plan B in his pocket. You know? Probably had a couple of diseases already. You know, it was cleared up, but hes still got the bottle of penicillin cause who ever finishes all the penicillin, right? But you got to try a dick, and dont get no little, stabby dick that feel like a number two pencil you fucking. And dont get no super, girthy dick that look like a goddamn Loch Ness Monster, that be breathing on its own. Its so big, it feels like youre giving labor pains. Every time you having sex with it, it feels like you need an episiotomy and an epidural in order to enjoy the shit. And dont get no little, weird, uncircumcised dick. Dont get no… One of them dick that look like an anteater or a Mr. Snuffleupagus. And when you pull the skin back, its all full of lint and cheese. And it smell funny. Like an old gym sock thats been left in a locker room for two or three days. And when you taste it, it tastes bad, like a bad shot of tequila. You need some salt and a lime, in order to get the fucking, nasty-ass taste out your mouth. You got to try a dick. And Imma tell you something, when my daughter… My daughter dated this girl, and she wound up getting a little heartbroken. And… it was hard because, you know, this was a little white girl, too, so she gave me a two for one, right? But when your child is crying on your shoulder about some real tears, about shit thats going on in her life. Its not on me to judge her, its on me to love her. So, I grabbed my baby, and I hugged her, and let her know it was going to be okay. And she was crying and snotting on my brand new Gucci shirt, I was mad about that, but I was like fuck it. I tried to console her the best way I knew how. You know, through the form of a song. I said, Hey, baby girl, you know… ? Bitches aint shit but hoes and tricks ? But my son, right? My sons getting older, man. And hes so handsome. You ever look at your kid, like, nigga, look at how beautiful you are. Look at my sperm. Look at how beautiful you are. I look at him, I shook my head, I was like, nigga…you 15… I looked at him, Listen, man, you gonna get so much pussy when you get older. And I looked over at my daughter, I said, Dont worry, baby girl, you, too. I know hes getting bigger, man, you know, cause he keep coming up to me, you know, and seeing how tall he is on me. He be measuring, like, Hey, Dad, look. Im almost your height. Ill be looking at him, like, nigga, Ill fuck you up. No, no, no. See, cause little boys, they wanna test they daddies. See, thats the threshold for a boy into his manhood. Its: can I whoop my daddys ass? That makes you a man. See, but Im prepared for that shit. Thats why I never sent his ass to karate. But see, little boys are going to test they father. And as a dad, all you want to see is your child be great. Thats all you want, to see your child be their greatest them. And so my son, he was playing basketball, and hes a great basketball player. Yeah, hes so good. And he was playing not so good one game. And as a sports fan, I did what I normally do to a team thats sucking. I heckled his ass. Hey, nigga, you suck! Im like, Hey, hey. What you doing? He goes, Dad, listen, I cant play great every night. I said, Motherfucker, Thats my little nickname for him. He little motherfucker, Im big motherfucker. I got t-shirts, Big motherfucker, little motherfucker. And, so my son… I said, You cant play great every night? I said, Boy, if I didnt play great every night, you wouldnt have food, and nutrition in your stomach to be able to run up and down this goddamn basketball court. If I didnt play great every night, you wouldnt have no goddamn, good sneakers on your feet that make this noise, so that you can play some damn defense, of which your ass aint playing. He goes, But, Dad, come on, this is basketball. It aint work. I said, Motherfucker, life is work. I said, Ive been working since I was six years old, man. What do you think Im doing out here on the road? I write, I produce, I act, I do movies, I do TV, I do standup. I said, If I was a slave, theyd give me a fucking raise. So, dont give me that, ‘Dad, its not work. No, work starts now. You are a young man. Learn to work. And let me tell you something, boy. You got two jobs. You got two jobs. You got… school. And you got basketball. Well, let me tell you something, motherfucker, you fucking up in school. So, the least your stupid ass can do is go out there and play some goddamn basketball. And my son got up all tough, like, I said. He looked at me, he walked away, balled his fists. I said, What, Shawn? I said, What? I said, What, Shawn? You wanna curse at me? He said… I said, You wanna curse at me? Ill tell you what. You go out there and you score 40 points. You can come back here, you can look me in my face and go, ‘Hey, Dad, fuck you! I aint talking about no little, soft ‘fuck you. I want you to look me in my eyes, I want that Daffy Duck, ‘youre despicable spit all over my face. I want your bottom lip to hit your chest when you go, ‘Hey, Dad, fuck you! He said, Aight. I said, Yeah, aight. He said, Aight. I said, Yeah, nigga, aight. Do you know that in a matter of 14 minutes and 58 seconds, this boy went out there and scored 38 points? I have never seen no shit like this. He played so good, I was like, I want a DNA test. Steph Curry come get your fucking baby. He played amazing. And he gets fouled. He brought his team back from a 30 point deficit. He gets fouled. Theres two seconds left on the clock. He goes to the line. He has 38 points. 39. Theyre down one. He looks at me. He closes his eyes, little, cocky motherfucker. The perfect precision. He misses the shot. Clock goes off. They lose by one. I am so happy. Im not happy because he missed the shot. I was happy, man, because as a father, that I seen the greatness in my child. That I seen the great that I knew he could be since birth. That were raising kings and queens, and theyre better than us. They love harder, they live harder, theyre better than us. And you know something beautiful yall? That my kids have never been called a n i g g e r in their life. Except for by me, but see I got a nigga pass, I can do that type of shit. And so my son, I was so proud. I went over to him… And I just couldnt hold back my excitement. I said, See, now thats how you ‘posed to shoot. I felt like Will Smith in Bad Boys. I was like, Thats how you ‘posed to shoot! Thats how you ‘posed to shoot! But I said, Son, why didnt you score 40? He looked at me, said… Because I didnt want to say ‘fuck you to you, Dad. I said, You stupid motherfucker. You lost the goddamn game. I love yall! Thank yall so much!

RICKY GERVAIS@HUMANITY@2018@Hello. Hello! How you doing? Great. Thank you. Wow. Calm down. Shut the fuck up. Thank you. What a lovely welcome. Im gonna try my hardest tonight. Youre thinking, Relax, weve had our moneys worth just seeing you. What? Youre a legend. Shut up! What is he? Im not a god. Im just an ordinary guy, you know, going round talking to people sort… sort of like Jesus… in a way… but better. Well, Ive actually turned up. So… Thank you and welcome to my new show, Humanity. I dont know why I called it that. Im not a big fan. I prefer dogs… obviously. Dogs are better people than people, arent they? Theyre amazing, dogs. Theyre our best friends. They guard us, they guide us. Theres medical detection dogs that can smell if youve got… AIDS. Im not a doctor… but their noses are a thousand times more sensitive than ours, so they go, Cor, youre well HIV! Fuck! You know? And you go, You can smell AIDS on someone? Yeah. Why didnt you smell it on the bloke I brought home last night, you fucking idiot? They did the first three billion years by themselves, evolution and all that. Then we got involved and did some selective breeding. Getting them how we wanted, to do jobs for us. Bit stronger, faster, whatever. Theyre great at the jobs theyre bred to do. They love the job theyre bred to do. Theyre genetically hardwired to love that behavior. Although, the Rhodesian Ridgeback was bred to hunt lions. I cant help but think it was a shock to it when it found out. So weve got all the pedigrees for miles around. A big passing-out parade. Theres a bloke with a white coat and a clipboard. He goes, Right, dogs! They go, What? Who wants to know what job they got? We all do. We all do. Okay, Labradors. Yeah? Do you like carefully bringing back dead ducks? Yeah? Thats your job. Amazing. That is amazing. That is my favorite job. That is my favorite job. Jack Russells? -Yeah? -You like shooting down rabbit holes? -Yeah! -Thats your job. Fuckin hell. Best day ever! Best day ever! -Miniature poodles? -Yeah? Do you like being carried around by elderly homosexuals? -Yeah. -Thats your job. Thats your job. Ridgebacks? Yo! Youre hunting lions. What? Youre hunting lions. Fuck off! -Yeah, you are. -No, were not. Look, lions? Well get fucking mashed! Why cant the Rottweilers hunt lions? Theyre shaking babies. Good boy! Good boy! You shake that baby if you want. Good boy! Cheers. This is my first new stand-up for seven years, if you dont count the Golden Globes. Which you shouldnt. The Golden Globes. Very different. God, a different vibe. Two hundred million people watching. And its live. Big thrill. But with that many people watching, theres a bit of stick. Everyones different, everyones a blogger. Everyone goes, I was offended. -Why? -He said an horrible thing. He said loads of horrible things. Yeah, but that was a thing that I care about. Thats the thing about offense, its about personal feelings. I dont care about the backlash. Comedian in hot water. You know? My girlfriend, Jane, she worries, and she reads things. What have you said? Dont worry. They wont come to the house. Fuck em. So I wind her up. I pretend Im gonna say much worse things than I ever would. I have to make up worse jokes than I actually… Just to scare my girlfriend. When I do the Golden Globes, we go out about a week before. Its in LA. We fly out. Im writing jokes as the ceremony approaches. They release more presenters. I take my pick. I got a good intro for them. Yeah. Mel Gibson? Ill introduce him, yes. About three days before this last one, just to wind Jane up, I said, I got a good intro. She went, What? I said, Bill Cosby would make our next presenter sleep on the couch. Please welcome Helen Mirren! I didnt do it. She said, You wont do that? I said, No. Next day, I got her again. I said, Is this too much? I said, Not even Bill Cosby carries enough tranquilizer to bring down this next magnificent beast. Please welcome Melissa McCarthy! I didnt do it! I would never… Id never… tell a joke like that. Its horrible. I was just doing it to annoy Jane. Id never even… think… of that, so dont… Even on the day, on the way to the red carpet, in the limo, I said, Ill start with a funny one-liner. An old-fashioned joke. She went, What? I said, What did the deaf, dumb and blind orphan get for Christmas? Jane went, I dont know. I said, Cancer. I didnt do it, so… youre getting offended at a joke that doesnt exist, so… Id never say that in public, so… To anyone who mattered, anyway. So, dont… I didnt have to worry about offending anyone. It just happens. The big controversy last time I did it was a Caitlyn Jenner joke. Outrage on Twitter the next day. I mean a couple of people going, It was transphobic. It wasnt transphobic in the slightest. It was a joke about a trans person, but it had nothing to do with that aspect of her existence. And thats the other thing about offense. People mistake the subject of a joke with the actual target. Theyre not necessarily the same. Ill tell you the joke, you make your minds up. Its live, so they go, Your host for the 68th Annual Golden Globes Awards, please welcome Ricky Gervais. Theyre all clapping, the actors are smiling at me. Nervously. Its brilliant, right? So, I just go, Relax, Im gonna be nice tonight. Ive changed. Not as much as Bruce Jenner, obviously. And I go, Now Caitlyn Jenner, of course. And what a year shes had. Became a role model for trans people everywhere, bravely breaking down barriers and destroying stereotypes. She didnt do a lot for women drivers… Thats a clever joke. Ill tell you why. Right? Its layered. No, listen, right? The subject of that joke is stereotypes. Im playing with the notion of stereotypes. I start by saying shes a real woman, a liberal, progressive attitude. Then if shes a real woman, I hit them with the old-fashioned stereotype. She must be a bad driver, then. Right? The target of the joke is a celebrity killing someone in their car. Lets not forget that, shall we? A celebrity killing someone in their car, running home and popping on a dress. Thats… the target of the joke, just so were clear. Okay? She was interviewed a week later at a press conference for a show of hers. Now cancelled. And… one of the press said, What do you think of the Ricky Gervais joke? She went, Maybe I should host the Golden Globes. And they tweeted that and -ed me in, because they want a celebrity feud. It was clickbait. I rose to the bait. Obviously… I just sent back, Let her host. Just dont let her drive. Another website that was in the room, Entertainment Weekly, they tweeted a different headline, and they -ed me in. Their headline was Caitlyn finally breaks silence over Ricky Gervais. I just sent back: At last. She always brakes too late. Bring it on. Bring it on. But Im a considered comedian. I like my jokes to be accurate and my targets to be fair. So I was engaging these people, saying, Why is it transphobic? They said, Its about a trans person. Thats ridiculous. Thats like saying a joke about Bill Cosby is automatically racist. It depends on the joke. But Im willing to learn. I found out my crime was that I dead-named her. Id never heard that term before a day after the Golden Globes. And that was saying her old name, and even acknowledging she used to be a man. But she did! I saw him on the Olympic Games! He was a decathlete, he was in everything! All over the place! Shot put and pole vault. He won a medal! He was famous! He was on telly all the time, you know? A big… famous… man. With a huge… I dont know. Im guessing. Probably. He was big. But Ive learnt my lesson. Now I know its wrong. Id never dead-name her now. But, years ago, when she was a… man… Years ago, Im saying. And she went to the… doctor… and… knocked on the door. The doctor went, Come in! This is years ago. Id never dead-name her now, but this is like… a flashback before anyone… You know what… so… so, like, Come in! And he went, Hello, Bruce Jenner. Because that… that was his name… then. The doctor– This was years ago… The doctor went, All right, Bruce Jenner, how you doing, you fucker? You big old lunk. How you doing? Come here, you, you fucker. How you doing, Brucie boy? And Bruce Jenner– That was his name. This is years ago. Right? So… Bruce Jenner went, Yeah. Yeah, not too bad, Doctor. Yeah. What can I do for you, Bruce, you fucker? How you doing, boy? And Bruce Jenner went– That was his name. Bruce Jenner went… Look at that. The doctor went, Come on, Bruce Jenner, you know the rules. He uses his whole name every time, for some reason… Come on, Bruce Jenner, you fucker. You know the rules. You cant bring your big old pole vaulting pole in here, mate. Bruce Jenner went, No, thats not my pole, thats my enormous penis. Well, seeing as its your penis, you can bring it in here. But you should have left your shot puts outside. And Bruce Jenner went… That was his name for… fifty-eight years, I think. He went, No, theyre not my shot puts, Doctor, theyre my enormous testicles. Thats where I keep my testosterone, and my spunk, and shit, right? And the doctor went, Oh yeah. That makes perfect– Im a medical man. Youre a big bloke. You fucker. How you doing, boy? Youre a big… Youre big, and you would have a big old… cock and… balls. Theyre beautiful. Bit familiar, innit? No, you must be very proud of them, Bruce. Bruce went, This is going to surprise you, Doctor. I wanna get rid of them. And the doctor went, What? Why? Oh, they get in the way. In the way of what? Fucking driving, for one thing! So, Im engaging these people, and Im saying, But I had to say her old name. Thats the joke. I say, Ive changed. Not as much as Bruce Jenner. Then I do the joke. But, no. This is my second crime. I say, she hasnt changed. Shes always identified as a woman. That means shes a woman. Fine, if thats the rules. If you feel youre a woman, you are. Im not a bigot who thinks having all that done is science going too far. In fact, I dont think its going far enough. Cause Ive always identified as a chimp, right? Well, I am a chimp. If I say Im a chimp, I am a chimp. Pre-op. But… Dont ever dead-name me. Dont call me Ricky Gervais again. From now on, you call me Bobo. Im gonna have species realignment. Im halfway there. Im short, with short legs and long arms. I stoop. My backs getting hairier by the day. Ive got fangs, like that. I love nuts. I love nuts. Once, I was at the zoo, and people were looking at me, so I just started masturbating, like… So… I am a chimp, right? I am a chimp if I say Im a chimp. Ive got to live as a chimp for a year. Then have hormones, get me all nice and hairy. Thatd be lovely. Im gonna stay a male chimp… so I can keep all that, right? Male, heterosexual chimp. Keep the same girlfriend. Jane would be happy. She loves me, she loves chimps, so… You know. I reckon thats got to be easier for a man to turn into a chimp, were so close, than for a man to turn into a woman, in many ways. A bit of hair, and a top lip like that, as opposed to your cock and balls ripped off… and a hole gouged out, into– Im not a doctor! But that is… the gist of it. I know which one Id rather have done. Im not saying chimps are better than women. No way. Right? Any ladies here? I cant see you, but, to me, every single one of you is equal… to a chimp. So… So, Id have all that done, hair and that. Id do all that, all the… Ill retain the ability to speak English. Like in emergencies. Im talking to Jane, shes going, What is it? What is it, Bobo? You left the fucking oven on! Theres a fire! Are you saying that if Caitlyn Jenner was being chased by a wolf, and there was a big fence but she had a long pole, shed… revert. Shed be over that fucking… Easy. So Id have all that done. Top lip. Doing all that. Right? Ill be legally a chimp. Ill be well… properly chimped-up. Ill be able to use chimp toilets! Ill be walking along, holding Janes hand. Come on, Bobo. Right? We dont hold hands now. I dont know why shes all over me now Im a chimp. But well be all in love. Maybe matching jumpers. Come on, Bobo. In love. Just two… Like that. Then, if a bigot in a van slows down and goes, Thats fucking disgusting. Ill fling shit at him and run up a tree. And thats why that joke isnt transphobic. So… Cheers. So, humanity. What is humanity? What are we? Well, weve touched upon it there. Were great apes. Not metaphorically! Were literally great apes. We are 98.6% genetically identical to a chimpanzee. Were closer to chimps than chimps are to gorillas. We left our common ancestor about six million years ago. We have the same life cycle. Same as any other animal. Which is… our parents mate… were born… we grow… we mate… our parents die… our friends die… and then we die. Now… my seven-year-old niece didnt like hearing that. But I said, Youve gotta learn. Stop crying. I said, Youre seven. You know… today. So… Any more grizzling and this partys cancelled, so… Lets take the first of those. Birth. Its odd, because a human is born before the end of its natural gestation period. I mean, because of our evolution, our brain is so big, we have to get that huge head out early. Thats why the skull is in parts and supple. Then we go on gestating outside the womb. Thats why were so useless. Look at other mammals. A giraffe is walking along. It goes, Im proper pregnant. Right? Im gonna have a baby giraffe right here. Yeah, there it is. See you later. And the baby goes, Mum! Its got to be fucking ready. Were… were helpless, right? Just think, nine months were growing in this perfect environment. Everythings… Its like being in a little Kate Bush video, right? Then, suddenly, youre being squeezed out of an hole near an ass. Youre covered in shit, theres screaming. You go, I cant breathe. Someone goes, Yes, you fucking can! The first one second of life on Earth. You dont know where you are. You cant choose where youre born. I was born in Whitley Estate in Reading, right? I wouldnt have chosen that. Id have chosen Hampstead. I did choose Hampstead. It just took 45 years to be able to afford it. Very different. Very different, my upbringing to how I live now. Now I live a privileged life. Hampstead is ridiculous. Its a rarefied place. Its like the grandchildren of poets and painters and me, new money, right? But, growing up, it was tough! I dont know about now, but in my day, my estate was rough and scary. It felt like wildlife. I was weak and vulnerable. There was danger round every corner. My school was on my street and I ran there every day, so I didnt get mugged or molested. There werent many pedophiles in Reading, the murderers had killed a lot. But there was still a couple. I moved to Hampstead. Oh my god! Theres no crime! I saw a knife once in Hampstead. It was a palette knife. Just a bloke, oil painting, in the middle of the street. Broad daylight, no-one gobbing on it or calling him bender. It was weird! I know my life has changed drastically, It wasnt always like that. As a famous person, you read about yourself. Gossip and Twitter and everything. One thing kept cropping up, even as I prepared for this tour. People kept saying, Hes out of touch. Hes so famous. Hes rich. Hes mega-rich. I am. Right? I could have this place burnt down for a laugh. No, but they say things like, Hes an observational comedian. How can he say things that relate to ordinary… scum. And I say.. I say, Dont call them scum, right? But even the papers, they try and… get around to it. I do interviews and theyll always say, Do you always fly first class? I go, No. Often private. Right? The number of times Ive answered this question. They say, Do you know how much a pint of milk is? To make you look out of touch. I dont know, but thats irrelevant. Next time a journalist asks me, Ill say, I dont know. But heres a grand. Run and get me one. Is that enough? That enough? Yeah. Another question I always get, particularly with the posh Sundays, doing a profile piece. Theyre still trying to alienate you, make you look different. They say things like, You dont have children. I say, No. Why dont you have children? Which is an odd question. Why dont you have children? As opposed to asking people, Why do you have children? Lets ask the fat lady in the leggings why shes had eight, shall we? Nine! That one just fell out. That one didnt even touch the sides. Or… disturb her cigarette. That one just… Go and claim for that. People say its selfish to not have children. How is it selfish to not bring a life into the world that doesnt exist on any level? Theres not a cabinet full of potential ghost fetuses going, We want to be born! Right? But Ive thought about it and theres three reasons I dont have children. Three main reasons and Ill share them with you. Three reasons. One. Theres millions! The worlds over-populated. No-ones going, Ricks not having kids. Were gonna run out. Fuck. Two. Kids are scroungers. Arent they? I mean, from day one, its all me, me, me, isnt it? Feed me. Clothe me. Pay for my chemotherapy. No… No. Not my problem, son. Not mine. Luck of the draw, boy. Luck of the draw. It costs the average household in the West $200,000 to bring up a child. And they dont want to pay you back. Theyre not grateful. They dont go, Thanks for having me. Its I didnt wanna be born. Even if they get a top job, which they wont, youll never see that money back. Theyll just put you in a home, okay? And my kid, hed be born into ridiculous wealth, wouldnt he? So… Hed be a little cunt. A little Hampstead cunt… running around with all the other fucking little Hampstead cunts, being all Hampstead and cunty. Im a little Hampstead cunt. Yes, I know. These are my cunty friends. I know, its obvious. I can tell from your little fucking cunty hats that youre little Hampstead cunts, you little posh Hampstead… First, hed know he was a little Hampstead cunt. Im a little… Yes, we know. Everyone knows, right? Hed know that, right? On the other hand, hed know hed never live up to being as brilliant as his dad. Id say, I worked my way up from nothing, and youre just a useless Hampstead cunt. Hed go, Yeah. And that would probably prey on his little mind a bit. Eleven, twelve, hed be naughty, run with the wrong crowd, try and get out from under my shadow. Then hed turn to drugs. About 30, hed come home, and overdose on my Afghan rug. Twenty grand, that was, right? And as he was there, convulsing, and throwing up his fucking lungs, right, and with his little posh, high-pitched, fucking death rattle… his little fucking dying words, hed go, Do you love me now, Daddy? No! No. No, I never did. Thats why youll never be born, you useless, fucking junkie, Hampstead cunt. And, three… Id worry sick about him. You know? No I would! Ive only got a cat now and I worry sick about her. I check the door three times when I go out, so she doesnt escape. I put food and water in every room in case the door shuts and shes peckish. A human baby? Oh my god, the responsibility of a human life? Id watch it sleep. You know? We said how weak and vulnerable they are. Oh, my god! You perfect little thing. Oh, you flesh of my flesh. Now, go to sleep in your expensive cot, like that. Night, night. Sleep tight. Dont let the bedbugs… Dead. Yeah. Just… Why? Why is it dead? Its just fucking dead, look! Fucks sake! Fucking hell. What the… What a fucking waste of time that was! Fucks sake. Embarrassing. Jane? -What? -Come here. -Im in the shower. -Come here. What? Fucking dead already. I didnt… Just fucking… Fucking hell, Jane. You call that a baby? That is… If Jane was out, Id have to text her, wouldnt I? What could you… Babys dead. Shed come back. What the fuck? Id go, Yep… Forget the Pampers. LOL. But even if it made it through the terrifying cot years, and it was a toddler running around head height to my antique tables, with their sharp edges. Id have to pad them so it didnt run into it, cave its head in and die. Then Social Services come round and say, Is this your child, Mr. Gervais? -Yeah. -What happened here, then? I go, Its a fucking idiot. I did think of adopting for a while. A little third world child. Because that would tick all three boxes. One, I wouldnt be adding to the population problem. Id be alleviating an existing problem. A young kid born, through no fault of his own, into abject poverty, he would have died, I can literally save his life, and give him a great upbringing. Right? Two. He would be grateful, wouldnt he? Hed wanna pay me back, woudnt he? Particularly if I let him know the other kids in the village werent so lucky. They didnt… They didnt make it out. Right? Id tell him that early on, so he really bucked his ideas up. Id go, Tunde, come here. Come here. Yeah, yeah. Go and pop a shirt on, youre not in Africa now. Thats better. Yeah. Tunde, look– Yeah! Water straight out of a tap, innit? Yes! Yeah. Yeah! No, its not free. Its Hampstead, you know, but… Yeah, course its safe. Safe, fresh drinking water. Have as much as you want. Have a bucket full. Fresh drinking water. There you go. Go and clean the car. Go on. No, Id go, Look. Remember all your friends in the village back in Africa? Theyre all dead. A rich man didnt save them and bring them to Hampstead. -Do you wanna pay me back? -Yeah. Yeah, I bet you do. The good thing about them is, they can start work when theyre about… six. I just call up Nike and I go… Do you still make your stuff in sweatshops? Got a great little worker here, yeah. Pound a days fine. Hes gotta start somewhere. And, three… if he ran round and caved his head in… and died, and Social Services came round and said, Is this your child, Mr Gervais? Id go, Does it look like mine? Id go… This is Hampstead. Its obviously broken in. Thats why I dont have kids. Even though I dont have children of my own, people still show me photos of theirs, like I give a shit. I dont mean my own family. Theyve given up. Ive got older brothers and sisters. Theyve had loads of kids. And their kids have kids, and then their kids! Theres about 50. I dont know all their names. I see them at Christmas. Its all Uncle Ricky! They know Ive got a bit of cash. They go through my pockets, and then fuck off. Its like being mugged by mice, right? I dont mean them, I mean strangers. I could be busy, I could be working, like on the set of a TV or film or something, stressed, producing or directing it. You get someone whos in for one day, with one line, or a stuntman, they introduce themselves. Good. Be with you in a minute. Then they hover. -Busy? -I go, Yeah! Yes. Yeah. They go, Working the weekend? I go, Not filming, but Ill be in the edit. Im taking my youngest to ballet lessons. Ah. Great. Great. Yeah, shes eight. Ive got a photograph. I go, You know what? Show me it if she goes missing. Ill keep an eye open in the woods. Youve gotta go through the whole polite rigmarole, and go, Shes beautiful. Its gotta be long. Too short, its awkward. They know. You go, Yeah, right. Too long and its like, Shes… Shes fucking beautiful. Its a minefield, innit? So… Im not out of touch. But I am spoiled. Theres a difference. I didnt have any money until I was 40. Ive got the same family, friends and values. But I am spoiled. Because opportunity and privilege spoils you. And it doesnt take much. Il give you an example. When I first made it in America, the next time we flew, were met by a bloke in a suit and a thing. And he just walked us past the queue and straight out the other side. The first time, youre horrified. Everyones looking. Pretending to be late, baseball cap. Oh, god. Next time we flew, I went, Wheres that bloke? Im not queueing! Its quick! When I fly to the States, Ive got a place there, but Im always working. So, someone else is paying. So, I go first class. BA. It doesnt get any better. Even if I was paying, Id still go first class, but Jane would probably be in coach… Its ten grand a pop! That new Planet of the Apes movies on. Shell love that. Shell be up for that. But when someone else is paying, I say, Jane, get up here with me. Right? Front two seats… They board us early. Were on the plane about 15 minutes before anyone else. God. They bring round these snacks, these warmed, caramelized nuts in a bowl. Champagne. Its great. Its like a day off. No phone or anything. Its like a holiday, flying to the States. I could do without the safety video. Thats always a bit of a downer. And totally pointless. If you hit the side of a mountain at 500 miles per hour, the brace position does fuck all. Imagine if that worked. Youre going down, the plane smashes. You go, Ill try it. You do that. Ball of flames, you wake up, everyones dead. You go, Fucking hell, thats amazing, that is! And they always use that voice, dont they? That calming, hypnotic voice, like, Nothing bad will happen. Theyre saying horrendous things, but nothing bad will happen, because Im using this voice, dont worry. Things like, In the event of the plane landing on water– It smashes the fuck to bits, right? They say, In the event of the plane landing on water, your life jacket is equipped with a whistle. A fucking whistle. So, the plane hits the water, smashes to bits, everyones dead, except you, by a miracle. Youre bobbing around in the Atlantic Ocean. Four degrees, that water is. Youve got about 15 minutes before hypothermia sets in. Or youre eaten by a shark, or you drown. Youre hoping theyve sent air-sea rescue. Youre going, God, Im gonna die, I dont know what Im doing! Hold on! I mean, Air Sea Rescue… I dont know if youve ever been in a helicopter. O course you havent. But… Theyre fucking loud. Its like having your head in a washing machine. You have to wear ear plugs and defenders. Your teeth rattle. Its like… Like that. Over the Atlantic Ocean at night. Never gonna happen. If you crash, you die, right? But apart from that, its brilliant. Right… I was flying Heathrow to JFK just before Christmas, right? Boarded us early, on the plane. She comes round. Champagne in a wine glass, like you like it, Mr. Gervais. She goes off. I go, Have you got any of them warm nuts? She went, Were not handing out nuts on this flight. A ladys getting on whos so allergic, even someone eating nuts nearby would cause her to have a fatal reaction. I went, Oh, my god, of course. I was fuming. I mean… Whats that got to do with me? Why cant I eat nuts, just cause… fucking… this woman will… die, right? Nuts! How has she lived this long? If walking by a nut kills you… if being… just near a nut… How has she never been near a nut… before? And how has she lived long enough, having never been near a nut, how has she lived long enough to earn enough money to be near me on a plane, right? Honestly. Its… And if being near a nut kills you, do we really want that in the gene pool? I mean… I never wanted nuts more. I felt she was infringing on my human right to eat nuts. And this is how spoiled I am, okay? I actually had this thought. I thought, Oh, I wish Id brought my own nuts on. Right?. I thought for a second, but that wouldnt work. Shed get on and start blowing up like a frog, right? Like that… And… die. And someone would go, Ricky Gervais brought his own nuts on. You know, right? So I dont take my own nuts on. Now, before I fly, I have a shower, and then I rub myself all over… in nuts… just in case. Then I go, Can I have any nuts? They go, No, sorry, this lady would die. Yeah, not a problem. Lady gets on, sits down, starts blowing up like a frog… I go, Whats the matter? I touch her all over. Whats the matter? She goes, Nuts! Right? And dies. And I go, Whos been eating nuts? I get off scot-free. So I got to America, I went on a chat show. Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon. And I told that story, the whole thing. It went well, audience laughed. Great. Went out. Next day on Twitter, outrage. By outrage, I mean one person going, How dare you? This woman goes, I saw you on Jimmy Fallon, making fun of nut allergies. My daughters nut-intolerant. How dare you? I go, Who is this woman? Shes tweeted 15 times. She starts -ing NBC and Jimmy Fallon. I go, Whats this? How many followers? Twenty-three. Ignore it. You know when youre being told off, and they use your own words against you, like a teacher going, So, you find so and so funny? And cause the teachers really angry, yes, you do find that thing funny, whatever… She said… Would you find it funny if my daughter blew up like a frog? Yeah. Yeah, you saying that… Yes. If you said that at the funeral, I would, yeah… So, someone else gets involved. Ohio Moms Against Nuts, right? And she does a blog, and theyre talking to each other, and she puts me in her blog about how disgusting I am. One filmed her little girl, put it on YouTube, and sent me it. I opened it. Sweet little girl, seven years old. And she went, Dear Mr. Gervais, I have a fatal nut allergy. Delete. Not my problem, right? Ignore. Ignore. Ignore. Right? But then one of them said something that reeled me in. Just cause Im this self-confessed Twitter police. I try and explain to someone every day what freedom of speech means, particularly in the context of comedy, and in the context of a joke. A joke about a bad thing isnt as bad as the bad thing, or necessarily condoning the bad thing. It could be anti the bad thing. It depends on the actual joke. And this woman said… You should never make jokes about food allergies. I should have left it, right? I sent back, I make jokes about AIDS, cancer, famine, and the Holocaust. And youre telling me I should never joke about food allergies? She sent back, Yes, but the Holocaust didnt kill children. Well… it did, didnt it? It was horrible, the Holocaust. Some would say as bad as food allergies. Didnt kill children… Jesus. It did kill children. Hitler killed 12 million people, many of them children. I have to say, Hitler, you couldnt make him up. The worst human being to walk the face of the Earth. He is a crazy… evil, racist, narcissistic serial killer. Just terrible. But… if I was throwing a dinner party, and Id been slaving over a hot stove, and I was getting everything ready, and there was one place left, and I had to… either invite Hitler or that little girl with food allergies… I know whod ruin that party more. Everyones enjoying it. Everything okay? Ja, ist yummy! Right? Hes loving it. I go, Cheers, you fucker! How you doing, boy? Shes going, I cant eat that. Fucking hell. Who wants Ferrero Rocher? Me! All right. Here! I cant eat them. Oh, fuck off home. Right? Thats what the worlds like. People see something they dont like, they expect it to stop, as opposed to deal with their emotions. They want us to care about their thing as much as they do. Its why the world is getting worse, and the world is getting worse. I think Ive lived through the best 50 years of humanity… 1965 to 2015, the peak of civilization, for everything. For tolerances, for freedoms, for communication, for medicine. Now its going the other way a bit. Last couple of years, just a little blip, maybe. Im not saying this because Im old. Old people say things like, Oh, everything was better when I was a kid. Course it was. You were a kid. Everythings better when youre a kid. Being old is the shit bit. Whatevers happening, being old is… I wake up these days, and I go, Oh fuck, I didnt die. Gotta do it all again. Im usually hung over, headache, liver pains. I cant walk for the first five minutes, cause Ive got no joints in my knees. Im getting fat again now, right? I was thin till I was about 28, proper skinny, like nine and a half stone. Then I got a job, right? And the next, sort of, 20 years were what I call my eating years… And I just got steadily fatter and fatter. Until I reached a peak of unwellness and blobbiness, when I was about 48 years old. There was one Christmas, I was at home, lying on the floor… And… I was saying to Jane, Im having a heart attack. Right? And, honestly, my heart rate was like 130. I felt nauseous, I had palpitations, I was sweating. Because Id eaten eleven sausages. True story, right? I was like one of them snakes. Like when you see a big, like… python swallow a pig whole. And then its just fucked. Its, like… itll sit there for a week. Its like a duffel bag. Just there, like that. That was me, right? I wasnt having a heart attack, but it worried Jane. She said, You gotta look after yourself. I thought, Youre right. 48. So I started working out, right, every day. I didnt give anything up. I dont eat meat anymore. But I was having 2500, 3000 calories a day, including wine every night. But I burnt it off the next day. Just so I could do all that, I worked out every day, running, weight training… I had more time on my hands than the average person. I had a gym in my house, I had no excuse. I lost 20 pounds. It was great. But now, I still eat and drink too much, but I physically cant… burn off the calories. I cant do enough. Cause Im so old and broken and tired. So, Im going to get steadily fatter and fatter again, and this time I am going to die. Im losing my hair. Its getting really thin. I know it looks great from there. Cheers, but… No, honestly, in a lift, with that light directly overhead, and the mirror, it looks like an x-ray, right? Ill have to buzz that off soon. Id never wear a wig, oh, my god. If you wear a wig or a toupee, and you think youve got away with it… you havent. Everyone knows. Everyone knows immediately. My brain knows a wig has come into the room before I do, right? I could be at a party, itll go, Theres a wig in here. -I go. Is there? -Yes! There is, yeah! Spidey senses for the wig. Its obvious. The way they smile, like nothings wrong. Hiya. Its the telltale signs, isnt it? I was put off wigs for life by my uncle Reginald. Great bloke. Hes dead now. Died a few years ago. I was only little. He went bald in his twenties. Tragically bald. His hair fell out. It might have been something like alopecia. But he was bald for ten years into his thirties. Turns up one day at our house… Elvis! What is– I was about eight, I said to Auntie Edna, What happened? She went, It was a miracle. They were lying! They were just… Everyone knew he was bald! But hed embroiled his family in the lie, so they had to lie as well. Theyre going, Yeah, it just grew back. Theres so much he wouldnt do, cause he was terrified of the wig coming off. We werent allowed balloons at parties, right? Auntie Edna said, Reg is allergic to balloons. He wasnt allergic. He was terrified one of us kids would rub one on our sweater, and his wig would fly across the room. Weve got photos in the family album. If hes at a wedding or a christening, and hes holding a baby, its always at arms length. Like that. So it cant grab his wig. It must have been on his mind all the time, right? It was the only thing he feared, the wig coming off in public, and this ridiculous lie being exposed. He was in the Army, hard as nails. He wasnt scared of anyone or anything. Spiders, snakes… cancer… Hows the chemo going, Uncle? Not a problem. Weve got a photo of him, the last year, I think. He was 75. It must have been the last year he was alive. It was a hot day. He was in the garden. In his little trunks. He was a wizened little man by then. White chest hair. Jet black wig still! Died in it, buried in it. Hes wearing it now. A little skeleton with jet black hair. Like Posh Spice for eternity. But I knew that was gonna happen. I knew I would get old and fat and… ill and blind and deaf and… shit myself and be pushed round in a fucking bucket. Youre ready, because youre warned. You know about getting old. What they dont talk about, so youre not prepared, and it was a shock to me… I only found out recently, Ill share it with you now. The distending testicles. See, you dont know about it. But it happens in your fifties. I wasnt checking them or anything… I didnt see em for 20 years. As a young man, they were pert, and now theyre like two plums in a sock. I dont know when it happened, but it was recently. They just… And this is how I found out. So, as Ive been getting older, and theyve been secretly stretching away… as Ive got older, Ive got richer, so my baths have been getting more luxurious. Last year, I moved into a new house in Hampstead. Big bath. Big sunken bath. South-facing windows. I was in there the first night. Lovely bath. Sun streaming in, classical music, this is the life. I looked down. And theyre floating. Right? Now, Id never dreamt that testicles would float. They seem like theyd be heavy. You could tie things down with them, and theyd sink. You know? Most people never see their… In the sea, youre in trunks, in the shower, they dangle, and baths arent usually that deep! That was my first thought. Oh, my god, I never thought testicles would float. Then my second thought kicked in. Hold on, this baths two feet deep! Right? Im sitting on the bottom, theyre on top. Whats going on? Right? And… I looked, and my testicles are now longer than my penis. Easily, by some way, right? In fact, theyd created, a little, fleshy sort of life raft, right? My penis was dry, just nestled, just… floating on top. Like that. Like that. Just bouncing around. I should have given it a little whistle. Im just thinking, This is bizarre. Fucking hell, right? And… I thought, Maybe its a fluke. So I held them under the water for a minute, I let them go and they bobbed up! Theyre really… Theyre really buoyant, right? Try it when you get home, if youre in your 50s. And a man, obviously. Or Caitlyn Jenner. But… But the world is getting worse. And I blame the beginning of its demise on social media. Because Twitter and Facebook, thats where this ridiculous notion bred, and became stable, that it was more important to be popular than right. Everything was like me, agree with me. It falls into two tribes. I dont agree with them, so I block them. And now, in this post-truth era, people dont care about the argument, they say, Whos saying the argument? No, theyre not on our side. Its ludicrous, okay? And it also bred this ridiculous notion weve always had. My opinion is worth as much as yours. Now, its my opinion is worth as much as your fact, which is nonsense. I get tweets from people saying, I believe the Earth is 6,000 years old. I believe youre a fucking idiot. You cant have an opinion on the age of the Earth. You can have opinions, but not your own facts. But it was all about being popular, right? And even politicians picked up those symptoms. Politicians tweet now, they want to be popular. We had a Brexit referendum cause they passed the buck. They didnt want to make a mistake. And theres a ridiculous thing of, Lets ask the average person what they think. Lets stop asking the average person what they… Do you know how fucking stupid the average person is? We still sell bottles of bleach with big labels on that say Do not drink. Right? Lets take those labels off, right? For two years. And then have a referendum. But its not just politicians. Even real news. The news on TV says things like, Tweet us your news. Dont let them tweet you the news! -I saw a Tyrannosaurus rex. -You liar! Right? There was a big news story last year, about a train crash that happened a year before, and there was an inquiry. The results of the inquiry were published and there was an expert on the news. He said, Weve looked at everything, and weve decided that the speed of the trains was a contributing factor, so were going to slow them down a bit. Statistically, this shouldnt happen again. That would have been it. But the guy went, We asked the public what they thought. Then there was three banal vox pops. First one said, I already pay £960 a year, so Im not happy. The next one said, It takes me 45 minutes each way, its not good enough. The last one said, I say its better to arrive at work late than dead. Why is that on the news? And when is that applicable in any situation? All right, Ted? Youre in early. Ted? Oh, Ted! Weve been through this. Remember I said Id rather you arrive late than dead? But… the big enemy is stupidity… right? I wanna share with you the most stupid tweet I ever got. Now, admittedly, when I first got on Twitter, I pushed my agenda. I was an outspoken atheist. Not to change anyones opinions. I thought it was important to tell the other side. There are still 13 countries where people are put to death for being an atheist. I just wanted to say, Its fine to be an atheist. Its fine to believe in God, and its fine not to. Thats all I was saying. I realized I didnt have to tweet about religion or atheism. I could tweet a fact, and that annoyed just the right people. Id tweet things like Happy birthday, Earth. Four point six billion years old today. Someone would always go, We know what youre fucking doing. This is a tweet I got after one of those. And… it was all in capitals, which excited me… Thats the sign of Twitter madness. Mixed with anger. Its great, right? I looked at his profile. Sure enough, hes a gentleman from Texas. Hes a fundamentalist, creationist Christian. Which is fine! He loves God. He loves God and… fetuses, mainly. He loves the fetus from conception to when it turns out gay, and then hes… Remember its in capitals. Hes shouting at me. Best tweet ever. YOUR SCIENCE– My science, right? Science, by the way, is spelled S-C-I-E-N-T-S. Already good, isnt it? I mean… Hes obviously heard the word, he took a guess… Never seen it written down, because its not in the Bible. So hes… YOUR SCIENTS WONT HELP YOU… Well, it will. Its helping him… beam this little message up to a satellite and down to me. YOUR SCIENTS WONT HELP YOU WHEN SATAN… Of course he believes in Satan. Why not? He believes that God made the universe in six days. Youre not gonna say to him, Do you believe in Satan? And have him say, Bit far-fetched. Why doesnt God kill Satan? Thats… what Id ask him. If I was wrong and I met God, Id go, Oh, you do exist. Hed go, Yeah. Id go, Ive got a few fucking questions, mate. The first one would be, Why did you make chocolate kill dogs? Mental, right? Also, if you hate homosexuality so much, why did you put the male G-spot up the arse? What… What is wrong with you? Then Id say, Why dont you kill Satan? And hed go, What? Id go, Why dont you kill Satan? If he does all the bad stuff and you do all the good stuff, which you want… I mean, you do want– Yes, yeah. You could kill him if you wanted, you can do anything, easy. Yeah. Why dont you kill him, then? Because… Shut up. YOUR SCIENTS WONT HELP YOU WHEN SATAN IS RAPING YOUR BRITISH ASS. And hes got a point. Because if I die, and I find myself in Hell, being raped by Satan… Science has pretty much let me down. But its this last line that he just throws away. The line he signs off with, makes this the best tweet Ive ever received. YOUR SCIENTS WONT HELP YOU WHEN SATAN IS RAPING YOUR BRITISH ASS. ILL BE LAUGHING. So… hes there too! Hes… So, hes a fundamentalist… Christian, whos lived his life by the Old and New Testaments. He dies, he wakes up in Hell, right? Which must be off the charts on the scale of emotional trauma… Oh, my God, Im in Hell! Oh, my God, why have you forsaken me? Im gonna be tortured for eternity! He sees me getting raped and goes, Ha, ha, ha! Hes suddenly over it, is he? His days suddenly got a little bit brighter. And like hes not next, right? So Im getting raped, right, by the Devil, right? Hes just there. You fucking atheist scum. And Im like that. Yeah, whatever. I assume it happens all eternity. Yeah, yeah, whatever. Like that. I might say, Watch your hooves on my testicles. And hed go, Why are they so distended? And I go, Oh, like youre Brad Pitt! You know what I mean? Sorry, are we talking or raping? Can we… You lying, fucking atheist. Hes probably bored. Fucking atheists. Every fucking day. Right? His little gargoyle comes up. Satan? He goes, What? And I go, Yeah? What? He goes, Theres a fundamentalist Christian. Fuck this! Hed be on him like a ton of bricks! So… I got that tweet. I loved it. All I did was re-tweet, right? And just watch the fun, people piling on, going, Ah, loser! And hes fighting back, really witlessly, saying things like, Go fuck your sister, you English faggot! That makes no sense at all. I forgot about it. Went and did something else. Few hours later, on Twitter again. Its still all going off, right? Its really funny, Im laughing at all the replies. People saying things to him. Im scrolling down. Theres one tweet, directly to me, from this woman. She says, You find rape funny? No! No! What? No… Your mates find rape funny? No! Listen, right? You find rape funny? Listen, everyone! Listen, right? No… I said to her, I didnt tweet that. -She went, You retweeted it. -To show hes an idiot. But you must find it funny or amusing. Its not a frivolous thing. I said, No, well, its up to him, isnt it? He can do it. Now Im arguing with quite a nice, sane person, who thinks this is mental. But Im fighting for his right… to fantasize about me being raped by the Devil. Because Im so conscious of freedom of speech… What a topsy-turvy world, right? Although her opening gambit annoyed me a bit. Because she did that thing that people do. She didnt say, What, you find jokes about rape funny? She said, What, you find rape funny? The answer to that is, no, of course not. No one finds rape funny. Not even rapists find rape funny, know what I mean? Noone ever gives evidence saying, It was dark, he wore a ski mask, and he was giggling. Thats never… So… I sent back, You mean jokes about rape? She said, Yes. -I went, Depends on the joke. -It fucking doesnt! Im going, No, it does! It does! It depends on the joke. Its about context, its about content. What do you mean by a rape joke? She said, Even a joke with the word ‘rape in it is unacceptable. I said, Thats ridiculous, it depends what the joke is. I tweeted that clip of me in The Office, going, I think theres been a rape up there! Everyone gets that because of the context. And the target is a middle-aged man, whos so narcissistic, hell say anything to win a silly game. You have to understand the joke and where it comes from. I said, Some jokes dont punch up or down. They dont punch anywhere. They can just be a pun, a play on words, that dont really mean anything. A joke went round when I was a kid, even adults told it. Ill tell you. A woman goes running into a police station. She says, Help, Ive been graped! The policeman says, Do you mean raped? She says, No, there was a bunch of them. That is a rape joke, right? So…. And I even said to her, No, I agree, in most cases, yeah. Real rape jokes, they are fucking horrible when the victim is the target. Disgusting! Id never tell those. But it depends on the joke, not the word or the subject. I calmed it down, and they agreed some jokes are worse than others. She ended it by saying, Well, okay, I see your point, but… still… I will laugh at a joke with the word ‘rape in it, when no-one in the audience has been raped. I should have left it. I just sent back, What a weird door policy. You turn up to a comedy gig, pay your money, someone says, Can I just ask you a question? Yeah. Have you ever been raped? I have, yes. You cant come in. What? Why? A lady says she wont laugh if youre in. Off you go. Thats what the world is like. People take everything personally. They think the world revolves around them, particularly on Twitter. Im not tweeting anyone, Im just tweeting. I dont know whos following me. Ive got 12 million followers. They can be following me without me knowing, choose to read my tweet, and then take that personally. Thats like going into a town square, seeing a big noticeboard saying Guitar lessons, and you go, But I dont fucking want guitar lessons! Whats this? Theres a number here. Right, call that. Are you giving guitar lessons? I dont fucking want any! Fine! Its not for you, then. Just walk away. Dont worry about it. I should say one thing in Twitters defense. I use it as a marketing tool and for fun, like everyone else. But one great thing about Twitter, for me, personally, Im very into anti animal cruelty. Years ago, it would take ages to get 100,000 signatures on a petition. Standing outside Tescos or something. Thats the magic number, because then it gets heard in Parliament. Ive been part of many campaigns through Twitter when weve got 100,000 signatures in days, and the law has been changed. Thank you to those whove retweeted about animal cruelty. It makes a difference. Thank you. But even something as clear and distinct as animal cruelty, You think no ones gonna argue with that. Yes, they will. They just wanna be heard. Ill tweet something about a bull being tortured in a bullring for entertainment. I say, Ban bullfighting. Someone always says, What about the kids in Syria? What? Well, Im not giving you a choice. You can do both. Im not saying, Throw that kid back in the hole, theres a bull here! And theres one thing that I didnt want in my head, but it exists, so we have to deal with it now that I found out, through Twitter. Theres a thing called the Yulin Dog Meat Festival, in China, every year. And its horrendous. And we send people with money to buy the dogs, to bring them back. Its a drop in the ocean. They eat thousands over this weekend. I tweet the details, the petition, people dont really read it. Its a knee-jerk. People say, Racist! I go, What? They go, We eat pigs and cows in the West. Yep, we do. I dont but, yeah, I used to. Youre right, a pig or a cow is worth as much as a dog. Its not about the species. Its what they do to these poor dogs. What they do is torture the dogs first. ‘Cause they think it makes the meat taste better. They beat them, they blowtorch them. They even skin them alive. And I saw this picture… on Twitter of the opening of this ceremony. These two guys, in this Chinese square, and theyre skinning this dog alive. Its screaming, theyre laughing. Its the worst thing Ive ever seen. I thought, Ive got to tweet that. I tweeted the picture, with a petition, and I just said, One beautiful creature, and two ugly cunts, skinning it alive. Right? And it took off. Loads of retweets, it made the press. I got one tweet back, from a woman, that said, Is that language necessary? I should have left it, right? But I was… I was incensed! I said, Youre more offended by a word than by an animal being tortured to death? She said, I just hate the C-word. I definitely should have left it. I sent back, People who hate the C-word would hear it a lot less, if they didnt go round acting like such cunts. Thank you! Youve been fantastic! Good night! Cheers! Thank you so much! Thank you so much. I hope you enjoyed the show. I hope no-one was offended. No, I really do! Thats not the point. Ive always wanted people to know they can laugh at bad things, without being bad people. I think its my upbringing. I grew up… in poverty, with nothing. But the point was to pay your way then have a laugh. That was the men. The women carried on working. It was my older brother, Bob, it was him who I first saw making these dark jokes, right in the bad situation, as things were happening. People were laughing. I realized, Hes healing them. Thats what comedys for, what humors for. It gets us over bad stuff. Right? Typical Bob story. He once spent an hour in the pound shop in Hayling Island, just asking the cashier how much everything was. Just to see if he could break this poor mans will. Bob was the first person I saw answer back to authority. The first authority you come across are your parents. And hed get in trouble. He got sent to bed. But I thought hed won the argument. And hed tease my mum. My mum was a typical working-class woman. As I say, we lived in a shitty area, right? And most of the houses looked like a bit of mud, and a stolen bike, and fence posts missing. She mended the fence, turfed the garden herself, painted the step. She thought, If it looked respectable, wed be respectable. It was about reputation, I guess. Bob would send her postcards that just read, Is that pedophile postman still reading your mail? And shed take it, shed go in, and shed be horrified. Shed call Bob. He saw it this time, you must stop doing that! Even at her funeral… My mum died first, and my dad carried on for a year or so, just drinking beer, then he went. At Mums funeral, we had different duties. I did catering and flowers. Bob went to see the local vicar. That was a mistake, right? Wed never been to church, he didnt know us, we didnt know him. So, he said to Bob, Tell me about your mum, so I can say a few words. Bob saw that as an opportunity, right? So, Bob, with a straight face, said, Well, she was a keen racist. The vicar went, I cant say that. Bob said, Okay, put she liked gardening. He was trying to get the vicar to say something to make us laugh in church. He didnt warn us. And he did get something by the vicar. So were called Ricky, Robert– Bob– Ricky, Robert, Marsha and Larry. Now, Larry is the oldest, in his seventies. Born in the war. I always thought he was the sensible one. First born, weight of the world on his shoulders. My mum said, when he was a teenager, he got a job and gave her the money to help out. Hes a stand-up guy, Larry. So, Bob… gives the vicar the wrong name. Didnt warn us. Were all in church. Start of the funeral, were all there. Packed out. The coffin comes down. Guided by the vicar. The vicar goes to his pulpit. All confident, with his little notes, right? And he goes… Eva leaves behind four loving children. Ricky. Robert. Marsha. And Barry. And… we snort like that, right? Bobs going… Everyone realizes. Were all laughing. We see Larry go… All right. And the church is like… Every time we thought of it, wed see Larry go… Like that, right? Then wed just start giggling, just fits of fucking giggles, right? Larry eventually started doing this. And the vicars thinking, What have I said? Right? Hed put in a few things the vicar didnt know that set us off again. Things that were just lies, or slightly wrong. My nieces and nephews started crying. Id come prepared with a pack of tissues. Theyd take one and hand it on. Before the funeral, Id taken the tissues out, written on them, folded them back and put them in. And each tissue said, Snivelling fucking bitch. And theyre sort of laughing. So it was like a madhouse, right? Everything the vicar said or did, we all started fucking laughing! Right? And you could see the vicar was visibly shook a little bit. He ended the funeral, and he made a beeline for me and Bob. He said, Sorry, was that okay? Me and Bob went, Fucking brilliant, mate. It was fucking brilliant. Thats what I mean. Were all gonna die, so we should have a laugh. If you can laugh in the face of adversity, youre bullet-proof. Me and my brother, Bob, had one simple rule, and that was if you think of something funny, youve got to say it. Win, lose or draw. It might go well… it might go badly. But youve gotta say it. And bear that in mind, as I leave you with this. Right… So… were all in the car one day. Bobs driving. Packed in this car. A little day trip to the beach. We get stopped for a security check. And theres a British bobby there. And he stops the car. Bobs at the window. He said, Where are we off to? Bob went, Bognor. He went, Can you just pop the boot, please? So he looks at that. Looks in the boot, like that. Back to Bobs window. Gets that mirror on a stick thing. And he starts just looking under the car. And as he does that, his helmet falls off, right? And out of the helmet falls a packet of 20 cigarettes. And the copper went, Bet you always wondered what we kept under our helmets. And Bob went, I knew it wasnt fucking brains. Youve been amazing. Good night!

ADEL KARAM@LIVE FROM BEIRUT@2018@Wow, this is great! This is great! Good evening. Good evening! God rest his soul! Hello there. Hello. So bored! How are you all? This is so cool. That much! Hello up there. Good evening! Yeah, I see you. Its like youve arrived from outer space! I want to say thank you for being here. Thank you for traveling all the way from Beirut to be here. Quite a distance. I came on Thursday so I wouldnt be late. I usually dont travel for anyone. See how important you are to me? I came on Thursday. Can I come down and kiss you all? Will this make you late for anything if I come down to kiss you all? We love to kiss. Its amazing how much we love it! We Lebanese just adore kissing each other. Is anyone here not Lebanese? Yeah? Where are you from? – Where are you from? – Jordan. Jordan? You arrived from Jordan just now? Welcome. I have a real issue with Jordanians. You know why? Because you kiss three times, just like us. We kiss three times. And I didnt know that in Jordan, you kiss… Some time ago, I was in Jordan and met someone. We were about to greet each other with a kiss. I started my… and he also started his… and we kept on going sideways like that. It was dramatic! His tongue touched my tonsils! I looked at him and said, Thats it! What are you doing tonight? What? We really should stop this kissing! Who in the audience is not Lebanese? – Where are you from? – Syria. I said not Lebanese! With all confidence, Syria. Were your guests now, God bless you! I welcome us over here in your country. Were almost competing with them here. Glad that youre here with us. The Syrians and us kiss in the same way. Or do you have a different way? Two kisses, like Europeans. Perfect. Not like us Lebanese and Jordanians. Who else is not Lebanese? Theres a crowd here from abroad! Where are you from? Egypt? Great. In Egypt too its just two kisses, right? Two kisses, nice! Now this is culture, not like us! We are a horny people! The minute we see each other, we kiss! Jesus! But with all due respect to all your nationalities, we Lebanese are super kissers. You see how the minute we meet, we start kissing? Youve only left him for five minutes, but when he sees you again, he goes… Come! Come! Not like this. Like this! In whatever situation, we kiss. Whatever, we kiss. Even if a guy is sick, you kiss him. He sneezes. So what? If one guy is sick, he infects half of Lebanon! When we meet, we kiss. We say farewell, we kiss. And those guys with a bushy beard! Its a new trend. Now what is that? A new trend, that! He comes to kiss you, no chance he wont. The minute he hugs you, you feel his fur! Its like youre kissing a bear! Totally drowned by it! If the beard is sharp like steel, its like being on an emery board! But thats not the guy I usually meet. I only get the guy who, just as you enter the mens room, you hear the flush, then the door opens and out he comes, barely finished his business. And there we are. Hello! Come here, you. And you go, Hello. Hello! He says, Come here, you. And you start thinking of what hes been up to in there. Didnt wipe it. And he sees you. Hello. He touches your face. Whos my best friend? Whos the guy I love, man? I wish we would learn from women… how they kiss. They kiss from a distance. Theres always a space. Youd think they were disgusted by each other! Hi! We could be sweaty, and still kiss. Its like kissing someone in the rain at the Roucha. Some guys are born kissers. Like the guy who sells clothes on Haamra Street at 1 p. m. Just eaten falafel, and has his falafel sandwich in his hand, a chilli pepper in the other, and holding it out so it wouldnt drip on him. You know that guy? Standing there munching on the sandwich, his moustache full of falafel crumbs, tahini and chilli pepper, and chilli pepper seeds dangling from his nose hair! You look at his face and he goes, Hello! Come here, you. Come here, you. He hugs you and you get one side with tahini and the other, red turnips! But the worst is the guy whos eaten chicken, then had a breath mint. He comes over, close to your ear… Hey, dear! He blows it all in your ear. And the smell of garlic is everywhere! You say, You smell like garlic. He says, I had a breath mint! What mint? You need a stomach pump, damn you! If you decide to add up all the kisses you get in a day, mathematically, its like youve had sex. All day long, kiss, kiss, kiss. You should be up here…come on! Speaking of food and falafel, we Lebanese, for those who dont know us, and this is just my personal opinion, our stomachs are like garbage cans! Whatever you dump in, we eat it. Everything. I mean, have you ever thought about the sheep that falls into our hands? Poor thing! When a Lebanese gets his hands on a sheep, hes worse than ISIS! We make it disappear! We eat every bit of it. We leave nothing out! The head is made into nifa. Youre invited to a nifa meal, the best thing they offer is the eyeball. Here, try it, its tasty and crunchy. But juicy! The tongue we cook with lime and garlic, and they say, Wow! Delicious. The liver we make into sawda. Is anything more delicious than having raw sawda for breakfast with onion and mint? Delicious! What else? The intestines. We dont throw them out! For those of you who are not familiar with how the Lebanese do it, we dont throw out the intestines. We make them into sausages. We stuff them with rice and meat. You could say, Ew! There used to be shit in there! And Id say, Thats OK. We wash them first. Even if theres still a bit of shit, we douse them in lime and garlic, no problem. No big deal. Now, is there anything tastier than the sheeps balls? Theyre delicious. But my favorite is the fatty tail. Thats really something, if you think about it, though. The sheep grazes all day long, eating greens. So his tail is right over his asshole. All day long, he grazes then… Youll be totally grossed out by sheep, just you wait! You know that we eat every bit of the sheep except his penis! I never got that! Why not? Suck on it! Suck on it and see where thatll get you. The fleece? We never throw out the fleece. We make it into a rug. Not right to waste any part of the sheep. You have a friend whos a taxi driver, hell think the world of you if you give him the fleece. Hed put it on the dashboard, with that waving-hand thing. And whats hot now is that toy dog. You stick it on the dashboard and he goes… You just press the brakes and… Then with all that, they tell you youll be fine. When you eat sheep meat, drink Araak with it. It kills the microbes. What microbes? Do you see what crap youre eating? You need to drink acid to clear that! A while ago, I was invited to a friends. They had slaughtered a sheep. I ate so much! I pigged out. I sucked the bones, legs, intestines. I was going to burst! I was suffering! Thats normal. No way you wont suffer after eating like that. All kinds of microbes were floating in my stomach. They immediately took me to the ER. Now, our Lebanese hospitals are odd. If you go there in an ambulance, the minute they reach the ER, they press the brakes and open the door and they dump you on a wheelchair like you were a pizza ready for the oven. The minute I got there, they put me on a wheelchair, and Im dying here! And what can I do? Whenever I go to the hospital, no one believes Im sick! Weird! What? Cant I get sick? The minute I got there… You know, once you get to the ER, before they ask whats wrong with you, their first question is, insurance or no insurance? They want to make sure theyre getting paid! They want to know how to handle you. They wouldnt believe I was sick. A woman came over. Theyre all venomous. They can really choose them. She walked over, and I was sprawled on the chair. She came over… Oh, its you. Youve come to make fun of us? Dripping venom! Then another one…a question they always ask me. Wheres Abbas? Abbas and I should be sick together! They put me on the stretcher, dumped me there. The third venomous lady came, trying to insert the drip. Im in agony! My screams are going up to God. She kept jabbing and jabbing. She needed a hammer to push in whatever the heck that was! She drilled my bones and finally it got in. I screamed in pain! She said, Enough. Are you the only one who gets to hurt people? After they examined me, thats where the problem started. They said, You need a colonoscopy. You laughed because you went through that too. I saw you flinch. Yeah, colonoscopy. Whos been through that? Who has the courage to say hes been through with it? Youve all been through it! Youre all lying! Whos been through it up there? You all have your hands on your asses! Not me! OK, they sent me to the colonoscopy specialist. He came to explain. He said, Well do this procedure because we have to know whats happening inside. Well go in and find out. I said, But, Doctor, it might hurt my tonsils. He said, No, they wont hurt. I said, Dont you go in from here? He said, No, from down there. I said, OK. So what do we do? He said, Dont worry. Just relax. What do I do now? He said, Well have to give you an anesthetic. Do you want a local or a general anesthetic? I said, Ive never done this before. I thought it was a money trap, so I said a local anesthetic. I shouldnt have said that. They dressed me in a gown. The gown for the colonoscopy is different from that of the hospital. You remember it, right? Its like…You know the Teletubbies? You look just like Teletubbies. You wear a full-on onesie, but…open in the ass! So they know where to aim! And during the procedure, youre not alone. There are four or five others ready for this procedure. Youre all standing there looking like Teletubbies with your asses out there, and the nurses looking at all those asses! Is that a woman or a guy laughing? A ringing laugh! So, they came and stuck in the colonoscope. They lay me on my side. On your side so he can check you. That doctor had two trainees with him. Im lying there, and the trainees… are taking notes. First, you dip it in the Vaseline, put it in the Vaseline. The doctor is explaining. Its a colonoscope! Not a…Colonoscope! He dips it in the Vaseline and starts to poke it in. The trainees with him are really focusing so they dont miss anything. They dont want to fail. He kept poking and poking. Youd think its local anesthetic. But, no! Theres something to be said about that! Poking and poking till I felt… Doctor! As he was poking and stuffing it in, a student came rushing in. Sorry, Professor, for being late. Traffic was terrible. No worries, well get it out again. And there I was. To tell you the truth, I kind of liked it! Its kind of special! So he said, Dont worry, well put it in the Vaseline, and stuff it in again. Stuff, stuff, stuff… A fourth student came in. Sorry, Professor… I said, Fuck! Im gonna start liking that! Ive never considered that. Youre making me think about it! It was supposed to be simple. What is this? I said, Doctor, what are you doing? He said, Its OK. He started pulling it out. I said, What do you mean, its OK? Before the fourth student, I was this size. Now Im this size! We finished the procedure, and they said, Mr. Karam, you have to spend the night in the hospital. Well take you up to the room to rest. I said, OK. He said, You have insurance? I said, Sure. But your insurance covers you for second class. I said, What is that? I didnt know what second class meant. I thought…second class, OK, its cheaper, but its OK. Turns out, theres a big difference between second class and first class. A whole different story. They took me to the appropriate floor, sitting in the wheelchair. In second class, there is no privacy. Everyone on the second-class floor knew Id had a colonoscopy. Everyone! They put me in a wheelchair that had the round rubber thing so I could sit. A guy passing by said, What? You got stuffed? Cool! They took me to my room. Number 104, I still remember it. On my way, a Bengali orderly looked at me. He said, Hello, sir, how was the colonoscopy? Hurt your ass? Anyway, they took me to the room. In second-class rooms, there are two beds. I didnt know. It was my first time. Thank God I was old enough. So, there were two beds in the room. The one on the left had a view. What view, you ask? A cemetery! The right-hand-side bed was against the wall. Whats cool is, when they take you to the room, they throw you on the bed like a sack of potatoes. Throw him! And there you are. Thats what its like in second class. The nurses came to hang the drip and take my temperature. In the next bed there was an elderly man, about 80 years old. I got to know him and his wife. She was, like, 70. His name was Abo Dani, and his wife, Em Dani. Ill tell you all about them. The nurses came; two nurses in charge of the whole floor in second class. Their names were Enaam and Aida. What blew my mind was when you call for Enaam, ten nurses answer! And when you call Aida, ten answer! That floor was specifically for the Enaams and Aidas! Enaam had served 15 years of hard labor in prison, and then was pardoned. Her hair was black and crinkly, thick eyebrows, itty-bitty eyes, and sideburns running down to her mouth, with a bleached moustache, as if the problem were its color! Aida, on the other hand, she was short, skinny, with short white hair, a fuzz of hair here, and she hates men. They came to take my temperature. They lay me on my side, with my face to the wall and my ass to Abo Dani. At this point, my asshole was this wide. The thermometer wouldnt stay in! She puts it towards the bottom, it slips. She puts it up top… Now, mind you, Abo Dani had been there for a long time, so hes familiar with Enaam and Aida. He was joining in too! Abo Dani looked and said, I dont know. Son, clench your asshole so this will work. I said, Abo Dani, what do you mean? Im clenching! Its not working. Then Em Dani chimes in, Wrap some gauze around it to thicken it. Yeah, right, all between me, Abo Dani, Em Dani, Enaam and Aida. Em Dani got up, came closer and looked at my ass. She said, Abo Dani, I see a zit. I dont like the look of his ass. He said, Tell him to put some mallow on it. Itll go. Abo Dani is really something. I liked him a lot. We got quite attached. He had been in that room for a long time. A long time in 104. How did I know that? When I got into the room, it didnt feel like entering a hospital room. It felt like I was going into Abo Danis home. Em Dani had put a welcome mat at the door. Then as I was lying there, I noticed there was a shelf under the TV. Em Dani had her childrens pictures up on it! Dani as a child, Dani as he got older, Dani is fat, a picture of Danielle, their elder daughter, married and living in Canada. On top of the TV, Em Dani had put a piece of crotchet work. You know, crotchet. What did it say? Our Father who art in Heaven… Crotchet work saying, Our Father who art in Heaven… on top of the TV! In the corner Em Dani had put up a shrine to the Virgin Mary, with dripping candles, and a charity box for the restoration of Mar Shalita church. Thank God the doctor came. He didnt come to my room. The doctors dont usually come to second class. Only trainees. Impossible to see a doctor. Even if you holler, no doctor comes, only trainees. One came and said, Mr. Karam, the doctor told us to tell you that youll need to spend another night in hospital. I said, Wait! OK. Is it possible to upgrade to first class? He said, Sure. I said, Fine. Send me a surgeon. Ill have to sell you my kidney, I guess. The move is expensive! The change to first class is an issue! Damn expensive. Anyway, I was moved to first class. In first class, theres no Enaam and Aida. Theres Cynthia and Jennifer. You feel euphoric the minute you reach first class. You smell the jasmine. You look, and there are Cynthia and Jennifer. Let me tell you about them. They look kind of like Anabella. Tall, beautiful, sexy, you could just eat them up! Gorgeous. They live on toast and quinoa. Just lovely. Whats cool is that when they come to hook up the drip, theyre nothing like Enaam and Aida. When Enaam came to do that, she stepped on the bed, smashed my face and hooked up the drip. Cynthia bent down and hooked it up. Five-star treatment in first class! If only you could see how Cynthia received me. Theyre multi-lingual! Bonsoir, Monsieur Karam, welcome to first class. Welcome, Mr. Karam. The room, let me tell you about that. Lovely. Very spacious, white walls. No green walls here. A king-size bed, an LED-screen TV…curved! The remote control is there in your hand. Not like with Em Dani! Only a champ could get it from her. If you touch it…stop it! In first class, there are no trainees. Theyre all professors and up. A professor came to check on my status. I was asleep. Snoozing. I felt his hand touching my ear. Mr. Karam? Mr. Karam? Sorry to wake you up. We just need to check on you. Im Professor Ajeeaa. I said, Hello, Professor. He said, Guess who is here with me. I looked and said, Who? He said, The insurance company manager, the hospital manager and the doctor. Look who else is here. I looked up and saw all the saints there. Even Mar Shalita was there! Food in first class is another story. When you eat there, its like watching one of those cooking shows on MTV. Unbelievable. I asked, What are we having today? She said, Mr. Karam, today its duck with cauliflower and red radish. I said, Wow, cool. She went on, And for dessert, we have puff pastry with a raspberry and cherry reduction. I said, Perfect! The food comes accompanied by a violinist! There I was using the fork and knife and… When I finished, I saw Jennifer standing. She said, Mr. Karam, were ready to burp you. Six months later, I went to the hospital to visit a sick friend. He had some health problems. When I went there, I realized that that was where Abo Dani was. So I decided to go and see how he was doing. On my way, I met a trainee and asked him, Is Abo Dani still here? He said, Where else would he be? Hes kind like a guinea pig! Were experimenting on him! Hes here for good! I got to his room, and found some extras that Em Dani had added. Things I hadnt seen before. They installed a bell! His name was on the door: Edmond Megaes, and, in brackets, Abo Dani. I heard a whirring sound inside. I rang the bell…birds chirruping. She couldnt hear it. I knocked hard on the door. She finally opened it. Her hair was up and she was vacuuming! Shed brought down the winter clothes and laid out a rug. She even had a Christmas tree up. As I walked in, I heard Abo Dani… I said, Hey, Abo Dani, how are you now? I hope youre feeling better. He said, Yeah, thanks to yesterdays meal. My dear Abo Dani, I will never forget him, like I will never forget my trip to Africa. I want to tell you about my experience there. There might be a lot of people who know about it, but also there are many who dont. Whos been to Africa? Anyone visited Africa? We should all go visit Africa. We men should go visit Africa to get an idea of what things are like there. Some time ago I went to Africa to visit my friend Ali Shour. I love my friend. Bonjour, Aloush. Ill tell you. I was with Ali in the Ivory Coast, a beautiful country. The roads, left and right, are lined with banana trees. I was in the car with Ali, I remember. We were talking. I am a bachelor, and this was guys talk. I said, Aloush, I want to meet an African woman. Everything is naturally ‘built in. No plastic surgery. Yeah, sure, he said. I know a beautiful woman, Ill call her. He was calling her, were sitting in traffic. I swear to you, this is what happened. I was sitting in the car, and over on this side, theres a river. As he was calling her, I was looking around. I saw a guy bathing. An African guy. At first glance, I thought he had three legs. I saw three legs! I looked again and, no, not three legs! He saw me staring at him down there, so what did he do? He hauled it up, and started scrubbing himself. He picked a banana leaf and started scrubbing. He was grabbing it and scrubbing. I mean, what is that? I couldnt believe it! I said, Ali, hang up. Dont just hang up, switch it off! He said, Why? I said, Look! What is that? Hes in the water. Its shrunk, but its still that long! He said, So what? I said, Cancel the call. I dont want that woman. He said, But we already called her. I said, I dont want to look bad! He said, Why? I said, Imagine I go to the hotel, I strip down and she comes in. The first thing shell say is, ‘Where is it? Shes used to the half-meter and more! What would she think of 17 centimeters? She wont even see it! She would need a pair of tweezers to pull it out! Ill be humiliated. Dont want it. Did I come to Africa to be humiliated? Shell be like, ‘Alright, just come and tickle me. Their sizes are really different. Different. No, no. I was traumatized. I noticed something else there too. They sell water in a bag, and pistachios in a bottle. Go figure. They are so comfortable with their sex organs. No problem. Here, things are censored. There, its all good. If a guy feels like it, he just whips it out, right there and then. I went to the hotel, depressed. My room was on the 13th floor. Out on the balcony having a smoke. I used to smoke back then. I saw the hotel manager walking around with a guy talking about removing a banana tree, and doing this and that. I saw him, and I guess he needed to pee. Mind you, Im on 13th floor. He unzipped his pants and started rolling it out like a rope! And Im standing there on the 13th floor, and I see something really long! Really! And hes just talking as he was pulling it out, and he was going about his business. On the other side, a woman had this red sack on her head. Shes topless, with a tree leaf here, and walking along. Big ass! She was going to pass in front of the guy as he was peeing. Right in front of him. For a second, I imagined he was gonna tell his friend to grab the other end of it and go like this. Come. After that… After that I told Ali, I dont want to go to Africa. From now on, if I travel, Id be better off going to China. In China, 17 centimeters, youd be a champ! Rocco, the stud! You laughed when I said Rocco! Guess you know who he is! Rocco is a porn star. She blushed! She knows him. Only men are supposed to laugh at that. I said Rocco and she went… Speaking of porn, you know? Statistics show that we Arabs rank number one in watching porn sites. Seriously. But we dont admit it. You know who else doesnt admit it? Women. You ask a woman, do you watch porn? She goes, Ew! Disgusting! A new bride would be sitting there and the groom comes along, thinking that shes… Hed asked her before, Do you watch porn? She said, No, thats disgusting! Dont mention porn! He starts undressing and turns around, shes there in high heels and lingerie. Suddenly its all spilling out. What shall we do today, baby? Eagle position? Whats the eagle position? You climb on top of the closet, jump off, and Ill be here with my legs wide open, and when you get here you flap and gyrate. Hes shocked! How do you know? Youve never seen porn. Yeah, whatever. I know a few things. Lets try the chandelier position. Whats that? You climb up the chandelier, you twirl, I lay here, you come down on top of me and twirl. Where do you get these ideas? You know what my favorite position is? The washing machine. I sit on top of the washing machine, you stand, and the washing machine does all the work. So you know Rocco. He gets really sweaty! A lot! Have any of you ever watched a full porn movie? Ive only gotten as far as 15 minutes, thats my maximum. No more. I wish someone would tell me. What happens at the end? Does the leading man die? I would like to know what happens to him. How does a porn movie end? I dont know. You finish off and thats it. In porn movies, the leading man is always the pizza delivery guy. Before I started acting, I worked in a pizza place. I had my eye on our neighbor. I was waiting for her to order a pizza. One day, she did. I got ready and put on my pants, wearing nothing underneath. In porn movies they slip off their pants and theyre ready. I arrived with the pizza, ready for action and doing all the porn-star moves. Like this. She opened the door, took the pizza, kicked the door shut. Theres also the pool man. Yeah? Hes always cute. The women sit there around the pool, lying there, then they get topless. And hes there cleaning the pool. And theyre there, flirting. He moves closer. And closer. And he does them! But the best guy is the plumber who wears his overalls, with nothing underneath. She calls him, Please, I need a plumber. He arrives right away. She opens the door, hes standing there, with a body like a V! He undoes his overalls, and hes naked! Our plumbers are different! Our plumber comes over with a belly, he bends down and you see his ass. A plumber comes to your house to fix the tap. He bends over and you can see red butt cheeks. There are different levels. Plumber with red butt cheeks, plumber with non-red hairy ass, and the higher level has red butt cheeks and hairy ass. Hair coming out at you. No hair on top, but hair down there. Youd be standing in dripping water with your wife. Hes bending over, in front of her. And theres his ass! Enough! Shut up! Let him fix the tap. Its good he came! I dont watch porn. It means nothing to me now. My advice to all guys is, if you want to watch something to get you worked up, watch a womens tennis match. I speak from experience. When I watch a womens tennis match, I get…a shiver! When you see the match, you feel like theyre challenging you. Think about it. Their skirts are so short, and their thighs! How do they get those? So long! The way she holds the racket! You get the point! When I go to watch a match, I prepare myself. A towel, a whisky bottle, tissue paper, a trash bin, and I sit, ready. Im prepared. I wont watch otherwise. Look at how they stand, holding the racket like that. The director always takes close-ups of her face. You see the sweat running down. And she goes… The other player, with her thighs. He takes a shot from below, going up, with sweat running down. The short skirt, and two balls stacked there. And the referee says, Quiet, please. He wants silence. It starts and she dribbles the ball… I pull off the towel and get going. And I go… Damn you! In porn, we dont go more than 15 minutes. Here, we dont go more than one set! I can tell you all this because Im not married. Can you imagine if I were married? God forbid! I hate marriage. I was married once. Its my fault, not hers I dont want to be overdramatic. But I wont have it. I dont even like going to weddings. Weddings in Lebanon are weird. I noticed something. Our weddings here, if you dont know, are all the same. I hate going to weddings. Hate it! When I get invited, I feel Im going to applaud a couple who are going to screw after a while. The shittiest occasion in the world! Imagine, standing there clapping… What the hell is this? And weddings here are all the same. The venue always has a staircase. If you go to any wedding, theres a staircase, and the bride comes down. Theres always a wedding procession. This last wedding had extra. Not a regular procession, but 100 costumed performers. And on the other side, 100 costumed women. They took us back in history to Saladins days. Women carrying water jugs. And the men swinging their swords. If you go to the toilet, you have to be careful. They might slice you in half! Theres this loud guy at the party who stands with the microphone, calling for the bride to come down the stairs. As he does that, everyone is supposed to stand there waiting for the bride to appear. I was sitting there at this wedding. Luckily I knew the groom, not the bride. This guy started shouting. She was on a seat carried by four guys. She sits there and they carry her down the stairs, so that people can be awed! So the guy starts calling for her… Reveal yourself, you beautiful gazelle. Reveal yourself, face of the moon. Reveal yourself, night moon… When he says that, shes supposed to appear up there. The minute he said that, something appeared. Night Moon appeared up there… and everyone went… A woman sitting next to me wet her pants! What is that? You know the witch on the broom? Shes a beauty compared to our Night Moon. Coming down those stairs, the four guys were like… And shes just sitting there. And that idiot, the groom… thinks shes a real beauty! It was such a shock, because Lebanese women are usually beautiful! But at weddings, Im not sure what happens! Do you see what happens to women when they go to weddings? They all think they have to surpass the beauty of Night Moon. Shell be, like, 1.30 meters tall, and her husband is 1.85 meters. At weddings. Shell be walking with her husband… Shes in high heels, with huge hair, tons of eyeliner, in her shimmering dress, holding her husbands hand. Hes walking next to her and shes strutting along. Avatar! At that wedding, I was scared shitless! And Night Moons girlfriends. Usually at the table, youre with people you dont know, so you can mingle. A girl was sitting next to me in a shimmering dress, next to her mom. Her mom was like… with all the nipping and tucking, this was here and that was there! A little too much nipping and tucking! No more places to tuck! Shes sitting next to her mom, who starts to poke her. Get up and dance. Get up and dance! Thats Patrick, just arrived from Dubai. Her mom is her pimp! Im, like, what is this? And the fat girl, a friend of Night Moon, all she cares about is catching the bouquet. Wants to get hitched. She has, like, 250 bouquets, but it hasnt worked yet. She has a greenhouse at home. No matter. Night Moon got hitched by chance! My favorite is the girl who had her eye on that idiot. But Night Moon got him first. Know when she showed her true colors? The dancing. The music started and she got up. So cool, she got up to dance. Showing him her moves. Like, Look what youre missing out on, asshole! Theres also that mutual friend of Night Moon and the idiot. Hes always this huge guy. One meter 95. He picked up the idiot and picked up Night Moon like this and started to dance with them, jumping up three meters. Can you imagine? Hes in a shiny gray suit and white shoes, red hair thats sticky because hes sweating. Hes carrying them both because hes friends with them both. Just like being in a rodeo! Hang on! Night Moon wipes her eyeliner and looks even shittier. And the more he sweats, the more he wipes his face on her dress. She kicks him and says Youll dirty the dress, you bastard! Its rented! But the best at the wedding are the grooms friends. Theyve been drunk for two days. They arrive drunk and leaning on each other. One is leaning like this, and the other like this, drinking whisky. Its not going in their mouths! Its spilling. And theyre telling terrible jokes. Like… Their mouths are drooling! Hey, groom… Hey, groom. They want everyone to listen. Groom, we want you to make us hold our heads up high. I looked at him and said, What do you mean? Whats your head got to do over there between her thighs? Say something else! So what did they start joking about? One said, Listen to this. Hey, groom. Did you eat caviar? Egging him on. The other guy poked him. No no, groom. Eat shrimps. I said to him, Eat shit. The best thing for you two. No more dumb jokes. Enough. I left that wedding and it was the end of my sorrows. I dont go to weddings anymore. I am happy to attend funerals. If the idiot and Night Moon die, I will be the first at their funeral. I love going to funerals. I really like it. I really enjoy it. The minute they see me, they poke each other Hes here. The one who makes you forget about your sadness. I kiss them, and I dont know, should I look happy? Sad? I feel lost at a funeral. We also have a certain way at funerals. In Lebanon, all the funerals you go to are exactly the same. The family members stand to receive condolences. You go, May he rest in peace. Theres always that one who hugs you tightly and starts to cry. We lost our dear one, we lost him. He sniffles all over you. You say, May he rest in peace, God be with you. You go to the deceaseds family and ask, Whos that? They dont know! He sniffled all over me! Who is he? And then youre sitting there and the coffee guy comes along. Coffee, sir? No, thanks. He walks around. Water? No, thanks. Then he offers it over your shoulder. Coffee? At every funeral, theres the liar. The coffin is in the middle of the room. Im sure youve seen this. The coffin is in the room, he waits till theres no crowd. Hes been hiding somewhere. He wants to be the star. He approaches. Where is he? Where is he? I lost my dear one! You shouldnt be lying there! Get up, little one. Get up, my dear. The family starts to cry. I lost my dear one! What happened? How did he die? He was with me three days ago. He was OK. He hasnt seen him for three years. Youre a liar. You shouldnt be here. Only Aunty Audette should be here. Aunty Audette. Ive run into Aunty Audette at, like, 15 funerals. Shes about 75. But looking at her, youd say shes around 50. Nipped and tucked. Always smiling. Her husband died 45 years ago, and she looks like this, and shes so old. Two guys carry her in. They go with her to put her in front of the coffin. They carry her in. Where is he? These two are always with Aunty Audette. They go with her to funerals to put her in front of the coffin. They throw her. And she starts. No, no, no. This is not possible. This is not possible. You shouldnt be lying there! She kisses his cold hand. You left us too soon. But something Ive heard from her, at all 15 funerals, she says the same thing. She says to every dead body she sees, Give my love to Edward. Thats her husband who died 45 years ago. How can he send her love to Edward? Is he the Lebanese postal service? How can he do that? She imagines hell go up there, Hi, guys. Which one of you is Edward? And Edward is over there playing backgammon. He says, Im Edward. He says, Audette sends you love. Yeah, I know. Youre the fourth one today passing on her love. So he asks him, Edward, how did you die? I killed myself to get away from that bitch! Im really happy to see you all. I had so much fun with you. I hope you had fun too. In every show… This is such a big night for me, such a big night for me as a Lebanese. The first Lebanese to be on Netflix. You deserve it. – Thank you, dear! – You really deserve it. My dear Alex, I recognize your voice. If youll allow me, since this is such a special show, I would like to dedicate each show to my father. He left us 18 years ago and I really love him very much. I really do. And I want to say something, Dad, through Netflix, Dad, I dedicate my show to you. Wait! Dad, give my love to Edward.

CHRIS ROCK@TAMBORINE@2018@[indistinct overlapping chatter] [woman] Ladies and gentlemen, Chris Rock. [audience cheers and applauds] Yeah. Please. Oh, sit down. Sit yo asses down. Please let me get on with the show. Its nice to be here. Brooklyn. Heres my question. You would think… You would think… You would think the cops would occasionally shoot a white kid… just to make it look good. You would think that every couple of months theyd look at their dead nigga calendar and go… Oh, my God, were up to 16. We gotta shoot a white kid quick. Uh, which one? The first one you see singing Cardi B. Thats right. I mean, honestly, I wanna live in a world… with real equality. I wanna live in a world… where an equal amount of white kids are shot every month. An equal world. I wanna see white mothers on TV crying. Standing next to Al Sharpton. Talking about, We need justice for Chad. We need justice for Chad. He was just coming home from racquetball practice. I know some people like, Come on, Chris, man. You go too hard on the cops, man. Youre a celebrity. Im sure they let you go. Im sure theyre nice to you, man. You a celebrity. Yeah, Im famous, you know. But Im not, like, Michael Jackson, famous. Im not famous from miles away. Like, my fame kicks in right about here. You know? When the cops see me walking down the street, theyre like, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga… Hey, thats Chris Rock! Man, you are funny, man. I love Pootie Tang, man. Its weird, man. Its weird. You know, this whole thing with the cops, man, cause… You know, as a black man, especially a grown black man, I have a weird relationship with the cops, man. Like, on one hand Im a black man so Im like, Fuck the police. And on the other hand, I own property. You know, if somebody comes and breaks in my house, Im not calling the crips. Uh, yo, crips… can you send Lil JJ down? Oh, hes here already. My bad. My bad. I mean, heres the thing with the cops, though, I mean, being a cop is a hard job, man. Its a hard fucking job, man. I mean, honestly, I dont think they pay cops enough. I dont think they pay police enough. [scattered clapping] And you get what you pay for. Heres the thing, man. Whenever the cops gun down an innocent black man… they always say the same things, man. They always say the same thing. Its like, Well, its not most cops. Its just a few bad apples. Its just a few bad apples. Bad apple? Thats a lovely name for murderer. Its like, howd they get that one? Bad apple? That almost sounds nice. I mean, Ive had a bad apple. It was tart. But it didnt choke me out. Heres the thing. Heres the thing. I know its hard being a cop. I know its hard. I know that shits dangerous. I know it is, ok? But some jobs cant have bad apples. Ok? Some jobs, everybody gotta be good. Like… pilots. -[scattered clapping] -You know? American Airlines cant be like, Most of our pilots like to land. We just got a few bad apples… that like to crash into mountains. Please bear with us. Americas insane, man. Cops shooting motherfuckers, man. You know, we got cop problems. We got the gun problems. This gun shit aint going nowhere, ok? Its like, Gun control. There aint never gonna be no gun control, ok? You talk about it too long and you will get shot. They will shoot yo ass, ok? Thats right. They never, ever changing the gun laws. Because Americans need the right to hunt. They need to hunt. Its like, Really? Huntings that fucking important? I mean… Ive been hunting. Ive been hunting. I used to hunt with my grandfather as a kid in South Carolina. Went hunting with my grandfather. Uh, I shot a rabbit. I cried. He called me a faggot. And hes a preacher. They will shoot 100 people in Vegas, ok? And somebody will come on TV. You know, and theyll just talk like… Hey, you know, guns dont kill people. People kill people. As a matter of fact, if the gunman wouldve had a knife… he couldve stabbed 100 people to death. Couldve stabbed 100 people? Yo, check this out. Check this out. If 100 people ever got stabbed, at the same time, in the same place by the same person, you know what that would mean? Ninety-seven people deserved to die. What? You just watching this shit? Oh shit, somebody got stabbed. Oh, they stabbed somebody else. Oh, he stabbed somebody else. Oh, he getting closer. Oh, he stabbed me. I didnt see that coming. Oh, he stabbed the lady behind me. Hes a stabbin fool. Guess thats why they call him Stabby. Yo, it is so good to be here right now. Glad to be back. Heres the weird thing. Ive been so busy, man. Ive been busy. People like, Where you been? Been busy, trying to raise some kids. That shits a job. Now, my oldest daughter just started high school. Just started high school. Lola just started high school. And, uh, yep, kept her off the pole. And, uh… Kept her off the pole, you know. She danced a little too hard to Migos, but were working on it. She just started high school and I had to take her to freshman orientation. You ever go to freshman orientation? Its the most boring thing you will ever do with your kids. You know, cause you sit in an auditorium quite like this. With, you know, a couple thousand kids. People come up and speak and just lie to children. Thats all that happens all day is people come up and lie to children about the future. And Im sitting there and this lady comes up and goes, I want you children to know you can be anything you wanna be. You can be absolutely anything you wanna be. Im like, Lady, why are you lying to these children? Maybe four of them could be anything they wanna be. But the other 2,000 better learn how to weld. Shit, Im looking at these kids right now. I count at least 60 Uber drivers. They could be anything they wanna be. Shut the fuck up. Really? They could be anything they wanna be? Then how come youre a vice principal? Was that the dream? Did you dress up like a vice principal when you was a kid? Put your little vice principal hat on? Tell the kids the truth. Tell the kids the fucking truth. Say, Hey kids, check this out. Check this out. You can be anything youre good at. As long as theyre hiring. [laughter and applause] And even then it helps to know somebody. So, Im sitting there. Im in school and Im watching this shit. And it dawned on me that this orientation wasnt right. You know, cause I got black kids, man. You know, and Im sitting there, Im like, I dont think this is right. I think they need separate orientations. I think they need a black orientation, white, gay, straight, Mexican, whatever. Because the black kids, youre, youre… You know, youre getting ready to face a whole other world. I got black kids. I gotta get them ready for the white man. I gotta get them ready for America, man. You know? Its like, you know. I mean, not the white man thats here tonight. You guys are alright. Yall cool. Every one of you. I want you to know every dime you spent tonight is going towards putting little black girls through private school. Anybody ask you what you did tonight, you go, I made a difference. But so Im at school and Im like, Yo, I think we need separate orientations. ‘Cause you gotta get your kids ready for the white man. If youre not, then youre fucking up as a parent, ok? Ive been getting my kids ready for the white man since they was born. Ok? Even before they was born, Ive been preparing them for the white man. Yeah. Thats right. My house, we dont have fire drills. We have white-r drills. So, ever since my kids were born, Ive been getting them ready for the white man. So, everything in my house… thats the color white… is either hot, heavy, or sharp. So, my kids know when they deal with anything white, they gotta think about that shit. They gotta contemplate this shit. Oh, this napkin, ok. Should I wipe my mouth with it? Or is that what whitey wants me to do? Ever since they was born, everything in my house, hot, heavy, or sharp. They sit on a white toilet seat. Burn their ass. Daddy, my ass is burning. Its white motherfucker. Its white. Thats what whitey do. He burn your fucking ass. Pay attention. Shit, when they was little girls, their white onesie weighed 150 pounds. [crying] Daddy! Dad, its so heavy. Its so heavy. This hurts. I cant even stand. I cant even stand. Its white, motherfucker. Its white. Thats what whitey do. He break your back. At their birthday party, I gave them vanilla ice cream… with glass in it. Daddy, my tongues bleeding. Shouldve got chocolate. [laughter and clapping] Yeah, I go hard. I got girls and I go hard. So, if you got a black son, shit, you gotta just punch him in the face. So, as soon as he wakes up in the morning, its like, Morning, nigga. Pow. If you dont punch your black son in the face, thats child abuse. Its rough out there for a black boy, man. Its rough! Thats right. Some people say young black men are an endangered species. But, thats not true. Because endangered species are protected by the government. [applause and cheers] [high-pitched] True. Thats right, you got to punch your black son in the fucking face. You understand me? Hard. Yeah, I said it. On Netflix, I said that shit. You understand? Its important that your black son follow your instructions. Its the difference between life and death, ok? Ok? Yeah. Yeah, cause we got a crazy justice system out here, man. We got a justice system for rich, for poor, for black, for white. We live in a country where two people can do the exact same crime in the exact same place at the exact same time and get a different sentence. Only in America. We gotta change this justice system, yo. The American justice system should be like Walmart. Should be just like Walmart. Its like, Hey, if you can find a lighter sentence, well match it. So, Im at the school. Im at the school. And, the lady comes back out. She goes, I want you to know that the school has absolutely no bullies. We have a no-bully policy. We dont– We dont– We dont permit bullying. Any bullies will be kicked out of school immediately. And right then, I wanted to take my daughter out the school. Its like, What kind of half-assed education is this? I mean, school is supposed to prepare you for life. Life has assholes. And you should learn how to deal with them as soon as possible. God forbid, you wait till youre 30 to find out people aint shit. Thats a lesson you need, quick. Thats right. I mean, one of the problems with the world is we got too many people telling they kids how special they are. These souped up kids walking the streets today thinking theyre fucking special. Im walking down the street, always some kid, Hey, good work, Chris. Really funny, Chris. Love your work. Im like, Its Mr. Rock, bitch. Stop telling your kids that they special. Maybe they special to you. But not to me. I dont play that shit. Everyday before my kids leave to school, I get them at the door. Im like, Lola, Zahra, check this out. Soon as you leave this door, nobody gives a fuck about you. Nobody in the whole world gives a fuck about you. Nobody thinks youre cute. Nobody thinks youre smart. Nobody gives a fuck about your opinion. Nobody on the whole earth outside of this door gives a fuck about you. [clapping and laughing] Nobody! And even some of the people inside the house… [laughter] …a little on the fence. We need bullies. How the fuck you gonna have a school with no bullies? Bullies do half the work. Thats right. Teachers do one half. Bullies do the whole other half. And thats the half youre gonna use as a fucking grown-up. Thats right. Who gives a fuck if you can code… if you start crying cause your boss didnt say hi? You fucking weak bitch. Get the fuck away from me. You think kids were nice to Bill Gates in high school? Hey, Gates, you Charlie Brown-looking motherfucker. Fuck you, Gates. You four-eyed bitch. Fuck you and your windows, you gape-tooth motherfucker. Im gonna smack the shit out of you, fucking Gate. Gate motherfucker. You cant get in the gate, Gates. You think kids were nice to Mark Zuckerberg in high school? Hey, Zucker-fuck. Zucker-fucker. Mother-Zucker. Mother. Zuck-Zucker, mother-Zuck. Suck my nuts-er, Zucker. Mother-Zucker. Mother-Zuck. Zucker-mother. Zucker-mother. Mother-Zucker. He invented Facebook after somebody smacked him in the face with a book. He invented Facebook just to get friends. We need bullies. Shit, pressure makes diamonds. Not hugs. Thats right. Hug a piece of coal and watch what you get. You get a dirty shirt. Im telling you, we need fucking bullies. Thats why theres so many fat kids in school right now. ‘Cause theres nobody to take their lunch money. You know what they buy with all that money? Seconds. We need bullies, man. I hate when people go, You know what, cyber bullying is worse. Shut up. I never heard of anybody getting cyber kicked down a flight of stairs. Ive never heard of anybody getting a cyber bag of piss thrown at them. We need fucking bullies. Shit, thats how Trump became president. Thats exactly what happened. We got rid of bullies. A real bully showed up, and nobody knew how to handle him. [applause and cheers] Shit. The cast of The Apprentice is running the world. Trump, the daughter, Omarosa. They run the world, man. Yo, man, this shit is crazy. A lot of people are like, Well, Trump is a bad person and he gonna get his. You know, some people never get theirs. Some people just fail up. People are like, Well, you know, what goes around comes around. No, it dont. Sometimes it just keeps going around. Aint nothing gonna happen to Trump, man. Nothings gonna happen to Trump. Heres the crazy thing. It might just work out. Trump might work out. -Yeah, I said it. -[laughing] Trump might work out. I mean, think about it this way. Bush was so bad… he gave us Obama. You forget that shit, dont you? Bush was so bad that people said, Hey, maybe this black guy has the answers. I think people overlook George Bushs contributions to black history. George Bush is a black revolutionary. Malcolm X, Rosa Parks, George Bush. They need to honor him at the Essence Festival. It might work out, man. Think about it. Bush was so bad he gave us Obama. Shit, Trumps so bad… he gonna give us Jesus. Jesus, what you doing here? You seen Trump? This shit is serious. Oh, man. Jesus. Im trying to get my life together, man. Im trying to get a little religion in my life. Just a little. Just a little. Religion is kinda like salt. A sprinkle is good, but too much will fuck up the meal. I mean, Im basically trying to find God before God finds me. [laughter, scattered clapping] But, God never finds you at a good time. Youre never sitting court side at a Knick game…. getting a hand job from Halle Berry, and… God shows up. She strokes a good dick, dont she? I made her. I made your dick too. Enjoy the game. God never shows up at those times. No, God shows up after youve been raped in jail. And youre in jail for parking tickets. Now, if you in jail for murder, and somebodys raping you, youre like, Ok, I guess this is what I deserve. I did kill somebody. Now somebody is killing my ass. Rape on. But if you in jail for parking tickets, and somebodys fucking you in your ass, youre like, I shouldve moved that car. -[laughter] -[scattered claps] What was I thinking? I thought it was Good Friday. They keep moving Easter. Trying to find God before God finds me. You know, lotta religion in the news, man. You ever watch the news, theyre always talking about religious extremists. Were at war with extremists. Extremists. What is a religious extremist? A religious extremist is a person that extremely believes in God. You think you believe in God. No, they extremely… believe in God. Like, God coming back on Wednesday. At 2:30, I got tickets. Fantasia is opening for him. I hear Charlie Wilson might stop by. Thats right. Religious extremists extremely believe in God. And occasionally blow shit up. Which is really odd when you think about it. ‘Cause if you truly believe in God, you believe that God created the Earth, the moon, the stars, the sun. You believe that God is the most powerful being in the universe. So, if you believe Gods the most powerful being in the universe, why would he need your help? What is that shit? And… It… Im sorry. [applause] Helping God? And its never nobody smart helping God out. Its never Malcolm Gladwell or Neil deGrasse Tyson. Its always some motherfucker that was working at Circuit City two weeks ago. Its like, What the fuck? Wasnt you loading trucks two weeks ago? Now youre helping out God? That is some promotion. What the fuck is going on? I mean, heres the thing. I think… the act of helping God is sacrilegious. If you think you can help God out, you dont believe in God. If you really had faith youd really have faith. I mean, check this out. I havent been to church in ten years. Now thats believing in God. [laugher and applause] Shit, you go every week cause you dont trust God. Nah, man. But I love religion. I love watching religion, studying religion. The cool thing about religion is, like, no matter who you pray to, no matter what you study, every religion… follows one basic premise. One basic idea that every religion follows. And that… And that premise is, God doesnt make mistakes. Every religion believes that. Every one. God, does not make… mistakes. I said, God… does not [high-pitched] make… mistakes. Ok, God dont make no mistakes? Thats– Thats… Ok. Thats… Thats a pretty ambitious thing to say. No mistakes? You ever read the Bible? What does the Bible say happened on the seventh day? God rested. Ok, seems odd that a perfect being would rest. Let me ask you a question. Have you ever been performing a task? It was going perfect, and you took a rest? Has that ever happened in your life? No, that has never fucking happened to you. What has happened to you was you were performing a task, you fucked up, and you thought, Let me rest… before I fuck this up some more. [laughter and applause] God doesnt make mistakes. Hush your mouth. God make plenty of mistakes. You ever see a porcupine? Cant eat it. Cant hug it. Its ugly, sticky, shitting all over the place. Mistake. What about quicksand? Sand you can drown in. You can drown dry. You think God meant to make quicksand? Mistake. You ever been to Mississippi? Mistake. M-I-S-S-T-A-K-E! You fucking kidding me? Just a big hunk of racist dirt. Fucking Mississippi. I was there a couple of months ago. I couldnt even tell what year it was. Thats how fucked up and ghetto that shit was. Like, God damn. You know what Mississippis like? You know, like, when you go to the Caribbean? You know when you go to the Caribbean, you land and you get in that van? That drive. That scary-ass drive… from the airport to the resort. And youre looking out the window, youre like, What the fuck? What the fuck is that shit? Oh, my God! Whoa! You see little kids eating dreadlocks. You see Shabba Ranks stabbing a dog. Shabba. Shabba. Shabba. Shabba. See, people looking like they never saw a car before. Wheel. Wheel. Then you get to the resort and youre like, Jamaicas nice. Its so nice. We should invite your mother. Shit. They give you one piña colada… and you forgive the worst poverty youve ever seen. You take one sip, youre like… That baby wasnt really dead, right? I cant wait to jet ski. Trying to find God before God finds me. Trying to get my life together, man. I had a crazy… Last few years have been crazy for me, man. Uh… [mutters] You know. Taking care of my kids, man. I got divorced. Divorced. No, no. Dont… [sparse claps] No. Dont clap for that shit unless youre a lawyer. You dont wanna get divorced. Let me tell you right now. Im talking– Im talking from hell. You dont want this shit. Telling you right. If you got somebody you love, hold tight. Thats right. Hold fucking tight. Commit. Dont be the one thats always threatening to leave, too. Thats right. Love hard or get the fuck out. If youre gonna leave, leave right now. Thats right. At the show. Right now. Thats right. Just break up. We got break up booths in the back. Thats right. But before you leave, you better make sure you got some options. Some of yall been in relationships so long, you dont know how ugly you are. Thats right. Love hard or get the fuck out. Ok. You hear me? Im telling you right now. If youre in a relationship, all you should be doing is fucking and going places. Thats all you should be doing. Having sex and traveling. Fucking and going places. You should be coming and going. Thats all you should be doing. Ok? People say, Oh, relationships are tough. No, they not. Theyre only tough when one persons working on it. Thats right. Two people could move a couch real easy. One person cant move it at all. Thats right. If you in a relationship, let me try to help you right now, ok? Im trying to fucking help you, ok? Ok, first rule. Rule one. Stop competing. Its not a fucking competition. Thats right. Her success is your success and your success is her success. Stop competing. Stop it, ok? Number two. Number two, ok? There is no equality in a relationship. Its like, We equals. No, youre not. Youre both there to serve. Youre in the service industry, ok? Thats right. When youre in a relationship, youre in a band. Youre in a fucking band. And when youre in a band, you have roles that you play in the band. Sometimes you sing lead and sometimes youre on tambourine. And if youre on tambourine, play it right. Play it right. Play it with a fucking smile. ‘Cause nobody wants to see a mad tambourine player. Thats right. If youre gonna play tambourine, you play that motherfucker right. You play it with your ass, like… ? Tambourine, motherfucker Tambourine ? ? Tambourine, motherfucker Tambourine ? ? Tambourine, motherfucker Tambourine ? ? Tambourine, motherfucker Tambourine ? Play it like Tina Turner. Thats right. You in a band. Its like Hall and Oates. I dont know what Oates does. But Hall never had a hit record without him. Yeah, you wanna stay together. How do you stay together? You gotta fuck. Its that simple. You gots to fuck. People are like, When we got together, it was so much fun, but then problems arose. No they didnt. Nothing arose. Every problem you have today, you had when you met. But you were fucking so you forgave. Thats right. You knew he didnt do dishes. But he gave you good dick. That was a swell trade. Dick for dishes. You used to love washing them dick dishes. You knew she couldnt cook. But she licked your balls. Youre like, Ah, keep licking. Well order in. You gots to fuck. You gotta fuck. You gotta keep it up. And you gotta fuck no matter what mood youre in. You gotta keep the shit moving. You cant wait for the Holy Ghost to just get you. Thats right. Thats right. Ladies, are you listening to me? Sometimes you gotta suck a melancholy  dick. You gotta do what you gotta do. ‘Cause I can eat pussy in a horrible mood. I cant believe theres no gas in the car. Cant believe theres so much mold in the basement. Shit, I eat pussy on 9/11. Where were you? [laughter] No, man. You gots to fuck, man. Dude, I was married for 16 years. Married for 16 years. Yeah. Thats a long run. Hamilton wont last that long. I was married for 16 years in the era of the cellphone. Which means my 16 years, is actually longer than my parents 40. Thats right. In 16 years, I had more contact with my ex-wife than my parents did in 40 years. Ok? My father used to leave for work at 6:30 in the morning and come home at 8:30 at night. And during the day, him and my mother had absolutely no contact at all. None. Ok? Thats what a relationship used to be. The kids couldve been dead. And he wouldnt have found that shit out till he got home. Hed be like, Baby, the kids are dead. What time they die? About eight hours ago. Damn, I missed it. Yes, thats right. You know what else? They actually missed each other. They missed each other. You know you cant miss nobody in 2017. Not really. You can say it. But you dont really miss a motherfucker. ‘Cause you with them all the time. They in your fucking pocket. Soon as you leave, man. Soon as you go somewhere, you get a fucking text. You get a ping. You get a beep. You get a fucking Facebook, an Instagram, you get something. You know, a FaceTime. And then later on your woman goes, You act like you dont wanna talk. Like, What the fuck are you talking about? I know everything you did today. And I know how people felt about it. I gave you five likes, bitch. I gave you three smiley faces and an eggplant. Dude, I was not, like, a good husband. Ill just… I was fucked up. You know? I was addicted to porn. I know, billion-dollar industry. Just me. Right? I was addicted to porn. You know. And, you know. You know. I was 15 minutes late, everywhere. I got some witnesses. When you watch too much porn, you know what happens? Heres what happens to you. You become, like, sexually autistic. You develop, like, sexual autism. You have a hard time with eye contact and… verbal cues. You want everything to be routine. Like, you cant choke your woman every night. You gotta mix it up. Choke-out Thursdays. And, what happens, too, you watch too much porn, you get desensitized. You know? Its like, when you start watching porn, its like, any porn will do. Its like, Ah, theyre naked! Ooh-hoo! Then later on, now youre all fucked up. And you need a perfect porn cocktail… to get you off, no? I was so fucked up. Like, Id need an Asian girl, with a black girls ass… that speaks Spanish. Just to get my dick to move an inch. Im a lot better now. Ladies… thats right, take care of your man. Fellas, take care of your wives, your girlfriends. Take care of her. Or she will leave you. She will leave you either physically or mentally. A woman can leave you mentally. Thats right, like Star Trek. Just telepath out this motherfucker. Theres guys that think they with they wife right now. But no, nigga, she left you months ago. She just came cause you got tickets. She aint with you. She with me. Oh, man, the older you get, the more shit you learn. One thing… the gangster-est shit in the world. You learn nothing more gangster, nothing smarter, nothing more powerful than a housewife. Housewives are the smartest motherfuckers on Earth. People think its the working woman. No. Suckers work. Thats right. Smart people find other people to work for them. Thats right. Thats right. They got the Housewives of Atlanta. They dont got the working bitches of Atlanta. Nobody would watch that show. No, a housewifes a bad motherfucker, boy. ‘Cause the housewife has convinced the husband… that its his house, too. Theres a lot of guys in here right now, think they own a house. Think its they house too. No. She took that house years ago. And the kids were in on it. Thats right. Thats right, the housewifes a bad motherfucker. ‘Cause the housewife got a little time. Thats right. So, before Daddy come home, the housewife get the kids together and they rehearse a little play… that they do when Daddy get home. Its like, Ok, Daddy gonna be here in five minutes. You know your lines? I miss you, Daddy. Good. Good. You say that soon as he walk in, ok? I need you to grab his leg and dont let go. Im gonna give him a big piece of chicken. And when he fall asleep, we go back to having our house. Ha-ha! Thats right, fellas. You dont own a house. If you live with a woman, you dont have a house. That is her fucking house. Only man that owns anything is a single man, ok? And fellas, heres the test, right now. If you really think… you own a house, this the test. Ok, fellas, tonight when you go home, I want you to try…. I want you to try…. Fellas, when you go home tonight, I want you to try… to hang up a picture of your mother. Its your house, right? Give it a shot. Whats that? Its a picture of my mother. [tsks] I dont like that frame. Youll never see that picture again. Maybe at your mothers funeral. Shell go, Look what I found. Motherfucker. Yo, ladies, if you got a good husband, got a good man, hold on tight. Another woman will take your husband. Theyll take him. Theres women in here right now with stolen husbands. You know who you are. Youre like, That bitch was slipping. Thats right. Hold tight or another woman will take your man. Fellas, you dont gotta really worry about that. Nobodys taking your wife. Oh, dont get me wrong. Theyll fuck your wife. Oh, theyll fuck her good. Theyll fuck her better than you. But they not gonna take her. Theres no guy going, Yeah, I want her to yell at me the way she yells at him. I wanna live in a house with no pictures of my mother. Oh, theyll fuck her, and then theyll return her. I believe this is yours. Bitch had me feeling bad about myself. Oh, man. I fucked up, man. Divorce, man. You dont want no parts of this shit, man. And… you know, its… Its my fault cause Im a fucking asshole, man. Im just… I… I wasnt… I wasnt a good husband. I wasnt a good husband. I didnt listen. I wasnt kind. True. True. You know? You know, I had an attitude. I thought, Ah, I pay for everything. I could do what I want. That shit dont fucking work. You know, I just thought I was the shit, man. Uh, I didnt play the tambourine. You gotta play the tambourine. Everybody gotta play the tambourine. I cheated. Yeah. Im serious. Im not bragging. I cheated. I was, like, on the road. You know, I end up sleeping with three different women. Its, like, fucked up. You know whats fucked up? Heres the thing. When guys cheat… its like, we want something new. We want something new, right? But, then, you know what happens? Your woman finds out. And now shes new. Shes never the same again. So, now you got new, but you got a bad new. You know? You got bad fucking new, man. And I know every woman in heres like, Fuck you, Chris. What the fuck, man? You? I thought you was alright. You? Come on, Chris. What the fuck is wrong with you? What the fuck is wrong with men? I know a bunch of women are thinking that right now. Every woman in heres like, Fuck you, Chris. And every guy in here right now is going, Three? [laughter] Thats it? Just three? God damn, nigga. I work at UPS. I got more hoes than that. Three? You mustve really loved your wife. You a romantic. Yo, you dont wanna get divorced, man. This shit is no joke, man. Had to go through a custody fight for my kids. Just to see my kids, man. That shits fucked up, man. First of all, you dont wanna be a man in family court. And you dont wanna be a black man in any court. Ok, even the black judge comes to work with his lawyer. And he keeps his robe on all day. And writes Judge on the back. Just in case somebody thinks its a nigga with a cape. Is that a nigga with a cape? Nope, just a judge. Yo, man, I was in court. That shit was scary, man. Like, to not know if youre gonna be able to fucking see your kids. You know? And when I got divorced, I wanted it to be smooth, you know? So, I bought a house around the corner. Ok? Like a fucking quarter of a mile. Like, right around the fucking corner. Damn near the same house, ok? But, it wasnt enough, man. I went in there and that judge was like, Uh, Mr. Rock, I need to see pictures… of the beds in the bedroom to make sure the children have a place to sleep. I was like, What… What… You think I got a manger? What? Like, I got a million-dollar house with no beds? Ok, showed him the picture, right? But that wasnt enough. Then the judge was like, Uh, Mr. Rock, I need to see pictures of the refrigerator and the food inside… to make sure the children have enough to eat. And Im like… What have you heard about me? [laughter] Im Chris Rock, not Chris Brown. Yo, man. Yo, fellas, I hope none of you get divorced. Im telling you right now, if you ever do anything good for your kids, take a picture of that shit. If you hug them, take a picture. If you feed them, take a picture. ‘Cause you never know when you might need receipts of love. Winter is coming. It worked out. I got my kids. I got my kids. I got my custody. Its fucking beautiful, ok? Got my kids, man. I just won them this afternoon. I got my fucking kids, man. That shit was, like, humiliating, man. Trying to… prove your parenthood, man. So, I know I said youre not supposed to compete in a relationship. But, after you go through that shit, like, Am I gonna lose my kids? Its like, Yo, Im going hard, every time I have my kids. And I always went hard, but Im going extra hard. I dont know what youre doing at your mothers house, but we gonna top that shit. Every motherfucking time, ok? Sometimes I bring guest stars. I make sure they go back to her with a story. They like, Mama, Mama, Drake helped me with my homework. Lady Gaga made me a grilled cheese sandwich. Yall think Im bullshitting. Check my Instagram, alright? And the crazy thing is… So, after you get through the custody thing, then you gotta divide the money. Thats some fucking scary shit, man. And whoever, whoever… makes the most money has to pay the legal fees for the other person. So, I had to pay for a lawyer to divorce me. Thats like hiring a hit man to kill you. Its like, Ok, heres a picture of me. Im gonna be at Burger King… at 10:38, ok? Shoot me in the head and give me a call. So.. Im in court. Yo, one day Im in court and Im just looking around. And, you know, she got three lawyers. I got three lawyers. Shits expensive as fuck. She got three lawyers. I got three lawyers. The judge. The bailiff. The stenographer. And Im looking at all these motherfuckers, man. I was like, Wow, look at this whole town. Just here. And Im looking at all these people and realize, like, everybody in this room is far more educated than me. Everybody. I dropped out of Boys High, ok. Got college motherfuckers coming at me, right? And I realize everybody in the room, born to much better circumstances than me. Im from Bed-motherfucking-Stuy, baby. And everybody in there is there to take my money. [laughter] Its like, Everybody in here is gonna leave with more money except me. And they got up that morning. They brushed they teeth. They put on suits. They fixed their hair with the sole purpose of taking my shit. And, at that moment, I realized something. I made it. I made it. Started from the bottom, now Im here. I made it, man. And after that, I was like, Fuck it, take it. Whatever you need. Take it. Ill be alright. Im gonna work. Its gonna be good. ‘Cause heres the crazy thing. Some of these lessons, you just gotta learn. Like, I brought this shit on myself. You know? Nobody told me to go ho up, you know. I brought this shit on myself. And, you just gotta learn some lessons. Some man lessons. Ok? I know its hard being a woman, but theres a coldness… that you have to accept… when youre a man, especially a black man. Its like… The worlds cold as a motherfucker, ok? When you get older, one thing I learned… only women, children and dogs… are loved unconditionally. Women, children, and dogs are loved unconditionally. A man is only loved… under the condition that he provides something. Ok? Ive never heard a woman in my life say, You know, after he got laid off, we got so much closer. No, no, no. I once heard my grandmother say, A broke man is like a broke hand. Cant do nothing with it. What kind of gangster shit is that? Thats right. Women, children, and dogs are loved unconditionally. A man is only loved under the condition that he provides something. Thats right, fellas, when you meet a new girl, what do your friends ask you? Whats she look like? Ladies, when you meet a new guy, what do your friends ask you? What does he do? What the fuck does that nigga do that can help you out? Can this motherfucker facilitate a dream or not? Even right now, Michelle Obama is looking at Barack, going, Whats your plans, nigga? Hows that book turning out? I need to see some pages. I remember, right when my divorce was final, I was at a party and I saw Rihanna. I was like, Ok, lets start this again. So, Im at this party, I see Rihanna. I was like, Ok, let me say whats up. Right? And Im like, How you doing, Rihanna? You ever forget how old you are? Rihanna looked at me like I was one of her aunts. Like… She didnt even register me as a dick-carrying member of society. Like, I would have had an easier time fucking Aretha Franklin. Ah, man. Im retired. I am, uh… This cheat shit. Im done. Im done. You get to a certain age. You go, you lost… Shit. You lose enough shit. Its like, Fuck this. I am done cheating. Im… Hey, I love pussy, but I like peace more. Peace is better than pussy. Peace makes my dick hard. I need motherfucking peace, motherfucker. You wanna be my girl? Be peaceful. Just some peace, motherfucker. Thats right, I aint cheating at all, you know. I mean, unless Rihanna, you know… Its all good, man. Now Im dating. Im actually dating. Its just weird, man. Its weird. I was married for a long time, man. You know, I date some girls my age. And some a little younger. That shit is crazy, man. Yo, shit has changed. These girls fuck fast now. They fuck fast and they leave. They just get the fuck out yo house. They just fuck and leave. Im like, Where you going? Its yo place. And they fuck immediately. Im a grown man. And Im like, This is inappropriate. My God. Young girls like to get on top. Always wanna get on top. Let me ride it, Daddy. Let me get on top. Let me ride it. Let me get on top. Let me ride it. Let me ride it. Let me ride it. You cant get no 45 year-old-woman to get on top. Shes like, nigga, you lucky Im laying like this. Ill turn over to help you finish, but thats about it. These knees are delicate. Shit, Im on Tinder right now, under my own name. My friends are like, You cant be under your own name. What if you find a woman that just wants you cause youre Chris Rock? Im like, But I am Chris Rock. What should I put? ‘Cedric the Entertainer? Shit, my profile picture on Tinder right now is me, butt-naked, holding a microphone, and a tambourine. Hey, Im out of here. Yall take care. Thank you. [Tambourine playing] ? Oh, my God, here you are ? ? Prettiest thing in life Ive ever seen ? [whistling] ? Mm-hmm ? ? Close my eyes, whats it like? ? ? Whats it like inside your tambourine? ? ? Oh, my God, there I go ? ? Falling in love With a face in a magazine ? ? Uh-oh, oh, no ? [whistling] ? All alone, by myself ? ? Me and I, play my tambourine ? ? Tambourine ? ? Tambourine ? ? Tambourine ? ? The tambourine ?

FRED ARMISEN@STANDUP FOR DRUMMERS@2018@Drummers only tonight. Drummers only. Not bad. All right. [drumroll] [crowd cheers] [crowd cheers] Have you guys ever checked into one of those newer hotels, like the W Hotel, like a sort of very futuristic-looking hotel, with like sort of white shag carpeting everywhere? And for some reason, this is the music that seems to be playing all the time. [gentle techno muzak plays] What is this music? Who– who makes this music? It… It doesnt seem to have a beginning or an end. It just pulses like this and… Im gonna do my impression of waiting to check in to the W Hotel. The front desk is right here. [techno muzak continues] Thats it. Thank you. [audience laughs, applauds] I find jazz music problematic. I have no– Nothing against jazz musicians. Im sure people enjoy it, but the problem with jazz is that my mind– I immediately think, This is jazz, as opposed to really enjoying the song. Thats the problem I have, is it just– Right away, Im like, Oh, this is jazz. My belief is that everyone here has the same problem. And to prove it, Im gonna play some– some real jazz. And when you find your mind wandering, when you feel like, Oh, Im sort of checking out a little bit,  just honestly raise your hand. Im gonna do… Im gonna do the same thing. All right. [jazz plays] Wow, this is great. Right here. I lose it right here. That song, it goes on for another five minutes. Theres more… [jazz song resumes] Now, I just played it. Whats the melody? Whats the melody? Gone. Right? Have you guys ever traveled to another country? You know, some place like Italy or Brazil? And you watch TV, and someone comes on to sing, and its someone youve never seen before, a total stranger, and theres a huge crowd, like an arena, screaming for this person. Who is that guy? [hums] You know, its a sort of… You know. [synth pop plays] [sings in fake Spanish] And theyre freaking out. [synth music stops] And I want to talk to that audience. I want to go to those crowds in whatever language they speak, and say, You guys, youre cheering for nobody. Theres… This guy, no one knows who he is. You know whats a crazy song? That circus song. You know the circus song? [hums Entrance of the Gladiators] What a crazy melody. Who– So, a person wrote that. [hums Entrance of the Gladiators] My thought is that… this guy– This person wrote this song, right? And then, someone from the circus was like, Oh, I like that. Would you mind if I used it? Im starting this thing called the circus, and Im just gonna use it, you know… And the other guy was like, Oh, my God, please knock yourself out. Whatever you want to do. And the guy from the circus sped it up. [hums Entrance of the Gladiators] And it sort of got used at the circus so much that it got associated with it, to the point where in whatever city they were in, people would go up to the guy who wrote the song like, Hey, man. I love that circus song. And hed say, Its not the… Its not the circus song. I wrote it. Another type of music I find problematic is zydeco music. I dont know what to do with it. I dont know what it– I just cant connect to it. I dont know what it wants from me. If I play zydeco music, I just dont know what to do. [zydeco music plays] I dont– I– Its too silly to dance to, right? But… [zydeco music stops] Blues to me… I picture… a street fair, like a beer fest. You know, like outdoors during the day. And blues is kind of like… Its great for like 20 seconds, and then immediately, I want to– I just want to go. Do you ever go to a show– Have you ever been to a show and felt sorry for the band? Because youre the only person there, and, like, they could see you. The band is there, and they brought all their equipment, and theyre playing their hearts out, and youre like… They can see you. Its a terrible feeling. Im gonna do my impression of being at, like, a beer fest, and Im in the street, watching this band, and for a moment, its great. Im so happy to hear blues, but then… I want to go. And I just dont want– I dont want the band to know, but its unavoidable. [blues music plays] The band is up on stage right there. [blues music continues playing] Thanks. [blues music stops, audience applauds] Heavy metal has gotten more and more dense, more and more dark. Its heavier than ever, and thats great. I love that. But by that trajectory, going back in time, there must have been a time where doo-wop music was the hardest music youve ever heard. Right? It only makes sense. There was a time where someone heard doo-wop and was like, This is too much. This is too loud. Turn it down. So, Im gonna do my impression of a guy in the 50s, and hes, like, at a doo-wop show, and its the heaviest thing hes ever heard, and hes so into it. [Blue Moon by the Marcels plays] ? Blue moon, blue moon, blue moon ? ? Blue moon, blue moon, blue moon ? ? Blue moon, blue moon, blue moon ? ? Blue moon, you saw me standing alone ? ? Without a dream in my heart ? [music stops] Its pretty crazy music, doo-wop, isnt it? Like, thats a band. Thats a real band. They had a practice space and… It was the 50s, and they were like, Hey, its rock ‘n roll time. Lets make some rock ‘n roll songs. If I was in that band, and someone was like, Okay, what if I start… [imitates vocalizing] Id be like, No, we should really write something. So, Im talking about being a drummer. I love being a drummer. Im proud of being a drummer. We are drummers. We are all drummers. Theres a pride to it. Theres a pride to carrying a snare case through an airport. You know? Youre just sort of– And this is a secret. Youre just better than everybody. [mutters indistinctly] Not gonna check it, youre putting it in the overhead compartment, right? Youre a drummer. Its a sense of pride. Its a sense of like, This is the tools of my trade. And when I see a commercial, you know, for like a new car– I dont know if you guys go through this. Do you ever look at a new car, and youre just like, Where does the kick drum go? Right? Wheres the hatchback for it? Do you ever talk to someone whos been to Turkey, to Istanbul? My feeling as a drummer– I dont know if you guys go through this. Im always like… Did you visit the Zildjian factory? This… And then I judge them afterwards if theyre– No, I really do know someone who just went on a honeymoon there, and I was like, Why did you not go to the Zildjian factory? Why else go? But we also have to be honest with ourselves about being drummers, right? Like… Sometimes, youll go do a gig. Yes, I said– Gig is a good word to use, right? I can say gig. And… Do you ever bring your own cymbals? Do we really need to bring them? No, we do not. I think its because we want to match the other musicians that are bringing guitars. I think we just want to carry something. And the same thing goes for cymbal shopping. Its kind of a lie. Right? Just a sort of like– You go to these cymbal shops, and theres like cymbals everywhere. Like fine wine. Theres only one word we use to describe it, whenever we buy that cymbal, is that its dark. Its dark. The dark tone. We have to stop with the way that we want to feel special by pronouncing things weird . Is it Pay-ste or Paiste? Zoldjian? Zildjian? Neil Peert? Neil Peart? Does it have to be that difficult? And when we go look at drum kits… do we really think that those little, teeny kits, those little jazz kits, do we think they sound great? or are we getting older, and we dont want to carry… those big drums anymore? Im just asking. How many of you as drummers… Youre just so– How much time has been spent– This is so much– I– I think if we took a film of my experience as a drummer, It would not be on stage, it would be this business, and then… that. Do you ever have someone whos not a drummer help you unpack? Here. No, you– You broke it. Is it me, or is it just so hard to get a snare drum to be exactly the right… way? Do you guys go through this? Im always like, No, damn it. No. No. And drum companies… Stop. Stop coming up– Theyre– Drum companies have to– Theyre out of control. Stop… But the names of hardware… I have a pedal that Ive been using for so– Called Iron Cobra. Im a grown man. I… It says on the pedal. It says Iron Co– Iron Cobra? Iron… Thats a cobra made out of iron. You know  cajóns ? Theyre– Drum companies– Yeah– Drum companies are trying to… For those of you who arent drummers, Ill explain what a– Cajón is a wooden box thats supposed to sound like a drum. It sounds like this. Its like… Youll see people sitting on them. And theyre trying to sell us these cajóns . The fantasy is were gonna go on a camping trip and like… If someone did that, Id be like, Its okay. You can just clap your hands or something. Do you ever watch a movie or TV show? Youre watching it, and theres a scene with, like, a wedding band. And the bands playing. You know? Its like a really cool scene, and everyones acting and… But you look at the… You look at the drum kit… And its just so wrong. Youre like, No. It takes you right out, right? [no audible drumming] Famous drummers… you guys, when youre making your drum instruction videos, please, work on the artwork, and the lighting is horrible. Those– Have you seen the lighting in these things? Like… The sweat, the… Paradiddles. I also wanted to discuss… kick pedals. Double kick– You know double kick pedals, right? Yeah. I had one up here. I think– Okay, Im gonna– Im missing a double kick pedal thats supposed to be up here. Im gonna go… Go grab it. Its perfectly fine. Hi, excuse me. Oh, yeah. Hi. Good. How can I help you? Good. I just wanted to get this double kick pedal. Im in a little bit of a rush. Well, this is kind of old-school now. The newest thing is the octa-pedal. Octa-pedal? Yeah, its right over here. Check it out. This is an amazing piece of artwork right here. It makes playing eight kick drums a lot easier. [hums in rhythm with pedals] Youre gonna rock this. Octa-pedal… I just cant picture it working. [rhythmic drumming] Oh, thats incredible. This could be you, too. [drumroll] Sheila E. Ive toured around this country a lot. Ive been all over the place. All kinds of venues, all kinds of cities, all kinds of states. And everyone speaks a different way. Its kind of the beauty of it. [affected Maine accent] Maine… Maine, you can almost hear England there. [Vermont accent] Vermont, hit the Ts? The Ts are here, Vermont. [Massachusetts accent] Massachus– My daughter. Massachu– My daughter got married in June. June. Its a kind of bite… Its a throat bite. Boston, Massachusetts. [Connecticut accent] Connecticut, you get a bit of that East Coast kind of– Almost New York, but not quite. Connecticut. Thats my business, not yours. Yeah, its just, Connecticut. [New York accent] Then New York City. New York Citys got a lot of accents. Manhattan. Manhattans kind of, you know– Upper West Side is kind of very serious, and… I always fear a medical condition. Upper West Side medical condition, and… [Brooklyn accent] Brooklyn. Brooklyns a little more tough. Yeah, Brooklyn, what? Brooklyn. Brooklyns tough, but the Bronx– [Bronx accent] The Bronx is in the lungs. What? The Bronx. [alternating accents] Brooklyn. The Bronx. Brooklyn. Manhattan. Manhattan. Professional Manhattan. Brooklyn. [Queens accent] Queens has got– Queens. Nobody told me. Queens. Nobody told me. Why didnt you tell me? [Long Island accent] Lo– Lo– Lo– Long Island stalls for time. Stal– Im gonna stall. New Jersey. [Jersey accent] New Jersey starts to kind of– It– New Jerseys almost like a little punch. About to punch, New Jersey. Got New Jersey, and then Philadelphia and Pittsburgh. [Pittsburgh accent] You can just go there. You can just go there to Pittsburgh. [Baltimore accent] And then down to Baltimore. Motor oil. I always think motor oil. Baltimore. Motor oil. [Virginian accent] Then down to Virginia. Virginias got… You kind of start to hear a little bit of the Southern accent, but not too much. [accents switch] West Virginias kind of– Youve heard that before. And Kentucky tightens up a little. But Kentucky… the I is clo– Kentucky. West Vir– And then, little bit more, North Carolina. Theres kind of a– Now,  hold on. North Carolina. You mentioned two pumpkins. Im not sure– Just rethinking what you said there. And then… Then South Carolina, theres a little bit of pageantry in South Carolina. And Georgia, you start to lose the R in Georgia. Georgia, Atlanta. Florida. No– Florida. Kind of… They kind of take two syllables, turn them into one. Flo– Florida. Florida. But Miamis got a little bit of– I am born in Miami, but I still have this accent, and… But Florida, mostly, I dont know why, it was a baseball mitt. Baseball mitt. Alabama. ‘Bama– Alabama. Theres a kind of bounce to the word– The syllables, Alabama. Texas, I kind of… Dallas. Dallas, to me, seems the most forthright, but then Houston, I feel like theyre scolding you a little. Houston. But Austins got– Austin wants to have fun. I would like to put a little laugh in Austin. [accent switches] Dallas. Houston. Dallas. Dallas. Oklahoma and Arkansas, and then you go to Illinois. You can start to get that– Actually, a lot of Southern Illinois still has a bit of a drawl, but as you come up through Indiana and Chicago, you start to get that Midwestern sound. Chicago. Chicago. Ca… Ba… Car. Whose car? Is that your car? But Wisconsins more Chicago than Chicago, Wisconsin. This is the Minneapolis Police. Minneapolis. Minnesota. Minnesota. Duluth, almost Canadian, Duluth. But Canadas– Oh, Canada, eh? I know. Weve heard it before, eh? Cigarettes, eh? Cigarettes. And then as you go through Montana, it starts to flatten out, Montana. I think they put a Y in their vowels for some reason. Montana. Idaho and Seattle. Seattle is interesting because they present their words on a plate. They present… Im from Seattle. These are the words. Portland is the same thing, but set back a little bit, and a little more quiet. So, they present the words to you, but they take it back a little bit. No. No. San Francisco. I– The way I think of San Francisco is this is a fact. This is a fact. Excuse me? No. That– This is a fact. This is… But in Southern California, as you go down, the thing that you want to do is you want to pronounce every part of the word. Every syllable of every word. Southern California. Arizona, and then going into Mexico. Mexico, the Spanish… [speaking in Spanish] [continues speaking in Spanish] But lo Cubano… [speaking in Spanish] [continues speaking in Spanish] [switches between Mexican-accented and Cuban-accented Spanish] Thank you very much. All right. Do you ever see the thing that these people do when theres an adult, and then theres a child– Theyre talking to a child, and then theres another adult in the room, and they sort of do a joke that is only for the other adult? They sort of link it with a wink. You know, kind of like, Hey. Did you get your drivers license? Got a girlfriend? Whats the wink for? Whats the wink? Do you ever step into an elevator? You go in, its just you, and theres two people. And one person wants to carry on the conversation at full volume, right? But the other person wants to kill the conversation, wants it done. I cant believe that guy said hes from Peru. I know. Something that people are doing these days with words are theyre slowing a word down at the end of a sentence to emphasize it. They slow it almost to a dead stop. I was getting my hair cut, and it was kind of crowded, and I told the lady, I was just like, Hey, you guys are doing great. This is really good. Shes like, I know, its great. Its like– Its weird because, like, we dont really do any advertising . Ever see this thing that people do where they play-act within their sentence? They do a little act. They sort of involve themselves in an act in describing themselves. You know what I mean? Kind of like, Yeah, its really weird, Im, like, a parent now. Its weird, cause Im, like, going to PTA meetings. Im, like, buying toys. I am not impressed by great photography. I dont care anymore. I dont care about great photography. Its overrated. So what? I dont know what Im supposed to do with that information. Its always sort of a wrinkled face. Wrinkled. Black and white, wrinkles. And like a shabby room. A shabby living room, maybe. Maybe a picture of a beauty pageant. You know what great photography is usually? Its poor people. Right? Thats all it ever– Its just poor people– Its a poor person proud of something. Every great– I dont like camping, because I dont like the sound of the tent– The zippers. [imitates zipper unzipping] First thing in the morning… [imitates zipper] [imitates zipper] Do you ever feel sorry for a corporation? I feel sorry for Burger King. I feel bad. I pull into a rest stop, and Im like, Oh, Burger– Look at them. I just– Changing their logo and, like, really… Theyre still doing it, but theyre… And Im sure someone from the company would say, Actually, were doing great. But to me, they dont seem like theyre in the conversation. You know what I mean? Theyre not in– Theyre not a guilty pleasure. Theyre not– Theyre just Burger King. Im like, Oh, I guess– I guess well go there. I also feel sorry for doctors from the 1700s. I feel bad for them. We all– Were so mean. Why are you guys so mean to them? Youre like, Oh, they used leeches, those idiots. What? Leave them alone. If I was them, Id be like, Hey, Im so sorry that we wanted to help people. And we dont have microscopes. Im sorry. Leeches, thats what we have. Im just trying to help people. Its a wrap on back surgery. Back surgery doesnt work. No more back surgery. Dont you feel like with back surgery, its like, Hey, do you want to go do this thing? No, I just had back surgery. Isnt supposed to be, They fixed it? Do you ever notice that musicians, like guitar players, they have like weird, little, wispy bodies? Sloping… You know, sloped shoulders and like wispy hands and arms. But their heads are kind of too big. Come see the show. Arent crazy people crazy? Thats a separate thought. Just crazy people, they really do it 24/7. When I see videos online of people, like, releasing animals, you know, like freeing– Like, therell be a goat or something trapped in a barbed wire fence. They cut it, and then these animals run away. They show zero gratitude. Do you notice that? Theres never the moment in the video where theyre like, Oh, my God, thank you so much. I cant believe it. They just run away. Im gonna do my impression of a decomposing fox. You know, like those fast-motion videos. Can you all see me? A little bit. Thank you. I had a near-death experience. This really happened to me. I– Have you guys gone to Disneyland? [audience cheers] I had a really scary thing happen to me there, where Im on the Indiana Jones ride, right? This is true. I went on the Indiana Jones ride. My sister and her two kids, they were in the front, and I was in the middle seat. And what it is, its like an amphibious vehicle, like a Jeep, with like three wheels. So I get on, get in, and my Jeep, mine, went off the tracks. Went off of the tracks. It jumped up, and it went through this, like, tunnel, like a rock tunnel… and, like, down, and then… Im like, How do I jump out of this thing? And it goes… It goes over this bridge, a bridge… thats falling apart. It was like an old broken bridge. I dont know why it was in there. Horrifying. And theres kids in the front, and theres this– The feeling of arrows whizzing past me. And then… Awful. And then I looked behind me, and theres a boulder coming through like this. So Im just like, Oh, thats– Okay, people make mistakes. I understand. So I get out, and I get on the ride again. It happened again. Remember this, okay? If I die before you, do not let my funeral be, like, a joyous occasion. I want my funeral… Please make sure this happens. …to be terrifying. Funerals should be scary. Thats what theyre for. Right? It should be– I want people to come back from my funeral like, That was horrible. That was… I want there to be screams, and thunder and lightning, and a horse-drawn carriage. I want the body to be missing. I want the sort of coffin to look like a real coffin shape, and then– The music should be that organ music, right? You know the organ music? [ominous organ music plays] I want to hire an actor to kind of like… greet people. Are you here for the funeral? [ominous organ music stops] You know whats weird about– The weird thing about being a drummer is the pathway behind the hi-hat. Right? Where do we go? Never– Its never right, and this always happens. My other problem with jazz… is that jazz drummers, you know, they have their whole kit, they never play it. They never really play the drums, do they? Do ever notice that? You go to see a jazz band, and its just… [riffs gently on cymbals] Do you drummers — Do you guys have that friend who thinks they can play the drums? Do you have that guy? That person who just, Hey, I could do this. Its always the same beat. Do you ever see those drummers who… They have that one reggae song, and they have to prove to you that they can play– They play– Overplay it. Its like too reggae, you know. [plays reggae drum line] Calm down. I dont know why, this is my least favorite beat to play. I cant get into it. Theres something wrong with this beat. Its not fun to listen to, not fun to play. Here are some drummers you might know. This is my impression of Ringo Starr. Hes always very happy when he plays. [plays upbeat drum line] Keith Moon is a little more… [plays fast-paced drum line] Larry Mullen from U2. [plays rhythmic drum line] Hes sort of marching forward. -[man] Copeland. -Theres– Stewart Copeland. Someone say Stewart Copeland? Hes kind of like…[ [plays upbeat drum line] Meg White, shes great. Shes got a very– Shes got an arc of drumming, so… [plays emphatic drum line] A lot of drummers, they tell you that their favorite drummer is John Bonham in a way– As if theyre the first person to say it. Like, You know who I like? Bonham. Do you ever see that… When a drummer plays on a ballad, they ding the cymbal at the end for no reason . It doesnt do anything to the song. Do you ever see that? ? Until the end of time  ? [cymbal dings] Why? Leave it. Leave the song alone. Its great. It ended already. This did nothing. How many people have either been in this band, or have had to see this type of band? [guitar music continues via foot pedal] [looped guitar music continues] Do you ever listen to… Do you ever listen to NPR? And there… There are those drummers who are too respectful… Too respectful of the artist. Theyre so gentle, and they– They usually play with, like, a maraca and a mallet. Ill show you what I mean. Id like to bring on a special guest… here at NPR. Hows it going, Thao? Im doing well. Thank you. Thanks for having me. Welcome to the station, and… I understand youve been touring. Whats that like? Id say its both inspiring and devastating. But really beneficial, because… all points of joy and sorrow are like messiahs of song to me. Youre gonna play a song from the new album, correct? I would be honored. All right, lets get your whole band here, and off you go. [gently riffs on drums] ? A window by the porch ? ? A faded mirror in the vestibule ? ? A letter addressed To the owner of the house ? ? With the rusty weather vane ? ? But the owner is a ghost ? ? From Missouri ? ? From Missouri ? Thank you. Thank you. One last impression of a drummer I wanted to do is Tito Puente. I used to see Tito Puente… [plays Latin jazz drum line] He was so great, and he would do… He would sort of do the same joke every night, but I always thought it was a brand-new joke until I saw it a few times, but its so good. He was always like… Did you feel it? -Did you feel it? -Yeah! Did you feel it, beautiful baby? Not you, her. -[man] Karen Carpenter. -Karen Carpenter is great. Did you see that video of, like, her playing all the different kits? Yeah. Im gonna do something similar, so… Theres this line of kits in front of me. So, Revival Drums helped me do this. This is drum kits through the decades. Right? Its sort of working its way back. We started– We couldnt really do the 1800s, because thats sort of marching band drums, but we figured maybe the 20s and 30s was a good place to start. So… here is this. Heres this kit from the 20s and 30s. And these are called traps, because they were– Theyre contraptions. This is before they were really riding on any cymbals or hi-hats. So its kind of… [plays jazzy big band drum line] And they would sort of hit the cymbal without the kick drum. Youd only hear it on its own. The thing that — Theres also something called a lowboy, thats like a little hi-hat down here. Before they could real– Before they figured out to sort of hit them, it was just down here. There were all these sound effects because of silent movies. They would sort of play for those. So this is a Chinese tom-tom. Wood blocks, cowbell, cymbal . So, pretty cool. I like this. Then we move on to the 40s. This is a sort of Gene Krupa big-band-style kit. And this is where like… [plays big band drum line] Or the du– The hi-hat would sort of– That kind of came into play when they could play with their sticks. And… And brushes… Brushes, so cool. Thats like the sort of last of that sort of swinging sound. So, this is the 50s, and this is where rock ‘n roll– This is where sort of it became less of that triplet feel, and just kind of straight eighth notes. [plays rock ‘n roll drum line] They would also do– A lot of 50s music sort of pause– The drums would just pause for, like, a buildup. Really nice sound. Then… This is the 60s, and this is where things got a little more swishy and kind of funky at the same time. Kind of like… [plays energetic drum line] This is the sort of Ringo-style kit, and they– Apparently, people saw them on Ed Sullivan, and they just wanted– Everyone wanted to be a drummer. Thats kind of where that all turned around. And then weve got the 70s, where the kits kind of just grew. Just really big kits. You know, sort of… [plays upbeat drum line] But somehow, strangely, softer music. Like bigger kits, but softer music. And… a lot of their sound kind of came… Theres a kind of really dead sound. I kind of picture– Well, disco was kind of like… [plays disco drum line] Or even softer. Sometimes, it was… Speaking of deadened tom-toms, sometimes– I dont know how many Beatle fans are here, but when Paul McCartney– Yeah. When Paul McCartney plays drums… Hes done so in a lot of his solo stuff. …he tends to stop his beat to do a fill, and then he doesnt end it with a cymbal. So its kind of like… What a nice audience. Its so nice to see everybody. Hi. This is kind of my favorite. This is kind of where I grew up listening to drummers. This is a Simmons pad kit. This is– I brought this from home. But everything became kind of up-tempo, you know. [plays up-tempo drum line] Or theres the kind of– The Minneapolis sound. I know those are LinnDrums, but I always– When I think of Prince, its… [plays 70s pop drum line] That kind of… -Yeah! -Yeah. Yes. I could play this all– I love these. The 80s… The poor 80s. The 80s were kind of like… They– Their attitude was like, No, now we begin the future. Hexagonal drums. This is it. No more drums. This is… But that– That was it. It ended there. It ended in 1988 or whatever. Now, the 90s… 90s is a curious decade of drumming. Huge kick drums. Yellow, red. Lot of colors. Lot of bright colors. It was kind of bottom heavy with the toms, right? Sort of… But with the snare, super high and tight. So… But… Do you ever see the thing, like in the 90s, where theyd have a regular beat going, and then they would sort of abruptly cut to like a little sort of drum machine beat? You know, like…. Lot of buildups, too, in the 90s. So, that brings us to this. This is the sort of… I tried to come up with a 2000s kit, and its really– What Ive been seeing… I hope this isnt getting in your face. Sorry about that. …is a lot of– Theres a lot of vintage-looking drums, kind of smaller. A Roland pad. Theyll put a pad up here instead of a rack tom. They do a lot of their fills on the hi-hat. And also, there seems to be a laptop going most of the time. So, theres a lot of… And then a really dead-sounding cymbal. And there we go, theres everything. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you, drums. From Green Day, Tré Cool. So… Tré and I are gonna show you some of the dynamics of being in a band together. One of them is… One of the first things they do, is theres always… If youre in a band with someone else, theres always an inside joke, and its annoying to everyone else. But to us, we love it. Hey, Tré, the orange is over. The orange is over. No, stop, really. Dont– The other thing is, sometimes a guitar player will show a song to a drummer, and theres a clear one, the one count, but its clear only to this guitar player. And the drummers usually got it right, but it kind of– Its kind of like this, Hey, man, I got a new song. Let me show it to you first. No, no, no. Its one, two, three, four. One, two, three, four. One, two– No. No. One, two, three, four. One, two, three, four. Thats how practice goes. The other thing that bands do when they practice is, a lot of their time isnt spent songwriting. Its just really dissing another band. They saw their friends band. They just saw them play, and they just go on and on about how terrible they are, but theyre nice guys. Man, the Gym Socks, I– I dont get it. They just… Theyre not good. Did you see how high the drummer puts his cymbals? What is… -Why? -Gym Socks, dudes suck. They suck. Theyre nice guys, but– Also– -Super nice guys. -Super nice guys. But… This is not a song. Why? Why? Thats most of a band practice. The other– Thank you. The other thing– A lot of discussion if youre in a band is about what time you have to get there. So, if theyre there at four, dont we show up at five? Six? Im sure six is fine. -Can you fit my kick drum in your car? -Yeah. Thank you. Id like to bring up, from Warpaint, Stella Mozgawa. The other thing that drummers deal with is sound guys. Sound guys, if youre a drummer, they make the same joke every time. Its always- You load in… -Hi. -Wheres your gong? Good one. Next time. You should bring your gong. Okay. Yep. And then much of our time as drummers, it sounds– This is the sound of our life. Kick. [strikes kick pedal] Keep going. Snare. Rack. Do you want that ring in there? -I can change it. -No, its okay. -Okay. -Floor. Do you want that ring in there? Do– Yeah. -Whole kit. Whole kit. -Okay. Yeah. Great. We dont have any mikes yet, but… -Great. -The other thing… musicians deal with– Do you ever see, like, the guitar player who does not know how to play the drums? You could tell by the way they hold the stick. But they want to have drums on stage. So, just do a regular beat. So, if were in a band… Thank you. Theres– How many of you drummers– You guys must be in bands. Are you guys in bands? Have you seen the– When a songwriter shows you a song that has way too many parts. Okay, ready for the song? So, it starts off– Its just gonna go… And then– So, then it just goes to a quick– [guitar line speeds up] [guitar line speeds up more] This goes for a while. Stop. Rest. Rest, then… [guitar line slows down] Then itll go… [plays melodic guitar line] Yeah. This is just twice. And then… [guitar line speeds up] A little reggae part. [plays reggae guitar line] And then… [plays somber guitar line] -No drums in this part. -Okay. Yep. -Okay, ready? -Yeah. Its a seven count. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven. Thank you. Stella Mozgawa. How you guys doing? This is so much fun for me, I just want you to know. Theres another drummer Im gonna bring up, and hes originally from Austria. Hes, like, a brilliant drum technician, and a drum aficionado. Just a real hero of drumming. You will not believe how great he is. His name is Thomas Lang. Thomas Lang. Thomas, how are you? Thanks for doing this, buddy. So, Thomas is here, hes brilliant. A real– I mean, hes got so much material out. He tours– 78 countries, I think youve been to? Yeah. This year. So, I thought it would be cool to bring him out, and I wrote a little one-act play that we could read together. There you go. Okay. Here we go. Two brothers, Danny… Im Danny. …and Edward… Thats Thomas. …are at the airport, just inside the terminal. Edward has a suitcase… Your suitcase is there. …and Danny, me, is dropping him off. Okay… you all set? Do you have your passport? Of course I do. Well, Im just making sure. People can be forgetful. Not me. I cant be forgetful. I suppose that to be true. Can you imagine me stepping off the plane, saying, Hi. I dont have a passport, but Im going to be sightseeing here for ten years. Is that what youre doing in Monte Carlo, sightseeing? Yes, my brother. For ten years. I imagine you could do that in a few weeks, no? You can imagine all you want, but when I sight-see, I sight-see every building up close. The cement is like an inch from my face. I understand you wanting to travel, but the family needs you here. We have to tend to the mitten shop. Mittens, mittens, mittens. The worlds bigger than mittens, you know, Danny. It is? Yes. Danny, Im older than you. Who knows exactly how many years. Im guessing two. But our parents, they were too busy to tell us. I know. They were always deep in conversation with each other. I wish they had time to talk to us. Maybe were the same age. Whens your flight? I have to look it up. Im not going direct. I fly first to Toronto, then I go to Dublin, then I go back to Atlanta, and then right to Rome from there. And from there, Ill take a train. Isnt there anything faster? These pilots, theyre the fastest in the business. I know some of them personally, actually. Have you heard of José Medeiros? I havent. Hes from Toronto Airlines. Hes the best. Im gonna miss you, Edward. Look. Look. Theyre towing your car, man. You shouldve parked in the drop-off area. Thats okay. I dont mind. Ill deal with it next week. -Danny. -Yes. I just realized something. I forgot my passport. I left it in the garage. Edward! Thank you. Theres someone who lives part-time in this city, and its John Waters. You guys know John Waters, the director? When I was 15, he kind of saved my life. He gave me purpose. And it sounds like an exaggeration… but what happened was, I was 15, and I was in English class in 8th grade, and I had this assignment that was like, If you had one more day to live, what would you do? And everyone was like, Oh, Id visit my grandmother, and all this stuff, and I just wrote this paper, it was like, I would smash in all the store windows on the street, and I would set every place on fire. Right? And I think I was trying to be funny. I dont know what I was trying to do. I really felt like if it was my last day on Earth, I just wanted to sort of just destroy everything. So, my English teacher, she didnt give me a grade. She said, See me after class. And for the next day– The next day after, she sent me to the school psychologist. And he was like giving me– It was really scary as a kid, cause he was giving me this written test, it was like, Do you see animals that other people dont seem to see? Do you feel a tight band wrapped around your head? And I was like, No, no. This is– Youve misunderstood me. And, you know, when youre 15, you dont know what you– Who you are. So then I heard John Waters on the radio. He was doing, like, a promotional interview for his book called Shock Value. And in the book, hes like, If someone pukes at one of my movies, I consider it to be a standing ovation. And I was like, Yes, I want to be like that person. That kind of, like, weirdo. You know what I mean? I cant think of any other word. So, it was such a great book, so I wrote him this letter. Dear John, please do not regard this as just another fan letter. You and I have very much in common, except Im 15 years old. I also make films, and theyre not ordinary little movies. I did, with my friends, we used to make these little horror movies with a lot of blood and stuff. Just these little 8mm three-minute things. Every time you make a film, people praise you as a genius, including me… but my films only get me to a psychiatrist or kicked out of where Im showing it. Why? Thats not really true. It was more related to the paper I wrote, but that was too complicated. I dont know. I cant get into my own 15-year-old head. I want to go back and be like, Fred, write a factual letter, but… When I was younger, I, too, wrecked cars So, in his book, he said he used to light cars– Little toy cars on fire. I did the same thing. I burnt them. That was really great. I dont even want to get into how much we have in common. Lets just say its a lot. I read Shock Value three times over, and loved it more than anything. Thats true. I had it taken away from me in school about seven times. I decided Cookie Mueller was my favorite Dreamland girl, and since she, too, lived in New York, I decided to look her up. I found her address, wrote to her, and she wrote back with an autographed letter and your address. Dont get mad at her for giving it to me. Please write back, okay, John? I feel I have a lot to learn from you about my future. You are my idol, and one day, I will take over your puke-dom… He was the prince of puke. …(if you dont mind). You should see my movies. Okay. So, a heart– Thank you. Yes, a heartfelt… [audience claps] You know, no direction. You know that feeling, you dont know– Youre sort of scared of yourself? And… Well, I wrote him this letter. He wrote me back. Dear Freddy, thank you for your enjoyable and funny letter. I guess the difference is that they dont drag me to a psychiatrist because Ive been making the films for a long time, and you just started. Just dont let anyone tell you you cant do it, and just keep plugging away. Right away, he took me seriously. He really considered what I wrote to him. I do hope you can take over my puke-dom. Just remember to keep it funny, because its simple to just be disgusting, but not so original. The most important thing is humor and originality. Fantastic. I wish you lots of luck with your films. The only way to learn is by doing it. This last line is really cool. Read Variety, its the best textbook. Best, John Waters. This stays with me today. Its such a loving, peaceful, really artistic postcard. And so, John Waters saved my life. Thank you. Id like to bring up Stella Mozgawa. Youre right here. Tré Cool. Thanks, Tré. Thomas Lang, come on up. Thanks. The orange is over. Yeah. Yes. Hey, wheres your gong? One, two, three, four. Stella Mozgawa. Tré Cool. Thomas Lang. Fred Armisen. Everybody. One, two, three, four. -Those clubs, they get hot. -You got to put the tape on. -Thank you very much. -You know what you need? Splash cymbal. You can double it. An ashtray. You smoke? You got an ashtray, you got a cymbal. -Look at that. -Put these on the drums. Its gonna make it sound… Sound like a studio. Underrated. This goes right on top like this. And you have this like this. Look at this. You got everything in there. Bill Stewart, Todd Sucherman. You got Derek Roddy. Unbelievable. Really, everybody. You got to have that. Im telling you, you need all this. If you want to be a pro drummer, hey, you take– Look. Look who you got– -Is telling you about it. -We do it all the time. -Okay. -Its a must-have. [spooky organ music plays]

TODD GLASS@ACT HAPPY@2018@Youre… Youre… Youre… fun, youre talented, youre great. Look at this face. Look, right? All the positivity, you take it out there… By the way, this is a small room, 75 people, but play like its 80. And act happy, you hear me? We always have to look happy. Oh, cos thats how youre happy? -Fuck. Ladies and gentlemen, comedys national treasure, Todd Glass! What I… Shut up! Shut the fuck up! I did not expect this. Get a close up of this fucker right over here. You watch this… Thats right, everybody. I know what Im doing. Some guys wouldnt do this much, but I go for it. If it costs extra, I dont give a shit. Woah! How you enjoying my standup so far? Shut up! Sure I play it big. Sure I play it big. Enough already, right? What? Watch this. Wow, lets get started, right? I wanna let you know Im not going to do insult crowd work. As a matter of fact, I won an award for doing the most positive crowd work. -I won an award– -Oh, I won an award! Well, I dont know if its that big of a deal– Im so fancy. Im Todd Glass, I win awards! Well, I dont– I wonder if it was a trophy or a medal? It must be one of them, because its an award. -Im gonna put it in my fridge! -Wow! Was it voted on by his peers or by a board? I won an award as I do positive crowd work. A lot of comedians come out, Where… Leave people alone. People are insecure. They go out to feel better. I do positive crowd work, proving you can do it but still be nice. For instance, I really like your tattoos, theyre… See, thats funny. You people dont know it. Yeah. I love your bow tie… Because I dont want to be one of those comedians who makes fun of the wrong groups. You ever see comedy, see a comedian like, Oh… Im pretty sure hes throwing a verbal blow to a group of people that might need a hug. That looks shitty years later when you watch your comedy like, I shouldve been hugging those people, not taking comedic blows at them. Theyre already getting the shit beat out of them, I should defend them. That is why, may I get some reverb so people know Im really talking about something? That is why, ladies and gentlemen, that I had a joke… about above-the-ground pools. And I took it out of my act. Im not lying, folks. I had a joke, every night Id come out here, Oh, above the ground pools… What if theres somebody in this audience who has one? The odds are, if you had to bet, youd say, Theres one. Theyd have to watch my show like, Whats this joke about pools? Is our pool like a joke, or something? First of all, I wont do the joke as I said I didnt do it. I think youre like, Can you tell us what it was? Sure. But I wont sell it, Hey, these pools… I used to really sell it. Hey… But all Im saying is if you have an above-the-ground pool, at least dig a hole and hide it, thats all. That would be great music to have in real life. Like if your credit card got declined. Sorry its been declined. Youre like, Oh, thats not… Is K What dont they get? Im being serious. I hope its funny, but you go, Yeah… Everyone mocks it for being a shithole, nobody goes, Whats the problem? You know, dont they see that Target… Heres the business plan for Target… Well sell what K-Mart sells, but wipe shit off. Oh, yeah! I think there might be something there. Ever noticed inside Target theres Starbucks? Its a pretty good idea, two companies that believe in customer satisfaction can share a building, most people dont think of it. But I did one day… Theyre two different companies sharing a building. You have to agree on cleanliness, on customer satisfaction. I had a good idea. Why dont they take… K-Marts, right, its a good idea, seriously, get past the laughter of it and go… Oh, yeah, this is actually a good idea! Take K-Marts and put 7-Elevens inside. What do you think? They can have a big who gives a shit? festival. Two companies that could give a fuck about the consumer. God bless em, you know? They go, Were not like other companies, ‘wipe things, customers are coming. 7-Eleven, this could be their motto: 7-Eleven… Were open! Maybe? I dont know. Put a button on that. Now I want to talk about Subway. Sure, I go big. Subway, its not their food I have a problem with, its their… look, its too bright. Its too bright. Its so bright. Put a lower bulb in there. Whenever I say this, people go, All right, Todd, I agree with your atmosphere shit but… I go, Ha ha ha! Thats funny, cos you know, if ten years ago Id said, Airlines should lower their lights, use blue lights. People would go, OK, Todd… But Virgin America did it. They fucking got it! Oh! How much more money is it to have people get on a plane thats not too fucking bright? Oh, its free? Everyone else is just a dumb fuck? Fly Virgin American just cos someone said, We dont have to look ugly we fly! I dont want to make anyone feel bad. My goal is to make people change. Even… Is everything a joke to you, lady? It probably is, you come out, Ha ha ha. But I really do want people to realize… Ill give you an example, Im being serious. Most of your lights at home are too bright, OK? I know youre like, Shu… Huh? When you have people over your house, its too bright. I imagine everyones thinking about when they have people over, going, I dont think mine are. No one goes, Mine are too bright, I dont give a fuck. No, no. People think lights go way up, so they turn them up. Thats where the mistake starts, because the light goes up to there. Do you turn everything way up? How about the volume on your stereo? I turn everything all the way up. The oven if cooking. Its up, it goes all the way up. If youre sitting there now… some people may think Im right, others may say they know how to set their houses up, Im not perfect but not the worst. You might be. Go home and look at your hallway, bathroom lighting. When people come over, the bathroom you provide for them. If you go look at it without boxing gloves on, if you look at it and go, Fuck. Hes right! Im not in the gray area. Let yourself off the hook. But if you dont go, What the fuck? Thats the room you provide people. Even if youre not purposefully doing it, youre going, When people come over, I have a room that leaves them feeling shitty. Theyll look fat, look sweaty, theyll look bloated. I give them that. Restaurant are the same, their bathrooms are too bright. I go, I hope you dont sell desserts and go out of business. You know what else? Can Whole Foods help me out with the bins of candy everywhere? Its seriously hard not to eat it. I smoke pot, thats not an excuse, cos whats not yours is not yours, but you go in, there are bins of candy just there. Cant they put Velcro for some resistance? You know, I have a good idea. Cant they weigh you when you come in and when you leave? Id be OK with that,  so I could graze. Lighten the ropes. Sometimes when I have visitors, I stage my refrigerator. I head to Whole Foods to do it. Like that wink? Dont put it in. It was cheesy. Who am I? Next Ill be kissing people and doing this… Waving at fake people in the audience – an old trick. People at home, I guess he knows a lot of people. What am I, Wayne Newton? So I stage my refrigerator, a lot of you may do it and not know what it means. It means you have company coming, you put better items in. You always act like, What? Put like six glass waters. Thats just how I live. Is it different than most people? I thought everyone had six glasses of water lined up to the right. They dont do that? Shut up! No… The lemonade with the corkscrew, is that different? Are there other types or something? I didnt contemplate that at Whole Foods for three hours cos it was 40 cents more. I go so far out of my way to stage my refrigerator. People come, mention it, I act… Its embarrassing to talk about. I really do it. Im not stopping. People go, Oh, milk in a glass container! I go, I was in a hurry, grabbing stuff, putting it in. I didnt notice. Meanwhile, Ive been refilling it with cheaper milk for years. I just ad lib this stuff, Im not worried about it. No, that has nothing to do with that. Thats band cues. I dont give a shit. Are you mad I dont give a shit? Can you tell? Seriously. If I gave a shit, would I sit… Would I be here like this? If you were walking down the street and saw a guy leaning against the wall, be honest, if he was like this… Youd think he didnt give a shit. I wanna be like them, not give a shit. Ill sniff. Catch shit. Throw me stuff. Ill catch it and talk about other stuff. Throw me those keys. We going to the mall? Oh my God! He caught that, hes already talking here. Itd be about catching it, you know? How about guys who get into a take it easy fight? Thats sad. Ever see two guys get in one? Take it easy. I am. You take it easy! You know what this is, dont you? They arent in touch with their emotions. Neither wants the other to know hes got the best of him. They act like theyre taking it easy, anyone watching from two feet away, I dont think either ones taking it easy! Take it easy. Im taking it easy! You fucking take it easy! You take it easy! One guy probably gets his wife. Tell him Im taking it easy. He is. He doesnt want to argue. You should see him upset. Why would I lie? People say that too. Why would I lie? To get out of something! What, did you hope I was an idiot? Thats like when a detective, you see real interrogation footage, they go, Why would I murder my family? Its my family! Are they hoping to get the worlds dumbest detective? Yeah, why would you? Get out of here! I didnt think of that. Later, hes talking to the other detectives. Theyre like, What happened to that guy? He made a good point. Why would you murder your family? People do! Shit, I didnt think of that. Get him. Hes probably by the kerb area. Do something. Nah, its too late. I hit a food truck recently. True story. I hit a food truck and uh… I dont think there should be food trucks. I hit the food truck and broke the guys bumper. I understand having to pay for it, my insurance company says… I gotta get him a deep fryer, too? That doesnt make sense! What are you gonna do? Sure, I understand its my fault I hit the truck. If I gotta get him a tail light, I will. But a pizza oven? Sure, I understand its my fault if I hit him. But I gotta get him tacos? That doesnt make sense! Sure, I hit the guys car, I want to take responsibility for it, but I gotta get a five speed blender? Yes, its my fault, but I gotta get him a pasta maker… Put a button on it, goddammit! Is that public domain? Thank you. You never know with these guys. They think Im rich. Talking to me before the show… Make sure your songs are public domain! Great. Ill sing, This old man had a boat, whatever that song…. ? This old man, he played da He played knick knack on his van ? ? With a knick knack paddy whack Give a dog a bone ? ? This old man came rolling home! ? Know what? Ladies and Gentlemen, bring it down a bit… Many dont know Im famous for improv, I might poke fun at it I can improv songs about people in the first row. Im pretty good. ? Look at this guy wearing a suit Hes got a red tie, he a black suit ? ? Youve a bow tie, you have brown You have a red dress ? ? You have glasses, you red hair You a tattoo, youre brunette ? ? Youve got that and youre doing that Everybodys wearing this ? ? You wear that, you that, You have that and you do this ? ? You do that and you do this, Everybody does this, you do that ? ? This is public domain ? ? I sing public domain songs cos theyre free ? ? Dont give a shit Dont wanna spend a lot ? ? Da da dada da da da ? Hello, everybody. Im Johnny Cash. QVC, its better than you think! You have to genuinely start watching QVC. Not just passing it by, saying, I get it. They make… Its sad! It is truly sad. Theres no way the people who call in are real. Theyre like, I love your show. What show Why am I mad they think its a show? Cos I dont think theyre real. I think theyre producers. Nobody is calling in, I love your show. Id like to meet one of those people. Whats your favorite episode? I love the one where they talk about the vacuum for an hour. Oh… Oh, you have problems. Whats your other favorite shows? I like the mall. Oh, you think stores are shows? OK! I understand. Its more sad than anything. They go, Oh, you can get these pants on FlexPay. I promise you this is true. It sounds too sad, pants on FlexPay. I understand a vacuum. But sweatpants? They go, 8.88 a month. They act like its you only have to pay that one bill. Cos you got your pants on FlexPay, every month you get your bill, OK… Got my 8.88! The rest of my paycheck Ill go have fun with. If youre putting pants on FlexPay, youve already been at the end of your financial rope. Youve already put shit on a credit card. No one starts with pants and works up to a house and boats. House Hunters is hard for me to complain about, but let me explain something. House Hunters… Technically… Its hard to complain about something you dont have to do. So why dont you just not watch it and not do this bit? All right. I think I have a loophole. I think they suck you in at the 27-minute mark where they show you the house. They go in, then go: Weve been here two weeks, or a month, then show what they did. Im already looking around them when theyre talking Im like, Oh, what did they fuck up? Trying to see if they fucked the kitchen. You know. They got cheap appliances, great. Thats all I waited for. Then once in a while, they go, You did a good job, what I would do. Mostly, they mess it up. Oh, weve been here a month. We added popcorn ceilings. Im like, Oh… I thought you wanted to get rid of that. Theres always a guy walking around looking where to put his TV. I dont know why it bothers me. Im gonna guess, and I have, its like, Can I put my TV there, or should I put it there? The guys a fucking idiot. Then I thought, You shouldnt call people idiots. What do you call a guy buying the biggest purchase based on where to put his TV? Idiot, right? Its more about this relationship, hes worried where hes going to put his TV, and then.. he wants to know where he can have his man cave. Why does man cave rub me the wrong way? I have friends that are happily married. Some of them need to get away from their wives, or vice-versa. Significant others getting away from significant others. Im not talking about that… But none of my friends are happily married. None will go, If only I had a room she couldnt come in! Hehehehe! Are you sure youre OK I need a man cave! To get away from that! To get away from that Youre married! I need a man cave! Im thinking of giving this bit to Brian Regan. I need a man cave! Need to get away from the thing I married! I wanna get a man cave to cave sit in the woods. I need to get away, I need a cave and a room to hide in from my significant other that I chose to be with! Build me a room, Ill never let her in, ever! Wow! Thats fun to do. Um… The other person, theyre sexist on the show, they show the guy with the man cave, the woman wants a walk-in closet. On that show, its always, Does it have a walk Im not exaggerating. Its sad, sometimes. Its like, I have… I have so many things! Theyll show them a house with a small walk-in, they feel its necessary, knowing theres a camera crew, to go, Thats not even enough for my things! I got a lot of things, I dont think you understand! All I need is a walk-in closet. I could put my favorite chair in it. You need a walk-in closet, you need a man cave, why not get couples counseling and enjoy your living room? But thats more of a TED Talk… They want their granite countertops so bad! Oh, do they. Does it have granite countertops? Our friends from Irvine have them, we need them! I… Just relax, its not that important. Does it have stainless steel? You know? Stop it, already. You know, Timothy… I have an idea… Hopefully, you can do something illegal and get put in prison, have all the stainless steel you want. These are just ideas. Then, when youre in prison, maybe youll get killed, then youll get granite countertops with your name on! No. Lets not… There are certain things, nah, thats OK… Didnt I tell ya? A dear friend, Rory Scovel… Fuck Rory Scovel! Fuck Rory Scovel! Fuck Rory Scovel! Fuck Rory Scovel! Fuck Rory Scovel! -Fuck… -Rory Scovel is my friend! Fuck Rory Scovel! -Fuck Rory Scovel! Fuck Rory Scovel! -Rory Scovel is my friend! -Fuck Rory Scovel! -Fuck Rory Scovel! -All right. Fuck Rory Scovel! -Fuck Rory Scovel! -Yeah. Fuck Rory Scovel… Does it work on you guys, too? Ever have something bother you and you dont know why? Sometimes things bother you and you know why. Sometimes you wonder. It doesnt bother anyone else, but Ill say it. If theres one person here, I can tell, who it bothers, Ill be happy. I dont like when people walk backwards on the treadmill. I just… All right, youre great. Oh, what muscle are you working? Please. Its like when people overstretch. Not all people overstretch. Sometimes at the gym I see somebody stretching. Its healthy to stretch, that person gets it. Other times, I go, Shut the fuck up with your stretching! Shut the fuck up with what youre doing, thats all. Other than that, who cares? This bothers me, if it doesnt bother you, I understand, if your partner comes out of the bathroom flossing, walking around the bedroom and neither of you mind, thats OK, but if someone corrects you, asks you not to, dont make them the crazy person. Youre walking out… I had my sister-in-law and my brother staying in my guest room… -Oh! I have a guest room! Wow! -Thats not even a brag. Im so wealthy! -Im not saying Im wealthy. -I have a room I dont even use, I just have guests, wow! Oh, I already have enough rooms, but I guess I could use a couple more. I am so Todd Glass! This is my… She comes out of the bedroom flossing, shes like, How are you? Food particles are flying all over, I said, Please, dont do that. She goes,  Theyre just teeny pieces. Most expect me to say, No, theyre gigantic. No, theyre smaller than teeny, probably closer to microscopic, but if someone came over your house, this is to everyone flossing, you can floss all you want, but you cant wiggle out of what I say. You have to go, Fuck, thats true, and just soak it in. Heres the deal, if you floss walking around your house and this happened, youd have no defense. Say someone came with a bucket of the things theyd saved for ten years, every time they floss they put it in a bucket, they come to your house, take a handful with a plastic glove, youre ewwing at the thought, I wanted to wear a glove to calm you, and they take that plastic glove and start throwing stuff all over your bedroom. Your only defence is, if you floss, going, No, we do that slowly. Thats all you got. I hope youre happy. Thank you. I swear to God, to the truth, I told her, If ever a joke doesnt hit give me a triangle. I thought that did all right! Apparently she goes, I think this is a time he needs my help. Pigeons can get on my nerves. I like to get mad about pigeons. Heres the deal with pigeons. Sometimes I think theyre passive aggressive. I think they could be a bit. You ever… OK. You know when the light turns green, theres pigeons, I see it in the city, and the pigeons run out of the way at the last second, theyre like this then they literally start hustling. And theyre eating stuff out of the road, Im not making fun of pigeons. Last night, this is true, why would I make it up? Right where youre sitting, were two pigeons. Two pigeons sitting right there, I started my pigeon material and go, I dont care about making fun of pigeons, but are they pigeon jokes pigeons could laugh at? Thats OK. You can make fun of people, but not group make fun. If you leave this room tonight and tell your friends, He said he had pigeons in the first row, there werent pigeons. Theyll go, How does that benefit him? Youre gonna look stupid. Youll go, I guess he could benefit. Why would he make it up? I started my pigeon jokes, I looked down, they were like, Its so true! Nothing makes me happier than that. But sometimes… they eat stuff on the road, why do they have to wait til the last minute? Theres not London broil in there, theyre eating sand! You know? They run out of the way, I think theyre passive aggressive, acting like theyre trying their hardest, If only I could fly… Wait, you can fly! Jump and stay jumped, all right? Theyre like, Haha, suck my pigeon dick! Whoa! Suck my pigeon dick, a good name for my special. There are things that literally Ive thought about for… Im likely sanding years off, ten years ago I saw a woman eat a KitKat so slow I havent stopped talking about it. I wanna figure it out, I wanna go, Was I getting upset with nothing or was she doing something? Cos Im very open to go, That has nothing to do with her and everything to do with you. She was eating it like,  Oh, Im so… just eating… No. What? You know! You eat it  like that when nobodys around Its eleven oclock at night, you crave a KitKat, nobodys looking, you eat it and put it down? Then she was reading her book going back and forth, Im like, Youre full of shit! Is that book as good as a KitKat? No, Im not aggressive. I just want to know if that book is as good as that KitKat. Is it chocolaty and crunchy?  Im not trying to be rude. Thats all Im asking. Then she puts her KitKat on the tray table, honestly, reads the book for six minutes, Im like, No! You dont stop fucking to have soup. Thats a good analogy. It is, cos it makes you get past it. Oh, no, you havent had my soup. Lets fuck, have some soup. Im sure the fuckings better! I have a confession to make. Sometimes when Im on stage, Ill talk about how cute dogs are. When I see the audience doesnt match my intensity, I started pulling back. Im like, Theyre so cute. You want to mush their little faces. People are with me. I wanna bite them. I wanna bite them. Like not to, you know, but you get a little, right? I mean bite. Like, Ill turn their little lip up and suck it. Theyre so good, and once theyre next to you like… Youre like, Oh, youre letting me do this. Let me really get this. Whats under your lips? Its all goodness. Let me see your ear, let me suck on that ear. Everything about yous fucking… Youre non-judgemental, kind, decent, I wanna suck it out of you. I want some of that in me. You know? Everyone has a voice for their dog. You just do it naturally. I watched a dog named Ursula, she was a bulldog. When I was eating, she had a voice, shed casually do it, shed go, Oh, my God, if she could talk, dont think Im losing my mind, Oh, my God, I love chicken! Im not even just saying it. You know, like, other dogs are like, Whatever you have, I really like it. Id go, Ursula, its pizza. I love pizza. Is it from that place? So cute. I used to come home when I first watched her, I did it for seven months, my friends were out of town. At first, when I came home, she didnt look like she cared about me. Shed be… Id walk by, Id be like, Hey, Ursula. My mom told me, Treat her like a Golden Retriever. Her grumpy face doesnt match her heart. I thought about that. I walk in one day, I swear this is true, I go, Ursula! Shes like, Oh, my God! She started flipping out. I said, I love you. She started running around like crazy. Im like, She thought I didnt like her. I thought she didnt like me. Then I figured out she laughs at aggression. I can yell at her and she loves it. But I yell at her nice things. Ill be like, No, Urusla… Ill do this with nobody around. No, its not my fault youre so cute. I have to bite you! Shes like… Are you wearing new perfume? Its driving me fucking nuts! That doesnt scare her. When people say, Dogs dont understand verbiage, only tone. Tell them to get the fuck away. You know those people, they dont think we understand that there are boundaries in human and dog relationships. Theyre so worried about it that they think, they think… They have to go, The only reason your dog licks you is for the salt. I have to do their voice like that, I dont know how else someone would come to that conclusion. It seems like youre nervous for shit to talk about. Youve told a lot of people, not just me. I wanna know why youre telling everyone that. The only reason your dog licks you is the salt. Great. Ill go home and hit my dog, What am I, a salt lick? You fuck! I thought you wanted to fuck me! Everyone has a voice for their dog, I take her to the park, a guy comes over, being nice, I know what youre thinking, ‘Whats everybody patting me for? I go, Sir, thats not my dogs voice. I have one, its not… Hes here tonight. Some people say I hate cats. First of all relax. I hate cats. Really? Really Isnt the truth you saw a cat you loved, a big fat tabby cat come out of someones bedroom you went, Pst, it walked away, Fuck I hate cats. No, cats hate you. Come on! No, come on. I got you good. Well… ? This is a song ? ? I wrote ? ? In case ? ? I ? ? Didnt ? ? Think ? ? I ? ? Had an hour of material! ? ? I was worried That I didnt have enough material! ? ? When you do a special They think you have an hour ? ? I ran it up in San Francisco ? ? And I wasnt sure ? ? So I wrote this song ? ? In case I didnt have enough material ? ? Now, I would think That I have enough now ? ? But Im never sure So I wrote this song ? ? Ha ha ha ha-ha-ha ha ? ? Ha ha ha ha-ha-ha ha ? ? Ha ha ha ha-ha-ha ha ? ? Ha ha ha ha-ha-ha ha ? ? This is a song I wrote ? ? In case I didnt think ? ? Id have enough material ? ? Blah blah blah-blah Blah blah blah blah blah ? ? Blah blah blah-blah Blah blah blah blah blah ? ? Blah blah blah-blah, blah-blah ? ? Blah blah blah-blah blah blah ? OK, I think Im good. You gotta chug it out. Lets talk about Sea World… Theyre deciding to do away with torturing animals. I cant believe they got away with it this long. They always interrupt the news, A killer whale has killed a trainer. Its sad when a human loses their life, but unpredictable? They interrupt the news like this is unpredictable. We tend to give unpredictable events the most empathy. They couldnt have prevented it. Ever had a friend who complains and you think, He brings it on himself. Imagine that friend doing this in your house, picture it! Your friend goes, Youll never believe what happened, and its not like when I did drugs. Something happened. Nobody couldve seen this coming. Just listen, OK? I… This is gonna take a turn, its gonna freak you out. I got a killer whale out of the ocean with a crane. Just listen… It takes a freaky turn. Whatever youre guessing, get it out of your head. So we put it in a baby pool in my backyard. Its scared shitless cos it doesnt have its sonar. A friend of mine sits on it and tries to teach it tricks. You wont believe what happened. Did it kill him out of fear? Shut up! How did you guess? The guys that stupid, he cant believe. Theres no way I couldve predicted that! Thats crazy! Can I tell you something else? I want you to go home, take your fish tanks and empty them into the street! Thats right, ladies and gentlemen, when I came to LA in the early 90s, there were fish running all over the place! Come on, its not a joke. And another thing… the big fanfare gets a bit much, people criticize. But I will tell you, give me a little more, lets talk about declawing cats… People in the audience have cats, Im gonna talk about declawing cats. There might be people who have declawed cats like, Will I enjoy this bit? If you have a declawed cat, its OK, you already declawed it, how can you realize I made a point if I dont let you out of the guilt of having done it. People are, Its me. If your cats declawed, your pool above ground, I doubt you like my show.. If your cat is, go home if you want to relieve yourself, but go home and tape knives to its feet, let it scrape up some of the furniture. But if declawing your cats makes sense, the role play coming up shouldnt seem silly. Imagine someone, You talk about loving cats but dont have one. They scrape up furniture, I couldnt get one. They go, No… You dont just not get it, you adapt it to you. Bring it to the vet, they pull it out with pliers. A well thought-out person doesnt think ‘I wont get one. My daughter wanted a giraffe, I had to have its feet cut off! My son wanted a lion, I had its teeth sanded down. Bring it home, guys! Now, lets talk organized religion. There is no Better Business Bureau, can we agree? If there was, wouldnt they have stopped that? Even if they did almost nothing. Theyd stop organized religion, its an atrocity. No, seriously, Im not talking about your belief in God, relax. So many are going, Whoa. If you believe in God, you go directly to God, Organized religions done a lot of damage, I do. Im talking about organized religion, if… If Nike said, If you dont buy our product, youll rot in Hell, the Better Business Bureau would say You cant say that. But we believe it. You cant say it. Some people worry about their eternal life. I think it might be how kind you are while here. That might be it. Thats why you wanna make sure you arent giving a group of people a hard time you should be making breathe easier. Theres natural disasters, we all know that, theres earthquakes, theres floods, thats whats supposed to destruct against our will, people are only here to be nice. If you use your energy to make a group feel less, youre another natural disaster. Who cares? I dont want to be preachy. Lets have fun. Are you having a good time, everybody? I dont wanna… Thats not what Im here to talk about! I enjoy smoking, it works for me. I dont smoke during the day, Im not a daytime pot smoker, cos Im not productive. Once I did, or twice in my whole life, I smoked during the day. All I did was call all my friends and go, Oh, my God, Im so high! I wanted them to say how high they were. I dont want to hang with people like, I drive good high, you dont get high good! It makes no sense. I get high, follow the rules of the road. Its fun. Theres nothing like getting high and merging. Sure, maybe Ill do some heroin and do my taxes! I know how to enjoy life, I really do! But, uh, you know, I was on a plane, a woman offered me a Reeses cup. I said, Id smoked pot a few times on a plane, wont again. It wasnt the worst thing ever, but I just said stuff. She goes, Want a Reeses cup? I said, Id like both. Then I go, because… And I understand what I meant, I dont enjoy one Reeses cup, just one and nothing. If I have a bowl of them, I enjoy every one, cos theres seven more, ten more, preferably more. When I get to the last one, Im like, May as well throw it out, I wont enjoy it. So, thats all I wanted. Ill say things my friends will figure out right away. Ill say one thing, all heads will turn in the car. Once I was driving through a shitty neighborhood, I saw a bird and said, Why would a bird live in a shitty neighborhood? Hes like, Are you high? Im like, How did you know? I thought it was so perceptive that a good friend was able to… I go, Seriously, how did you know? You asked why a bird would live in a shitty neighborhood… Oh, yeah! How come theres extra large and extra small, but no extra medium? Thats a good thought! Hey, ladies and gentlemen, is there any bit I havent done and nows a good time? Yell it out. Do the bit about when you were little. All right, there we go. Um… -Richard. OK, cool. There you go. When I was little, my head was the same size and every picture of me, my parents are making an album, they send me pictures, every one is me like this… Now, Im 11 or 12, even eight, every pictures like this. Because I was always asking questions, like, Why dont we have a circle driveway? No kid should want a circle driveway, well talk about that, I did want one. I asked my parents, Mom, why dont we have a circle driveway? I was in Fifth Grade! The Nalibotskis had a nice circle drive, Id stare at it like this. I wanted it so bad. Those people years later, this is true, I promise, came to my show, they came over, You probably dont remember, Which I didnt,  when they said I remembered I loved circle driveways. They go, We had a circle driveway, an important part of the story. I go, I dont know what I did, but I badly wanted one. We dont know how old you were, you walked to school staring at it. I was! They tell me I was staring at their drive like this. They came out and said something like Can we help you I go, How much is that? I wanted to go home and tell my parents. Look, this is like 100 bucks. I swear I remember asking my parents why we didnt have one, she goes,  We didnt want one. Shut up! The builder asks if you want a free one, Nah, we dont like it. We like a regular driveway, what do we give a shit When I was little, Id look at adults and go, I want to be them. I could do that. I had no idea what Id do for a living. My parents were so worried I wouldnt find anything to do, I wasnt retaining anything in school. Because of that, whatever I did theyd go, You could be a dog walker. Im like, Im gonna be all right Um… Id go to the car wash, I saw the owner walking around and go, I could do that, look at him. Walking around telling people what to do. Looks fun! ‘Customers waiting! I think Id really get into that. Once, my dads car came through, and he goes, Kevin, run that guys car through again, its filthy. My dad goes, Thats OK. He goes, No, no, no. Then me and my brothers did a bit all day as the guy not taking no for an answer. Even at that age we did bits. The bit was, No, its OK. Hed go, No! You got a shitty Impala, this is probably your only good day. Let me fucking wash it. My names out there! Sure you dont care, look at you! Your wifes probably not attractive. Let me run it through again. My dad would be, OK, whatever. There was a restaurant owner, I thought for sure I could be him. Hed walk around, he knew everybody. I was impressed with that. Ever been to a place where they do that? How you doing? Good to see you. I could do that. Hey, you good? He didnt know much about everybody, hed walk fast. Good to see you. Moms OK Haha! Theyre like, I dont know. He goes, Gotta run! I dont… Maybe I mentioned a car to this guy… Maybe he has a better memory than me. Hed always say hello to people. One time, I was maybe 13, but I remember this, so does my brother, the owner of the restaurant got the guys name completely wrong. Hes like, Hey, Bill. The guy goes, Actually, my name is… And he got out of it. Watch. This guy did it. This is real, he did it. When I do it, youll be like, That works. Whats your name, sir? Kale, thats a great name. You should change yours to Kale. Ill say, How you doing, Bob? Youll say, Actually, its Kale. OK? Ill walk through, How ya doing, Bobby? Its Kale. Give me chance to say my line first, then Its Kale. People fuck it up a lot. -My names Kale. Thats all right. Have fun. Good to see ya. You good? You good? The guy was like, Aw, I will have fun! How the hell did he just do that? Have fun. Put it on him. Dont worry about it. Sometimes when you do stand up you exaggerate the truth, but Im being genuine with you. About five years ago, I had a heart attack. -Oh, I had a heart attack! -Thats not even bragging. -Wow! Look at me. -Thats not bragging. -My arteries got clogged. I got thrown in an ambulance! I honestly had a heart attack about five years ago. Im fine now, dont be upset. It was after a show, Sarah Silverman & Friends had a show, After… Youd do the show, Sarahd like to smoke pot. Shed put a friend on as a headliner, me, of course… After the show, I didnt feel well, I didnt know what it was. I thought Id run around the audience too much doing bits. I got off stage feeling ill, thought it would pass. I thought Id smoked too much. Im a one-pot hit. Doug Benson was there, lot of other comedians. They had three joints going, it hit me five times, I was like, Eh. Finally, I said, I think Im too high to go on. Doug goes, What was that like? Youre like it all the time. Its too high for me, not you. He didnt understand, he thought hed never been too high. I cant handle it. I need to pace myself. I cant be high where I float in the air. I wish I could let myself go. No matter how much pot Ive ever smoked, how much mushrooms Ive done, Ive only tried those drugs, I still cant stop cleaning. I dont know what it would take. Im gonna try heroin. No, if I did heroin, Id still dry the sink out. Id be, you know… Have a… Id be fainting on the floor like Must dry sink on heroin. Finally, an ambulance comes, and I dont want to get in the ambulance. The paramedics pretty smart, he goes, Why dont we just put you in and save you a trip to the ER. It worked. Got in. Two minutes later, he goes, I dont want to alarm you, but youre having a heart attack. Firstly, thats alarming, what else will they say or do? No, thats cool. Id blow a bubble or something, Um… As they go to shut the doors, I have one of those moments, I dont have them often, but you get a moment where you look at yourself like, Really, is this how I want to continue this lie? Cos as theyre shutting the doors, I yell to Sarah, Call my girlfriend! Uh-eh… Uh-eh… Very, you know… Uh-eh… Call my girlfriend. Like… Later I asked if she knew what I meant she said yeah. I think from how you said it, Girlfriend, everyone knew. You were like, Girlfriend, right, Sarah? My girlfriend! What was I afraid of? People going, Hes having a heart attack. I think he like dudes. So, I will tell you this, I dont talk about it that much cos some of the verbiage is hard for me to maneuver, Im not crazy about the phrase, Coming out of the closet, it seems a bit flamboyant for me. Maybe,Busting out of the shed would work a little better. Id feel cooler. Like… But the um… uh… thing where my friends figured it out was, first of all, I talked about a guy I was with, Id always said girl, never messed up on stage. Nobody thought it was weird, it shows relationships are relationships. Its not up for debate. That seems cocky. Its all the same. Proof of it. I did a 15-year experiment talking out a guy on stage saying it was a girl. Nobody went, It doesnt sound like… All the couples, all sexes, were like, Its just like us! Haha! Well, I got news, fuckface! For 15 years, seriously, Thats like us! That is just like us! And thats my point. Its the same, right? Sorry, I didnt meant to yell. Anyway… Granted, I wouldve got caught out if I told some stories, but I never did. If I was like, So, I was talking to my girlfriend, she was peeing next to me in the bathroom… She wanted to go eat… People are like, How does she pee… And I think that, um… Most friends said they figured out later, some knew, some didnt care, some said it was by my relationship because you could tell… I always hid behind… Guys that are buddies with their friends argue, sometimes its a joke, You seem like youre dating, and theyre just friends, so I hid behind that. But people could tell. Id go, No, you said if we did something you wanted to do last week, we could do something I wanted this week, you promised! People are like, I think theyre more than friends. I have a friend, but we dont care that much. Well, that, I think, cheapens it, but… So.. Anyway… They put me in the ambulance, bring me to hospital. were in the E.R., a nurse comes, We have really good news, one of our best surgeons just pulled in. Thats not good news. And first of all… Secondly, sorry. Can you have two first of alls? What are they gonna do? Go. A guy just pulled in, bit of a drinker, hes coming, hes fun, keeps it light, said he operates blacked out. They bring me up to the emergency ward and out of nowhere pull my pants off. Im like, What? I know, youre on so much medicine, youd think Id go, You dont even realize. Youre out of it, you lay naked. No. I remember going, Oh, my God, Im having a heart attack, theyre looking at my dick. Its there. Its laying there. I cant go like this. OK, theres my dick. Theres my dick. Theres my dick! I thought to myself, These are professional nurses, theyre desensitized to this. You know what? My paranoia, it could be a first day nurse, like, Wow, dont look, I know it seems like they know. Or guys can look at peoples penises, Im very open-minded. I shouldnt make the nurse the woman. It was a guy and a girl. Both staring at my cock. My material is politically correct. Can I say one thing about PC? Ill be quick. Get ready to stop me. Stop with everyone so PC. Its just called kind, thats what it is. Just get over it. Seriously. Just think if you walk around like, Everyones PC, Its not PC! Its just fucking kind. Put a button on it. So I want to talk about my heart attack a bit more. All I want to do is start hitting my penis just to make it… I dont know if the doctors unprofessional. Maybe hes, He has a small penis. This guy may have a better life. Not consciously, maybe unconsciously, This guy has a bigger dick, well operate on him, then… So I hit it a little bit. Let me tell you, swimmer shrinkage is one thing, heart attack dick is way worse. Heart attack dicks like, Whos the nice young lady were operating on? These are some jokes I didnt get to, I think we wrote something for it. Here we go, guys. ? These are the jokes he didnt get to ? ? These are the jokes he didnt do ? ? These are the jokes he didnt get to ? ? These are the jokes he didnt do ? Now, I really wish I had time to get to these jokes, but I dont, Im on a time restraint. This is funny, Im going to jot it down and work it into a bit, dont think your laughter means nothing. Ill do it, just not in this special. I was on a bus, and the driver goes, Any doctors on board? A ladys ill. I said to my friend, If youre a doctor on a bus, is that the doctor you want? More of a… Know what I mean? Is there a financial planner in the Super Show? My wife has a few questions. This is an idea, what I thought, so you know, theres something there, I gotta do something with it, anybody could do something like this. You know when the TSA pat you down? Just go, Oh, I came. I dont know… I was thinking about opening up a massage parlor. This is definitely something Ill work on. I was gonna open a massage parlor with happy beginnings. Maybe theres something. If Cookie Monster loves cookies, why do the cookies fall out? The person eating the cookies should be the Cookie Monster. Maybe hes a cookie liker. Anyway… Thats probably dated. And then, uh… This is something I wish Id talked to, I like doing this bit, what if Rodney Dangerfield did Mitch Hedberg jokes? A guy asked me if I wanted a frozen banana, I said ‘No, I want a regular one later! I used to do drugs, I still do, but I used to, too. You know? I saw a sign, it said, ‘Escalator broke. Shouldnt it say, ‘Escalator temporarily stairs? Anyway, I wish I had time for that bit, but I dont, so… Todd, we love that bit! -Well, I dont have time for it. -Its our favorite bit! -Its our favorite bit, Todd! -Come on! Its the only reason we showed up. I got one thing to say. the acting isnt so great. Anyway… I do want to know if there is a bit I didnt do, yell it out, Ill do it. OK, mumbling Rodney. Now, mumbling Rodney is just… Do you know Roger Dangerfield was the first… Roger Dangerfield was a comedian, many dont know, because Roger complained, but didnt make it funny, hed go, My sons not too smart, hes doing bad in school. OK. but… My wife, Im in a horrible relationship, its hard. The audience was like, We feel bad for you. My wifes not a good cook, we dont enjoy it. He gets it, theres something there. My daughters not too bright, it shows when she talks with bad verbiage. Peopled be like, Theres something there. But Rodney figured how to make it funny, The other day there was this thing with a penguin… The other day I was walking around… I tell you my daughter did this thing with a muffler. You know? Ill tell ya, my son sits around the house with a shed… My wifes not too great either with a… Bada ho… Huda ha! Whoa. Hey! Ha! Ho, hey, ho. ha! This is a professional show. Well… Wow, you people are nice! Seriously nice, not just me saying. What was that Who was that? Thats not cos your phone went off. No, no, no. Dont make me a bad guy. Please dont make me a bad guy. I know it hurts, next time youll remember to order prop bottles. You gotta teach em. I saw Whiplash, hit them on the head with a bottle or they dont learn. Heres the thing, ever have something where you think… Youve figured out the worlds problems? Thats what it all leads back to. Its all about empathy. Ive figured it out. We could move faster… Im being very serious, Im passionate about this, talk about it 24/7. People come to my house, I talk about it. I go, Why talk about it? They go, No matter what we talk about, you start talking about it. Thats like people saying we should go back to how we were. People go, It isnt. I guess hes segueing into his thought. Um… Its always kids today. I know there are people that if I dont be specific with might go, I dont do that. A 25-year old here going, No. It starts stopping at 25. Let me take the tone out of my, really try to stop it. Many say, Kids today… I know everyone wants to go… Theyre brilliant, Im not talking about every kid. The masses, you gotta admit, arent… Its not how it works. Its not up for debate. Blenders get better, kids get smarter, thats the way it is. People go, Kids today… If kids today had a Yelp review, young adults, I should say, it would be impeccable. While theyre doing things, whatever theyre fighting for, people think its up for debate, 40 years later we look back and go, Theyre right almost every fucking time. Next time theres young people doing something you dont understand, you dont have to do it, but listen. Go, They have an amazing Yelp review, of being on the right side of history. You know when people go, Ah. The reason you may not think it, you see them on their phones and go, Theyre on their phones. You dont hang out with young people, so have a version of what theyre like. Heres an example. Excuse me, Ive had a few drinks. Youd… Nobody… The way you become prejudiced to a group, is theres none of those people in your life. Nobody goes, Ill have a hundred Jewish friends and I hate Jewish people. No. Except maybe Jewish people, thats another thing. The reason you dont have any kids in your life, say you work in an office, a 19-year olds having a party. Hell invite a 75-year old working there, go, Theyre so cool, gotta invite them! But they wont invite you if they always hear you going, It was better. There are no good bands these days. Everything was better back then. Who the fuck wants you at a party? Even if youre right, I need some dumb 40-year old saying there are no good bands? This is the 40-year old who doesnt go see bands doesnt go to hip places where cool new bands play, he watches bands on TV and goes, I was born in a better time. Well, guess what? Shama Lama Ding Dongs on your dime! Hold on. Then… I got one more thing. People go, Oh, the kids, you know what? Kids today wont be able to read maps in five years. Two things. Firstly, who gives a shit? Secondly, theyre not going to be able to churn butter, either! They cant make smoke signals. Know why they cant read a map? And they can, Im going with your premise, cos I gotta beat it outta ya. The reason they cant read a map, is cos they invented one on their phone that reads to them, ya dumb fuck! And these are the same people that are like, Oh, you cant say anything anymore. You cant say anything anymore. You know who says that? Most of the time, people with nothing fucking to say! Know when they say that? Not when wanting to write poetry or music everyone disagrees with, when corrected for using gay, retarded, fag as adjectives. Further back, Jew me down, thats when they, You cant say anything anymore! What the fuck are you saying that it inhibits you? What are your censors like? I cant say retarded or fag or Jew me down… what am I gonna talk about? These are the same people that go, Whats next? Were onto you. Lets make it clear what these whats next? people are. They act like theyre OK with something, Im OK with gay marriage, but whats next? What do you give a shit? You sound like youre saying, Im tired of evolving. Im not asking you to stop it, Im going Know what it sounds like… When you get tired of growing, and go, I already became OK with that, now I have to get to know this group of people? You sound like, Should I keep growing til I die? Next time theres a group of people and I dont understand their lifestyle, Ill take a little time, learn about them and end up loving them! These same people go, There wasnt depression. They have some deluded thing, There wasnt depression back then. Yeah, people drank themselves to death! There was shit going on. We didnt have peanut allergies then. When I was growing up, we didnt have peanut allergies. They were called unexplained deaths, you dumb fuck! Thats how to close a show. Goodnight everybody! One of you pooped. I know it. It was not me. Honest. You pooped. – Seriously… -You pooped. Its very unprofessional to ask who pooped. -Its unprofessional, you know. -You pooped. It doesnt matter, youll never find out, I know. -You pooped. You pooped. -I did not. -Its unprofessional. -You pooped.

KATT WILLIAMS@GREAT AMERICA@2018@[announcer] You seen him on Pimpin Pimpin. You seen him in American Hustle. You seen him in Friday After Next. He is single-handedly shutting the Internet down. Give it up for the king of underground comedy, Mr. Katt Williams! [audience cheering] [Bad and Boujee playing on speakers] ? Smokin on cookie in the hotbox ? ? Cookie ? ? Fuckin on your b!tch she a thot, thot Cookin up dope in the Crock-Pot ? ? We came from nothin to somethin, nigga I dont trust nobody, grip the trigger ? ? Call up the gang, they come and get you Cry me a river, give you a tissue ? ? My b!tch is bad and boujee Cookin up dope with a Uzi ? ? My nigga s is savage, ruthless We got 30s and 100 rounds, too ? ? My b!tch is bad and boujee Cookin up dope with a Uzi ? ? My nigga s is savage, ruthless We got 30s and 100 rounds, too ? ? Offset, whoa, whoa, whoa ? ? Rackings on rackings Got back ends on back ends– ? [music stops, then audience cheers] Oh, man. I gotta honestly say, I have done seven, eight specials. Nothing is messing with Jacksonville at all. Let me say that. Off top. Lit. We did not– They dont know. We better let them know. This the most famous county in the world. [audience cheering] People know the county and dont even know the city. You hear it from out of nowhere. Im gonna let somebody from here say it. [audience shouting] It speaks for itself. Good old Jacksonville. Yall did not disappoint, thank yall so much. Two sold-out shows in J-Town right here. So beautiful. Your weather sold out. Yall dont know it. If you dont travel, you dont know, this Jacksonville sun… [audience laughing] This is its own sun. It dont follow no sun rules. You come to Jacksonville, you used to heat. You look at the heat, youre not even scared. You like, What, 89? Aint nobody give a fuck about no 89. You mean Jacksonville 89. Thats slave heat. You be like, I wouldnt have been able to run away today. Theyd have had to beat the shit out of me today. Love Jacksonville. Yall got everything. Even your shit that aint the top is still the top. The Jacksonville Jaguars is doing they shit. [audience cheering] Thats right. Fuck all them stats. [audience laughing] Fuck all them stats and accolades. Jacksonville Jaguars know two things for a fact: They know they weather is better than yours… and they know they uniforms look better than yours. Them nigga s be modeling on the sidelines. Love it here. You come to Jacksonville, you aint ready for it. I dont care where you from, you not ready for this. If you love water, you could overdose in this motherfucker. Jacksonville got water, water, water, and water. They got a creek, lakes, rivers. The river go the wrong way, it– If you not from here, you not– You gotta be specific when you talk to your Uber driver. You cant say nothing like, Im by the bridge. [audience laughing] Theres 1,700 bridges in this b!tch. You mean the black bridge, the yellow bridge, the blue bridge thats part Transformer that go up and down? They dont tell you that till youre high on the balcony. I think I saw the bridge move. Beautiful shit. The militarys in the house. Where the military at? Make some noise for the military. Yeah. In the right parts of Jacksonville, you could feel safe. But they need to tell people that aint from here that there might be military helicopters flying past your balcony, or it will fuck up your whole blunt experience. Im not speaking from knowledge. Im just saying if you was… standing out there with a blunt and see two military helicopters, thats the first time you swallow your whole blunt, lit and all. You: [grunting] nigga, that was the real military. Where the fuck is we at? In Jacksonville, youll see shit you dont see nowhere else. Generally, youd just go somewhere and look on the map and pick places out. Not– Mm-mm. You need a tour guide in Jacksonville from Jacksonville to tell you where you can and cannot go. You dont just wanna be driving around, looking around. Youll see some shit thatll scare you as a nigga. Confederate Park? What? [audience laughing] What the fuck am I doing by Confederate Park? Most cities got one ‘hood. [audience laughing] See how the audience laughed at that? Most motherfucking cities got one ‘hood. The whole map is free. They tell you dont go here. Not in Jacksonville. They got spots all around the map you should look out for. All the ‘hoods sound like… dangerous sitcoms. Tonight, on another episode of Washington Heights. Something going down on Washington Heights, Im sure of that. If I know any of the ‘hoods in America, I know. Stay tuned for another edition of Cleveland Arms. [audience laughing] Its got arms in the title. I know thats dangerous. Eureka Gardens. [audience laughing] Eureka means Surprise! Maybe you shouldnt be here. If you looking for gardens… Jacksonville do it big. It aint just ‘hoods, they got certain streets. If you even type it in your phone… your phone will not let you make it there. If you type in Moncrief… [audience cheering] your phone say, Relocating. [audience laughing] What? [chuckles] Just beautiful shit. Shit you only gonna have in Jacksonville. Jacksonville is the biggest motherfucker city out there. Every ten blocks is another motherfucking neighborhood. If you comfortable, dont be comfortable too long. Enjoy yourself. Most places, when you go to the gas station, the only thing you gotta look at is the price of the gas. Not in Jacksonville. You gotta look at some other shit than the price of gas. You have to look at all the surroundings of the gas station. You ever decided you didnt need gas as bad as you thought you did? [audience laughing] You ever gotten back in your car to not get the gas? Oh, I dont need this gas. Mm-mm. Mm-mm. I can make it almost home if I keep on going. Ill get a little closer to somewhere– Theres 32 motherfuckers out there. They selling pit-bull puppies and frying fish. Mm-mm. Im not gonna do all that for some gas, Im not. Love Jacksonville. Jacksonville, they got shit at all ends. If you wanna shop, they got great shopping. They got great shopping, and then they got ‘hood shopping. [audience laughing] If you looking for the great shopping, you listen for the white-sounding official name. Town center. [audience cheering] That sounds official. Town center. We built this mall, then we built the rest of the town. The black mall sound like a club. Going down to The Regency. They got two-for-one drinks at The Regency. Who dont wanna go there? Free before 11. One thing I like about Jacksonville is, no matter where you eat, all the food is good than a motherfucker. Yall know how to eat in Jacksonville, everything. We had 12 things, everything was good. Go to Jacksonville Beach, they got white people making Caribbean food and shit. Yall aint got no Jamaicans back there? Who the fuck is jerking this chicken? Let me find out a white woman is jerking this chicken like that. Most places you go, if you hear a crazy name, you cant eat there. But here in motherfucking Jacksonville, if they tell you its good, its good. That motherfucking Soul Food Bistro. [audience cheering] I dont even know if them nigga s know what bistro means, but its good as shit. Food so good, you be looking for a slave in the back like, Who is making–? Show me somebody look like a slave back there. Who is putting they foot in this corn bread? The real reason we love coming here is because when we come here we get a real taste of what the fuck America is. We get everybody in the same building at the same time at the same place in Jacksonville at the beautiful Florida Theatre. Yall wont believe who we got here. Wheres all the Hispanic people in the building? Make some noise. Hispanic people, is yall in here? [speaks in Spanish] [audience cheering] Thank yall for hanging out. Wheres the Filipinos in the building? Make some noise. Filipinos? Thank all 80 yall for spreading around. Yall didnt even sit together. That was good as Filipinos, yall spread out. Wheres all the white people? Make some noise, white people. [audience cheering] Look at white people sounding strong. [woman screams] Yall still hanging with minorities in this administration. We appreciate that, white people. We know some of yall had to sneak here on the Mayport Ferry. Black people, is yall in the building? Make some noise. We can all feel safe tonight. [audience laughing] Its beautiful. Beautiful. We got young people in the house. Wheres everybody 25 and under? Young people, where yall at? Thank yall so much for coming, we appreciate that, young people. Wheres all the rest of us? Wheres 25 and older? Make some noise. Okay, yall grown in the motherfucker. I get it, yall grown. If we could tell young people anything, wed tell you: enjoy your motherfucking youth while you got it. Whatever the fuck youre trying to do in your dreams and shit, do it right the fuck now… while your body is still with you. ‘Cause the rest of us will tell you this getting-old shit is for the birds. That shit do not let off. Once its on your ass, thats it. Your ass fitting to get old right now. Its fucked up. Fucked up. We didnt know it was gonna be like this. I used to laugh at my grandfather making all that noise getting out the bed. He: [grunting] Im there judging this shit. Look at this lazy-ass nigga. He know there aint nothing wrong with him at 6:30 in the goddamn morning. Now were getting older, we see. This shit is for the birds. Your mind is still young, but your body has checked the fuck out. Ever told yourself to get out of bed and yourself didnt listen? You was like, Its time to get out of bed now. [audience laughing] Im gonna get out of bed now. Im gonna lay here ten more minutes and get my shit together. Your body has given the fuck up. You start getting older, you gotta change shit. I used to be able to watch TV all night long. Not no more. Now I gotta take my stupid ass to sleep. ‘Cause these motherfucking commercials is too scary and too not specific. You scared and dont even know what the fuck you scared of. Im not the only person here who think he might maybe could possibly have mesothelioma. [audience laughing] Dont none of us know what the fuck it is. They just keep scaring us with it. You might have it. You might have it. Its worth some money. Every time I cough, I think I done caught it. [coughing] Now, Ive fucked around and caught mesothelioma. I drank that miso soup that one time. I think thats where it come from, Im not sure. Its fucked up. You start getting old, and shit change. You gotta deal with it. When you young, the only way you can hurt yourself is if you in an accident. You start getting older, you can fuck yourself up not doing a goddamn thing. You young, you had to hurt yourself to be in an accident. You get older, you see your friend, he got a cast on all his ribs and shit. Goddamn, nigga, did you get in a car accident? No, I fucked around and… yawned too fast and caught– [audience laughing] I caught my body off guard. I wasnt stretching or nothing like that, like I should. I just, out of nowhere, yawned. [buzzing] Ripped all of that up right there. Its fucked up. Its what starts happening when you start getting older. You start getting older, shit that wasnt a problem is a problem. When you was younger, if you was 5 pounds overweight, all you needed to do was take one good shit. [audience laughing] You was back at your original weight. I knew I ate a little bit too much two days ago. I knew that. You start getting older, if you let 10 pounds get on you, that b!tch is there to stay. You like, When the fuck is this leaving? It aint never leaving, you have to keep on working. I saw some shit that fucked me up, though. Sometimes, you got so many channels, you be going through and you just stop on something to see what it is, and its running on a marathon, and before you know it, you done watched 88 episodes. This show fucked me up. They got a show called My 600-lb– [audience shouting indistinctly] When you was younger, if you saw something fucked up, you just had nightmares. This is worse. I aint never seen no shit like this. Not 600 pounds. Legs everywhere, bumps on them and shit. Ah! Motherfucker do nothing but talk, shit, and eat. Wheres my breakfast? He is pimping this b!tch. Shes frying eggs and– Im coming. She like the drug dealer. They go, I dont know how he get this big. Yes, you do, b!tch! This motherfucker cant even get out of the bed. Your ass making him 12 square meals a day. What the fuck? Watching that shit, I cant even eat in bed no more. Its fucked up. You start getting older, shit changes. When you younger, you dont go to the hospital for nothing. Whatever it is, its gonna heal itself. When you start getting older, you know Jesus is at the hospital. You need to check in with Jesus. Catch him on the mainline IV. I think its got something in it, you gonna love it. Its fucked up. My last young day was last Christmas. Played basketball in somebodys backyard, got fouled, ran into a wall, damn near killed myself. And I thought I had saved myself cause I saved my face… with my arm. I saved my face with my arm. But when my arm hit the ground, it sounded like Transformers. It said: [mimicking mechanical sounds] And my brain said, Get the fuck up off the ground, nigga. My arm said, If you get us up off the ground, you gonna have to put us in your pocket nigga, cause we are done. I got right up off the ground and went right to the hospital. White people, I know that dont sound amazing. You get hurt, you supposed to go to the hospital. As a nigga, if you get up off the ground and go directly to the hospital, that means you thought you was fitting to die that day. Im in the hospital, looking at the doctor, holding my arm like a baby. I said, I dont know what you fitting to do… but every time I blink, it feels like somebodys tearing my arm out the socket. He said, Dont worry, Ill put you on some medication. I said, With all due respect, Ive been smoking the best weed in the country, and medication is not gonna get it. He said, You do your job, let me do my job. He wrote me out two prescriptions. One for tramadol, and one for Percocet. Now, I dont know if yall done had them separately, but if you take them b!tches together, itll make you a superhero in this b!tch. You walking around, looking for small crimes. Saying shit no nigga has ever said before. Shoot me right in the chest. I aint even gonna feel it. I cant feel shit. You have to be careful. Your doctors give you all that strong-ass motherfucking medication, they dont tell you what the fuck its gonna do… when they all get together. You gonna believe that ass Tiger Woods. Tiger was in the police department, looking like a baby giraffe and shit. [audience laughing] One, two, three, four, five, six. Strong-ass medication. Gotta be careful out there, its a new world. Myself? I aint getting in no more motherfucking trouble for shit. I know what administration this is. I aint doing shit. I done join the Boy Scouts, the Jehovah Witness, the Amish. Its fucked up. I saw that Philando Castile motherfucking video. That changed my motherfucking life. Fuck out of here. That is not supposed to motherfucking happen. That nigga wasnt even driving. Had his seat belt on and everything. You shot him with his baby right there. Get the fuck out of here. I got some new shit, though. Im fitting to buy me a self-driving car. [audience laughing] Im gonna be in the back seat. You pull me over, I dont know what to tell you. Talk to the driver. [audience cheering] Mm-mm. Talk to the driver, officer, Im sorry. Im here in the back seat, reading the Bible. Im naked with a little pit-bull puppy. Hes in his seat belt. Just saying. ‘Cause its a new world out there. This new election changed everything. Everything has changed. And dont worry, white people, we not gonna talk politics. We not gonna say who voted for who. [audience laughing] Were not gonna get into that. We learned white people know how to keep a secret. Yall didnt tell us shit this election. Not nothing. We didnt know white people was up to something until they started showing white people in line voting. And all the white people looked like they had a secret to keep this year. [audience laughing] I think white people is up to something. I cant wait to see what 2018 gonna be. 2017 is already a doozy. We– We used to seeing people be wrong. We aint never seen nobody be this wrong. CNN was wrong, wrong, wrong. CNN was talking big shit before the election. They had the map up, had all the states highlighted and shit. They was talking big shit. Theres no way that Trump can win this unless he wins here, here, here, and here. The moment they came back from commercial, they was sweating and crying and shit. [audience laughing] They was bringing all the neighborhoods up separately. Wheres the niggas vote at? White people done took over now. Shit that used to be black aint black no more. First thing white people took over was rioting. Yes. Riots used to be some black shit. Wed get so mad, we riot! White people done took it over. Let me just say in front of all these minorities, yall are terrible at it, white people. We taught yall better than this. Yall had a million white people out there, yall didnt do no damage at all. Yall out there obeying the crosswalks, and passing out orange slices. Walking in single-file lines, and– White people, we taught yall better than this. If its a riot, you gotta be willing to fuck some shit up. Yall cant fuck the shit up cause yall own the shit, so yall out there fucking it up and cleaning it up at the same time. Not a riot, white people. White people just out there shaking they signs hard and shit. [audience laughing] What you doing, using the Shake Weight? Im rioting, goddamn it, Im rioting. Its just a new change, its a new era. They say you dont miss what you got till its gone. And Barack Obama is gone, children. Oh, I miss that nigga. [Katt groans] That nigga aint never coming back. Every time you see this nigga, he doing more white activities. He out there parasailing and shit, swimming with the sharks and Michael Phelps, riding horses bareback. Barack Obama, get back here. nigga, we need you. You aint never heard of overtime, nigga? Shit. Just give us four, five months to get on our feet right now. Its crazy. They dont wanna give Barack Obama no credit for nothing. Everything he did, theyre trying to tear it apart. If Barack Obama said, Spit on the street, theyll say the opposite. Wont give that nigga no credit for nothing. That nigga did a great job while he was the commander in chief of these United States. He know what he did. We gonna miss him. We gonna miss him. And who was with him every step of the way? Michelle Obama. Showing the world what a real black stallion look like in real life. [neighing] [audience cheering] Showing that ass money cant buy. Thats collard greens and corn bread and a PhD. Whole family did a good job. Sasha and Malia did a good job. They wasnt ever pregnant, or kicked out of school, or none of that shit. Even their little nappy-headed dog did a good job. He wasnt ever shitting in the front yard of the White House, getting caught on TMZ. We gotta understand that time is over. Black people, we already had our time. We already had the first black president. Now its time for the first Flamin Hot Cheeto president. So, little orange boys and girls know that they, too, can make it. If your hairs fucked up, this is your president. I can do what I want with this hair. I can do anything. Thats why I look like a civil-rights leader, cause thats what I need to be looking like to the police. Fucked up. But its new shit now. Trump is in there, and Trump didnt wait. We didnt have to worry what the fuck Trump was fitting to do. Trump got on that shit immediately. Day one, Trump was on his shit. He announced his motherfucking cabinet. It was Hitler, Satan, Darth Vader. Goddamn, Trump. What the fuck is you fitting to do? [audience laughing] He showed up with Stormtroopers and shit. [humming] Trump dont give a fuck. Trump dont follow nobodys rules. The president supposed to be at the White House. Our president is wherever the fuck he wanna be. He in New York, he in the South, playing golf. Our president dont give a fuck. They used to say, Will your president be awake at 3:00 in the morning to answer the phone if it rings? Shit, yeah, our president is up. Our president is a vampire. That motherfucker sent 23 tweets at 12:30, what the fuck is you talking about? That motherfucker is on it. [audience laughing] We done already seen what America could be like… if they had a nice, sensible president. Now, were fitting to see what America is like with a motherfucking bully in that b!tch. Trump dont give a fuck. The presidents supposed to think of something, then talk with the Senate and Congress, pass a bill, and then do it. Trump dont give a fuck. Trump sent off 50 missiles to Syria while he was in his bathroom with an Xbox One controller. [audience laughing] See what they say when they see that shit. Trump dont give a fuck. That motherfucker is on it, whatever the fuck it is. Barack Obama was in office eight years, he did eight things. Eight years in office, he did eight things. Trumps been in office 100 days. Hes done 100 fucked-up things. He wakes up and signs another fucked-up piece of paper. Wait till they see this when they wake the fuck up. Trump do not sleep. He dont play by no rules. He dont care what the rules is, he do not play them. He did a speech for Black History Month. He dont even know which nigga s is which. [audience laughing] He thought Ben Carson was Frederick Douglass. You dont believe me. He looked at Ben Carson and said: Frederick Douglass has been doing a great job. Hes been getting more and more recognition every day. He looked at Omarosa and said, And Harriet Tubman has been doing a great job out in the community as well. Its fucked up. Its getting dangerous out there. As black people, minorities, were used to just being able to watch the news a little bit and then walk off. Not with Trump. nigga s is watching the news like its the playoffs. [audience laughing] They say anything about nigga s yet? We got one more day then. One more day. Hispanic people, since yall in here, Im gonna let yall know. Black people is yalls friends. If they come after yall, they got to come after us. And I can say that because we know… if they start coming after yall… [audience laughing] we next anyway. Dont worry, Hispanic people. We will open up that Underground Railroad so quick. We got the blueprints. Black people, we got enough problems in America. We dont need no more problems. Once they start coming for Hispanics, therell be a bunch of light-skin nigga s stuck at the border. nigga s gonna say, Im not supposed to be here! I dont even speak Spanish. Trump in office, we dont know what the fuck may happen next. We thought he was gonna be at war right away. We was like, We cant figure out who gonna catch it first. Is it gonna be Russia? Is it gonnab!tch be China? Syria? Iran? Iraq? North Korea? Who the fuck is fitting to get it? We find out, public enemy number one is Kathy Griffin. Kathy Griffin? Aint that a b!tch? Get the fuck out of here. I thought for sure Trump was gonna have a sense of motherfucking humor. What the fuck? You the president now, you cant take a joke, motherfucker? You announced your presidency on Comedy Central, motherfucker, after a roast. Its fucked up. I tried to tell people on the last tour. It was called Conspiracy Theory. I tried to tell people what the fuck was fitting to happen. And it done fucked around and happened. We said Trump had a chance because he was exciting, and America loves excitement. And Trumps been saying exciting shit the whole time. He say shit you aint never heard nobody say ever. Trump said, We are gonna build a wall, and… we gonna make Mexico pay for it. Black people all over the world went, Mexico? [audience laughing] What type of Mexicans does he know? He must not know no eses , or no vatos. You aint gonna make them nigga s do shit. But why the fuck is we talking about building a wall? The Mexican people have shown us they are professional at building a tunnel on your motherfucking ass. They broke El Chapo out while they was looking at him. We went through that. Thats how he got here. They showed that tunnel. That tunnel was as big as this stage. Had hardwood floors, linoleum, Berber carpeting, central air conditioning, vending machines. They picked him up in a golf cart and took him to a burro. [audience laughing] I dont know why Trump was talking about immigration in the first place. His motherfucking b!tch aint from here. Shes from somewhere else. Shes from Cashnadastan. White people dont look like that. Yall need to check on that woman. Every time you look at her, she looks like a hostage in an interview. [audience laughing] Someone please help me. I am not supposed to be here. This is not what I signed up for. Right then, I said, Okay, Trump aint gonna say no more shit that throws me off guard. Then Trump said the shit that shocked the world. You was watching the news. Had your breakfast blunt, it scared you and your breakfast blunt. Trump said, ‘Grab them by the pussy. [audience laughing] Even gangster nigga s were shocked. What? Where the fuck they do that at? Here we been shaking b!tches hands and hugging and shit. Trump dont give a fuck. You can tell he really be grabbing b!tches by the pussy, too. If you watch the news, Melania will not grab that motherfuckers hand for nothing. Every time she grab for his hand, she do karate. I know where your hands been, motherfucker. You are not… Trump dont give a fuck. Trump makes his own rules. Trump was on the news. They asked Trump about the leaks. Trump said, The leaks are real, but the news is fake. [audience laughing] I heard about the leaks on the news, sir. You are confusing me. Thats like the police pull you over, you tell them the blunt aint real, but the smoke is. Take your ass to real jail then, since you are… Its a new world out there. You just gotta know whats true and let that be true to you. Dont let them change what your idea of true is. They try to tell us shit aint right, and we know what the answers are. They try to tell us aint no global warming. Get the fuck out of here, motherfucker. We live on this globe. We know theres global warming. What the fuck happened to winter? Wont nobody say shit? Winter is gone! When we was kids, winter was 19 months long. Snowmen used to last for four, five months. Now, winter is gone. Winter used to be from September to April. Then winter was from November to March. Now winter is just in Alaska and New York, thats it. [audience laughing] Nobody else has seen a winter at all. Aint no global warming. Yes, it is. Shits getting aggressive. Shits getting more aggressive. Fast food is getting more aggressive. Fast food used to be just a decision you made. Now theyre getting aggressive, and we gotta know when to draw the line. Taco Bell done started… trying to trap nigga s. [audience laughing] I gotta go all around the country warning my people to beware. Taco Bell is trying to trap nigga s, yes. They made a taco out of chicken meat. Yeah, trying to trap nigga s in there. We got to draw the line. No, Taco Bell. No. If we dont stop them now, theyll have chitlin chimichangas and hog maw nachos. No. We dont want no corn bread churro. Make them regular. [audience laughing] Fast food done got more aggressive. You know who I blame for that shit. That motherfucking Popeyes lady. I love Popeyes, but I cant stand that motherfucking Popeyes lady. That b!tch is a slave. Every time you hear her, shes singing that slave-ass chicken song. ? Love that chicken From Popeye ? Shut the fuck up, b!tch. Im gonna let you know, white people, that b!tch does not speak for all nigga s. Weve been frying chicken for 400, 500 goddamn years. This b!tch coming up with new recipes. She aint checked with nigga s at all. [audience laughing] Every two weeks, she got a new chicken nigga s have never heard of. Try our new ghost pepper chicken. Wait a minute, b!tch. nigga s dont even believe in ghosts. You done get that voodoo-ass chicken out of here, b!tch. We are Christians on this side, Ill have you know. Fuck that b!tch. Every time she do a commercial, theres got to be some coonery and shit. She got Jerry Rice looking like Scatman Crothers with Vaseline on his face, with a helmet on, eating chicken wings and dancing and shit. Everybody getting more aggressive. The most aggressive is Arbys. Arbys is aggressive. Every 45 seconds, Arbys got three new sandwiches and a brand-new commercial. They trying to gangster nigga s into coming in there. [scatting] We have the meats. That dont even sound attractive. Stop saying that. That does not sound good. Poor Arbys. Arbys is desperate. Arbys been cooking for 150 years. They just found out nigga s do not eat roast beef. [audience laughing] Every nigga in here know where a roast-beef sandwich is, at Arbys. You wouldnt go to Arbys to save your life. If Jesus came back to an Arbys, youd have meet him in the parking lot. No, Jesus, Im right outside, soon as you come outside the door. I cant eat nothing out of there but the curly fries and the Jamocha Shake. Thats the only thing my stomach… [audience cheering] You go to Arbys. Arbys got 500 items on the menu. I went to Arbys, they gave me a sandwich with meatloaf, corn beef, brisket, pulled ham, turkey, two fish sticks, a crab cake, a dollop of coleslaw, on two pieces of hot-water corn bread for $1.29. It came with two bag of chips and three drinks. Please come to Arbys. They desperate. Now, I know that I talk a lot about race. I dont want people to think its more racist than it usually is. Its the same. They dont hate all nigga s. They just like some more than others. If you tall and dark with a deep voice, they love your motherfucking ass. That nigga is selling the shit out them Allstate commercials. [in deep voice] Youre in good hands… with Allstate. [in normal voice] White people are like, I trust him. I think he has our best interests at heart. You tall and dark with a deep voice, they love you. That niggas selling the shit out them ADT commercials. Ving Rhames is right in the front camera. [as Ving Rhames] Dont you even think about coming in here. [in normal voice] Get your black ass out of this front yard before we both get shot. Come in here, ADT. You tall and dark, they love you. Samuel L. Jackson is selling the shit out them Capital One commercials. That nigga be cleaner than the Board of Health. He just sound too edgy at the end, like he might maybe could rob you. Whats in your wallet? Goddamn, Sam. What the fuck? You still out there, nigga? Its a new world out there. Gotta take care of yourself, eat right, drink right. They got a flu virus out there thats killing people. The flu is already bullshit. You dont need to catch the flu and die. Dont worry about me. I cant catch the flu. A lot of yall dont know, every time you go to jail… you get a flu shot, so… I done had 22 flu shots. I cant legally catch the flu until 2026 I think it is. I cant get the flu, tuberculosis. None of that shit. I go to jail, they dont take my picture. They let me pick from my book. Which one of these do you like? You can pick any one. Its a new world out there. Its a new world. When we was young, they use to tell us shit like: By the time you grow up, computers is gonna be running the world. We thought that was impossible. Aint no way no motherfucking computers gonna be interacting with us. Shit. If you got Siri and Alexa, your ass is in a threesome. [audience laughing] Im in love with them b!tches. I talk to Siri and Alexa about all my troubles. First of all, these b!tches dont back-talk none. Theyre so polite. They wait for you to call their name first. Alexa, what time is it? She dont say, nigga, find your own clock. [audience laughing] Gonna be new shit in the future. They already making robots right now that can fuck. Ladies, Im warning yall now. [audience laughing] Get your pussy game together. [audience laughing] Hurry before these robot b!tches get here. Its gonna be some shit. You think nigga s is bad with they phone, wait till they get a robot b!tch. That b!tch run out of her charge. I need a cord. I need a USB real fast. My computer b!tch done went down. Hurry. I got her in the shop getting her pussy tightened up. It wasnt the way I wanted. You fuck her and she play ESPN. Its beautiful. You aint never had no shit like this. Thats okay, ladies. Dont worry. We aint gonna never leave yall for robots, cause first time you fuck over one of them robots… thats your ass. You think a regular b!tch will shut down your life, wait till you piss off a robot b!tch. You wake up, this b!tch done shut your lights off, your cable is off. She done quit your job with a long letter signed with your name. Goddamn, computer b!tch. B!tch sent your dick pics all out to the community and shit. She done turn into Rob Kardashian and shit. What are you doing, computer? You just gotta remember to laugh… and make as many changes as you can in your life. Sometimes little small shit can change shit. Little small shit. Watch this. Wheres all the single people? Make some noise. Single people, is yall out there? [audience cheering] -Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Uh-huh. Sounding strong. Wheres all the relationships in the building? Make some noise. [audience cheering] Okay. Yall sound bood up in Jacksonville. [audience laughing] Some of yall is with two somebodies. They in the back hiding off-camera and shit. Whether you single or you in a relationship, take this little piece of advice, add it to your life. Its gonna change shit. Do more fucking. Didnt that sound simple? Do more fucking. Itll change your life. Do it. If you single, you should be fucking every chance you get. Just in case. You never know. And if you in a relationship, do more fucking. And, women, Im not talking to yall. I know yall are always ready, ready, ready. Im talking to men. We only wanna give her perfect dick. No. Give her all the dicks. Give her happy dick, sad dick, angry dick. She loves angry dick. Gee, I dont know what done got into him, but this is finally what Ive been talking about right here. This is exactly… [audience laughing] Just saying. Do… more fucking. Its important. Its important. You gotta do more. You gotta do more. Now, understand… and do more fucking. And that means all parts of it. Do more fucking. Watch this. Wheres the men in the building? Make some noise. Men, is yall in the building? Make some noise. [men shouting] All right. How many of yall men, by round of applause, know that Viagra works its ass off? Make some noise. [scattered shouting] Thank all 12 of yall for your honesty and your dedication. The rest of you lying sacks of shit… Some of you men tried to break your hands not clapping. [audience laughing] Whatd he say? ‘Whos been to Niagara? I aint never been to Niagara, if thats what hes saying. Every man in here knows Viagra works. Most shit for men does not work. Viagra is not one of them. Viagra works its ass off. That shit works too good. Every man either knows it cause you needed it, you prayed to God for it. For the first time in your life, you said your prayer with your dick in your hand. Just, Heavenly Father, this is your humble servant, Lord. You rose Lazarus from the dead, Jesus. And if you would just lay those same mighty hands on my penile region… You either know it cause you needed it, you prayed to God for it… or you didnt need it, you just figured youd try it, see what the fuck it would do before you did need it. But either way, you know Viagra works its ass off. As soon as you swallow it, it goes right to your dick immediately. You like, Wait a minute. Im not even ready yet. [audience laughing] You be trying to figure out: Is it gonna make my dick big enough for me to notice? Shit, Viagra make your dick bigger than you have ever seen it before in your life. You dont even wanna touch it, it look like another niggas dick. You just looking at it, just– [Im Lit playing on speakers] ? Ooh, yeah ? ? Im lit, Im lit, Im lit Im lit, Im lit, Im lit ? [music stops] Thats your Im walking with a new dick walk. Viagras the shit. That shit work too good. It make your dick hard as a rock and make your head hurt at the same time. You are delivering pleasure and receiving pain. You just: [grunting and groaning] [audience laughing] Its fucked up. That shit work too good. As a man, you and your penis got mental telepathy. If you say it, your dick does it. If its time to pee, your dick pees. Time to shake, your dick shakes. Viagra make your dick ignore you for the first time in life. I specifically said to my dick, and I quote, Thats about enough now. Go on and wrap it up. My dick know when I say that, that means we have done what the fuck we came to do. Its time to hit the dismount, get some sleep. I told my dick to wrap it up. My dick said: [Boss Moves playing on speakers] ? All my hos make boss moves ? ? All my fellas make boss moves ? ? Yo, nigga, you can be a boss, too All my nigga s make– ? [music stops] Fellas, you ever fuck so long you dont even know what to do no more? You done used all your moves and shit? Its an out-of-body experience. You start criticizing your own dick. This is wrong, right here. She gotta be at work at 6:30 in the morning, and here I am at 4:35. That shit works. But I didnt bring up Viagra… to talk to the men. I brought up Viagra to talk to the ladies. New shit. Ive been talking about it for two years. Its finally happening. 2018, they gonna be selling it. Its gonna change everything. They are finally fitting to sell female Viagra. [woman cheers] Did you hear that? That wasnt women. That was old vaginas waking up for the first time tonight. [audience laughing] What did that nigga say? She aint gave that pussy away since the Prohibition. Thats fresh. She got cobwebs on it and everything is fresh. Saran Wrap. Thats right, ladies. Female Viagra is coming. Its fitting to change everything. The pussy game is already vicious, wait till this old kitty cat get back on the market. They say the female Viagra is stronger than the mens. Yeah, they say even if you 62, itll bring you back to when you was at your hottest. Look at the cougars. Rawr. [audience laughing] Thats gonna change the game. Right now, young girls is running things. But you wait till that old classic get out. Men know there aint but two types of pussy, the old classic pussy and the new classic. That old classic is a classic for a reason. Its got its own classic rules, that old classic. A young girl, you just get her to bed and start fucking. Not that old classic. Oh, no. You got to warm up that engine first. You gotta prime that engine. You… [mimicking sputtering engine] Have to grab that b!tch by the nipples and shit. Have to keep checking her fluids. She aint ready yet. She is not ready. [mimicking sputtering engine] Youll know when she ready, cause she gonna crank up. [mimicking revving engine] Like, This b!tch got a 450 under there. This is a real classic right here. Thats that old classic. Young girl wanna come all night long. Not that old classic. Oh, no. She just wanna come one time. She wanna come hard as hell. She want it to shake the room. Boo! She aint got time to be fucking all night. She got shit in the Crock-Pot she got to look after. I stir these at 3 and at 7 like clockwork. I never miss it. Thats my secret. Thats that old classic. She dont wanna come but one time, but it aint gonna be easy. Oh, no. You have to be ready to do 49 to 52 minutes of hard work. You gonna have to use hard dick and creativity. ‘Cause she cant move this hip… and this knee. You might have to fuck that b!tch in a rocking chair. [audience laughing] Can you feel that, Mee-Maw? Thats that old classic. Just saying, do more fucking. Some of you women are lucky. You are sitting right now with a man with great dick. Dont make no noise. [audience laughing] Yall know how these Jacksonville hos is. [audience laughing] Soon as yall made noise, that b!tch look like vultures. Theyll do a flyby on your relationship. What the fuck is this b!tch clapping for? That aint nobody but Gerald, girl. Nobody but Gerald. Its true. Its true. Some of you women is sitting here with men with great dick. And notice I didnt say big dick. I said great dick. Cos I dont know sizes. I know mine is as big as its ever gonna be, and I leave it at that. As men, we know if we got great dick, and your woman know, too. Some of you men look confused. You dont know if you got regular dick… or if you got great dick. This is how you know, fellas, if you got great dick. If you can let your woman see your penis before it gets hard. You can walk right up to the bed, You need anything out the kitchen? [audience laughing] Im gonna get some ice-cold sweet tea and Ill be ready to lay that hammer down. That mean you got it. Thats that great dick. If you got regular dick, your ass gotta hide all around the bedroom till your dick get right. You behind the TV and shit. All behind the curtains and the plants. Ill be right there. [audience laughing] Thats great dick. Women dont think we know. Women think all vagina is the same to us. No the fuck it aint. We know when we done laid it down, but we dont say shit. As a man, we dont say shit. We just walk away, go in the bathroom, shut the door, turn on the shower. We dont even get in the shower. We be looking in the mirror. [Freedom playing on speakers] ? We got to do this now ? ? Let me show you how ? ? Before the time– ? [music stops] Thank yall so much. I appreciate yall. [audience cheering] [Bad Guy playing on speakers] ? Feelin like O.J. I know they goin get me ? ? But, b!tch, not today ? ? Move up at the courtroom ? ? I dont give a fuck What the sentence is ? ? Im still fittin to get it in ? ? Move up at the courtroom ? ? Im already free ? ? But Im still in court ? ? I got a lot on my docket ? ? Tryin to fuck a niggas life up Tryin to fuck a niggas life up ? ? Gotta clean it like Lysol ? ? Move up at the courtroom ?

TOM SEGURA@DISGRACEFUL@2018@Filmed at the Paramount Theatre in Denver [announcer] Ladies and gentlemen… [audience whistling] Tom Segura! [audience cheering and clapping] [inaudible dialogue] Whoa! Whats up? Holy shit. Thank you, Denver. That was amazing. [audience whooping] Thank you so much. I wish I was home right now. -Um… -[audience laughs] No offense. Not personal. That is literally my first thought whenever I walk into any room. Im like, Well, I wish I was home right now. -Uh… [audience laughs] I think its your thought too. I think youre like, I hope this is good, but also, Wrap this shit up so I can go home. [audience laughs] I actually think thats the meaning of life. Like, people are always philosophizing, What is the meaning of life? Ill tell you the meaning of life. The meaning of life is, Fuck this place. Lets go home. Now… [audience laughing and whistling] Luckily for all of us, I think we are five years away from never leaving our homes again. -[audience laughs] -And Im pretty fuckin excited about it. There… There are a lot of indicators if youre paying attention. Like, number one, do you ever really process that you dont have to leave your home to buy anything? Youre like, Yeah, I order some things online. No, no, no. You can sit on your couch, pull up your phone, and if you want to, just be like, I want bananas. And I want hammers. And… [audience laughs] -I want an eagles beak. -And then… -[audience laughs] Amazons like, [blows raspberry] Its on your fuckin doorstep. How about that? [audience laughs] Isnt that insane to you? You dont have to leave your home to see people. You should. You dont have to. Just hold up the same device and be like, Hi. [audience laughs] Bye. And you saw everyone. But the number-one indicator that we are not gonna leave our homes one day very soon are the number of commercials I see for beds that sit up for you. -Now… -[audience laughs] if you dont know what Im talking about, you havent been watching TV. There are endless commercials that air, where basically, a guy comes out and hes like, Doesnt it suck to sit up? [audience laughs] Something like that. And I guess the people are like, It does suck! [audience laughs] And he goes, Well, get this fuckin bed. [audience laughs] You dont have to sit up no more. [audience laughs] They try to advertise that its for snoring. Its because youre a piece of shit. Thats why you got that bed. [audience laughs] All youve done is lay down. Youve been sleeping for hours, and your first thought when you wake up is, I dont even want to sit up. I want to go from here to… -Mm… -[audience laughs] Well, wakey-wakey, little turd. How are you gonna change the world? That means in two years, were gonna be sitting in beds that sit up for us, and well just go, Food. And then a mechanical arm will come out. [audience laughs] And then youll go, Shit. And the bed will open. [audience laughs] And youll go, bah! And youll shit through the bed. [audience laughs] And then youll be like, Im tired. [audience laughs] I wanna rest. Oh, yeah. -Mm… -[audience laughs] And well all be 800 pounds. -I cant fuckin wait. Now… -[audience laughs] Speaking of weight, I lost a decent amount of weight recently. I was on… [audience cheering] Thats right. I was in a weight loss contest with the fattest man on Earth. -[audience laughs] -And… Yes. You may have seen him. His name is Brent Crystals. And…. [audience laughs] I beat him in this contest because Im a better person, -but thats not what I want to talk about. -[audience laughs] I lost about 50 pounds, and you know… Yeah. Maybe… Maybe youre out there right now and youre thinking, like, Hey, man. If you can do that, I can do that. Probably not. [audience laughs] I mean, look what Im doing right now. Can you do this? I dont fuckin think so. [audience laughs] Im just an awesome guy. But… [audience cheering and clapping] You know what sucks? When you lose weight on a public platform like I did, you get… I get so many messages. People are like, You inspired me. And Im like, Oh, I didnt mean to. [audience laughs] People ask me like, Will you coach me into weight loss? -And Im like, Absolutely not. -[audience laughs] One guy hit me up like 50 times. Give me a message to get this kick-started. Ill give you a message. When you look in the mirror, do you say, ‘I fuckin hate you? Then youre not ready. [audience laughs] Cry more and eat less. Send. -Thats my message. -[audience laughs] Hey, you asked me. Now… Ill tell you, on a grand scale, whos helping nobody lose weight is Starbucks. And this is true. They have a national training campaign to try to trick you into ordering food. And this is why. They know youre going to order a beverage. So, they try to lead you into food. Pull into any Starbucks drive-through. And now they greet you, they say, Welcome to Starbucks. What can we get started for you to eat today? -And youre like, Wait, what? -[audience laughs] I just wanted coffee. And theyre like, No shit. [audience laughs] What else do you want? [audience laughs] Youre like, I dont know, sausage? I mean, what do you have? [audience laughs] I dont respect that. I like my shame straight-up and honest. And nobody does that better than the West Coast burger chain In-N-Out. And if youve never been… [audience cheering] If youve never been in In-N-Out, get your fuckin life together and go. And I want you to go simply so you can experience the most shameful and honest question in all of fast food. ‘Cause you pull up and you go, Ill have a double-double, fries and a Coke. And they go, Will you be eating in the car? [audience laughs] Yeah, I think so. [audience laughs] And they go, I bet you will, you fat, fuckin pile of garbage. Doesnt that question sting? Youre like, Am I living in my car? Why am I eating in my car? [audience laughs] ‘Cause if you say no, they give you a bag, and theyre like, Leave with dignity. But if you say yes, its an open tray, and they go, Eat out of that, pig. [audience laughs] And then it falls in your lap and they go, Pick it up! [audience laughs] And youre like, [mumbling] Hot dog, french fries. Are you gonna jerk off when you get home cause youre lonely? And youre like, Yes, yes. Were gonna give you a free milkshake because youre bummin everybody out. Were fast food workers. Youre making us sad. Get the fuck out of here. [audience laughs] You cant say retarded anymore. [audience laughs] It was just here. Dont you remember? -Retarded. Thats how I… -[audience laughs] People get very upset. I dont really support the arguments against it. When people are like, You shouldnt say it. Why? What if theres one over there? And youre like… [audience laughs] We never said it like that. We were never like, Look at that guy! [audience laughs] You didnt say it like that. You said it to describe an idea, or a situation, you know? If your friend was like, Ill pick you up at your house, and then well come back to my place, and later we can go back to your house. And we can get your bags. And then, well come back over here after that. And your like, Thats retarded. Why the fuck would we do that? [audience laughs] But now you cant say that. Now youve gotta be like, Thats not… smart. Your idea has an extra 21st chromosome, if you ask me. [audience laughs] Its not the same. You cant say, Thats gay. Damn. [audience laughs] I used to abuse that expression, Im not gonna lie. And never for anything remotely sexual. I just would say it all the time. If you were like, Ill have a water, no ice. Id be like, Thats gay. You know? [audience laughs] Why do you have so many balloons? Thats gay. Shit like that. [audience laughs] Cant say it anymore. Now, to be clear, you can say thats gay. But it has to be for something overtly gay. Like it has to be ten guys standing in a line, each of them has their dick in the ass of the guy in front of them. And theyre marching and going, I want the come. Give me the come. I want the come. -And then you can go, Thats gay. -[audience laughs] And even then theyre like, Take it easy. And youre like, All right, jeez. [audience laughs] You cant say midget. Goddamn it. [audience laughs] I never thought wed lose that one. [audience laughs] You cant say it. People get very upset. I never said it to be cruel. And lets be honest. It was perfectly acceptable for years. The best part about the word midget, before it became offensive, is that its specific. You know what someones talking about. Thats what was great about it. You could be like, I was at the zoo today and I saw a midget. And youd be like, Did they feed him to the lions? What happened next? [audience laughs] But now, I cant say that. Now, I gotta be like, I saw a little person. -And youre like, Was it a child, or… -[audience laughs] Like, No. Under 411 with the hands. Oh, okay. [audience laughs] Now you know what Im saying. So… You might be sitting in your seat now, going, Tom, what can we still say? [audience laughs] What can we say? Ill tell you what you can say. White racial slurs. [audience laughs] All of em. Let her rip. Cracker, mick, kraut, polack, frog, guinea, wop, honky. Have fun. [audience laughs] Say em all you want. And if youre not white, and youre going, Wait, are you saying I can say those? -Thats exactly what Im saying. -[audience laughs] Nobody cares. Call up your Italian friend tomorrow and be like, Hey, you fuckin guinea. [audience laughs] And hell go, [laughs] I dont care. [audience laughs] I dont give a shit. Its not a historically disenfranchised group. The best slur of all, for me, I think, is honky. And Ill tell you why. The word honky is hilarious… in and of itself. But for some reason, truly racist white people have latched onto that word. Its like this great indicator to know if someones racist. If they act like that word is offensive, run, okay? [audience laughs] You dont believe me, watch the news. Next time theres some racial fight in the news, theyll find some hillbilly. What happened? Hell be like, Well, he called me a honky. [audience laughs] And theyre like, Did you pass out from laughing hysterically, or what happened next? Hes like, No, I stabbed him. And youre like, Oh, shit. Thats fuckin crazy. Ill pay you to call me a honky. I dont care. Its a great word. I saw a racial fight recently, which is terrible, but I watched it. [audience laughs] How are you not gonna watch? Youre gonna watch every fight, you know? Fights have that weird quality. Fights are kinda like hand jobs, in that you dont really want one, but youre like, Well see where it goes. You know? [audience laughs] Will you give it a kiss? No? All right. So, you know. [audience laughs] Had to take a shot. So… Im in Philadelphia, walking through the park in the middle of the day. Beautiful day in Philly, beautiful park. Im walking through this park. And as Im walking through it, I see a white guy. And he yells across the park to a black guy, he calls him a n… [mumbles] -And… -[audience laughs] When you hear that and youre in public, youre like, Oh, my God. [audience laughs] Im gonna die. Thats your first thought. And then, another black guy, I dont know if he lived in the bushes, but… [audience laughs] He popped out of the bushes, like… [audience laughs] if this is a bush right here, I just saw a black guy go, Mm-mm. No. [audience laughs] Not in my park. Uh-uh But its like, no one else saw that guy. Only I was like, Oh, my God! I see that guy! Like that. [audience laughs] It became my own personal movie. I watched him line up like the honey badger. He was like, That one? All right. He fuckin sprinted across the park. And he tackled the white guy. So instinctively, I just went, Get him! [audience laughs] But it took me a second to realize, Im the only other white guy in the park. [audience laughs] Yeah, so like, ten black people turned and I went, No! [audience laughs] Him, him! Our him! [audience laughs] And they were like, What? And I was like, Im out, thats what. [audience laughs] And then they killed that white guy. [audience laughs] And for the record, I dont give a fuck if they did. You know why? There is no such thing as white-guy loyalty. Okay? [audience laughs] I mean, there is, but those guys are obvious as they hold torches. -But the rest of us… -[audience laughs] [audience clapping] The rest of us are not having that shit. Let me tell you something, man. Im jealous of inner-racial loyalty. ‘Cause I see it. If youre white, you see it with other races. Asians, black people for sure. What Im talking about… There could be a dangerous situation. Lets say its a fight, and theres a black guy in that fight. And then another black guy, that doesnt know him, will go, Im gonna involve myself. [audience laughs] Just on account of us being of the same race. At our core, we are brothers. I see that, Im like, Wow. ‘Cause when youre white and youre in that situation, youre like, -Fuck that guy. I dont know that guy. -[audience laughs] Do whatever you want to him. I dont give a shit. Let you do something like that guy in the park, and then look at me like, Are you gonna help out? You should know something. Youre about to get murdered. Okay? [audience laughs] I will fuckin take pictures as youre beaten, and upload them, #honky #deadhonky. Fuck you, cracker. Im out of here. Now… [audience laughs] [audience clapping] Ill tell you, it is fantastic to be in the peoples republic of Denver. It is a great city and, uh… [audience cheering] Absolutely love it here. I think youve probably already taken it for granted, your lax weed laws. And you forget. You forget the struggle that we all went through at one time. [audience laughs] Were all traumatized by it. I hope you acknowledge that. We our traumatized by our upbringing, okay? If youre over four years old, you are traumatized by this nations laws. And this is what I mean. I bought weed last week. The same dude I buy it from all the time. It was a public place. The first thing I said to him when he gave it to me? I go, Im gonna go put it in my car. And he goes, Why? [audience laughs] And I just, instinctively, I go, Cause weed. And he goes, Tape it to your fuckin forehead. Who gives a shit? [audience laughs] And I was like, Oh, yeah, I forgot. [audience laughs] But we, as a nation, we have been traumatized by these horrific laws and people being imprisoned for having weed. And it highlights the absurdity of not only it having been illegal, and so crazy for so many years, but also, highlights how the next generation will not believe our stories about it at all. [audience laughs] Theres a zero percent chance they will understand what were talking about. Itd be like trying to tell a kid now, like, Hey, you know pigeons used to deliver messages to people. Theyd be like, What the fuck are you saying right now? It would be the same thing. Ill sit my son down one day and be like, You know when I was your age, to get weed, I almost died. [audience laughs] And hell be like, Why? Was 7-Eleven on fire or something? [audience laughs] They didnt sell it at 7-Eleven. Daddy used to get in cars with strangers. [audience laughs] Where are we going? Chill out. All right. [audience laughs] The three-hour round trips to buy weed. What kind of weight were you moving? Twenty dollars worth of marijuana. [audience laughs] That kind of major shit. [audience laughs] I bought weed from a dude in a stand-alone trailer one time. Not a trailer park. A solo trailer. The most terrifying housing situation that exists. Where other trailer people are like, Get the fuck out of here. Kick em out. [audience laughs] I just walked up to that shit, 15. This dudes like, You trying to get a sack? -I was like, Oh, shit. Yeah. -[audience laughs] We could go do that. I was like, All right. Cool. And he goes, We just need to go get it. I was like, You dont fuckin have it? [audience laughs] Isnt that your sole responsibility? I tried to play cool, Lets go get it. He goes, Ill go get it. You stay here and watch my place. And I was like… [audience laughs] Okay. [audience laughs] Then he goes, Theres a .357 and a shotgun on my bed. Anybody comes in here, blast em. [audience laughs] Inside? Paralysis. [audience laughs] But what I said was, Thats whats up. -Like, yeah, man. Pow. -[audience laughs] [imitates explosion] [audience clapping] Then he stopped at the door. But dont shoot my mom. I go, Can we get a description before we agree to terms? [audience laughs] How about a height and weight on old mom? [audience laughs] Not everybody agrees on weed. Thats fine, I dont care. Like my parents, we dont agree… They are not cool with weed. I dont care. Theyre old. I still love them. [audience laughs] My dads a Vietnam vet, you know. Some of them are cool… [audience whooping] -[man] Yeah! -…with weed. Some of them are not. Some dont want to talk about Vietnam. -My dad does. -[audience laughs] Some are like, I dont want to talk about it. And my dads like, What do you want to know? [audience laughs] Heres what I wanted to know as a kid. Its terrible to ask a stranger this, but this was my own father. And Id seen a lot of movies. So, Im like, You were in the war. Did you kill anybody? The first time I asked him, he goes, No, I didnt. I go, All right. Okay. A few years later, I asked him again. Did you ever kill anybody? He goes, I was a lieutenant. I was in charge of people. It didnt work like that. I said, Okay.  A few years later, I asked again, You ever kill anybody? And he goes, I threw grenades into bunkers. [audience laughs] I go, Were there people in there? He goes, There were, yeah. [audience laughs] Just little pieces by the time I got in there. [audience laughs] Then last year, I go, Did you ever kill anybody? He goes, Theres no better feeling than killing the enemy. [audience laughs] Whoa. I can remember the first time we ever talked about weed. Because it was Christmas Day. Thats why it stood out. I was 12 years old. I think my sister brought it up. She was like, I want to smoke weed. And my dad goes, You want to know what I think of marijuana? And I was genuinely curious. I go, What, Dad? He goes, I was at a party one time. And somebody pulled out a marijuana cigarette. And I said, ‘Im out of here. [audience laughs] And I was like, Cool story, nerd. You got any other ones? [audience laughs] And he goes, Well, yeah. One time, I was in Vietnam, and some Viet Cong tried to sell my marines marijuana. So, I found him, and I picked him up by his throat, and I threw him on the ground, and I put my M16 in his face. And I said, ‘If you ever come here again, Ill fuckin kill you. And I go, Do you have any stories in between those two stories? [audience laughs] Jesus. Its Christmas, bro. Goddamn. [audience laughs] Two years after that, there was a woodpecker fuckin up our house. [audience laughs] This will all make sense. And… [audience laughs] Woodpeckers can really damage your house. I remember my dad paid a guy $500 to patch up that part of the house. A month later, the woodpecker returned. This time, my dad did not call the guy. He woke me up, his teenage son, on a Saturday morning. Picture youre dead asleep. And my dad, whispering in your ear, with his potent dad breath. [audience laughs] He just whispers in my ear, dead asleep, I need you to shoot a bird. [audience laughs] I just go, I dont do that. [audience laughs] And he goes, Figure it out. [audience laughs] So, I said, Okay, Lieutenant. And I got an air rifle. I shot the woodpecker. I remember, I shot it mid-peck, so it was going… [imitates woodpecker] [audience laughs] Landed in front of me. So much bigger up close. Really big. Red feathers, distinct features. I was blown away. I bagged it up, I threw it away. I went over to my girlfriends house, I started telling her family about it over lunch. I should mention, at the time, my girlfriends family ran a wildlife conservation center. So… [audience laughs] I didnt know my audience. But… I heard a few forks drop, and I look up. And her dad goes, Oh, my God. You killed a long-billed woodpecker. Thats an endangered species. [audience murmurs] And I go, Oh. [audience laughs] I said, My dad made me do it. [audience laughs] And he goes, How does that make you feel, knowing that you did that? And I said, Theres no better feeling than killing the enemy. -It was fuckin awesome. -[audience laughs] I loved it. [audience cheering and clapping] Those birds are extinct now. I did that shit. I dont give a fuck. Im crazy. So… [audience laughs] Oh, man. Dont you hate everyone? -Um… -[audience laughs] [audience cheering and clapping] I mean, obviously, Im not talking about you guys. But, uh… [audience laughs] No, Ive been on this tour for a long time. Too long. And I meet people sometimes after shows, you know. I meet people, and its always a roll of the dice. Ive been meeting lunatics. I mean, I meet people. I met a guy after a show recently. Im shaking peoples hands, saying hi. Guy comes up to me, he goes, uh… [mumbles] And I go, What? [audience laughs] And he goes… [mumbles] I said, Where am I from originally? And he goes… [mumbles] [audience laughs] I said, I was born in Cincinnati, but I moved around a lot. [man] Yeah! And he goes, Huh. [mumbling] And I go, Are you a person thats talking to me right now? [audience laughs] And he goes, Yeah. [audience laughs] And then I decipher that what hes saying is, [in Southern accent] Im from Lafayette, Louisiana, about 20 miles south of there. Theres a bunch of Seguras down there. I thought maybe youre from there too. And I go, Oh. Fuckin no. [audience laughs] [mumbling] And then I realized, we have this whole population of Cajun people living amongst us, like theyre one of us. [audience laughs] And theyre not. Why do they have rights? [audience laughs] This guy had the audacity to ask me, he goes… [mumbling] [audience laughs] I said, Did you just ask me if theres a Redbox around here? [audience laughs] [mumbles] I go, I dont fuckin work here. [audience laughs] Like, I thought he was moments away from being like, I do declare. I am a cartoon character and Ive come to life. Heres all Im saying. I support building a wall if its around the state of Louisiana because those people are out of their fuckin minds. [audience cheering and clapping] [mumbling] You fuckin swamp people, we dont need you. [audience laughs] What are we gonna miss out on? [in Southern accent] Where you gonna get your shrimp? -Oh. -[audience laughs] What a contribution. [audience laughs] [in Southern accent] No more gator, no more shrimp. [audience laughs] Fuckin inbreds. So… [audience laughs] Cracker-ass inbreds, [laughs] we dont need you. [audience laughs] Fuckin tell em. Theyll see this shit. Fuck you, cracker. So… [audience laughs] Probably checked in to 400 hotels this year. And when I tell you that this has happened to me more than half a dozen times, I am not exaggerating. Every hotel check-in begins, usually, the same. Its standard. Hotels, you know, the people at the desk, they go, Last name? And this just happened to me. Last name? And I go, Segura. And the guy goes, Whoa. Are you Japanese? [audience laughs] And I go, Hundred percent, yeah. [audience laughs] He goes, We dont get a lot of Japanese people here. Thats pretty cool. [audience laughs] So, I have to stop him, and go, Hey, man. Im not Japanese. And he goes, [in gruff voice] Segura. [audience laughs] Segura! Sounds Japanese. I go, Thats cause youre saying it Japanese. [audience laughs] I could be Smith, and if you want to go [in gruff voice]  ‘Smith… -[audience laughs] -then its Japanese. And he goes, Well, what are you? Which is fuckin rude. [audience laughs] Can I just say, its never important to ask that question. What are you? Its never important to ask that. Its sometimes important, but… -[audience laughs] -not a lot. When is it important? Sushi chef, accountant, 100-meter dash. -Outside of that… [audience laughs] Sometimes it matters, so… I tell em. I go, Segura is Spanish. And he goes, Thats weird. You look white. [audience laughs] And I go, I am white. And he goes, But youre Spanish? And I go, Correct. He goes, Do you speak Spanish? I said, Yes. And he goes, So, youre Mexican. [audience laughs] And I go, No. And he goes, I dont know whats going on. [audience laughs] I said, Whats going on is you failed fuckin social studies. [audience laughs] And youre not too good at geography either. And then I see his head drop like he feels bad. Look, man. You understand theres white people in Mexico, you know that. -And he goes, No, I dont. -[audience laughs] I said, Theres white people there, black people there, even Asian people there. And if you really want to shit your pants, those Asian people, -they speak Spanish too. -[audience laughs] You dont expect it, but theyre like, ‘Dim sum… [speaking in Spanish] -They are… -[audience cheering] Asian, and they speak Spanish. [imitates explosion] Now, as you can tell, I speak beautiful, perfect Spanish. And… It is to no credit of my own. My mother is Peruvian, and her English wasnt good. So, she spoke to us in Spanish. And thats how I picked up on Spanish. I get so many different reactions when people find out I speak Spanish. I either get completely incredulous people who are like, Holy fuckin shit. I cant believe whats coming out of your mouth right now. I think Im gonna piss my pants. And Im like, I dont speak Aramaic. I speak Spanish. Why is this…? Theyre like, Its not supposed to come outta you, bro. So, I get that reaction, or I get people who are like, You speak Spanish? Yeah, I speak Spanish too. Im like, No, you dont. Theyre like, No, I took four years in high school. And Im like, Yeah, I played football for four years in high school, and the Broncos arent giving me a look this week. -So, no, you dont. -[audience laughs] [audience clapping] Your Spanish sucks. With a capital M for mierda. Now… [audience laughs] I grew up in a Spanish-speaking household, which means I listened to a lot of Spanish music. I only point that out… I think its important to point out, when you listen to Spanish music, it influences who you become, like all music would. For me, I used to listen to this singer named Juan Luis Guerra, a Dominican singer. And he would sing, just a lot of love songs. Songs with titles like Si Tu Te Vas. Which means, If you were to leave me. And the lyrics go: [speaking in Spanish] Which means, If you leave me, my heart would die. Im ten years old and Im like, Oh, shit. [audience laughs] I dont want that to happen. So, I would balance it out. I would listen to a lot of Todd Shaw. And you might know him by his stage name Too Short. And he would sing songs… [audience laughs] like Blow Job Betty. And… [audience whooping] I would go back and forth between these two great songwriters, you know? [singing in Spanish] ? I bust a left nut, right nut In her jaw ? ? Sperm on her cheeks Is all ya saw ? And thats how I go through life today. [audience cheering and clapping] Today, Im basically like, Hola… [grunting] [audience laughs] Sorry, Mom. Now… [audience laughs] By the way, is there any more satisfying feeling than letting an elevator door close on somebody? I did it… [audience cheering] I did it at the hotel earlier. [laughs] I got such a warm rush through my body. It felt like the inside of my body hugged the outside of my body, you know? [audience laughs] I was trying to figure out, Why does this feel so good? I think its a taste of power. Like most of us, we have no power in our everyday lives. But if youre alone in an elevator, -you are lord of the elevator shaft. -[audience laughs] You get to decide, like a king with his drawbridge. Theres Hold Open, and Close. And you can watch people walk up and be like, Mm-mm. -And you hit that. -[audience laughs] And then you see it close, and youre like… [laughs] [audience laughs] Sometimes, a second later it opens, and youre like, Fuck! [audience laughs] You get nervous energy, like youre a kid. Youre like, Im in trouble. [audience laughs] Its always some lady whos like, You didnt see me? I dont even know how this thing works. So many buttons. I tried all of them. [audience laughs] I was trying to figure out, like, where is power the most equal, you know? I think its a parking lot. Just hear me out. It doesnt matter what you drive. If you drive something, that parking space is yours. And when you are ready to leave, and other people are looking for a place to park… -Oh. -[audience laughs] Dont you love that moment? Like, youre walking back to your car from the mall on a Saturday, and youre done shopping, and see you people like, Ah… [audience laughs] Where will I park? [audience laughs] And then they see me. Hey, are you…? -Ill be like, I dont know. -[audience laughs] Maybe. I like to give them false hope. Do you ever do that? Theyre waiting for the brake light. First, they have their blinker on, like thats an official… My blinkers… That shit is mine. Okay. Are the US Marshals gonna back you up on this shit right now? [audience laughs] But they want your brake lights to appear, cause that means youre starting the car. So Ill just hit my brake. And release it. [audience laughs] And you feel the tension rising. Youre like, This is exciting. [audience laughs] And then they snap, and theyre like, What the fuck are you doing?! [audience laughs] And thats when I go, Im eating In-N-Out. Im… [audience laughs] [audience cheering and clapping] Im gonna have this burger now. Its probably gonna take an hour, I dont know. Then, as soon as they drive by, No, Ill eat it later. Im gonna take off. [audience laughs] Yeah. Im very philosophical, you guys. I feel like life is about timing, you know? Timing. When to pull out, when to… -[audience laughs] -stop wiping. When do you ask a professional athlete for his autograph after a home play-off loss? And I think the answer is never. Thankfully, one of my friends doesnt think this way. It is my favorite thing thats happened in my adult life, okay? One of my buddies, he lives in Cincinnati. He is a big Cincinnati Bengals fan, okay? Now… Yeah, I know. Theyre tough. So… [audience laughs] He goes to their game, they lose, which isnt weird. -And then… -[audience laughs] he decides hes gonna wait in the tunnel, and ask players for autographs. Now, if youre like me, you might be wondering, Wait, are you friends with, like, an eight-year-old boy or something? No, its a grown man. So… picture me in the tunnel of the stadium, -like, Hi, guys. – [audience laughs] Keep your head up. [audience laughs] Can I have an autograph? And he said they were all like, No. And some of them were like, Fuck you. Imagine your heroes being like, Fuck you. [audience laughs] [Segura laughs] Oh, my God. And then, Adam Pacman Jones walked out of the locker room. Now, if you dont follow football and youre like, I dont know who that is, well, how can I best describe him? Um… One time he went to a strip club, and a bunch of people got shot. [audience laughs] And then, that happened two more times. Whats up? [audience laughs] Ill give you a sense of his vibe as, bang-bang, ba-bang-bang-bang, ba-bang-bang-bang-bang-bang. He is not approachable. So… [audience laughs] my honky-ass friend… [laughs] [audience laughs] [man] Whoo! the biggest honky in America… [laughs] [audience laughs] goes, Pacman! [audience laughs] Will you sign this football? And he said Pacman went, What? Which to me wouldve been like, So you dont? All right, cool. [audience laughs] My friend just decides to make it more clear. Hes like… Its a football. And you play it. [audience laughs] And I just watched you. Uh… [audience laughs] Will you sign this? And he said Pac goes, What the fuck did you say to me? Which, now, Im like, Why are you still there? [audience laughs] And hes like, I think, cause Im actually shitting myself as it happens. But now he knows hes got one shot. Pac walks right up to him, like, Whatd you say? My friend, he just goes, Look, man. Its a football. [audience laughs] Its for my dad. And my dad loves you. He said Pacman looked at him and he said, Tell that motherfucker I appreciate him. [audience laughs] Thats the end of the story, but… [audience laughs] [audience clapping] [Segura laughs] Dont you love the juxtaposition of angrily being like, You tell that motherfucker, but then, Dont forget to say thank you. [audience laughs] Ive been trying to incorporate that into my life. I was at an airport bar, I was getting up, and they called my flight. The bartender goes, Somebody recognized you. They sent you a drink. Tell that motherfucker I appreciate it. And he goes, What the hell did you just say to me right now? [audience laughs] I said, Fuck his mother, I appreciate her. Tell him that. [audience laughs] Asshole. So… I still havent found a place for it, but Im working on it. So… I met, um… Like I said, I meet a lot of people. I met a woman after a show recently. Theyre allowed at my shows. And… [audience laughs] See? Theyre here. And, uh… [audience laughs] She came up to me and she was like… [giggles] [audience laughs] -Its a very specific woman, all right? -[audience laughs] I do feel like I just did a .02-second impression. Everybodys like, I know who youre talking about right now. [audience laughs] ‘Cause every city has…. [giggles] [audience laughs] You know my favorite part of that woman? If you go, Why are you laughing? Shell go, Im not. [giggles] [audience laughs] Okay. So, she comes up to me and she goes, Funny show. [grunts] And I go, Thanks. Thanks, motherfucker, I appreciate it. So, I go… [audience laughs] I go, Thank you. Are you gonna go jerk off all over your hotel room now? And I was like, Ugh. [audience laughs] I said, Im probably just gonna pick a spot, you know? Im not gonna… [audience laughs] She goes, Yeah, I get it. And I was like, Good. [audience laughs] Then she goes, Im super horny. And I go, Okay. She goes, Im horny the way guys are. And I go, No, youre not. [audience laughs] Then she goes, Yeah… I am. [audience laughs] And I said, Youre really not. And she goes, Yeah, why do you say that? And I said, Let me tell you a little story. [audience laughs] When I was a freshman in college, I looked like this. I looked 47 years old. [audience laughs] It was alarming to other students. [audience laughs] They would see me walking through the door, and theyd be like, Are you a fuckin administrator here or something? Id be like, Im a freshman. Im 18. And theyre like, Youre a narc, thats what you are. [audience laughs] This is my birth face, man. Im 41 Jump Street. So… [audience laughs] With this face, came great responsibility. I bought alcohol for our entire dorm. I dont mean three or… Everybody. It wasnt even a challenge. I looked so old, that when I walked into liquor stores, theyd be like, Hello, sir. Hows the stock market today? Shit like that. [audience laughs] I bought booze. Everybody got booze. I did the same thing with pornography. Let me tell you, before you jump at me like, Why would you do that? You could just watch it in your dorm room online. Well, the story takes place in 1997, and… [audience laughs] there was a lot of buffering back then. That is the truth. [audience laughs] I dont know if you remember the late 90s or were even around, but porn in the late 90s was like, Ah. Hm. [audience laughs] Ah. Hm. Who am I kidding? I use my right hand, so, Ah. Hm. Now… keep in mind, Im not buying porn for a couple buddies. It is for an entire building of 18-year-old freshmen dudes in college. You cant wrap your head around how massive and specific these orders were. [audience laughs] I would go door-to-door, and guys would hand me cash and their wish list. Theyd be like, I want black cocks, asses and feet. Dont fuck it up. -I was like, All right. -[audience laughs] Do you know what kind of a psychopath I looked like walking through a porn store with a grocery list, like… [audience laughs] Mom said not to forget. [fakes laughter] [audience laughs] So, one day, I am buying outrageous amounts of porn. And the owner of the store comes up to me. You should go to this other store. And Im like, That is a weird thing to tell your best customer, man. [audience laughs] So I go, Why? And he just goes, I just think youll like it. And so I go, Okay. I go. He sends me to… I dont know if youve ever been to a cement-block building with no sign or address. The kind of building thats like, I dont know. You fuckin guess whats in here. [audience laughs] Well, I walk in, and I see a man wearing overalls and no T-shirt. Which, I think we all know, is the international uniform for the last guy youll ever see. Now… [audience laughs] this guy… is behind the counter. He looks up and sees me. And the first words out of his mouth are, Piss fetish? -And I go, What? -[audience laughs] No. And he goes, Oh, I got a full bladder. Dont want to waste it. And I go, What the fuck? [audience laughs] I said, Is that what you do around here? And he goes, Among other things. [audience laughs] I said, Well, then, show me around. -Let me see what else you have. You know? -[audience laughs] I dont want to be closed-minded. So we go through the store. He shows me movies and toys. He goes, We got a booth. You can put in a quarter. And I go, Yeah, I got it. [audience laughs] And he goes, But this heres our VIP. And youll notice, theres a hole in the wall. And if youre standing in there, someone might stick their finger through that hole. And theyll go just… like… this. And if you want to, you stick your prick in that hole, and [clicks tongue] someone will suck it on the other side. [audience laughs] And my dumb ass goes, Is it a guy or a girl? [audience laughs] He goes, You see any other cars in that parking lot, Junior? [audience laughs] So then I felt a pool of diarrhea forming inside of me. And fear shooting down my spine. As I was certain I was gonna get kidnapped and raped by Mr. Fuck Dynasty. So I said… [audience laughs] Ill just take my movies. Thanks. So lady, when you say youre horny the way guys are, I ask you, are you willing to go into an unmarked building and wait behind a wall for a stranger to stick his dick through a hole in that wall? And then you, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah, polish it off for the love of the game? Because thats what savages men are. [audience cheering and clapping] And she goes, Yeah. Im not that horny. And I go, I know. [audience laughs] See, I just feel a responsibility to remind women of what pigs men are. If youre a woman here with a man right now, you should know he is two drinks away from walking to that booth. -And honestly… -[audience laughs] Im no better. If he had answered my question differently… Is that a guy or a girl? He went, I dont know. Id be like, I dont fuckin know either, so… [audience laughs] Shes got a rough chin on her, for sure. Whered you go, man? I dont see you anywhere. All right. I lost some of you on that one. Thats how that goes. -So… -[audience laughs] I see. Some women are like, Mm-mm. [audience laughs] My man would never do that. Okay. Sure. [audience laughs] You want to know how big of a pig your man is? Hes however big of a pig you give him permission to be. Every man has unlimited pig-tential. [audience laughs] Just needs a little nudge from you, coach. How about that? [audience laughs] Doesnt go both ways. Isnt that fascinating? If youre a guy, you cant be like, I want you to eat it from behind. Shell be like, The fuck did you just say to me right now? [audience laughs] But a woman can go, I want you to eat it from behind. And were like… [mumbles] -[audience laughs] Im gonna take some home in a doggie bag. [barking] [audience laughs] [audience whistling] Im getting older. I know. We all are. But I am. I feel like Im getting old. And I know you guys are looking up, youre like, What? Youre perfect. But thats on the outside, you know? [audience laughs] You know what the biggest kick in the balls is? Is when your vision starts to decline. Especially if youve had perfect vision. Ive never even thought about it. Ive had excellent vision. Ive had vision thats off the charts. Like, if Im hanging out with friends, and theres a sign ten blocks away, I can see it. How do you see that? Jesus loves me. I see it. I can see it right now. [audience laughs] And now I have, like, the squint of death. Or I look at shit like that. People are like, You all right? Yeah. Im just looking at shit. Dont you ever look at shit? [audience laughs] And its tough to accept. Ive been in denial. You know where you cant be in denial anymore? The DMV. I went to renew my license. And when you go, you sign and you pay. Very casually, the lady goes, Can you read line three? And I was still arrogant about it. I was like, Pfft. Check this shit out. [audience laughs] A, X, G, L, seven. She goes, Seven? [audience laughs] I go, What the fuck is that? [audience laughs] I dont think Ive ever seen that symbol before in my entire life. And she goes, Thats a T. So, I went… [chuckles] [audience laughs] Pretty close. [audience laughs] And she goes, Yeah, youre right. Thats pretty close. [audience laughs] Its the Los Angeles DMV, so… I leave. Im in a panic. I go straight to my doctor. I go to the same abusive asshole doctor Ive been seeing for over a decade. [audience cheering and clapping] I walk into his office. I go, Dude, test my vision. And he goes, You should get a prostate exam. [audience laughs] Im like, For my eyes? And he goes, You should do it. Im not even 40. He goes, Try it. -Im like, Try it? -[audience laughs] Like a sorbet? Just see if Im into this flavor? And he was like, Yeah. And I go, All right, youre my doctor. So, okay. So, Im naked. Im in the fetal position. He lubes up. It is a ton of lube. I didnt know that. I was like, Thats why Ive never had success with this before. [audience laughs] And he goes, Youre gonna feel a little bit of pressure. And that is my cock… Its my finger, like that. [audience laughs] Its moderately funny. But if someones finger is going in your ass, as they say that, youre laughing. I promise you, youre laughing. [audience laughs] Just out of appreciation, you know. Youre like, You said cock. [laughs] [audience laughs] Thats crazy. And then he checks, rather aggressively, I would add. He goes, You feel all right. I go, Okay. Then he goes, Hey, if you want a second opinion, -I could put another finger in there. -[audience laughs] So, I go… [laughs] Get it out. [audience laughs] He goes, Well, stop laughing. Every time you laugh, youre clamping on me. I cant get my finger out until you stop laughing. And I go, Get it the fuck out. Now. [audience laughs] Then I sit up. I go, Did you just give me a prostate exam so you could run those two lame-ass jokes by me? [audience laughs] -And he goes, Yes, I did. -[audience laughs] And I said, It was really funny, actually. [audience laughs] Then he tested my vision. He washed his hands, he tested my vision. [audience laughs] And he goes, Youre right. You have latent farsightedness. I go, What does that mean? This is his quote. Your visions always sucked. You just didnt know it. [audience laughs] I go, Do you care to explain more? He goes, Think of it like this. Your eyes have been fighting to make you think you can see well. And now theyre tired. [audience laughs] Thats why youre here. I go, Dude, thats like me saying, ‘Im young, uh, and my skin got tired. Now Im old. [audience laughs] He goes, Thats an interesting way of putting it. I go, No, it isnt. [audience laughs] Im just old and blind. Dont forget youre balding. And I go, I know. [audience laughs] I used to have hair, but they got tired, then they fell out. And he goes, Now, youre getting it. Im like, Dude. [audience laughs] How do you get paid to do this? And I get why you laugh at my physical flaws. Physical flaws are funny. They just are. Disabilities are not. But some are. [audience laughs] Most arent. We know those ones, you know? Like, if theres a 10K or a quilt. Thats pretty bad, but… [audience laughs] The rest are up for debate. [audience laughs] If youre sitting here and youre like, Well, when is it ever fu-fu-funny? Well, luckily for you, I have three examples. First… foreign accent syndrome. Some of you know about it, some of you dont. Its real. You can look it up on your way out of here. Some people experience head trauma. Not funny. But they wake up speaking their native language with a foreign accent. Very funny. [audience laughs] I defy you to watch interviews with these people and not piss yourself laughing. [audience laughs] Do you understand? Like, a farmer in Alabama whos normally like… [mumbling] -That guy… -[audience laughs] hits his head and is now like, Eh, the tractor trailer, it, eh… It fell. Thats not funny to you, you piece of shit? Really? [audience laughs] The best case ever of foreign accent syndrome happened in the UK. Not only was it a British woman who lived her entire life in the UK, shed never left the town she was born in for 33 years. She was in an accident, and she woke up speaking English, but with a Chinese foreign accent. [audience laughs] Did you hear what I just fuckin said? [audience laughs] Do you now believe in God and his awesome sense of humor? [audience laughs] A British lady, who, her whole life, was like, [in British accent] Hello. Its a bit of a whiffle, isnt it? – Like that. – [audience laughs] Now says, [in Chinese accent] I have not had my conversation, -and its over three year now. – [audience laughs] First, do you know how hard it is to do that impression without squinting? Secondly… [audience laughs] if youre getting uncomfortable, like, Whoa. Hes mocking an Asian accent? No. Shes white. This is fine. -A white… -[audience laughs] British lady just happens to say, [in Chinese accent] Would you like… a cup of tea? [audience laughs] Taste good? [audience laughs] You want milk? You want biscuit? Oh, good. You want me suck the dick now? -I dont know, whatever. -[audience laughs] Shes a nice British lady. She can say whatever she wants. If youre sitting in your seat right now and youre like… [grunting] I dont think its funny. Well, dont get your tits in a tussle. I got two more for you. So… [audience laughs] [audience cheering and clapping] What about persistent genital arousal disorder? [audience laughs] That is a fancy way of saying, Never not coming. These are people that have orgasms every 90 seconds. And they cant have jobs. Why cant they have jobs, Tom? ‘Cause theyre coming all the time. [audience laughs] Its not appropriate for you to be like, Can I try on this shirt? And the guys like… [grunts] [audience laughs] Fuck your shirt. Im gonna wear my old shit. Im not wearing your fuckin shirt. Can you imagine? Youre like, Were out of orange juice. Or… -[audience laughs] -Oh. Just bring water, thats too much sugar. I dont want any more of that. Some people suffer from both of those afflictions. Its rare, but it happens. Can you imagine that? You walk up to somebody like, Im sorry to hear about your dad passing away. And hes like… [audience laughs] That feels good. [audience laughs] I made that one up. Thats not true, but… [audience laughs] That was cheap, but that was fun. Now… If youre still not on board with this, how about an old reliable one? You know, how about Tourettes syndrome. Yeah. Maybe youve heard of that. If you havent, let me tell you. When I was in fifth grade, my parents sent me to a new school on a Wednesday. Ill never forget. It was a Catholic school, and on Wednesdays, they had Mass. So picture, youre a new student at a new school, you dont know anybody, and the first thing youre doing, is youre going to church. So, I walk in and the priest starts the service. He goes, In the name of the Father, and the Son… And the kid in the row in front of me goes, Fuck your cunt. [audience laughs] And Im like, Oh. Uh-uh. Nobody did anything. No one batted an eye. He goes, Holy Spirit. -Starts reading from the Bible. -[audience laughs] -This kid goes, Lick my balls! -[audience laughs] Fuck you! I am laughing so goddamn hard. But I know Im not supposed to laugh. It sounds like Im having a stroke. Im ten. Im like… [mumbling] I have tears running down my face. And finally I am able to get out, How come nobody else… [audience laughs] is laughing? [audience laughs] And the kid next to me goes, Hes got Tourettes. It gets old. [audience laughs] Three years I was at that school. That shit never got old. That was… [audience laughs] the greatest gift God ever bestowed upon me. And Ill tell you this. The greatest day of my life, up until the day my son was born, was the day we had a substitute teacher that year, and they didnt warn her about him. [audience laughs] Your imagination is serving you correctly. [audience laughs] It was glorious. I watched a ten-year-old boy break a grown womans spirit. [audience laughs] These poor substitutes dont know whats going on in your class. She walked in… Somehow, they didnt tell her. And shes like, Read chapter three. And his ticks would build. Meaning, they would start small. So he would be sitting in class, like… [mumbles] [audience laughs] [mumbling] So she goes, Whats going on? And were like… [gasps] She doesnt know. [audience laughs] And he would do this every day. He would take markers and paint his own shirt. Every day he did it, but she doesnt know about it. She sees it. What are you doing? What do you think, bitch? -[grunts] -[audience laughs] Then he starts painting his face with the marker. And she goes, Stop that. And he goes, Fuck you, bitch. Fuck you. And shes like, Whats happening? Whats happening? And we go, Thats Kevin. Why are you crying so much right now? [audience laughs] She killed herself. Shes dead. So… [audience laughs] Shes out of teaching, but shes fine. So… I know. Some of you guys are like, Jesus, hes a real jerk. Im not that bad. Im not. Im a new dad. How about that? I, uh… Yeah. [audience cheering and clapping] Yeah. Its the best. Its awesome. Guys always hit me up. I dont know why they trust me. Should I do it? And Im like, Of course you should do it. Its the best. Its awesome. Theyre amazing. And also, being a dad is easy, man. Super easy. Its way easier than being a mom. [audience laughs] Heres all you gotta do if you want to be a great dad, seriously. Dont abandon your kid. Thats it. Thats all you gotta do. [audience laughs] No, I do believe being a mother is inherently harder, especially at the beginning. And thats why I dont like when I hear men complain about it. I have friends that are like, My kid cries a lot. And Im like, Yeah, cause youre his dad. Thats why he cries a lot. If I saw your face first thing in the morning, Id bawl my fuckin eyes out too, so… What do you mean, He cries? He cant talk, you dumb-shit. Ah means something. Figure it the fuck out. Thats why they make them so cute. Did you know that? [audience laughs] Its so you dont strangle them. [audience laughs] My son is so fuckin cute. Hes not Asian-baby cute, but hes right below that, you know? [audience laughs] Asian babies are cuter than bunnies and puppies combined. I would throw away 20 white babies to have an Asian baby. [audience laughs] But thankfully, the exchange rate is better than that, so… [audience laughs] Five? I dont know. Can we please stop, collectively, as a society, stop pushing the myth that having a baby is a selfless act? I hear people say that shit. Its the most selfless thing… -[mumbles] -[audience laughs] that youll ever do. No, its not. Its not selfless. Its selfish. Necessary, but selfish. Why? You fall in love with a miniature version of you. [audience laughs] Whats more selfish than that? Youre like, This is awesome. It looks just fuckin like me. [audience laughs] Ive never loved anything more in my entire life. [audience laughs] My favorite parts of you are the parts that look like me. [audience laughs] Some parts look like you. Those parts are all right, but… [audience laughs] the parts that look like me are amazing. I would do anything for you, mostly because I feel like Im doing it for myself. [audience laughs] Youre the best, new fresh me. [kissing] [audience laughs] Thats what youre doing. Youre populating the world with more of you. Youre saying, Im fantastic. [blows raspberry] -Heres another one of me. [audience laughs] Do we really need that many more of you? Yeah? I mean, do we? I mean, Martin Luther King Jr. had four. I get it. He shouldve had ten. But you? [audience laughs] All excited about, Crab legs are on sale at Costco on Sunday, yall. [audience laughs] I think were all good on you. I think maybe you should stop. Now, Ill be real with you. If youre wondering about it, about parenthood, youre gonna have no more time. Its okay, cause youll still have moments. Time and moments are different. Whats time? Time is like, lets say tomorrow you sleep in till noon, and then you eat food in bed. And then you go, Fuck today. And you go back to sleep. [audience laughs] You got a lot of time on your hands. Moments are like, you take a sip of something. Thats good. That moment is now over. See? [audience laughs] You live in moments. Masturbating is important, you know? You appreciate it more when youre a parent. I look forward to masturbating more than sex. You know why? ‘Cause I know Im gonna treat me right. Thats why. Yeah. I love it, man. I clear the bed. The dogs can watch, but nobody else, you know. [audience laughs] Im at the point now where I taunt myself. Any of you do that? Ill lay in bed and Ill be like, Whos been a good boy? Oh. [audience laughs] Whos been good? Whos been bad? And then I grab my balls from behind, like, Who the fuck was that? [audience laughs] Did you…? You brought somebody? I didnt bring anybody. But… I keep it exciting. Im telling you the truth! [audience laughs] Cool shoes, Tom. Whered you get em. All right, Ill tell you. So… [audience laughs] I was doing shows up in Portland, Oregon. And did a few shows. Big show like this. A group came up to me afterwards, and they go, We noticed you have Nikes on. Do you like them? And I go, Yes. [audience laughs] Do you want to come to Nike headquarters tomorrow? And I said, Not really. No. I like your shoes. I dont want to see your office, man. And he goes, Well, you can shop at the employee store. So, I go, Whats that? He said, Its a warehouse that has every product imaginable. And you would get 50 percent off. And I go, How about I rent a U-Haul and I empty your fuckin store tomorrow? [audience laughs] He goes, Have at it. I get excited. Next morning he calls me. He goes, I wanted to tell you, you can come to Nike, but youre not allowed to shop in our store. And I go, Why? He goes, We put your name in our system, and it was flagged. Im like, Flagged. By Nike. For not doing sit-ups? What the fuck is that all about? [audience laughs] And he goes, No. Youre a person of influence. And I go, Excuse me? He goes, Youre an entertainer. We call that a person of influence. Youre not allowed to shop in the store. I go, Thats fucked up. You can try to go through the entertainment division. Whats that? And he goes, Thats free stuff. I go, All right. So… [audience laughs] I get that number and I call. And this guy answers, Nike Entertainment. And I go, Hey. Tom Segura. [audience laughs] And he goes, Okay. And I go, Im a person of influence. [audience laughs] And he goes, Okay. And I go, Im calling about my free shit. [audience laughs] And he goes, All right. And I go, So, how do you want to do it? [audience laughs] And he goes, Well regroup, and well get back to you. And I go, Okay. And they never called, so I bought these Adidas for $130. So… [audience cheering and clapping] Fuck you, Nike! [audience laughs] Lets see if you even survive without my purchases now. [audience laughs] You want to know how crazy that company is? I told that story in New York City at a show. And the next day, a Nike executive got my cell phone number, and called me and goes, I was at your show last night. And I think its very rude that youre telling that story. And I go, Pfft. I think its rude that you didnt give me free shit. [audience laughs] I think you should stop telling that story. And I go, Fuck you. [audience whooping] Get out of here, man. [audience cheering and clapping] And he goes, Fuck you. [audience laughs] And I go, Why dont you change my diaper? [audience laughs] And he goes, What? I said, You heard me, bitch. [audience laughs] And it was at that moment I realized, we have this amazing insult at our fingertips -that were just not utilizing enough. -[audience laughs] Why isnt Change my diaper part of the lexicon? It should be the ultimate insult. It should be Fuck you. Why dont you fuck your mother? Why dont you change my diaper? Game over. [audience laughs] Im serious. Rappers should wear them in videos, and be like, Change my diaper, bitch. [audience laughs] The president of another country should tell ours… [audience laughs] Change my diaper, orange man. [audience cheering and clapping] And listen. If youre a parent, you know exactly why that insult is so appealing. If youre not, let me key you in on a little secret. Theres a reason your asshole is the only part of your body you cant physically see. Its a fuckin horror show, okay? [audience laughs] When you have a little one, you have a front-row seat for years. And my son shits with his eyes closed. I dont know how often you do that. Im guessing its twice a year. Maybe the day you get back from Cancun, and when you tell the lady in the Thai restaurant, Yeah, I can handle my spice. [audience laughs] My son, every single shit, hes like… [grunts] And when hes done, he makes eye contact, and youre like,  Whoa. And he pushes out the last bit as he stares through you. Hes like… And youre like, Ugh. Youre nasty as hell. Gross. Just once, it would be nice if, as Im cleaning my sons shit-filled asshole, if he would look up at me. Hey, motherfucker, I appreciate it. And Id be like, Yeah. And I appreciate you. [audience clapping] Thanks, Denver. Youre so much fun. Have a great night. Appreciate you very much. Thank you so much. [audience cheering and clapping] Youre the best. [audience cheering and clapping] Thank you so much. You guys are the best. Love you. Good night.

RONNY CHIENG@ASIAN COMEDIAN DESTROYS AMERICA@2019@[The Evening Primrose (Ye Lai Xiang) by Li Xianglan plays] [woman singing in Chinese] [audience applauds and cheers] [female host] Ladies and gentlemen, Ronny Chieng! [audience cheers and applauds] [Ronny] Thank you! Thank you! [cheering and applause continue] Thank you! Thank you. Okay! Thank you. We gotta get going! We gotta get going, guys! Thank you! Thank you. Thats very kind. Thank you. Thank you. Netflix says were losing viewers by the second. Lets get started. All right? Thank you. Theyre clicking X as we speak. Thanks for coming. Uh… Its nice to be here in America. [audience laughs] Whats going on in America in 2019? Uh… Measles is coming back, right? Bringing back measles. Why not? Why not at this point? How much worse can it get? Lets bring back measles. Every year, America becomes more and more hipster. [audience laughs] Its time to bring back organic, small-batch diseases. [audience laughs] Because of all these stupid anti-vaccination idiots. Reading some bullshit on the internet, getting brainwashed, not vaccinating their children. Yo, the internet is making people so fucking stupid. [audience laughs] [woman] Whoo! Like, who knew all of human knowledge can make people dumber? [audience laughs] Like, in 50 years, were gonna look at the internet the same way we look at smoking right now. [audience laughs] Its going to be like, Man, I cant believe 50 years ago, we just let pregnant people use the internet. [audience laughs and applauds] What were we thinking? Pregnant people were just using the internet. Wed use the internet in front of babies. Wed let babies use the internet. [audience laughs] Yeah, in 50 years, were gonna have special areas outside buildings where you can use the internet. Internet designated zones 50 feet from every entrance. Dont bring the internet indoors. The secondhand stupiditys a real killer. [audience laughs, cheers, and applauds] Yeah. [chuckles] [cheering and applause continue] Yeah! Yeah, were stupid. Yeah! [audience laughs] [laughs] Uh, yeah, Ive been living in America for a while now. Its been great. Uh… [inhales sharply] Theres so much stuff here. Theres so much stuff in America. Theres so much abundance. Its hard to see if youve been born and raised here, but when you come from somewhere else, its so obvious the abundance in this country. Out of control. So much stuff. Every day, new stuff. Its like Christmas every day. Hyperloops, electric cars, SpaceX, robot vacuums, iPhone 8s and 10s at the same time. [audience laughs] Cant even wait in America. We get the iPhone 8, and were like, You know what? Fuck 8 and fuck 9. Ten. Lets go. [audience laughs] Just skipping iPhone models. So much stuff. Theres so much food in America. Theres so much food, every… [grunts] [audience laughs] Food. Theres so much content. So much content. Oh, my gosh. So much content on demand. So many screens. The most screens per capita in the world. Every night in America is like a competition to see how many screens we can get between our face and the wall. [audience laughs] Its like, iPhone, iPad, laptop, TV… [exhales] …and an Apple Watch. Okay. Just maybe… [audience laughs] As many screens in a row as I can get in front of my face. I need a screen below my eyes and a screen above my eyes. So when I look down and I look up, I dont miss any of the action in this Game of Thrones episode that cost $30 million, but for some reason, we couldnt figure out how to adjust the contrast, and so everything is dark as fuck! [audience laughs and cheers] So much stuff. So much… So much packaging. Oh, my God! The packaging in America. Everything here is triple-bagged. Right? You order anything to eat at any restaurant, they give you 50 napkins. You throw away 80. [audience laughs] Yeah, in America you throw away more napkins than you took. Just breaking the laws of reality… with the abundance. Every restaurant you go to in America, you just make it rain napkins every day. [audience laughs] A glass of water, five napkins. [audience laughs] Amazon Prime every day. Send that shit to my house every day. Never leave your house. In America, never leave your house. [audience laughs] Land of the free and land of never leaving your house. No item too trivial… no quantity too small… to be hand delivered into your home like an emperor. Anything. Anything in the world that comes to mind, any fleeting thought you have while drunk, anything. Just… [grunts] I want one pen. [audience laughs] [grunting] I want one. I dont want a box. I want just one pen. I want it in a box with some plastic. Throw some napkins in there… in another box, in a bigger box. Fifty million boxes flying across America at all times. The airspace above America is just Amazon Prime. Packaging just knocking into each other, like satellite debris, right? More, more Prime. Cant get enough Prime here. We need it, Prime. We need Prime harder, faster, stronger. Faster Prime. Prime Now! [audience laughs] Prime Now. Two-hour delivery. [audience laughs] Prime Now. Give it to me now! When I press buy, put the item in my hand… [audience laughs] [audience applauds] …now. In America, there should be no lag. Zero lag… between when I press the button and when the item is gently placed into my hand. [breathes heavily] So I can use it now. Oh, same-day delivery? [moans in agony] Un-American. Same-day? [retching] Now. Prime Now. Break into my house… [audience laughs] …and put the food I ordered in my mouth… and help me chew it! And then push it down my esophagus with a stick. [pants] And then pull the feces out of my anus for me now. Its like, where do we go from here… as a civilization? Like, how much more convenience can we get? How much less energy can we use… to get what we want? Lets get Prime Before. [audience laughs] Send it to me before I want it! [audience laughs] Its 2019, I have to make a decision? Before you mail me what I buy? Use artificial intelligence… to substitute my own intelligence… so I can live my life. Send me everything I want before I want it… in as many boxes as possible. So much packaging. But… yeah, very happy to be here. Why do people come here? [audience applauds] No. Wait. Wait. Hang on. [laughs] Why do people come here? Why– Why do first-generation immigrants come here? Because this is the best, right? This is the best. This is the NBA. [audience laughs] America is the NBA. Do guys know that? You guys live in the NBA. In Asia, we think of America as the NBA. Its where you go to be the best at whatever youre doing. You come here to do it with other people, who are the best at what theyre doing. Like, the Chinese name for America is mei guo. That directly translates into English as beautiful country. Thats the Chinese name for America, Beautiful Country. Thats what we say when we say America in sentences. We say Beautiful Country. Have you been to Beautiful Country? They have unlimited napkins in Beautiful Country. [audience laughs] They dont give a fuck. They dont even use it. They just take it and then just throw it away. Its a Beautiful Country. China in Chinese is zhong guo. That means middle country. It means nothing! [audience laughs] We named this place better than we named our own shit! [audience laughs] Its the Beautiful Country. Lets go to the Beautiful Country. Lets leave the Middle Country. Lets go to the Beautiful Country. Risk it all to start from scratch in the Beautiful Country. And then you finally come here, and everybody hates everything. [audience laughs] [in American accent] Verizon sucks. [audience laughs] [in American accent] AT&T sucks. The TSA sucks. Fuck the TSA, trying to keep everyone alive. Fuck that. [audience laughs and applauds] [in American accent] The New York subway sucks. Los Angeles traffic sucks. Statues suck. Standing sucks. Kneeling sucks. [audience laughs and cheers] [in American accent] Congress sucks. Republicans suck. Democrats suck. Independents suck. Elon Musk sucks. Netflix… Hm. [audience laughs and cheers] [in American accent] All right, Netflix is all right. We got one right. Netflix is all right. -But Netflix on the iPad sucks! [audience laughs] [in American accent] Its an un-intuitive interface. You cant download offline viewing for every show unless its original, and I cant watch it on the plane when I fly through the air like a god. [retching] Prime Now! [retching] [audience laughs and cheers] All these first world allergies. [laughs] Everyone fighting to come in here. Everyone in here bitching. Doesnt make any sense. Its been great traveling around all over America. I have the best job ever. I get paid to travel around all of America. Try to make people laugh, meet real human beings. Not just Russian bots. -Right? Its the best. [audience laughs] Its a real privilege to get to see all of… this huge country. And I think outside of America, we think of America as like a monolith. Right? Like America, Americans, like one entity. But you live here long enough, you realize its such a big country. Every state is like its own nation unto itself. Their own cuisine, their own way of talking, their own values, their own flags. Thats why theres so much division here. Its all these different countries trying to federate. It becomes so obvious once you start living here. You can tell the difference between the different types of Americans, the different energies. Right? From East Coast to West Coast. Its so obvious. You can call it out. Like, East Coast Americans, super intense. Right? West Coast, everyone calms the fuck down a bit. [audience cheering and laughing] -Yeah. -Yeah. [cheering continues] Yeah, its like the East Coast of America, everyones still fighting the British. [audience laughs] Its like they never got over it. Every day in New York, without fail, its just like… [pants] Fuck. Im walking here! Fuck! [audience laughs] Its like genetic PTSD, right? From Assassins Creed. And then you move west, and people calm the fuck down a bit. And its reflected in state mottoes of every state. The attitudes of the people from that state reflected in the state motto. East Coast state mottoes, super intense. Because that shit was forged in the heat of battle. So the Revolution is forever imprinted into the makeup of those people, right? Like the state motto of an East Coast state… Like the state motto of New Hampshire is Live Free or Die. [audience laughs] Thats a very intense state motto. [audience laughs] All right, if youre from New Hampshire, and youre living there, at some point, you have to start questioning… Hey, how far do we take this? All right? Because… Because Im feeling a little imprisoned by this post office line right now, and I dont know, man. [yelling] Maybe I should live up to our state motto here! [audience laughs] Or like the state motto of Pennsylvania or Massachusetts. Its like another East Coast state, its like something in Latin. Like, Liberty, but only by the sword, or Ill chop your head off. Its like Game of Thrones book titles. Its a dead language. Im paraphrasing, right? Then you move west, and people calm the fuck down a bit. Like, you move southwest to Tennessee, and the state motto of Tennessee… is Agriculture and Commerce. [audience laughs] Compared to Live Free or Die… [audience laughs] Agriculture and Commerce isnt even a call to action. [audience laughs] Like, its not even, Lets do agriculture and commerce. [audience laughs] Theres no verb in that motto. Do you understand? It means theres no action word. So the sentence has no direction. Its just concepts. Its like everyone got to Tennessee, and they were like, Oh, my God! The sun here is awesome! Yeah, agriculture and… [clears throat] …commerce. Yeah, figure it out. But not today. Then you move further west, southwest to Texas. Right? And the state motto of Texas is… Anybody here know the state motto of Texas, by any chance? I wont make fun of you if you get it wrong. Lone Star State? Good guess. Thats wrong. [audience laughs] Anyone else? [woman] Dont tread on me! Dont tread on me? Great guess. Thats wrong. [audience laughs] Remember the Alamo? Bad guess. Thats wrong. [audience laughs] Youre going to let this fucking foreigner teach you about your country? All right. Your Presidents not going to like that. But thats the energy, right? What? Grab your guns. Dont fuck with Texas. Dont mess with Texas. Everythings bigger in Texas. Build the wall. Fuck your mom. [audience laughs] No, the state motto of Texas is Friendship. [audience laughs and applauds] Yo, the state motto of Texas, its the opposite… of every commonly held connotation of the state. Thats a major failing on the PR department… of the state of Texas, to get your messaging that wrong. Everyone thinks its Go fuck yourself. Its Friendship. [audience laughs] Thats 180 degrees off-message. Thats how chilled out they were. When they got to Texas, they were like, Friendship! And then you get to California, and the state motto of California is Eureka! We made it! Were as far from the British as we can get. Fuck those assholes. Legalize weed, make movies, do whatever the fuck you want! Manifest destiny! [audience laughs and cheers] Yeah, its been great meeting the different types of Americans as well. Um, think of every… the different races, different ethnicities, different cities, all different people. Of all the Americans Ive met, I think African-Americans have got to be the coolest race of them all, right? [audience cheers] Theyre the coolest. Everything they do is just cooler. Everything they touch is just smoother, right? Sports, science, music, presidencies. Right? Everything they do. [audience cheers and applauds] Yo. [cheers and applause continue] They got the swag. Black people have the swag. You cannot deny the swag. Black people have the swag. Even white supremacists are like, Yeah, they have swag. [audience laughs] Its like undeniable coolness. Like, black people are so cool, they can own their own racial slur. Okay? Thats how cool they are. No other minority in America is cool enough to own their own slur. All right, you never see Chinese people walking around just going, Hey, yo. Hey, yo, my chinks. [audience laughs] Yo, where my chinks at? Yo, holler at me, chinks. [audience cheers] My chinks. Hey, stay yellow my fellows. What. [audience laughs] Sounds awful. Its like nails on a chalkboard. [squeakily] My chinks! My chinks! My chinks! I think… America is very politically divided right now, right? A lot of things here. No matter what topic you bring up, you reduce it down to politics a lot, which eventually gets reduced down to race. I think we can all do with taking a step back from race every once in a while and just talk as human beings. And let me just tell you, I think we need more Asian people in this country. [audience cheers] Theres not enough. Theres not enough. Theres not enough. Right now, were like 5.6% of the population. Okay? We need to get the number right up. Need more Asian people in this country. Ill tell you why. Because we are the only objective referees… [audience laughs] …in the ongoing race war… between white and black people. Okay? Because you dont care about us… and we dont care about either of you. [audience laughs and applauds] So you can trust us. When we tell you things, theres no bias, right? Theres no agenda. We just give it to you straight because we dont care. [audience laughs] Like, lately, theres been a lot of skirmishes in America. Right? White people calling the police on black people for very innocuous activity, like barbecuing in the park. [audience laughs] Or like entering their own homes. [audience laughs] So, yo, next time you feel aggrieved, dont call the police. Call the Asians. [audience laughs] We will come in and arbitrate any situation for you… impartially and without bias. Because we dont care. Like, if you called us into Starbucks that day, wed be like… Yo, these two black guys? Theyre just sitting down drinking coffee. Why dont you drink your latte and shut the fuck up? [audience laughs and cheers] Yeah. [laughter and cheering continues] And you can trust us because we dont care. Because our skin is not in the game. [audience laughs] Literally, NFL, NBA, our skin is in none of those games, all right? [audience laughs] So we dont give a fuck… whos kneeling at what, okay? I dont care about your fantasy football draft analysis. We just want shit to work. Asian people in America just want shit to work. Were not distracted by the spectacle of show business. We just want things to work so we give it to you straight. You can trust us… to tell you the truth. -Okay? Okay, yeah. [audience cheers and applauds] Ugly truths, but truths nonetheless. Like, yo, white people… Yo… Bohemian Rhapsody sucks. [audience laughs] Right? Its a fucking un-danceable song. For the love of God, stop gathering in circles and chanting it at parties. [audience laughs] Okay? If you must, keep it to your shower, okay? No hatred. Theres no hatred here. Its just information, okay? Just putting it out there. Take it or leave it. I… We give it both ways, okay? We give it both ways. Yo, black people… Yo, a little noisy in the movie theater. Okay, again, no hatred. Theres no hatred here. Its just solutions. Thats all we offer. Both your people, solutions. Nothing more, nothing less. We need an Asian President, man, Im telling you. Yeah. [audience cheers] Yeah. Man or woman. Man or woman. Get that Asian President in the White House. We will fix this shit in a week. [audience laughs] I promise you, give us a solid eight days, you will see results, because we dont care. We just want things to work. Imagine harnessing the power of Asian people in government. [imitates explosion] Oh, my God. [audience laughs] All the Asians in government just going down the list of broken things, fixing it one-by-one with no agenda. Just pure logic, right? [audience laughs, cheers, and applauds] Just… Just going down the list, Live long and prosper. Thats fine, that works, thats pretty good, separation of powers is awesome, that works most of the time, thats okay, thats okay, thats fucked, thats fucked, Environmental Protection Agencys fucked, Medicares fucked… Do your fucking job! Just slapping people in the face. Right? Every nine months in this country, theres, like, a congressional gridlock. Right? Everyone always threatening a government shutdown. Government shutdown? Yo, theres no government shutdown with Asian people in charge. [audience laughs] We dont shut down for anything. [audience laughs and applauds] Yo, we dont shut down for Christmas, do you understand? [audience cheers] We work through public holidays. Any city in America, when its 3:00 a.m., and youre hungry, where do you go? You go to Chinatown. Thats where you go. [audience laughs] Because things are affordable, delicious, and open. Does that sound like a country you want to live in? We dont shut down for anything. Thanksgiving means nothing to me. [audience cheers and applauds] Do you have any idea how meaningless the concept of Thanksgiving is to me? Fuck turkey. Its dry. [audience laughs and cheers] Yeah, Id rather fix healthcare than eat turkey. How about that? Is that someone you want to charge? Please, vote for the Asians when you get a chance. Well work while youre eating. [audience laughs] And we got the votes, Asian people. We got the votes, man. Im telling you, everyone, they want us. We just need to corral it. Everybody loves us. Jewish people will vote for us, because, like I just said, were the only ones that cook for them during Christmas, okay? Theyre already loving the flavors. Italians and Greek people will vote for us, because we have a shared culture of family-based food activities. Also, we beat our children. [audience laughs] We know what it takes… to make good people. Black people… Black people will vote for us, because were not white, right? [laughs] [audience laughs and applauds] Im not saying its automatic, okay? Im just saying, all things equal… theyre gonna go with the not white, but its the tiebreaker. Thats what Im trying to say, okay? Dont take it for granted. You still gotta work for the black vote, but if you get the overtime, you have the advantage. Right? [audience laughs] Uh, and thats… [chuckles] And Latinos and Indian people will vote for us. [woman whoops] Yeah, because we… Pfft. I dont know. We have rice in our cuisine. Okay, I dont know. [audience laughs] I dont have all the answers. Im just saying theres something there. Also, we beat our children. Really, really… Really, the beating of the children is that thing that unites… most of the races into the fist that beats the children. And think of how inspirational that would be if we have the first Asian President. What an inspirational message that would send to Asian children everywhere in America. If we have the first Asian President, you could go up to Asian children, anywhere in America, you can finally say, Hey, listen, buddy. You dont have to be… just a neurosurgeon. [sobs] [audience laughs and applauds] [sobs] [crying] The sky is… Skys the limit! There is no bamboo ceiling! If you shut up and work even harder… You fucking piece of shit. [audience laughs] You gotta get behind that message. Its such a weird stereotype to have associated with your ethnicity. Right? That stereotype of Asian parents wanting their kids to be doctors. Right? Its such a weird thing to have on your race. Like, what is that? Is that good? Is that bad? I thought it was a good thing. Apparently, its worthy of mockery. Right? Asian parents wanting their kids to be doctors. Its weird because its true. Right? I know because my parents were the same way. They just wanted us to be doctors. It was like this obsession. They just wanted us to be doctors. And its insidious as well, because when Asian parents want their kids to be doctors, helping people is, like, on the bottom of the list of reasons. [audience laughs applauds] Oh, if it even makes the list… of reasons to go into medicine. Helping people is, like, the unfortunate by-product… [audience laughs] of becoming a healthcare professional. Like, when they first see that they cant even believe it. Theyre like, What the fuck? You gotta help people? Well, whatever, get it out of the way. But dont let it get in the way of what this is really about. Its about the money and the prestige, right? Its the money and the prestige. Because if youre a first-generation immigrant, your children becoming doctors is the quickest way you can turn it around in one generation. Instant credibility, instant respectability, instant money. Right? You flip the clan narrative around. Boom! Started from the bottom, now we here. Were doctors! [laughs] [audience laughs] And its also weird because Asian parents are also the last group of people you can ever convince to see a doctor. [audience laughs, cheers, and applauds] Yo, these fucking people will never see a doctor. They spend their whole lives obsessing over it. Nothing can make my mom see a doctor. Theres nothing… My mom can have an arrow going right through her. [pants] And shes trying to pull it out like Rambo, right? And youre like, Yo, Mom, lets go see a doctor. And my mom will be like, No. They just want to take peoples money. [audience laughs and applauds] Then youre like, Then why do you want your kids to be doctors so badly? [strained] Because I want my kids to take other peoples money, obviously! [pants] The fact that you dont understand that is the reason why you never became a doctor. [groans] -[audience laughs] Because Chinese people love money. We love that shit. Chinese people fucking love money. Okay? You think rappers love money? Yo, we love money… [audience laughs] …more than anyone. Chinese people love everything about it. We love making it, love spending it, we love giving it, we love receiving it, we love throwing it up in the air. Yo, Chinese people love money so much, we have a god of money. [audience laughs] Of all the gods in Chinese Taoism, theres one god, hes the god of money. Caishenye, we pray to him… for more money! Every day, we go, Hey, god of money… [audience laughs] …give us more money. And he gives us more money. Very fickle god. Doesnt care about inflation, right? No understanding of basic principles of macroeconomics, just… Just throwing out gold ingots if you ask for it at the right time. Heres some money. Burn some incense. Heres some money, man. Even during Chinese New Year, the biggest holiday for Chinese people, Chinese New Year, when we see each other during Chinese New Year, the way we greet each other is we say, gong xi fa cai, or gong hei fat choy in Cantonese. Im sure youve heard that, at least peripherally, Gong xi fa cai. Gong xi fa cai means, Hope you get rich! [audience laughs] [audience cheers and applauds] Thats not Happy New Year. [audience laughs] Do you understand, the go-to phrase during Chinese New Year isnt, Hey, happy New Year. Its, Yo, hope you get rich. [audience laughs] Hope you get rich. Hope you get richer than all these other motherfuckers. Hope you get so fucking rich, man. Hope you get rich and also hope… You better hope I get rich. We can hope each other… Both get rich together. [audience laughs] [chuckles] Yeah, theres no context for Asian storytelling… in America. Like, I talk about a god of money here, everyone looks at me like Im a Scientologist. Right? Hes real. [audience laughs] Hes real, man. Burn your incense. -Make some money. [audience laughs] Yeah, I moved to America in September 2015, and I thought I got here just in time for that last bit of Obamas America. Like, I thought I snuck in here for that last lap of Obamas presidency and, like, this new golden age in America, and instead I got here just in time for Donald Trumps America. Thats like buying tickets to Beyoncé, and instead its Donald Trump. [audience laughs] And youre expecting, All the single ladies, all the single ladies, all the single ladies. But instead, its the same hand grabbing people by the pussy. [audience laughs] Single or married, it doesnt matter. Coming for… [grunts] [audience laughs] Yeah, I moved… Moved straight to New York City. Another dream come true for me, moving to New York City as a stand-up comedian. New York City is like the Mecca. Its like… You know, you can do, like, ten shows a night, easy. All my comedy heroes came from New York City. Theres a real creative energy there. Ive been lucky to live in a few cities in my life. I used to live in Johor Bahru, Malaysia, I used to live in Singapore. I used to live in Melbourne, Australia. New York City is the only city Ive lived in where people fight subway trains… and win. [audience laughs and applauds] Like, any other city on the planet, when the train doors start to close… Bee, beep, beep, beep. …that means that train is departed. Okay? Youre supposed to shut up and wait patiently for the next train. Oh, not in New York. In New York, if you can slip a piece of paper in between those doors, one millimeter of space, thats all you need. You got a fighting chance. People take it for granted now, strolling up to closing train doors in New York, just uppercutting them in the… [audience laughs] …in that black rubber part, like thats the personal open button for every commuter on the train. Just bam! This train aint leaving till I get on board. Wheres my ticket? Right here, buddy. Like, my first week in New York, uh, I was on this crowded subway train, and it was packed all the way to the doors, right? Im on the train, packed all the way to the doors, and the doors start closing in front of me. And as the doors start closing, this guy, like, walks up to the closing train doors, -and just jams his fingers… [audience laughs] …just right into the door. No regard for his limbs or appendages. Like, his need to get on this train exceeded his need to grip things. [audience laughs] He did a cost-benefit analysis in his head. And he was like, You know what? This is overrated. Right? Who needs this motion? Who needs this point of articulation, right? Lets get on this train. My life will be perfect. So, he just creates enough of a gap to start fighting, and he fights this train for eight seconds. He just fights it to a stalemate. Okay? Its a judges decision. He cant move the train, the train cant move, no one can move. And after eight seconds, he gets, like, tired. He starts gassing out. [pants] So he uses his head to jam up the doors. [audience laughs] Like a doorstop. As he readjusts his grip, right, he starts to chalk up his hands for round two. And Im standing there, just facing the top of his oily scalp… [audience laughs] Just thinking, Yo, man, just let it go, all right? Im new in town. Im not sure if Im supposed to help you, or if were both going to get arrested, okay? I dont know the social etiquette in this situation. [audience laughs] All I know is theres a train in three minutes. [audience laughs] This is the ACE line in Manhattan, all right? If you let this go, we will all get to where we need to go to quicker. But hes like, No, this is the one, man! This is the last train ever! And he fought the train… for, like, four more seconds… and he won! He won. The train tapped out. Right, it was like, All right, gotta respect your ground game. Full mount to omoplata is out of control. Anyone else wanna run in at the last minute? Its not like we have a schedule to keep or anything. And thats the problem with America right there. Too many civil liberties. [audience laughs] Theres too much freedom here. You guys took your Bill of Rights and just ran with it. That shit would never fly in Malaysia. Where Im from, in Malaysia, you stick your hand in the door, the doors close, you get dragged for like a mile. [audience laughs] Right? Right? You get brought to your knees by the system. As the train runs over you, it starts going after your family, right? You start… You start, like, bleeding out on the tracks. The doors open. We all walk over your dead corpse. [audience laughs] Yeah, thats what you get, you dumb fuck. [audience laughs] Not in America. In America, one man… can stop the entire train line. Because everyone can make a difference. [audience laughs, cheers, and applauds] Yeah. [laughs] Yeah, its been great living in America. Yeah, New York City, its a great city, but by any objective measure, its like… its just barbaric, right? [laughs] If you compare it to other cities… Like, if you go to Japan, any city in Japan– Anyone here been to Japan, by any chance? [audience cheers] Yeah, Japan… Japans, like, awesome, right? Its, like, the future. If you go to Japan, everyones so polite and friendly. Very courteous, very conscientious society in general, right? Practical application of advanced technology in Japan. They have toilets in Japan that can wash your asshole. [audience laughs] Did you know that? I bring news from the Orient! [audience laughs] In Japan, they have toilets that can wash your asshole clean. [audience laughs] And theyve had this now for decades. This isnt Best of 2015 on BuzzFeed, okay? This was mastered and implemented in the 70s. Everyone has one. Its by default they have it, right? Restaurants, homes, hotels, everyone has one, and it works. I was skeptical, too. [audience laughs] First time I saw one, I was like, Theres no way this thing works. Its a fucking gimmick. Oh, how wrong I was. [audience laughs] Hot jet stream of water… on target every time. [audience laughs] How is it on target every time? It never has an off day. Its like Steph Curry from the free throw line, just automatic. [audience laughs] On target every time. How? How? How? Its like every toilet in Japan has a camera and a guy aiming it in the back. [audience laughs] Hes the same guy who carries your luggage up to your hotel room. [audience laughs] And… And people in the West dont really know this, but Chinese people and Japanese people have, like, beef stretching from World War II, because in World War II, Japan did tons of war atrocities to Chinese people. Rape, torture, human experimentation, the whole nine yards. China, all the way down Southeast Asia. Thailand, Malaysia, Singapore, Philippines, Vietnam, Indonesia. And people in the West dont really know this, because theres no Schindlers List for Chinese people, okay? [audience laughs] No one made a dope black and white movie about it in the West, so its not common knowledge. If you didnt know it, Im not calling you out. If you didnt know that, why would you? Thats not your story. It happened on the other side of the planet, okay? Why would you know that? Im not calling you out. If you didnt know, Im just letting you know it happened. Okay, if you grew up in Singapore, like I did, they never let you forget it. [audience laughs] In Singapore, its, Never forget. They did that. Never forget. They did that shit. Every year, a new documentary drama series detailing the atrocities that happened during the Japanese occupation of Southeast Asia. Never forget. They did that! And if you grew up in Singapore and Malaysia with that swirling around your head, and you go visit Japan for the first time, right, with a lifetime of that stuff still in your head, and youre in Japan, and everyones super polite and friendly, and theres, like, Sailor Moon, right? [audience laughs] And theres toilets that wash your ass. You cant help but wonder… how did these guys go from rape, torture, and human experimentation to Pokémon… [audience laughs] …in one generation? [scoffs] -[audience laughs] So Im just saying… if we give ISIS a couple decades… [audience laughs] …maybe theyll cure cancer, okay? You dont know. You dont know what the future holds. Might be judging them on a very harsh period of their history right now. [man cackling] Okay, mixed reaction to that. Thats fair enough. [audience laughs] But you know what? Its a comedy show, not a TED Talk. Okay? Calm the fuck down! Everyones asshole clenched up so tight, a Japanese toilet couldnt wash it. [audience laughs] Yeah, like I said, I used to live in Australia. I started doing comedy in Australia. Um… Australia was always really good to me. Uh… My wife is Australian, and I love my wife a lot. I love my wife so much, I married her three times. Thats right. I married the same woman three separate times. Why? Because when you have Asian parents, you have to get married… in every fucking country you have relatives in. [audience laughs] Because Asian parents have to brag, okay? And I know every parent has to brag. Im not trying to take anything away from anyone. Im just saying Asian parents also have to brag, and, like, weddings is how they do it. Like, Asian weddings for baby boomers, Asian baby boomers, it was the original Instagram, okay? [audience laughs] It is how they catch up with everybody. Its how they get the likes. Its how they get the dopamine hit. Its how they leave comments. Why so skinny? Why so fat? Why arent you married? Why dont you have a baby? Whats wrong with your balls? [audience laughs] They say shit to your face that reviewers on the internet wouldnt say. [audience laughs] So we had to get married three times. So the first wedding we had in Melbourne, Australia, because my wife is from Melbourne, Australia. Then we got married in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia, even though Im not from Kuala Lumpur, but who gives a fuck what the groom wants, right? [audience laughs] Lets just find the nearest landmark in Malaysia everyone can pronounce with the most direct flights. [audience laughs] And then we got married in New York for green card purposes. -Okay, so… [audience laughs] Three very romantic weddings, for the right reasons. Chain migration, and… [audience laughs and applauds] Let me tell you something. [man] Whoo! Let me speak from the heart here for just one minute. If you take nothing else away from the show here tonight, please just hear me now. Okay, Im speaking from personal experience here. There are fewer joys you will experience in life… than organizing three weddings at the same time. [audience laughs] Oh, my God! Its so much fun and so easy to do. [audience laughs] I highly recommend it. In fact, its so much fun, after you organize three weddings… [laughs cynically] …you should just kill yourself immediately! Because it turns out youll never experience as much joy as you do… than when youre trying to organize three wedding simultaneously. In fact, the only way you can experience more joy, is if you organize those three weddings as far away from your physical location as possible. Because youll find that the enjoyment-versus-distance graph increases exponentially the further away the weddings are from your physical body. So fun and cheap. [audience laughs] So the first wedding in Melbourne, Australia, Im sending out the wedding invites, right, and Im going… going all the way with these things, not holding back. Everything, gold embossed lettering with the lace and the holograms. Its, like, $20 an invite. At this point, its cheaper to write the invitation on money, okay? [audience laughs] We should write the invitation on money and serve cash at the reception. -Well save some money. [audience laughs] So, Im sending these things out, and on the back of the invite, my wife is like, You have to put your email address on the back of the invite so my friends can email in their dietary requirements. White people dietary requirements. [audience laughs] Holy fuck! Yo, theres no dietary requirements. Okay? Chinese weddings in Malaysia, theres no dietary requirements. Chinese weddings in Malaysia, everyone shows up, we eat, some people die, and then we go home. [audience laughs] [audience cheers and applauds] Makes the race stronger! [audience laughs] Were not customizing meals for weak genes! Thousands of years of Chinese weddings, people show up and die, -no one complains. [audience laughs] No ones every written a bad Yelp review because they died at a Chinese wedding. [sobbing] What a tragedy. We collectively accept that as a possibility. Okay, because life is risky. I was expecting the usual, reasonable dietary requirements. Right? Gluten allergy, vegan, shellfish allergy, peanut allergy. Keeping it reasonable. Oh, my God! The shit we got back. [audience laughs] Spreadsheets… of genetic failures. [audience laughs and applauds] One after the other, each more pathetic than the last. [breathlessly] Excuse me, Ronny! Excuse me! I cant eat figs! [pants] Excuse me, Ronny. I cant eat red pepper. Green pepper is fine, but red pepper makes my mouth red. Excuse me, Ronny. I cant eat fried garlic. Does this have fried garlic? I have to pick the fried garlic out of the bok choy. Excuse me, Ronny. I cant eat lettuce. This san choy bau is wrapped in lettuce. I cant eat it! From the same person. [audience laughs] Yo, dietary requirements is a serious issue. Okay? Its a medical condition. It means if you eat this, you could die. Its not license to tell me what textures you dont enjoy. [audience laughs] These motherfuckers trying to influence the menu! [audience laughs] Anyway, I had a great time at my wedding. It was awesome. [audience laughs] Uh, I love my wife a lot. My wife says that I have tone issues, so… [audience groans] Everything I say sounds sarcastic or angry. [audience laughs] [angrily] Apparently. [audience laughs] But listen to the words, not the tone, please. [angrily] I had a great wedding. Id do it again in a heartbeat. It was awesome. [audience laughs] [sarcastically] Three was not enough. Your friends are amazing. [audience laughs] I love my wife a lot, but marriage has definitely made me a worse person. Before I got married, I used to care because I was trying to get laid. Now I dont care anymore, okay? All I care about is my wifes opinion about me and her well-being. Thats all I care about. I dont give a fuck about any of this other… Idiots on the internet… Even her friends come and talk to my wife, Hey, Ronny! Im like, Fuck this shit. I just gotta walk away. [audience laughs] Like, when my wifes friends come and talk to me, I cant even muster the bare minimum that society requires of me to interact with this person. Its like, Hey, Ronny, how are you? Im like, Fuck this. I gotta walk away. [audience laughs] Because when my wifes friends find out I do stand-up comedy, what follows is the worst conversation… in the history of humanity. And it happens over and over and over again. Same thing every single time. Its like, Oh, hey, Ronny. Hey, wow. You do stand-up comedy? Oh, wow. Hey, Ron, whens your next show? Well, I do five to six shows a night, every single night in New York City. So I guess my next show will be tonight or tomorrow depending on what time of day were having this conversation. Oh, wow! Thats really cool. Whens your next big show? I dont really differentiate between big or small shows. I try to bring everything I have to every show I do, so I guess my next… big show will be my next show, which will be today or tomorrow, as per our previous excruciating interaction. Oh, wow, thats really cool. Well, can you let me know next time youre doing a show? [audience laughs] Well… [sighs] …like I just said… [audience laughs] I do five to six shows a night, minimum, every single night in New York City. Theres no possible way I could let you know… the next time youre doing a show. That kind of notification wouldnt be feasible for you or for me to receive, so I guess the answer is no. No, I cannot… let you know. Okay, well, are you gigging next Saturday? Because Im free next Saturday in the city so if youre around, maybe I can come around and watch you perform… [yelling] Listen, man! Im not going to roll out a red carpet for you every time I go to work! Okay? You come, or you dont! Its on Twitter. Its on my website. Figure it out! Everyone else figured it out! [audience laughs] [audience applauds] So… [audience whistling and cheering] So to avoid that timeline from happening, right? Thats like the worst possible reality. And Im like a conversation Precog at this point. I can detect conversation crimes before they happen, okay? Just in my vat of milk, just watching that wooden ball road down the counter, like Tom Cruise, Ill jump in and cut off that reality before it blossoms into full-blown asshole reality. I cut it off at the bud, so when my wifes friends come and talk to me, and they go, Hey, Ronny, you do stand-up comedy? Oh, wow, whens your next show? [audience laughs] I just say… [exhales deeply] No, its okay. [audience laughs] Then my wife here says, ‘No, its okay, is not an answer to the question… [audience laughs] …when my friends ask you when your next show is. Okay, sorry. Could you give me one second? What do you want me to say? What the fuck you want me to say? Because every time we have this conversation, it goes nowhere good. So what do you want me to say? Just say you dont do comedy. Its easier if you say you dont do comedy. All right, fine. Next time your friends ask me, Ill say I dont do comedy. I dont do shit. Im a useless husband. All I do is sit on my fat ass all day reviewing things. [audience laughs] [sighs heavily] So, yeah, tone issues is something Ive been working on… [audience laughs] [sighs] …for the last five to six years, really. Its been an ongoing battle. Its been an ongoing battle between my wife and my tone. [audience laughs] Myself as a neutral third-party, of course. [inhales] And I got to say, I see good people on both sides, okay? -So I dont know. [audience laughs] Yeah, I got married at 9:00 a.m. on a Sunday in Melbourne, Australia. That was my… That was the tea ceremony in Melbourne, Australia. Thats the most traditional Chinese part of the wedding. We do it in the morning. Families come. We serve tea to everybody. Other stuff happens. It never ends, stuff keeps happening, but thats when it starts, okay? Then after that, we have a dinner, and all that fucking bullshit. But it starts at 9:00 a.m. Thats the tea ceremony. So I booked my flight to leave New York City… at 10:00 p.m. on a Friday. And with the time zone difference and length of the flight, Id reach Melbourne just in time, 9:00 a.m., to attend my own wedding. Um… And I was cutting it close. Not because I wanted to, but because I had to work to pay off three fucking weddings, okay? [audience laughs] I cant just take leave whenever I want. I have to work to the limit, jump on a plane, and attend my own wedding, okay? Because, guess what? This shit aint free. And my wife hates it when I say that, so I say it every single time, okay? [audience laughs] I gotta work to the limit, make money, jump on a plane, and then get to my wedding. So, at 3:00 p.m. on the Friday of the flight, my wife calls me, and shes, like– In The Daily Show office, she calls me, and shes like… Why arent you on your way to the airport? At this point, my wife is in Australia, and my wife calls me at 3:00 p.m. in the Midtown Manhattan Daily Show office, and she says, Why arent you on your way to the airport? And I say, Why would I go to the airport at 3:00 p.m. for a 10:00 p.m. flight? [audience laughs] And my wife immediately starts crying. [breathes deeply] She says, Because its not a 10:00 p.m. flight. Its a 6:00 p.m. flight, you fucking idiot. -[Ronny clicks tongue] [audience laughs] So, apparently, I made a small mistake there. Um… [audience laughs] I thought it was a 10:00 p.m. flight leaving JFK in New York City. It was actually a 6:00 p.m. flight leaving JFK. At 3:00 p.m., I was still in The Daily Show Midtown Manhattan office, and to make this flight, I would have to go home, pack… [audience laughs] …fight through Friday Manhattan rush hour traffic to get to JFK in time for an international flight in three hours to attend my own wedding. Herculean task, I know, but guess what? I believe in myself. -So… [audience laughs] …my wife immediately starts crying. Shes like… [sobs] How can you let this happen? I hang up the phone. I throw it against the wall. Because now is not the time for negative energy! [audience laughs and applauds] Okay? [audience cheers] Thats right. We are in problem-solving mode. Okay? Theres plenty of time at a later date to assign blame to all parties responsible… [audience laughs] …for this fucking fiasco. But for the moment, can we just focus on positive energy and solutions only? Thank you. So I hang up the phone, throw it against the wall, and I run home. Fifteen minutes, I sprint home. And I get home in 15 minutes, and I pack in five minutes. I know I packed in five minutes because as soon as I got home, I said, Alexa, time five minutes. And then… [audience laughs] …Alexa was like, Would you also like me to buy you a watch and a clock? I was like, Buy whatever the fuck you want. I dont have time for this now. Okay, well, Im going to buy all that stuff right now! Then some guy came to my house immediately. I was like, Get the fuck out of my house! I took my luggage and I put my tux in there, one t-shirt, and one sock, cause there was gonna be a crazy after-party, and then I zipped up my luggage, and I ran downstairs. I hit the New York City street level with my luggage. Crucial decision to make: Do you take the taxi, or do you take the subway? Okay? And Google Maps says that the taxi will be an hour and a half through traffic. Google Maps says that the subway will be 59 minutes. So I go, Okay, fuck it. Im going to take the subway. Because I cant live with taking a taxi, and getting stuck in traffic, and missing this flight. Ill take the subway. At least Im always in motion. And if I miss the flight, Ill just find a new wife, all right? So… [audience laughs] So I take my luggage. I run down the New York City subway stairs, holding my luggage. Im running down the New York City subway stairs. I hit the New York City subway platform, and theres a train right there. And its doors start closing in front of me. [audience laughs and applauds] And I go… [yelling] I know what to do in this situation! [grunts] And Im trying to put my head in the door, and I cant… I cant get to the door in time. I cant even reach it. Even my hand, I cant even reach it. Its too far away. Im trying to make the trade with the train gods. Im like, Take my hand, train gods, for safe passage. Its worth it. Take it. And I cant reach the door. And the doors are closing, and this black guy is standing right at the door. And he sees me doing this. And we make eye contact. And then he just puts his foot right on the door. [audience cheers] Yeah. And the door is, like, slamming against him the whole time, but he doesnt give a fuck because hes black, right? [audience laughs] Slamming against him… And he looks at me and hes like, Get the fuck in the… I was like, Shit! Hes holding it open for me. So I grab my luggage. I jump in the subway. Im like… [breathlessly] Oh my God. Thank you. Thank you so much. Oh, my God! You dont understand what you just did, man. You just saved my… You just saved my wedding. You just saved my marriage. You definitely saved my life. And this guy, hes black so hes, like, too cool for school. And hes like, Nah, dont worry about it. [audience laughs] And Im like, No, you dont understand. Im, like, trying to make him understand, like, what just happened. Like, look at this text message. And he starts getting weirded out by me, hes like… Fuck this. And he, like, leaves to the next carriage. And I realize Im being the creepy person on the train right now. Because Im sweating, holding my luggage, Im not wearing pants, Im going, Thank you! [yelling] Thank you so much! Thank you! Thank you, everybody! Can someone spare some change, please? Can you please spare some change? Anything helps. And so instead of trying to thank him in the moment, which is way too creepy a move, I just take a photo of his face when he isnt looking, all right? [audience laughs] So at a later date, when I have enough Instagram followers, I can post this photo and be like, Does anybody know this guy? ‘Cause he fucking saved my wedding! Also, sometimes I look at his face when Im feeling sad. [audience laughs] It was a dream run. Dream run to the airport. Fifty-nine minute dream run, then plus the AirTrain, all that bullshit. And the saving grace was that it was an international flight, but the first leg is domestic. So its New York to LA, LA back to Melbourne, Australia. And if its a domestic flight, if you get there an hour beforehand, youre good. So I get there at, like, 4:55 p.m. 6:00 p.m. flight. You get there before 5:00 p.m. youre good. I get there are 4:55 p.m. I take my luggage. I check that shit in. Im like, Did I make it? Theyre like, You made it. Youre fine. Im like, Oh, my God! Thank you! [laughs] I cant believe I made it. Im in the lounge sipping champagne by 5:15 p.m. [audience laughs] Im like, Im a genius. My wife calls me. Shes still crying. Shes like, How can you let this happen? Im like, Hey, baby, no, dont worry. I made it. I checked in. Im waiting to board. Everythings gonna be okay. But it doesnt change the fact that you forgot the time and you risked everything– And I hang up the phone. I throw it against the wall. [audience laughs] Because now is not the time for commiseration, okay? We just went through some serious challenges in our relationship. Theres plenty of time at a later date to assign blame to all parties responsible for this fucking fiasco. But for the moment, can we just focus on the present and celebrate successes as they come? Thank you. [audience laughs] So I hang up the phone. I throw it against the wall. And at 5:15 p.m., Im sipping champagne… [sips] [sighs] And at 5:30 p.m., theres a four-hour flight delay. [audience laughs] So by the time I get to LA, I missed the connection back to Melbourne, Australia, and so I missed the tea ceremony. I missed the most traditional Chinese part of the wedding. All the families were there. They were very upset. My in-laws were upset, my own family was upset, my wife was definitely upset. Our marriage started off on a very rocky term. Im still making up for it to all parties involved, my in-laws and my own parents. But thats not the point. The point is… [audience laughs] …that the black guy stood in the subway… [audience laughs] …he put his foot on the door… [audience applauds] -…and he held the door open… like a real American exercising his right to fuck up the entire train line for one person, but he did for someone else! He did it for someone else! Which is what this beautiful country is about. Its using the freedoms we have to help other people who dont have that many freedoms… [audience cheers and applauds] …who dont have what we have here. You guys have been awesome. Thanks for listening. Ill see you guys later. Thank you. [audience cheers and applauds] Thank you! [cheering and applause continue] [The Evening Primrose (Ye Lai Xiang) by Li Xianglan plays] [woman singing in Chinese]

RAMY YOUSSEF@FEELINGS@2019@Welcome to the meeting. Are you Mohammed? No, cause this dude texted me, and he was like, Yo, can I… He hit me up. He was like, Oh, can I get a ticket to your show? And I didnt have his number saved. And I was like, Just tell me your name. Ill put you on the list. And he just wrote back, Mohammed, and… And I was like, Yeah, man. Im sure itll be there when you get here, yeah. Yeah, Ill put it on the list. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just Mohammed plus one. Theres no way anyone else takes it… …before you come. So I hope youre here. I… Ive been thinking a lot about how we know what we know and how that affects the way we treat each other. And I feel like, as a Muslim, so much of my life has been defined by all these things that I have no control over. Which is why I dont believe anything that I see in the news. I cant really believe the police, cant believe institutions. All that being said… Jussie Smollett was definitely lying. Like, he fucking lied. Like, hes… That shit did not happen. And if you dont know what happened with Jussie, just a little refresher: in an era where hate crimes are happening all the time, it seems like he made one up. He said he was beat up by two Trumps… …but it turned out to be two Obamas. Big plot twist. And… I feel bad for him. I dont know if anybody else does, but I feel bad for this dude. Like, I think about the facts of his life. Hes black in America. On top of that, hes gay. On top of that, hes on Empire. Its a terrible show. I mean its like… and if you know anything about show business, those contracts, thats… thats slavery, and… He… I think he got in his head. You know, I think we create our own realities, and I think that violence happening to someone like him is a very real thing. And he convinced himself, one day, this shit is gonna happen to me. So he was like, you know, Let me just… get ahead of it. You know what I mean? Like, you ever been in a relationship, and youre like, Aw, man, shes gonna break up with me. I gotta do it first. Right? I think what he did was… You know, I mean, it was nothing like that, but he… I got nothing. I cant defend him. I really cant. I just… I wish he had made it about something bigger than himself. I think thats why you get into a situation like this. Youre just in your head, youre only thinking about yourself. But he had the whole world looking at him. I wish people would just do something with that moment. Like, if I were him, I wouldve made it seem like it was my plan the whole time. Like, the second I got caught, I wouldve called a press conference and been like, Okay. Now that I have your attention… The icecaps are melting. This isnt even Chicago. Its stolen Navajo land. Like, are we gonna talk about the crimes of this country? Instead, he was like, I want more money on Empire. And it… I think… it doesnt matter if he was lying or not. I just think were being really hard on him. ‘Cause theres something about what he did that I could see doing. Theres just this small thing, because we all lie. Were all afraid to be who we actually are, and we tell these little lies every day to just get by. And theres something about the seed of what he did that Im like, yeah, its not crazy. Its not like hes a serial killer or something. He just did the thing we all do. And we love seeing liars get caught. Its why theres two documentaries about Fyre Fest. Like, we… are obsessed. ‘Cause weve all had our own Fyre Fest. Weve all told somebody this weekend is going to be amazing. And all we had was a shitty cheese plate. So we are all Jussie Smollett. Je suis Smollett. Thats how its pronounced. Im not gonna let them do this, man. They put up his mugshot next to R. Kelly‘s, and they were like, We got him! Like its the same thing. That R. Kelly shit was horrifying. I watched it, watched the documentary. The women were crying, I was crying. And then they were like, At this point, he recorded ‘Ignition. And then they played Ignition, and I was like, Fuck, that song is so good! Like, its so good! Like, the beat is so good. The second I heard the beat, I was like, Are we gonna hear his side of things? Like, he… Really? He doesnt get to talk? And I know he did it. Its just that distrust, man. ‘Cause Im just so used to seeing stories get spun. You see it all the time. Some random crime will happen, a day later theyll be like, And he recently converted to Islam. Theyll just, like, throw it in there. Thats why I had to watch the whole R. Kelly doc. You know? I was just waiting for them to find the Quran. Its like I know its gonna happen. Episode six, youre gonna go in the booth. You think hes singing a song, but hes like, Allahu Akbar. And youre like, Oh my God. That would be devastating to the Muslim community. R. Kelly doing the call to prayer? ‘Cause it would be the most beautiful call to prayer… …that wed ever heard. He made people believe they could fly. Like, he would… …make you believe in Islam, like, without a doubt. Without a doubt. Its the music. It makes you forget. Music can do crazy shit. Its how Michael got away with it. I got so mad at the moms in the Michael Jackson thing, cause they know their kid is sleeping next to Michael Jackson. Like a baseline fact. Like, Arabs would never let that shit happen. Wed be like, We dont even let sleepovers happen between kids, like… Not allowed. These parents knew. And I got so mad, but then I realized, okay, I dont know the Michael Jackson that they knew. Like, Im younger, I only know white Michael. Right? Like, the Michael I grew up with, its like, No, were not hanging out. I dont know what you are, I dont know whats happening. Audio only. I cant deal with that. But they grew up with the most famous person on Earth. Theres so much power in that. I gotta think about that. Im like, man, what if the most famous person to me wanted to hang out with my kid? Could I say no? Like, would I let my son sleep next to LeBron James? I dont know. If LeBron was like, Nah, man, were just… dribbling and… and… Im teaching him how to shoot, and, you know, theres a little bed by the court. And sometimes we just crash out. And when he sleeps next to me, I feel like I could beat the Warriors. That would hit me hard. That would hit me hard because Id just be like, Fuck, I… I hate the Warriors. That super-team was so unfair. Like, you really think you could beat them? And LeBron would be like, I know I could… if hes by my side. Id be like, Oh, man… All right, get in there, Omar. Like… Like, just to make the league more fair, like, I would just… I would have to. I would have to. Now it looks really weird. Like, Neverland Ranch? What? He built a theme park? How did they not see it? But at the time those moms were just like, Oh shit, no lines. Do you have any idea how hard it is to be a mom? Youre like, All right, one thing could be easier. It doesnt seem weird when its happening. Like, LeBron just built a school for kids in Ohio. Its called I Promise. And were all like, Wow, thats amazing! But within a couple years… were all gonna be like, Fuck. What did he make those kids promise? No, I think LeBrons a good dude, but… also, you heard it here first, and… I dont know what I would do with my son, I really dont. ‘Cause I grew up in a family that didnt talk about sex at all. Like, theres Muslims here. Do you guys talk about sex with your family? – No. – No. Whoa, yeah, right? Still havent. I know. We had a sex talk. I say we because my sister and I had it at the same exact time. Like my dad just wanted to get it out of the way. Like, really quick. Just sat us down. He was just like, Girls, no boys. Boys, no boys.… Like, thats the talk. Theres no, like, This is what you do. This is how you meet somebody. Nothing, nothing. I was so confused. But Im starting to feel like were all really confused about sex. Like, as a country, I dont think we really know what it is. Right? You can see it. Like, these stories happen, no one has any idea how to react. Something will happen, it hits the news, Half the country is like, Thats assault. The other half is like, Thats how we met. Fuck. Fuck, you cant do that? We told the kids that. Thats our story. And then a bunch of dudes are like, Can we even hug anymore? And its like, Well, not you. No, youre on a list. Like, I dont know where hugs came from, from that. I, personally, I believe all the women, all the women whove come forward who say that something happened. I dont think they have any reason to lie. They dont get famous, I dont know any of their names. The other reason I believe them is men. Like, were not good. Were really not. Like, maybe some of us were raised a little better, or maybe some of us are just busier, but… Like, on a baseline level, were not good. We can sexualize any situation, any situation. I realized this when the Weinstein stuff first happened. I was talking to a friend of mine. She was like, All this non-consensual stuff, its been going on for so long, but at least, now, everybodys talking about it. And I was like, Yeah, we gotta talk about it. Lets talk about it. Do you wanna, like… I dont know, come over later and maybe we could talk about it? You know, because I dont know, I feel like if we have consensual sex, thats how we fight back. Because change happens on a local level, and like thats… Like, if we fuck, Trump gets mad, and… Its… its disgusting. Its disgusting, we never stop. Like, none of the details of it… Like, people were like, Oh, how could Harvey jerk off into a plant? And every dude is like, Well, what kind of plant? I mean, its… If its not one of the spiky ones, like, I… Maybe. Im trying to stop all the creepy behavior, all the little things, even things that dont seem weird. Like, Im not liking any womens posts online after 10 p.m. Thats aggressive. No, really, like youre liking a womans photo at three in the morning. Its not about the photo. Its about something else. Its not right. Youre not suddenly into her trip to Mexico. Like, I dont… Im not part of it anymore, seriously. Like, if I see something I like late at night, I do the right thing. I save the link, I go back in the morning. All right, 10 a.m., thats a real like. Thats just like, Hey, this is good content. Thank you. Keep posting. Its the energy I wanna put out there, you know? Sometimes I, I just… wish Id never had sex. Anyone ever feel like that? Like… I didnt, I didnt think I was gonna have sex until I got married. That was… that was my plan. I think about my life before I did, I was so happy. I was so happy. Like, I… I loved everything, I loved every movie. If there was a movie on, I was just like, Look at that, they did it. Just, like, happy for the production. Then I had sex, and I was just like, Aw, man, the fucking cinematographer sucks. The plot made no sense. Like, once you have sex, you care about plot, and its so… All of a sudden you, like, hate Christopher Nolan, and its like, no… you hate yourself. ‘Cause you know everythings so complicated. And I wanted to wait, I really did. Because, look, I believe in God. Like, God God. And I know how weird it sounds because its such a crazy thing. It sounds nuts because you say, I believe in God, and then theres like, Well, and heres who I hate. Theres always this, like, list that it comes with. The statement means a lot. Its loaded. Its like, we all live in America, but you ever hear the person whos like, I love America? Then youre like, Oh fuck. He has a gun. I think he says the ‘N word, definitely in traffic. Theres no way this dude doesnt. Thats how I feel like when I say it, because I know its crazy. Because its always like, well, this is what I think, but this whole thing that it comes with that Im not part of. And I get it, you know, and I dont feel like it has to come with this whole list of negative shit. Its not like, okay, I believe in God, that means we have to hate gay people. Ive always accepted gay people. I remember the moment that I really understood them. Like, I knew what they were going through, I knew how they felt. Ill never forget this. I was… I was watching this porn, and… …and, look, it wasnt one of those nasty porns where theyre like, Get in the van, or whatever, like… No, seriously, like, it was super organic. Like, I think theyre in love. I really… I only watch if I think theyre in love, because I believe in God, and I would… Seriously, I… And Ill never forget this. Im watching this porn, and everything is going great. Woman takes off her clothes, she looks awesome. She goes over to the dude, she pulls down his pants. The second I saw this dudes dick, I clicked out of the video, cause it was too weird. And in that moment it hit me. I was like, Oh, shit. Theres a type of dick I dont like. Yeah, that means theres a type of dick I do like. Like, I didnt even think I liked dick. The second I saw this dudes dick I was like, What the fuck is this shit? Wheres the one Im used to, you know? Youre like, all of a sudden, I was getting picky? So yeah, theres a group of people who have a stronger opinion. Cant stop anyones preference. Because we all have our things that we bring to it, you know? Like, I have my stuff with… Like, I… Man, sex, its an intimate thing. And Ive never had sex without a condom. Like, I just… I cant do it. Its too much. – Anybody else? – Woo! Really? Is everyone just raw-dogging it all the time? You guys arent worried about, like, kids, STDs? Like, I dont even know which is worse. Its so… That skin to skin is so much responsibility, seriously. Like, I slipped in once without a condom for a second. It felt so good, but… the second I slipped in, I had a fucking mortgage. Like, my son needed braces. And we got him the braces. And he wore them, and they cost all this money, but then he wouldnt wear his retainer. And I was like, Come on, buddy. Just put the retainer on. We already did all this work. And he was like, No, fuck you, Dad. Fuck you, Im going to LeBrons. Fuck. It happens so quick. Honestly, thats why I really think sex feels better with a condom. I really do. Like, not… Dude, I know, but not in the moment, but it feels better on Monday. You know, Monday when youre just walking around with, like, no kids, no STDs. Youre just raw-dogging life. Like, everything feels good. Youre like, Oh, how could I have a kid? I was wearing a condom. I couldnt even cum. Like, theres no… Scientifically, its not possible. Thats… thats how condoms work. You just give up. I think about the consequences that I dont have to face. Right? Because lets say youre having sex with somebody and someone gets pregnant. Its usually the woman. For now, right? Like, thats… Shes gotta deal with everything. Like, as a dude, Im pro-choice, but whats my choice? My choice is like, Hey, Ill be there for you, or, No… Ew. Like, thats it. Women have to deal with everything. Like crazy spiritual questions, like when does life begin? Like, fuck, I dont even know if my life has begun. And you gotta answer that? And everyones so sure. Its, like, political. One side is like, Life starts in the womb. The other side is like, No, life really starts when you have your own Netflix password. Until then, youre just placenta without a job, so, figure it out. I dont know how anyone chooses, I really dont. I will say, and Ive thought about this a lot, I do think that everyone should always seriously consider having an abortion, because I feel like it motivates the fetus. Im telling you, they can feel it in there. Theyre like, Wait, what, you dont want me? No, but I got an idea for a tech company. I got, like, three apps. One of them is gonna work. Like, they come out motivated. Like, they just know. Like, every CEO, I know some of you dont agree with this, but every CEO, look at an interview with them. Theyll be like, Yeah, my dad left, my mom wasnt sure, then we got the iPhone. They can feel that theres just that tough love there. I wish my parents wanted me less. I really do. I would be, like, six inches taller. Its science, it really… Look at the NBA, right? No dads. No, Im telling you, I think those dads knew. I dont think its sad. I think their wives are like, Why are you leaving? And theyre like, This is the price of a championship. Do you want him to play in Europe? I dont know what to tell you. You think LeBron goes to the finals seven years in a row if his dad loves him? No, all the greats, man. Jesus, no dad. Prophet Muhammad, peace be upon him, no dad. Moses was in a basket, man, in the… …in the sea. He got so pissed that he parted the sea. Like, he… he had to get his revenge. Thats the energy. You dont need a dad, you just need a mom and a coach who believes in you. And you… Just that coach that sees you in high school, and youll make millions. No, I love my dad, though. I really do. My dad is an amazing human being. He… just a hard worker. Just that thing you think about with just anyone who comes to this country, thats my dad. Can do anything. Not just at work, comes home, he can cook, he can clean, fix the toilet, fix the car. He learned all these jobs just so hed never have to pay another man. His nightmare would be to hand cash… …to another man and look him in the eye. And he started working as a busboy, and in ten years, he became the manager of a hotel. And that hotel was in New York City, and it was owned by Donald Trump. So I grew up with this photo in my living room of my dad and Donald Trump shaking hands. I saw it every day as a kid. And when youre a young Arab kid, anyone whos friends with your dad, like, thats your uncle. And the last couple years, Im watching TV, and Im just like, Uncle Donald? Really? Fuck. And I get it. I get why people voted for him. Like, I get the vote. You know, theres like something about him. Theres just like something about the way that he is. Look, I dont think hes a good person, but I actually just dont think that hes a person. You know what I mean? Sometimes someone will be like, How could a person do that? Heres the thing, I dont think he is one. Like, Donald Trump is a… a feeling. Hes like an emotion, you know? Like, sometimes youre happy, sometimes youre sad, and sometimes youre just fucking… Trump. You know that feeling? Youre in an argument with somebody, and youre like, Aah, I wanna win but I dont have the facts. Aah, man! Like when your phone dies at 2 p.m. Two p.m…. your $600 iPhone cant even make it through the day, and its just sitting hot in your palm. And youre just like, You know what, man? Fuck China. You dont even care if the phones made in Japan. Youre like the whole thing, Were going to war. Then you plug your phone back in, and youre not Trump anymore. Hes not a man, hes a mood. And its crazy because people are like, Oh, we cant elect a woman. She could get her period. But we elected a period. Thats… Thats whats happening right now. Thats why men are so confused. Men are like, Whats going on? Women are like, Yeah, no, we know about this. Yeah. This happens all the time. ‘Cause the truth is, I think Trump is a good representative. Not that hes good at his job, but I think he represents us. We have a sex problem, he has a sex problem. Hes racist, were racist. I have my racism that Ive gotta face. For a while I thought, No, how could I be? Hate comes my way, Im Muslim. But then you think about it, and youre like, Oh, no, I have really prejudiced thoughts. There are things I think that are wrong. Like, I get really upset every time I get a white Uber driver. Devastated. Like, I look down on my phone, I see the little white face, And Im just like, Fuck. Im… Im gonna be late. Hes gonna stop at every stop sign. Hes gonna make me listen to his fucking band. Im like, Scott, what the fuck? Like, I get so angry. Like, I want one of my people, right? I want an Omar, I want a Mohammed. I want somebody whos running from their country. Thats Uber. Ubers like, Quick, get in. We dont have the paperwork. We gotta go, dude. We gotta fucking go. We dont have time. From the second I get in the car to when we arrive, I wanna hear somebody talk to their whole family. Like, that… That makes me feel safe. Thats like an emotional seatbelt. Im like, Okay, cool. He called his cousin. Were gonna get there. I dont want someone to be like, Dude, my Etsy. Its like, Fuck. Thats racist. Its something. I think the presidents probably worse… You know, the stuff thats happening at the border, its almost impossible to talk about. Dreamers? You guys know about Dreamers? Its crazy because he builds his businesses off of immigrants, off of people like my dad. Immigrants are a huge part of his life, but he wont let them stay. He wont make it official. And if Im being self-reflective, I mean, Ive been racist in a small, similar way. I date white women. Theyre a huge part of my life. But I would never make it official. Like, with my Muslim parents, like…? You know what Im talking about. Like, with my Muslim parents? Like, I was dating this girl, and she was like, Ramy, Id love to meet your mom. And I was like, Whoa, Kelly. Youre a dreamer, this is… This is a temporary program. I just dont have the paperwork for you to meet my mom. They probably wont even let you on EgyptAir. Thats fucked up. I know it is. ‘Cause I met her mom, and her mom came to visit town. Her moms from Texas. Like, Texas Texas, not South-by… Like, gun. Small town. Like, you know those small towns where, like, only two people eat sushi? Like, you say sushi, and theyre like, Oh yeah, Gary loves sushi. Like they know the guy? And theyre like, Why does it cost so much? They dont cook it. Like, they dont… They dont get anything about quality fish. We spent the whole day together. Were sitting at dinner, Kelly gets up to go to the bathroom, its just me and her mom. And her mom goes, Ramy, I have to tell you something. Before I met you, I was afraid. The only Muslims Id ever seen were on the news. I didnt know what would happen between you and my daughter. But now that we spent this whole day together, I just wanna tell you, I was wrong and Im sorry. And it was a really beautiful moment, but… the only thing I wanted to do was break up with her daughter. Because it made me realize something about myself. Because I was like, Man, this woman hated Muslims, and then she spent just a couple of hours with me and completely changed her mind. Like, if I had that kind of power, I have a responsibility to sleep with as many white women as possible. I understand if you think its disgusting, but this is the best plan the Democrats have. Theres no candidate. And I know theres a lot of Muslims here, and Im doing this for you. This isnt easy for me. I had to learn how to ski. Like, its… Its nuts. These people do crazy sports because they know they should die. And its really… No, no. Nah, white people are doing good. Really, no, like, I really like where white guilt is at right now. Right? You can feel it. Theyre like… they know. But I think theres room to get even guiltier. You know what I mean? Like, I was watching one of those drug recall commercials. You know where theyre like, Hey, if you took this drug in the last few years, we might owe you some money. Its harmful. Its like, fuck, man, I want white guilt to get to the point where my life gets recalled. You know, like, turn on the TV in a couple years, see a guy in a suit, and hes just like, Hi, were you Muslim between 2001 and 2025? If so, we may owe you a huge cash settlement. Were you black ever? Even now, in the future? The questions… the questions that happen when people who havent met each other, its amazing. These white mo… Theres really something to it. Because theyll find out Im Muslim. The second they find out, crazy question. Why do you make them wear that? Im like, Who? This woman goes, I was in the Middle East. It was so hot. It was 100 degrees out, and this woman had to wear a scarf and she was sweating. Why do you make her wear that? I was like, All right, first of all, you were in the Middle East. It wasnt 100 degrees because they use Celsius. Maybe it was 30. If it was 100, you wouldve melted. The other thing is, just because you dont get it, doesnt mean its oppressive. If you step outside of even your own culture, things might look weird. Like, I realized this, you know? I was on a date in New York in January. It was seven degrees… Fahrenheit. The woman I was with was wearing a really short dress. You know, she wanted to look nice. And we got out of the car, we were like two blocks away. And she was like, What? Its all the way over there? And Im like, Yeah, come on. Hurry, quick. And shes, like, shivering, but she cant really move that fast because her heels are slowing her down. I just look in her eyes, and I see this look of panic. And shes so cold. The only thing I could think was like, Fuck. Why do they make her wear that? No, like, and her… Her hair got all fucked up from the wind. It took her, like, an hour to do. I was like, You shouldve just worn a scarf. Like, it wouldve been… …so much easier. You know what I mean? Just… Lets just move on with this thing. But people are afraid of it, because they dont know. And I dont blame them, because I… I dont know how anybody knows what they know… if all youre watching is the news, yeah. I remember I realized how fucked up it was that they were just telling us how to feel. It was with Dennis Hastert. – You guys remember him? – Yep. Couple people. Longest-serving Republican Speaker of the House. He touched kids, nobody knows. Because the news didnt cover it. But Jared from Subway… Every reporter in the country for years was like, Did he feed them the sandwiches? Tonight at 10. Its just proof. Its just proof that the media is fucking run by Quiznos. Like, the… You see it now, right? Like, its… Theyve been doing it forever. Theyve been doing it forever. And thats how bad thing happen. Like this dude in New Zealand. You think he wasnt just watching this stuff on loop? A mosque got shot up, and I think about that because I go to the mosque. I go every Friday. And its always a weird thing when I tell people I actually go to the mosque to pray. Nobody wants you to be that Muslim. Everyone just wants you to have, like, a good hummus recipe. Like, they wanna know about baba ghanoush, not Allah. Like, theyre like, Lets just keep it there. I would tell people, you know, Im going to the mosque, whatever, and they think its weird. Its changed since this thing happened. Now, its like… kind of badass to go to the mosque. Ill tell you how I realized, man. Its like, dude, I was texting this girl, and she was like, You wanna get lunch on Friday? And I was like, No, Im going to the mosque. Friday prayers. She goes, Oh my God. Like New Zealand? Are you gonna be okay? And I was like, I mean, you know, I dont know. I dont know. Anything could happen. She was like, Are you sure you gotta go? Why? I was like, I do it for God. She thought that was so hot. I rolled into the mosque with my boys like, Yo man, what the fuck? Anything could happen. We were like rappers, dude. We felt so dope going in, pounding each other. We got this. Because that stuffs not even the hard part about Friday prayers. Friday prayers arent tough because violence could happen. Theyre tough because its Friday. Like, praying is… Whatever you do, if you pray, meditate, you do it so you can cleanse, so you can reset. That… Friday in the middle of the day is… the worst time to do that. Because theres Friday prayers and then theres Friday nights. Ill be at Friday prayers, Im listening to the imam. Im like, Yo, this is me, man. I go out Friday, I see the most beautiful woman Ive ever seen, and Im like, No, this is me. I think, this is… This is, wow! To pray on Friday? Its like getting your car washed before a hurricane. Like, you know what the weather is gonna be. Youre like, No, Im gonna spend $50 and detail the whole thing. Why? Because we have to. Its just so much easier to be Christian. Sunday? Man, thats the day. You fuck up the whole weekend, and then youre just like, God, I dont know what that was. Just make me new. Friday, were like… Were at mosque, were like, Hey, look, this might not count. Just make me sick. Just knock me out. Do something so I can stay home and not be a piece of shit. I started praying when I was a kid. My parents didnt even force me to. It was what I wanted. My parents never forced religion on me, they only forced love. Like, my mom loves me so much, and I love her. I really love… I mean, shes an amazing mom, amazing person. But the love I feel for her, I dont know if it was my choice. Its that Arab mom love, you know? Its like, is this violence? Like I dont know what… …whats happening right now. Or its like, I think this is a lot. Shes like, No, this is love. Are you sure? Shes like, Yeah, and Im like, Okay, I love you, too. My mom was so worried about me as a kid. Like, there was something about the way I looked as a kid… maybe even the way I look now… that makes me seem abductable. Like, my mom was convinced I was gonna be taken. Like, she watched the movie Taken like couples watch The Notebook. Shes like, Yeah, this is my movie, this is my story. And this is… this is… This is the crazy part of it. All my friends were getting cell phones. So I told my mom, I was like, Hey, why dont you just get me a phone? Then you know where I am. And my mom was really paranoid, but she was also really cheap. So instead of buying me a cell phone, she bought me a four-mile radius walkie-talkie… …that I had to carry with me everywhere that I went. I had to charge it every night, like the whole thing. And I remember at first everyone was like, Ah, man, Ramys got a walkie-talkie! Whats the range on that thing? How far does it go? And then 9-11 happened, and everyone was like, Oh man, Ramys got a walkie-talkie. Whats the range on that thing? How far does it go? And the name of the first World Trade Center bomber was Ramzi Yousef. And everybody thought we were related, including me. I was like, Yeah, he might be part of the family. I dont know, everyones always late to dinner. Maybe. Maybe. People started getting in my head, telling me I was a terrorist, all that shit. This kid convinced me I was related to Bin Laden. I would fight him. Hed be like, Youre Middle Eastern. And Id be like, No, man, Im from Egypt. Its in Africa. Im black. No, guys, I very much wasnt black, and theres no… theres nothing more suspicious than just wearing a ton of Iverson jerseys and… …trying to blend in. Because he had the whole school convinced I was up to some shit. This kid, Will. No one would question him, because he was just like… he was that popular kid. But he wasnt even popular because of his personality. It was just, like, infrastructure shit. His parents had a pool. It was like, fuck. I cant fuck with in-ground pool cool. Im done. He convinced everyone, because we were in Jersey, that Bin Laden was coming to the school. Everyone believed him. People were taking off Monday. It was like a three-day Bin Laden weekend. And everyone was scared. Im thinking Im related to him. Theyre all like, What are we gonna do? I was like, I dont know. What are you guys gonna do? Thats my uncle. I had some very prominent uncles as a kid. It was… It was a crazy time. I think my biggest victory as a kid was getting a dog. Thats hard with Arab parents. They dont… But, man, I convinced my dad. I just wanted one so bad. Because I watched Air Bud, and I was like… You know what I mean? I knew I couldnt play basketball, but I was like, he could. I got this dog. I loved him so much. He was my best friend, and he just died last year. Thats how long I had him. Its amazing. And when he died, all this guilt started to set in. And I was like, Was he really my best friend? Did I treat him the way I treat my human best friends? Because Ive never told my best friend, Hey, man, Im gonna hook up with this girl tonight, so you cant pee till tomorrow. You ever do that to your boy? Like, you ever cut your best friends balls off? After taking him away from his mother forever? No, like, you ever invite a friend over and youre like, Oh man, thanks for coming over. Youre never going home again. We hang out forever now. I started to feel so guilty. I went to this womans house. She had a Saint Bernard. And Im looking at its huge, beautiful paw. Im like, Fuck, man, that paw is meant to climb mountains, but its digging into this Ikea pillow. And Im like, is the living room the natural habitat for the Saint Bernard? Like, was this dog meant to watch all of Gilmore Girls? Like, thats barely meant for humans. I dont… And she had him in a hoodie. Yeah, in a hoodie, and the hoodie said, My dogs a Democrat. I was like, is he? And he was on the couch. She wanted us to sit on it, so shes yelling at him to get off. He doesnt understand, so she drags him and takes him into the kitchen and puts him behind one of those doggy gates. Im like, fuck, you just put him behind a wall because he doesnt understand English. You said you were Democrats. And then we like shit on cats, too. Were like, oh, cats are mean, or whatever. I think they just see what weve done to dogs. Theyre like, you see what happens when youre nice? You get a fucking leash. Thats why the cats are always fighting in the alleyways. Theyre like, youre showing too much heart. Youre gonna fuck our whole race up. I would still get a dog, though, I really would. I would, I just… I cant really control how I feel. Thats why I believe in God, because I dont believe in my feelings. My feelings make no sense. Like I feel shit and Im like, I probably shouldnt be feeling this. Like… Maybe someone here has felt this. Like, you ever… You ever have that cousin growing up that you kind of have a vibe with? You know what I mean? Youre like, Aw, man, she looks good. But then you grow up and youre like, Oh, Im over it, or whatever. But… You ever not over it? I was in Egypt, I was at my cousins wedding, and I realized I was really jealous of the guy she was getting married to. And I had to step outside, and I was like, holy shit. Have I been in love with my cousin this whole time? Do you think its weird? Its only weird if you dont have a hot cousin. If you think its weird, you just have an ugly family. Im sorry. Thats not an attack, but its just the second you have a hot cousin, that wall comes down so quick. Youre like, Wait, what? Its my moms brothers…? Like, it feels so far away. Why cant we be with our cousins? Like, does anyone have a real reason? A real reason? What? Genetics? Genetic disaster? Thats propaganda. Seriously, I looked into it. I really did. The rate doubles. It does. It goes from 1.4% to 2.8% chance that something could happen. When did 2.8% ever stop you from doing fucking anything? Let alone love. I know theres, like, seven billion people, and theres all these apps and shit, but like, how do you think we got here? This was all built on cousins. Forever, like this whole idea that, like… Look, this is what happens with the genetics thing. If you get with your cousin, and then that kid gets with their cousin, then theres problems. But as long as you dont double-cousin, theres literally no… …theres no problem. Like, I know youre still thinking about it, but you dont have to. Weve been brainwashed, man. This shit started in America. They said being with your cousin would fuck up the kids, because they didnt want immigrant populations to grow. Isnt that crazy? They didnt want immigrant families to grow. Thats racist. Thats why Im not upset about the Muslim ban and stuff. Like, Im still thinking about the cousin ban. Like, this is… Weve been kept from our own people. And its just so disappointing because Im in this crowd of people who are, like, woke, or whatever, but youre not, like… I saw some of you when I was saying some shit, and now youre all like… Im sharing a sexual feeling… …and you shut down. And Ive stood up for everybody. Ill stand up for the gay community, the trans community. Thats a group of people that doesnt identify with the body they were born in. And Im like, yeah, I get that, because I dont identify as being her cousin. Gender is a construct, so is family. Like, all of this is just… Its what we say it is. Im just… Were all so lonely, and Im just saying love could be so much closer than you think. Seriously, this Thanksgiving, just really look around the table. You could have so much to be thankful for. Youll be like, Oh my God, you were there the whole time? Its so easy. Theres no in-laws, everybodys just in. All right, be alone. I dont know what to say. I dont know what to say. All right, I mean, I guess if were in weird thoughts… …Ill share a weirder one… and then Ill probably go. You ever think something that you dont wanna think? Like, its just where your mind got to? You dont know if its true, its just how you feel. So I was thinking that, in this weird way, 9-11 made me more Muslim. Because I was told it was my fault. I was told that the most horrible thing that I had ever seen happen, to this day, was because of who I was, where I came from, the language that I speak, and my faith. And I had to find out if that was true. So I looked into it, and I realized, not only was that not true, but this was something that I really wanted to be a part of my life. I started praying, I started fasting, I started doing all these things that I might not have done. Like, If 9-11 didnt happen, I mightve just been like, Yeah, my dads from Egypt. Add the bacon. But because it happened, all this fear happened, too, and it elected the dude that we have. And its not good. Like, even the people who voted for him are kinda like,  You see them… its like when your friends drunk at a party, and someones like, Is that your friend? And youre like, No, I mean, you know… We went to middle school together, but… Hes dismantling the courts. No one knows what hes gonna do next, even the people in his own party. Hes making us weak. But the way I feel about how I believe and my faith, thats how all my friends are. And so its like, Islam is stronger, and America is weaker all because of this one thing. And so the thought I had was… did 9-11 work? I know, but… But… Now that I have your attention… The ice caps are melting, like, I… Its not good. We gotta figure it out. We really gotta figure it out.

DANIEL SLOSS@X@2019@A man offered us a billion dollars. – Bolt the doors. – We could all go to prison. Enjoy the injunction. Did you just try to punch the wall and miss? No. I clipped it. I got it. ? And theres only one crown ? ? And theres only one king ? ? And its looking like me ? ? So you better start running ? ? So you better start running ? Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome to the stage Mr. Daniel Sloss! ? ‘Cause theres only one king ? ? And theres only one crown ? ? And there aint enough room for us both on the throne ? ? So its bout to go down ? ? So you better start running ? ? So you better start running… ? Hello, Sydney. How are you? Good. Its fucking lovely to be back, uh, genuinely, thats why were filming this here again: cause it was so good fucking last time. So, dont screw this up. Uh, get comfortable. And if youre not comfortable, dont worry about it too much. Im about to provide plenty of material thats going to make most of you very fucking uncomfortable. Lets crack on. I love kids. I do. Love kids, love babies, I love toddlers. I love tiny little children. Love em. There should not be this much tension in the room. I havent said anything bad there. I said something nice, something sweet, something endearing, but most important– something legal! I love kids. Some of you still dont trust me. Thats fine, I get that, that could be my fault. Im a comedian thats got a reputation for having a dark sense of humor. Maybe you expect me to take that premise, turn it into an offensive punchline, all for the sake of shock comedy. I promise you thats not gonna happen with this joke. Maybe its another factor that I hadnt considered. Maybe its the fact that Im a white man and we dont have the best history with… children. I cant say for certain. All I know for certain is that whenever I proudly declare that I love kids at least half of you fuckers go He-he-he. Every gig without fail, no matter where I am. I love kids! Hes gonna fuck one. Im not. Im not gonna fuck one. Why would I fuck one? They are not my type. I have three younger siblings, Ive got nine younger cousins. From the age of two, Ive been raised around kids. I love kids, I really do. And I hate the fact that I have to qualify my love of children. ‘Cause I dont have to qualify my love of anything else. I love dogs. None of you are like, Hes gonna fuck a poodle! Its not… And I would fuck a poodle. I absolutely would. Its small, its on a leash. Wheres it gonna go? I love my mom. Yeah. None of you think Im gonna fuck her, do you? And Ive been inside of her and Ive sucked her tits. Not at the same time. Thats when Dad gets jealous. Its not good being a man and being paternal. I guess if youre like– maybe like a father, you got kids thats cool. But if youve got no kids and you love kids, some people find it weird. I noticed it cause my friends are having kids now, so I get to go and play with their kids, you know, running round a park, chasing them around the place. Again, not in a creepy way. Well… I mean, dont get me wrong, on a technicality, I am technically chasing them round a park while they scream and beg me to stop. But I promise you that that is part of the game. When chasing children, hand position is very, very important, right? Funny monster, actual monster. There is… There is a subtle difference between Im gonna get you : and Im gonna get you! Kids are intuitive and they can tell the difference. I get jealous of women sometimes. Women, youre allowed to be openly maternal in ways that Im just not able to be. Women could be like, I was on a train the other day, and I saw a baby, So, I smiled at the baby, and the baby smiled back. And then I waved at the baby, and the baby waved back. And, oh, my ovaries exploded. Oh, my poor explody ovaries have done a 9/11 in my belly. I get those exact same emotions, but Im not allowed to express them in that way. Or I go to jail! Do you want proof of that claim? Fine, I have a goddaughter, her name is Ava. She is two-and-a-half years old. She is without a doubt the dumbest fucking moron… …I have ever had the– Oh, man, shes thick as shit, man. Shes so great. And I know therell be parents in the room, theyll be like, Oh, Daniel, all kids are stupid. Oh, I know they are. This one takes the biscuit. And shoves it in her fucking ear. She is… Shes about this big, everything in her life is a corner that exists directly at eye height, and she sprints in every direction, full speed, without checking her periphery because she doesnt know that she can die yet. I love her unconditionally, but I dont think shes gonna make it to ten. It would be nice, but it might not happen. She does have an older sister. I should point that out. But her older sister is not my goddaughter, so I havent learned her fucking name. Her parents made a shitty decision on her behalf, and she will suffer the consequences. Ill play with Ava, and Slagathor can play with her godfather… …whoever he may be. Avas the best, man. Shes so fun. Always excited to see me, cause, you know, we play games together. Her favorite game in the world is hide-and-seek. Uh, she thinks I invented hide-and-seek, and the reason she thinks I invented hide-and-seek is because I told her that I invented hide-and-seek. And shes the worst hide-and-seek player. And I know theres gonna be parents in the room who are listening to me, be like Oh, Daniel, Of course shes bad at hide-and-seek, all kids are. Let me guess, she hides behind the curtain and giggles. Ha-ha. That is a Harvard graduate compared to my fucking moron. Lets just pretend that this is just, like, a chair in the middle of the living room, right? Ill be Ava and you be me, and lets see how long it takes you to find me. If indeed you can. Allow me to just get – fucking moron. Did you find me? Please note that she doesnt hide like this. She hides like this because she likes to maintain eye contact! For the duration of the game. Now, I love this moron. I dont want her growing up knowing shes a moron. I want her growing up feeling confident, so I have to call her a genius. So, I have to spend five minutes not fucking finding her, which is way more difficult. Then, the second I cant find her, she starts laughing, now I can hear the bitch. That is two senses I can now use to work out where in the room she might be. Then she gets so excited that she shits herself. Three out of five. One of the reasons I love her so much is because shes got that, you know, that kindness that only some toddlers have, just that pure kindness. ‘Cause eventually whenever I do find her, shes proud of me. Like, Ill eventually turn around and be like, Oh there you are! And shes like, How did you–? You were fucking there! Shes so precious, Im gonna die. Her older sister, by the way, is very good at hide-and-seek, but thats mainly cause I never fucking look for her. Ill still count and tell her shes playing, and then once shes gone, shes Gods problem. Ava sucks at seeking as well. She sucks at both halves of the game, right? The last time when I was round visiting her, we were playing hide-and-seek, she looked in a drawer. It was the one and only place she looked. She walked into the kitchen confident as fuck. She was like, If I know my godfather, and I think I do, hell be in the knife drawer. Thats where I would be. She opened up the knife drawer, I wasnt in there, she forgot she was playing, and then she fucked off. Just me and her sister hiding under a table. Like, What the fuck is this shit? Her sister was like, Annoying, isnt it? Shut your whore mouth! I fucking swear to God. Love being a god-dad, love being a god-dad. Uh, its good fun. I dont see– I feel guilty sometimes cause, I travel a lot with this job. I dont see Ava as much as Id like to. So, whenever I do, I spoil her just so she still loves me. Not with like treats and stuff, like, you know, physical things. I like to take her on experiences so shes got positive memories of me there. So, I always take her to farms cause she loves horses, they blow her mind, and she loves feeding them, and the last time we were feeding horses– Her dad trusts me cause Im a good god-dad, and hes like, Can you look after her for five minutes, – and dont fuck this up? – And I was like…. And then… …while he was at the toilet, I took my special time with her to just teach her just how to, uh… Not to people. Never, never to people. Just to horses. I looked my two-year-old goddaughter in her perfect blue eyes, and I said, Ava, this means I love you horsey. Why? Because whos the victim? There isnt one. Ive triple-checked. She doesnt know what shes doing. All she knows is that I am crying with laughter. The horse doesnt know its offended. Its a fucking horse. And now she thinks that is what you do to horses. And it is never not funny. Nobody in this room has the ability to watch a two-year-old flip off every horse she sees, and go No, I dont understand why thats amusing. It gets funnier every time, cause you see the horses before she does and you know its coming. Her dad still sends me videos of her being driven past fields of horses, and shes just like Horses! So good! Why would you not want that in your life at every available opportunity? Free serotonin! I love spoiling her. I shouldnt do it, but I love doing it. Be a Tuesday night at like 9 p.m., Ill be visiting, Ill be like, Ava, do you want some ice cream? Shell be like, Mum says Im not allowed any ice cream. I went to high school with your mother and Ive seen her get fingered. You can get some fucking ice cream. You let me deal with mommy bear. Okay? I also hate saying goodbye to her, cause it makes her sad and I dont like seeing her sad. So, I just leave. Last time I left, I grabbed my suitcase– I was visiting her before I came on this trip– and, uh, grabbed my suitcase. Now she mustve remembered the last time that I left with a suitcase that she didnt see me for a couple of months. ‘Cause the second I grabbed the handle, she stopped what she was doing, she ran as fast as she could across the living room, just daring any table to end her life. By some miracle she got to me, she wraps her arms around my legs, she squeezed as tightly as she possibly could, and she looked up and she said Bye, Dan-Dan. She calls me Dan-Dan. Bye, Dan-Dan. Love you. And my balls exploded. Why is that different? Its the exact same sentiment! Thats also where they come from! Everyday sexism. I want to be a dad, not yet. I know Im not ready to be a dad. If you want proof of that, listen to the last fucking joke I told. I want to have daughters. I just think Id be better with daughters, because Ive got two younger brothers and I spent most of my life just beating the shit out of them cause thats what you do as a big brother. Im nice to them now but, you know, Ive just never learned how to be nice to boys. ‘Cause after my sister died, I had two younger cousins– female cousins turn up, and I really sort of attached myself to them. I was really nice to them. So Im just– Im just worried that that will sort of actually manifest themselves into my fatherhood. Like, Ill have a daughter and Ill be like, Youre the best, I love you. My sonll turn up, Im like, You can fuck off. And… Im very aware that that is a me problem. And… I am working on it. I think its called toxic masculinity. Now, I dont know much about toxic masculinity. First I heard of it was last year. One of my friends she said to me, she was like, Do you know that youre a toxic man? And I was like, hmm, doesnt sound like me, you dumb bitch. Why dont you speak when spoken to? How about that? That sound good? And then I read a bunch of articles about it, and I was like, oh boy! Fucking oh-ho-ho! Somebodys been following me. Im not gonna change, but at least Im self-aware. And thats half the battle. But not the half that matters. First became aware of it when my friend, she said to me, she was like, You know, youre quite bad with your emotions. And I was like, No, Im not. Youre bad with your emotions, because I know when youre having them. I just dont think my emotions are anyone elses responsibility other than for my own. So if I have a negative emotion, Ill just bottle it up and keep it to myself. And, apparently, thats quite unhealthy. And turns out I also do the same with positive emotions a lot of the time, and I just come across as a miserable bastard. And I dont want that, man. I want my friends that I love to know that I love them. I dont wanna be one of those fucking closed up people. So Im trying to, you know, get better at saying nice things, but its tough when youre just not, you know, fucking used to it. Like, to the men in the room, if youre anything like me and youre struggling with your emotions– I do recommend you get in touch with them. ‘Cause its not like having a super power, but it is like having every other mans kryptonite. Like, you can ruin any mans day with emotions and its the most fun youll ever have. Women, I finally understand your games. Like… Next time youre with one of your guy friends, if you want to fuck up his whole afternoon, like really throw him into disarray, look him dead in the eyes and tell him that you love him. And just watch him not be able to process that… …with any level of maturity. Hey, Mark, I love you. Why? Youre one of my close friends, I love you. Are– are you dying? No. Am I dying? Why would I know that? Are you trying to fuck me? No, Im not trying to fuck you! Yes you are. If you love something, you fuck it. You know the rules. Its cliché to say, women, youre better with your emotions, but generally you sort of tend to be. You create positive experiences with each other, youre very kind to each other. I love watching women compliment each other. Sincerely, I find it very empowering. Especially if theyre shit-faced. There is nothing better than two drunk women at 3 a.m. being like, Oh my God, Sarah, I absolutely love your tits! Shut up, Jessica. I would cut off my tits and give them to you if I could have a day in that. Its very, very empowering. And youre not really allowed to do that as a man. Just, Hey, Steve, nice dick! Doesnt work. Doesnt work and thats a real shame, cause Steves got a real nice dick. Hes got a real nice dick and he wont let me see it anymore. So, you know, Im trying to, you know… Im trying to read a bit more about it. Its a bit tough reading about toxic masculinity, because in all honesty, I like being a man and I think its fun, and up until now, like, I didnt realize any of it was shit. ‘Cause for me, all masculinity means to me is its just me and ten of my friends drinking until one of us dies. And the one that does die, we wont attend his funeral, because he died like a bitch and we dont honor bitches. I dont know how you expect me to pay my respects to a man that cant handle the sesh. Thats not something… …I have within my repertoire. Like, what do you want me to do at his funeral? Pour a drink out in his grave? Be like, Still cant handle it, can you cunt? Ah-ha-ha-ha-ha! Your father was a pussy. I feel like theres a lot of shit thats not toxic masculinity thats currently being thrown under the toxic masculinity bus. I see it happen on Twitter a lot. People say like, This is what toxic masculinity looks like. Im like, no, no, no, thats just a thing that cunts do. Now, Im both a toxic man and a cunt and Im willing to give up one of those. Heres a thing that I do not think is exclusive to men. I think bullying is one of the funnest things in the entire world. Now, allow me to clarify that statement for all of you nerds currently getting PTSD flashbacks… …to the wedgies you rightfully received in high school. When I say bullying, I do not mean in any way, shape, or form, bullying someone society deems weaker or less than you, and I especially dont mean ganging up on somebody you hate or dislike. I mean bullying your friends. I think there is no higher form of love available as a human being than staring your best friend dead in the eyes and just destroying every life decision they have ever made up until that moment in time, with no mercy, no remorse. And the entire time, theyre just sat there being like, My turn soon, cunt. See if I give a shit. Think youre perfect do you, princess? And thats not exclusive to men. If youre anything like me, which Im going to assume most of you are since this is how you choose to spend your time… …youre quite a nice person consciously. Its an active decision. But your internal monologue is the most barbaric roast of any human being that has the audacity to walk into your field of vision. Its not even a conscious thing. Youre just walking down the street, being like, Im in a good mood. And your brains like, Wrong. Cunt, cunt, cunt, ugly baby, shit dog. And youre like… Why am I like this? Who hurt me? I would never ever, ever, ever say any of these horrible thoughts out loud. But I do know five cunts who would love them! Group chat! And then… Im in a WhatsApp group with ten male comedians, so yeah. Our banter is unforgivable. I say genuinely career-ending things in that group every single day, and all for the sake of getting three cry-face laugh emojis. Is it worth it? Youre goddamn fucking right its worth it. Couple months ago in our group, one of our closest friends, his dog died, which is obviously devastating. But not as devastating as the memes we made. He didnt even tell us his dog was dead, cause he knew wed make fun of him. We had to find out from his wifes Facebook page. She did a sad little post about it, we all screen grabbed it, put it in the group. Were like, Hi, is your dog dead? And he was like Yeah, and we were like, Aah! Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha! Thatll teach you to love something! And then we made fun of his dead dog for an hour. Now, the reason we made fun of his dead dog isnt cause we were glad the dog was dead. We loved that dog. He was such a good dog. I miss that dog. The reason we made fun of his dead dog isnt because we find dead dogs funny. Very rarely do we find dead dogs funny. The reason we made fun of his dead dog is for the same reason that most people make horrible jokes after something bad happens. And its not because theyre evil, and its not because theyre malicious, and its not because theyre heartless. Its because the joke pops in to your head. And thats it. Something bad happens, and you go, Oh, no! And your brain goes, Say this, though. And thats it. And if you dont say the joke, its not like it fucks off. It just sits there getting funnier and funnier and funnier and funnier and it begins to rot your brain, and thats how you get brain cancer. I am a scientist. Its… Its like having diarrhea, holding it in doesnt achieve anything. You just have to admit that youre unwell and be like, Im very sorry. Im incredibly sick. I have to get this out of my system, otherwise I might explode. Thank you for your patience. Sorry for your loss. So, we spend an hour just making silly jokes about his dead dog. I say we. I didnt. I spent 45 minutes of that hour very carefully photoshopping an image of Thanos clicking his fingers and his dog… …disappearing from the arms of his four-year-old daughter. And… Youll– youll never convince me that thats not the funniest thing Ive ever done in my goddamn life. Five cry-face laugh emojis from all my boys. I bowled a perfect game. You never see that. Never happens. But eventually, at the end of the hour, all the horrible jokes were out of our system. I was straight in. I was like, hey man, we hope youre okay. We hope the kids are okay, and we hope you know were just joking. And he was straight in. He was like, Dont fucking condescend to me. Im very aware they were just jokes. I appreciate your attempts to cheer me up. They did work. I love you, boys. And we were like, Ew! And then… And I was like, can I ask how the dog died? He was like, Yeah man, we just, we had to get it put down. Im like, man, Im genuinely sorry to hear that. Having a dog put down, its a horrible thing to go through. All jokes aside, why did you have to get the dog put down? Oh, it was showing signs of dementia. Boys, come back. No, it gets so much better. It gets way better. Im sorry. Dogs get dementia? Yeah they do, Daniel. Its pretty serious. Can you just– can you–? Ill ask! Can you just describe the first symptom please? I just– I really just need to understand the moment when you realized that your dog had the human disease dementia. Just talk me through that. What was that like? Im gonna take the dog for a walk. Oh, thats fucked! I think its best we kill it. I didnt realize that the male ego was fragile. Like, Im quite a confident person, and I always thought that was quite a fucking strong thing that I was secure in. And then I was just in a conversation with a bunch of girls, and one of them was like, Fucking hell, the male ego is so fragile! And I was like, no, its not! Oh, there it is. Ah, I see. Im the problem. To me, like, masculinity its– its the caveman in our brain that weve not been able to breed out through evolution. Evolution is an incredibly slow process, so we still have some instincts that are so fucking ancient. Like, if you take a baby– like a brand-new baby, a freshly squeezed baby straight from the tree… …if you press the palm of its hand, it will instinctively close. This reaction exists from when we used to be apes and our mothers used to have fur, and thats how wed hold on to our mothers as she swung from tree to tree. That reaction is still like a babys now. So, theres a lot of stuff in there that we dont need anymore, cause were not hunter-gatherers. We dont need fight or flight, for an example, as a reaction to things. Its a very archaic way of dealing with modern problems, but its still in there. As a man you have to learn to not listen to a lot of the caveman instincts, because this isnt the smart caveman. This isnt the one that discovered fire. This is the one that worked out it was hot. Like… He shouldnt be running the ship at any point. Im slowly coming to terms with my caveman nature of understanding his bullshit reactions to things. He sees masculine things as strong and feminine things as weak. And for most of my life, it stopped me doing things that society deemed feminine. And its such a fucking pathetic way to deal with things. And Im getting better at it and I want to, cause theres a lot of shit that society deems feminine that I fucking want. For example, ladies you, uh… you get to go to the bathroom together. I want that. And its nothing you can give us. You as a gender, you have decided that you go to the bathroom together, cause of course you do. It makes perfect sense to do it that way. Men, for some reason, we insist on going to the toilet alone. And nobody has ever been able to rationally explain to me why. Have you ever seen women going to the toilet together? Like, its fucking incredible! Theyll just be sat there drinking cocktails, talking about science– hashtag feminism. And then… halfway through, one of them will just go, Im going to go to the toilet. And immediately three of her friends will go, Ah! Well come too! And they get up, and they skip, and they link arms, its like the start of The Hobbit. Its beautiful! Yet when I want to take a piss, I gotta do a goddamn Frodo solo mission. It makes so much sense to go the bathroom together. And Ive been doing a lot of research on this. And by research, I mean staring at women going to the toilets. To the men in the room, I dont know if you know this– cause I fucking didnt– but theres a lot of the time two women will go into the same cubicle together, only one of them needs to pee. The other one is just there to keep her company. Are ya having a good pee? I am having a good pee. Yeah, thanks. Hows Darren? Oh, you know. I want that! Ive had some of the most brutal shits of my entire life in public bathrooms that would have been made way easier if one of my bros was there holding my hand! Come on, Daniel, push! But its so painful! Come on, breathe! Just like we practiced. Ha-ha! Ill name it after you! Do you wanna hold it? Obviously there are other reasons why women go to the bathroom together. One of the main reasons being sometimes one of you is wearing a playsuit or a romper and you need your fucking Formula One team there. Oh, I know your secrets, ladies. To the men that might not get that reference, if you ever see more than two women going to the bathroom, nine times out of ten its because one of them is wearing an all-in-one monstrosity, and she needs at least three of her sisters to be like, Go, go, go, go, go, go, go! Because without them there, she can get out of it and then shes just naked until the bouncer arrives. And Ive tried, man. I have tried getting my guy friends to come to the toilet with me. Does not work. It makes them very uncomfortable. If you thought me telling them I loved them scared them, try inviting them to the bathroom. Dont do those two things in a row, by the way. Hey, Mark, I love you. Im going to go to the toilet. Mark! But I dont need to pee. You dont need to need to pee. Just come be with me while I pee. Why? Ill miss you. Once, its worked. I remember the day so vividly. November 22nd last year, Queens Arm pub in Edinburgh. I turned to one of my boys and I was like, hey man, Im going to go to the toilet. Do you want to come? He was like, Fuck yeah, Sloss, Ill join you. I was like… Im making a difference! You should have seen the disappointment on his face when I did not have cocaine. He was a very angry man. Why is your dick out?! Why is your wallet out?! I am not that type of lady. Just trying to fix the shit in my brain. Im still not 100 % happy with who I am as a person. Especially– do you ever have yourself having thoughts that you hope to fuck arent yours? Like, I can find myself having opinions that I dont even agree with, and I dont know how that works. Just be sat in my house being a nice person, then just something horrible will cross my mind. Im like, fucking some cunt better have walked by with his Bluetooth on. Like, and I dont think– I dont think its like– I dont think Im a bad person. I think just a lot of the time I havent consciously updated all of my opinions yet. Like, I still have some opinions from 2005, and occasionally when Im drunk my brain will just go, and heres the classics. And… Theyre not necessarily hateful opinions. Theyre just shitty opinions that a 15-year-old has. Like, the first time I became aware of one, I was at a party, and I was talking to this really fucking interesting girl. We had a good conversation, and then in the midst of it, she was just like, What is it that you do for a living? And I was like, oh, Im a comedian. What do you do for a living? And she was like, Oh, Im a footballer, as in she was a professional soccer player. And I was like, oh, cool! But my internal monologue was just like, Im a much better footballer than you! And that is not true. Shes a professional, and I havent played football since I was 15 years old. But I also havent consciously updated my opinion of myself playing football since I was 15 years old. Thats what I mean. I would argue these arent even my opinions. Theyre more like the echoes of a less educated me. They are the residue of ignorance. Now, every single one of us has ignorant opinions. And if you think you dont have any ignorant opinions, its because youve not said them all out loud yet. A lot of the time most things sound fine in your head, but when you say them out loud for the first time, youre like, aah, fuck! Thats definitely wrong. Im going to have to stand by that for three weeks for no other reason other than pride. And then pretend I read a book that changed my mind. Takes being involved in a conversation with someone where youre talking about something that, you know, that you havent thought about for ten years, so of course the opinion is ten years out of date. I was talking to one of my boys, one of my WhatsApp boys, one of my boys, right? And hed been seeing a girl for, like, ages. Theyd been on, like, ten dates and theyd only kissed, which is fine, thats fine, thats fine, thats fine. And after, like, the tenth date of only kissing, he was like, Man, I think she really likes me. And I was like, she fucking doesnt, man. Oh, how can you tell? Because your nose still smells like your nose. Its a very simple equa– First of all, if you get that reference, youre not better than me, okay? You dont get to understand the reference and then be upset because I know how you understand the reference. Its the same way I understand the fucking reference. You dont get to sit there being like, Sir, how dare you? How dare– Barely were the words out of your mouth before my mother was like, ‘Yeah, done that! Look, I respect her. Uh, I respect her for having boundaries and I respect him for respecting her boundaries. Im still going to make fun of him though because fuck him. So… Eventually they had sex, and I was happy for them. And I was talking to him afterwards and I was like, how was the sex? And he was like, Oh, man, it was the best sex ever. I was like, it wasnt, but okay. He was like, Yeah, it was, right? At one point we were making love. Im very mature. So, at one point we were making love. And while we were making love, she shoved her finger up my ass, right? And then he kept talking. And I had stopped listening. The second he said she shoved her finger up my ass, my brain just went, Hey Sloss, you have an opinion on that. And I was like, do I? Oh, I wonder what it could be. I bet its progressive. Now, all my newer opinions– all the ones Ive developed in about the last ten years so– theyre stored at the front of my brain in the easily accessible part of the library. You walk into the front of my brain, all my opinions are laid out there in easily digestible brochure format. Theres a comments section, they can all be updated at a moments notice. Its a very, very efficient system. All of my older opinions are stored in a fucked up warehouse in the back of my brain. Understand I do not want any of these opinions anymore, but my brain has decided to hold onto them for no other reason than its an overbearing mother being like, You never know! Its a ramshackle clusterfuck of different horrible opinions. Some of them are set in stone, and thats annoying. But the whole place is run by a lovely old man. His name is Nigel, he wears a monocle, youd like him. Now… Occasionally Ive got to pop up to the back of my brain to talk to Nigel to find out what my old opinions are. So I pop upstairs– hes always happy to see me. Ill be like, hey Nigel. And hes like, Mister… Mr. Sloss, how are you? Im good, Nige. Im just– just looking for an old opinion of mine. Oh, youve certainly come to the right place. What older opinion can I interest you in? Oh, is it your crush on the Olsen twins? Oh, no, no. That is fucking old though. You can actually just throw that out, Nigel. I think theyre dead. Oh, okay, well, what opinion is it youre after then, Mr. Sloss? Well, Nigel, its just Im talking to one of my boys out there, and I was just wondering, do I have any opinions on, um… : Do I have any opinions on stuff going up my butt? Stuff going up your butt? Aye. Um… Aye. Aye, you do. I cant see it there. But if I remember correctly, you definitely thought about it. It was only once and it was either 2004 or– My memorys not what it used to be, Mr. Sloss. 2005, yes, that was it. 2005. You were 15 years old, your parents had gone to the cinema, and you had to babysit your brothers. Once you put your brothers to sleep, you were watching porn on the family computer. And in one of the pornos, the woman shoved her finger up the mans ass. You were very confused. You thought she was trying to reset him. Here you go, Mr. Sloss, 2005. Itll be in here somewhere. Just give me two seconds. Okay. Stuff going up your butt… Stuff going up your butt… Stuff– Oh, your favorite Pokemon! No? Well… Jigglypuff and… Oh, here we go, 2005. Here we go, Mr. Sloss, 2005. 15 years old… Stuff going up your butt, stuff going up your butt… Gay! Aah, no! Nigel, I cant have that be my opinion on that. Oh, why ever not, Mr. Sloss? Because its fucking homophobic, Nigel. But, Mr. Sloss, you are homophobic. I beg your pardon, Nigel. I am absolutely not homophobic. Mr. Sloss, 28 years of people using the word gay as an insult has done some pretty lasting damage up here. Huh! Real– Real– Oh! I just– I just– I– No, come on! Surely, we must have got rid of all the homophobia back in 2007. Surely, there mustve been a clear out. Remember? Seventeenth birthday, we were in St. Andrews. We got really, really drunk, then we went outside and we shared a joint with that guy. He leaned in, then you leaned in, and we kissed for at least a minute. And I thought in that moment, we realized that maybe sexuality was more of a spectrum as opposed to a binary thing. Oh, no, Mr. Sloss, thats over there in issues. Oh, cool, leave it there. Anyway, Nigel, Im not really comfortable having a homophobic opinion anymore. So, if you can just throw this one out, and Ill give you my new non-homophobic opinion, and I can move on with my life. Eh, thats not really how this works, Mr. Sloss. You see, you developed this opinion before you were 18. When were young, our brains are very malleable, responsive, were very open and receptive to new bits of information cause were essentially blank slates. So, nothings really right or wrong for us. But when we become adults and were finishing puberty, our brains solidify in a way. Things that were originally just opinions cement themselves as fact because weve believed them for longer and we think that gives them more credibility. Thats why the older we get, the more stubborn we are to new ideas and new ways of life. And Im like, that is absolutely riveting, Nigel. Change the fucking opinion. Nigel, I cant have a homophobic opinion. Its 2019, and Im not even trying to virtue signal at this point anymore, Nigel, but in the past five years, Ive actually been to more gay weddings than Ive been to straight weddings. But… but, Mr. Sloss, all weddings are gay. Fuck, thats not still in there is it? You have to be able to change your old opinions. Its hard, but you have to be able to do it. I struggle with it sometimes. Im a fucking stubborn motherfucker. Im trying to get better at it. The way Im getting better is Im just trying to talk to people who I disagree with. Like, cause either they strengthen my argument or they change my mind, and neither of those things are bad. Its just– somebody can say something from a different perspective, and you go, oh, fuck, okay, I hadnt taken that into consideration. Youre still wrong, but thanks. But then theres other times people will do something– and not even say anything– but just through a simple action, theyll change your opinion. Youll just go, holy fuck, okay, I was wrong. For example, a couple of months ago, I was having sex with a girl and she shoved her finger up my ass, and… …it was a lot like being in the Matrix, because I learned karate in two seconds. She just shoved it up there, and I was like, No, no, never! Hi-yah! Be gone! Never! Ooh, ah! Ooh, ooh, ooh. Ooh… ah! Oh! Ha-ha-ha! Ho, ho! Namaste. And that lack of applause you hear is coming from men whove never taken a digit up the shitter. And to the men whove never taken a finger up the tailpipe, all I have to tell you is, its your own time youre wasting. You are punishing no one apart from yourself. And you can sit there being a fucking man about it, be like, Oh, no. No, its not for me. Scientifically, it is. Scientifically, its right up your alley, no pun intended. Thats where your clit is. Its a shit clit, but its a clit nonetheless. Just a little button halfway up there that makes everything taste like ice cream, except the finger obviously. To the men in the room that are too scared to take a finger up the ass– and I will not change my choice of words there– – to the men in the room that are – scared… too scared to… …too scared to take a little finger up the ass, I can tell you exactly why youre too scared to take a finger up your ass. It is because deep down, this is what your insecurity is. Deep down you dont think its a button up there. You think its a switch. Thats it. That is all your pathetic little insecurity is. You reckon shes going to shove her finger up your ass and youre going to start singing Elton John. And that is… so homophobic even Nigels like, Jesus Christ. So, I dont necessarily like, you know, the narrative that we pitch about pensioners nowadays. You know, all old people are racists, all old people are bigots. Like, yeah, sure, half of them are, but theyll all be dead soon. Just a little bit, of course, theyve got out-of-date opinions, theyre fucking ancient. Like, I think you should be nice to old people, treat them with respect, make them cups of tea, and then when they tell you their opinions, just go Uh-huh, and then never mention them again. Let them die with them. Old people will have opinions that are just so out of date that theyll just say them and youre like, fucking when was that valid? Theyll just say things that arent even hateful, theyre just, Blah. Back in my day we didnt have depression or anxiety. We just called it being sad, and we got on with our days. All right, cool, thats a medical misdiagnosis. Thats the equivalent of saying, Back in my day we didnt have breast cancer. We just called it itchy tits and we died at 37. Like… Yeah, well, now we have medicine and names for things and the world is largely better. Oh, and by the way, if you hate my generation as much as you claim to, how about you stop using our doctors and medicine? See you in the ground, cunt. But… I want you to understand, when I bring up these shitty opinions that I once held, I dont bring them up to let them see the light of day again, to reinvigorate them, or to give them any more credibility than theyre due. I bring them up to show you that I used to be a piece of shit. I mean, I still am one, but Im getting better. And thats allowed. Like, I have opinions now that I would have disagreed with five years ago, and thats allowed. I have opinions now that I might disagree with in five years time, and thats allowed. Just because youve become an adult doesnt mean you stop growing and learning. And if you do, you fucking suck. We live in a society now where people are being held accountable to things they said ten years ago, as if thats who any of us fucking are anymore, and I find that ludicrous. Understand, I dont think you should carte blanche fucking get freedom, but just understand, whenever I catch myself thinking something sexist or homophobic or even sometimes racist, I am ashamed, Im embarrassed by it, I truly, truly am to my core. Because thats not who I am, thats not who I want to be. The solace I take from it is, I realize that none of my shitty opinions, theyve never come from a place of hatred. Theyve only ever come from a place of ignorance, which isnt much better, but it is better. Hate and ignorance go hand-in-hand, but ignorance is more easy to cure. And everyone is fucking ignorant. I dont give a fuck who you are. Youve lived one life, 7.5 billion are available. You dont know shit about everyone else. Like, not something to be proud of. Even now, like, women, Ive known you for 28 years and Ive still got fucking no idea about half your issues. Im trying to get better, Im trying to learn, but its a slow fucking process. Im going to talk to you. Whats your name? Nick. Nick. Nick, can I ask you a question? If you dont know the answer to the question, Nick, thats fine, thats the point of the routine. I also dont know the answer, we can be idiots together. If you do know the answer to the question, Ill look like a fucking moron. Its win-win for you. Are you happy to participate? Cool. Nick, how do tampons work? Not a fucking clue? I admire your honesty. And your girlfriends like, What, why would he know? Okay, Im with you, Im with you. Um, Im saying I know how one form of sanitary product works, and that is the Moon Cup. Now, do you know about the Moon Cup, Nick? Little bit? Thats cool. Ill explain. Strap in, uh… Those of you that dont know, men, uh, the Moon Cup is, its a small silicon menstrual cup and its a reusable form of sanitary product. And the reason it exists is because women dont get free tampons. Because as we all know tampons are rightfully classified as luxury items. Uh, sitting on your thrones of joy! Oh, as a man, I dream but to one day afford a tampon. Ah, how the other half live! Women, you truly do get it all. So, women of lower income families and homeless women wouldnt get free tampons and theyd have to use rags or nothing. And theyd get infections and theres a high mortality rate. Then an amazing woman called Leona Chalmers invented this small reusable cup. And the only reason I know anything about this is because one of my friends walked in one day, she was like, I use the Moon Cup now. And I was like, Ew! And then she hit me, and thats fair. And afterwards, I was like, okay, can I ask you a bunch of questions about it? Shes like, Of course you can. Thats the only way youll stop being ignorant. What would you like to know? And I was like, how do you…? How do you actually– How do you get it up– I just– How do you get it up there? I just dont– How do you get an open end up an open end? Like, I just… Like, thats not how you stack cups. Like… Like, thats how you make horse noises in Monty Python. Like, thats not… I dont… And she was like, Its very simple, Dan. You go Italian and then you appreciate. I was like, ah-ha-ha. Okay. Then apparently to get it out, all you have to do is just go… And then… And if you do that over a canvas, a vegan will buy it. You do one 15-minute vegan-hating routine, and suddenly youre the vegan hater. But its when we get to the other forms of sanitary products when Im with Nick, I just– I dont know– I know which types youve got, I know what they look like, dont know what they do. I know youve got the, uh… Youve got the little fucking free-range bullets. I know those ones just, uh… the wee sad ones at the bottom of your handbags. Those are the ones that leave– Theres a-snake- in-my-boot string. I know that. Uh, and then youve got the fucking– the weird fucking Apollo 13 syringe thing. Like, it expands– Its like the memory thing from Men in Black. Like, pew. I dont– Ive got theories on how that works. I think its like a– I think its like a push in and scoosh. But even if that is the case, I still got more questions. Like, does it feel good? And women are disgusted by the concept of that question. Every time Im like, theyre like,No, no. Why would it feel good? Fine. Jesus. Okay. Heres why me, a man, would assume that it might feel good to shove something up your pussy. Because… you obviously dont know what its like to have a dick. And dicks are morons. Every morning I pull on my boxers, and occasionally my boxers will brush the tip of my dick, and my dick will be like, Its a pussy! And Im like… Where do you see a pussy? I thought I felt one. Mm-hmm. And where is it now? You must have scared it off. Oh, ho-ho-ho. Im gonna beat you to death. So… So, I was like learn– just learn how the tampons work. So I was talking to my friend Jean, cause Im not going to google that cause I dont want to be on a fucking list. And I was like, Jean, how do tampons work? And she was like, Please tell me how you think tampons work. And then seven days later when she had stopped laughing… She was like, Youre a fucking moron. And I was like, well, Im not a total moron. Like, I know how the pads work. Turns out I dont know how the pads work. Whats your name there? Alex. Lovely to meet you, Alex. Very simple question for you, Alex. Uh, you know the sticky bits on pads? What do the sticky bits stick onto? On to your underwear, correct. Not what I thought. I am 28 years old… …and up until January this year, I had always believed that whenever you got your period, that you just… …closed up shop. Like a Texas farm during a hurricane. Storms a coming! Oh, its going to be the largest one since 1979. Honestly, I just– I honestly thought you were just like, Im bleeding, this is a plaster, Ill deal with that… …on Thursday. Pick the scabs on Monday. Aw, write a fucking blog about it. Now, I will point out, its not my fault I dont know that. I was never taught how tampons work. Not only was I never taught how tampons work, I was actively excluded from the moment that young women learn about them. Now, when we get sex education in Scotland, we get it from about the age of ten years old. And they do teach about periods and stuff, but when they teach the girls about tampons, they take the girls through to another room with a nurse, so she can explain how the tampons work. And I get that. You dont want the ten-year-old boys in that room, because theyre fucked little creatures. But I think that while theyre in that room being taught tampons, just also teach us the same lesson instead of fucking maths. Because like I want– I do– I should know. We should all know how tampons work. ‘Cause Im going to be a father one day, and Im going to have daughters. My daughters are going to get periods. I dont know when, they dont know when. Thats the fun thing about periods. But their mother might not be around for their first period. She might be at work, she might be dead. Who knows what the future holds? Hey, itchy tits is very common. I want to be able to explain to my daughters how to use tampons, man. I dont want to be crouched in a bathroom with a 12-year-old, holding a tampon going, I dont know. Take a run up? And Im not criticizing sex education. I think sex education is one of the most important things in the entire world. Sex doesnt need to be terrifying the first time we have it. I believe the reason most of us are terrified the first time we have sex is cause we know so little about it. ‘Cause even when you are given sex education in countries like Scotland and over here, theyll teach you some bits, but not everything you need to know. Like its– it can be terrifying and stuff. Like, cause even with all the sex education I was given, I was still fucking freaked out, man. The first time I fingered a girl terrified me. I was 16 years old, right? And the reason it scared me is just because, like, the vagina is just way, way, way, lower… than I had anticipated because… ‘Cause its, its fucking– its right under there. Like its– cause my dicks on the front. Thats where my dick is. So, thats where I thought the pussy was. I didnt know youd hidden the thing. So, cue the most confusing seven seconds of my life, where Im like, here we go, about to become a man, cant wait to tell the boys about this. Where the fuck is this thing? Are you a Barbie? What is this?! Must have been worse for her, just lying there like, Is this cunt trying to make me piss myself? Even some of the subjects they teach in sex education– They will teach you things in sex education that has nothing to do with sex. They will teach you things that only doctors need to know. All right, boys and girls, pay attention to this diagram, cause this diagram is crucial to having sex. This is the labia… This is the vulva… Uh, this is the vuvuzela. These are the fallopian tubes. And youre like, cool! What do you want me to do with that information? These are the ovaries. Listen, if I ever see the ovaries, Ive fucked up. Like… I fucked up quite substantially. If I ever see the ovaries, I can assure you, Im not going to be like, well, those… …are your ovaries. Im gonna be like… What have I done? Wheres the clit? Im gonna google it anyway! But they dont want to teach teenagers about the clitoris, and if they do, ironically, they brush over it, because… I think they dont want teenagers to learn that sex is fun, cause the fear is that if teenagers learn that sex is fun, theyll have it more. Now, as with all fears, its fucking horseshit. When you dont teach teenagers enough about sex, they become curious. Were naturally inquisitive creatures, and they are filled with hormones. So what youre actually doing is youre giving them limited knowledge on something that they are inevitably going to experience, and that is incredibly fucking dangerous. Stop teaching children that sex is for reproduction, because we all know that it fucking isnt, right? Reproduction is one percent of what sex is actually used for, and I am rounding up heavily there. Most of us have had sex. Some of you will have had sex to have children. Those of you that have had sex to have children, I hope will be willing to admit that most of the time youve ever fucked was explicitly to not have children! Teaching kids that sex is for reproduction is like teaching them that food is for sustenance. Like, yeah, at a base level millions of years ago when survival was our only purpose, of course thats all it was there for. But its grown and evolved and changed with us. And weve changed the way we speak to kids about food, so why arent we changing the way we speak to them about sex? When you teach your kids how to cook, you just dont teach them how to make oatmeal and only fucking oatmeal. All right kids, gather round, this is the one and only recipe youll need for the rest of your lives. And even then only when youre starving! Dont google any others, you filthy little pervert. So… What you do is you get the oats and you get the water. My mom makes chicken wings. Your mothers a whore, Jason. Sex isnt for reproduction. Sex is for love, lust, revenge. Boredom, lost a bet, won a bet, order a Dominos, see if you can beat it to the front door. Also, Im not suggesting you teach the science side of sex. The science side of sex is absolutely fucked, right? The science side of sex is– Heres what I was told when I was young. Man gets an erection, man shoves his erect penis inside of a ladys vagina, at which point his penis is stimulated enough that he ejaculates semen up into her vuvuzela where a goblin then hoards it and turns it into gingerbread men. Who gives a shit? Only a doctor and midwife need to know about that. Because when I was 12 years old, all that manifested itself in my brain as was, women are vessels. Because what I was told was, heres what sex is. Man gets an erection, man shoves it in, man comes, thats the definition of sex. By the sounds of things, shes just lying there the whole time like– Thanks. That was real nice of you to do that for me. Ill just go turn this into an Uber driver, shall I? I was never taught that women enjoyed sex. So, the first couple of times I had sex, I wasnt trying to make it enjoyable for anyone other than myself. Thank God for my first girlfriend! First time we fucked, she was like, I didnt come. And I was like, You fucking come? I was never taught that women enjoyed sex. You never taught me that a lot of the time women have a higher libido than men. You never taught me that some of them like to be choked. That was a weird day! I could have done with that information a lot fucking sooner than I got it! You want me to what? What? Do I like this? And Im not suggesting we get teachers to teach this type of sex education. We do not pay teachers enough money to say the word orgasm 50 times in front of a bunch of 12-year-olds. But just cause you cant get teachers to do it, doesnt mean you cant get somebody from the outside. Somebody thats going to be fun and engaging with the kids. Somebody that they know is there to talk to them openly and honestly about sex. Someone theyre not scared to ask questions to. Someone thats sort of fun, charismatic, with stage presence. Ill do it. Ill do it for free. Id fucking kill for that job. Hi, boys and girls, my name is Daniel Sloss, but the girls call me Daddy. Ill get onto that in a second. All right, boys, first things first, the vagina way lower. Way… lower than it has any right to be quite frankly. Just keep going, and if you go too far, trust me, shell fucking tell you. Second thing second, some of them squirt. It might be piss, but none of us care at this point. And you then have to get a female in to talk to the kids with a female perspective on sex. She can go on before me, after me, doesnt matter. Shell be, Hi, boys and girls, my names Miss Jack. I need to talk to you about the womans experience during sex. And to the young boys in the classroom, this can be quite nerve-wracking. Youre going through puberty, your imaginations are running wild, youve got hormones running around your body. Probably sitting there quite nervous going ‘Oh, God, this is going to be so nerve-wracking. What do I do, what do I do? Well, lets get all the curiosity out the way right up top, because its all natural. There you go, thats a vagina. Look at it! Now, boys pay attention, this is a real pussy. This aint one of those porno pussies. This ones been to ‘Nam, okay? This is the labia, this is the vulva, this is the vuvuzela. This is the, um… What the fuck is that? Oh, thats a tampon string, I apologize. Sorry. No, no, boys, its not disgusting actually. In fact, its perfectly natural. In fact, any volunteers? Any? No? Real men do it with their teeth? All right boys, get your notepads out. Just up here, look boys. This is where the clitoris is. Its actually surprisingly easy to find. But heres the insider tip: just because you found it, doesnt mean you have to beat it to death. Be gentle! Its not Osama Bin Laden. Just because you found it, doesnt mean it has to die. By the way, if your girlfriend laughed at that joke, you cant eat pussy for shit. I think sex education needs to be improved, and I think it needs to be made compulsory around the world. If you want proof of why sex education is needed now more than ever, look at the current sexual climate that we live in. Exactly. Things arent going very well. A lot of people dont seem to know the rules. Or if they do know the rules, they dont seem to care. Its very, very easy to not sexually assault someone. Watch. Nailed it. Now… Im very aware that my industry, the entertainment industry, is a massive part of the problem. Its where the MeToo movement started. Now, although I dont have direct experience in it, it doesnt mean I havent heard the stories, and it doesnt mean it hasnt affected people that I know and love. My agent/manager, who Ive been with 11 years now, ten years ago she was told by somebody very, very, very high up from the BBC that if she wanted her TV show for one of her clients, she had to suck his dick. Right? Yeah. And she said no, which makes me question her commitment. But, um… But– but despite her selfishness, my career has flourished. Im assuming Netflix was anal. Mainly because I gave Netflix anal. Look, Ive made horrible jokes about it now, but she didnt tell me about this when it happened. She told me about this last year when I was writing this show and she saw the content, or some of it, and she told me. And I was like, why didnt you tell me about this when it happened? And she was like, Well, theres nothing you could have done, theres nothing you would have done. And why would I tell you about one in ten experiences? And that was a moment that really fucking hit me in the chest. Well, oh, Jesus Christ, I… I didnt know it was that common. Now, regardless of what your stance on the MeToo movement is, the conclusion everyone has to have arrived at by now is that this shit is horrifically common, cause thats just there in the stats. Like 50 women came forward about Bill Cosby. Eighty women came forward about Harvey Weinstein. Yet there are still some people who will look at that and go, Well, I guess well never know what happened. Fucking hell, I bet you were shite at Blues Clues. Man, if 50 women accused me of sexual assault, Id think Id done it. Its too many to not be true. If 50 women are like, You sexually assaulted us, Id be like, fuck, did I? I must have! Theres no other reason why you would all say that. Unless you all had a meeting in the bathroom– I know whats up. Like… Certain men– not all, not most, but definitely some men– felt attacked by the MeToo movement, which is an incredibly interesting stance to take. If you feel under attack by the MeToo movement, heres my question for you. What have you done? Like, what alarm bell is going off in the back of your head? ‘Cause I think most men had a similar reaction to the MeToo movement that I did. Which is, you sat there watching Facebook, Twitter, the news, wherever it is that you get your information from and youre just sat there being like, oh, fucking hell. Okay, I knew it was a problem, but I didnt realize it was this big. Oh, my God, okay, this is everywhere. Oh, my God, I didnt realize it affected that many women I know. Fucking hell, I feel a bit closed-minded. Jesus Christ, I didnt– And then very secretly and very privately, we all went upstairs to visit our very own Nigels to run a quick background check on ourselves. Zero shame in double-checking. Thats the first thing I did. I ran straight upstairs and I was like, Nigel! And he was like, Mr. Sloss! I went, zero time for that shit, Nigel. Theres some very serious stuff going on outside. I need you to run through every single sexual encounter Ive ever had and make sure it was all above board and consensual. And he was like, You know, that might take a while. And then we high-fived. And then… And then seven days later… He was like, Mr. Sloss, just double-checked. As we thought, youre all in the clear. I was like, thats excellent news, Nigel. Im going to go assist the movement. But some men went to visit their Nigels, and their Nigels were like, Burn it down! And these are the men that are trying to change the narrative of the MeToo movement, and theyre doing it in a very, very intelligent way. Theyre doing it via deflection. Theyre bringing up things that are important but not necessary to what the discussion is about. Theyll say things like, What about men? Men get sexually assaulted too. Yes, yes they do. By men. Eighty-four percent of male sexual assault survivors were sexually assaulted by men. But what about all the false allegations? Well, less than one percent of rape allegations are false. Well, its a witch hunt! Its a bloody witch hunt! Well, its not. Mainly cause witches didnt exist. Thats why witch hunts were shitty. Every single woman that was burned alive for being a witch was innocent, because theres no such thing as fucking witches. There are such things as rapists. Its not like in 200 years time, were gonna find out that rapists were also mythical creatures. Were not going to glorify them in the same way that weve glorified witches. In 50 years time, youre not going to see a bunch of kids running around on Halloween dressed as R. Kelly. No. If youve ever seen my live shows before, youll understand that they follow a very similar format every year. I do about 70 to 75 minutes worth of jokes. Jokes that I enjoy telling, jokes that I sincerely hope you enjoy listening to. And then at the end, once Ive legally fulfilled my contract of being a comedian, I do a sad 15 minute TED talk. Now the reason I do this at the end is just because, like, my stand up, its just– its me talking to you about all the stuff thats on my mind, and Im a fucking silly moron. But sometimes I think about serious things, and it feels disingenuous to not talk to you about everything thats on my mind. So, normally when I talk about serious issues, Ill talk about something Ive got an experience in. I dont think thats crucial. Its just a choice Ive made so far. Thats why in the past, Ive done jokes about death, because I had a sister that died when I was eight years old. Ive done jokes about disability. She had cerebral palsy. Ive done jokes about having a giant dick. Its a burden I must bear. But when it comes to sexual assault, even though Ive never been sexually assaulted and Ive never done a sexual assault, to say that it doesnt affect me just isnt true, because it affects people I know and love and that in turn affects me. Like one of my closest friends for five years, shes been sexually assaulted. You dont get to tell me that this isnt a me issue too. A little bit of a backstory to her. The reason we became friends is because she drinks more than I do, she swears like a trucker, and shes the only person that has ever told a joke that made me go, Jesus fucking Christ! And shes done that on three separate occasions. And I will tell you all three. Me and her were having a dinner, uh, last year. Just we happened to be in the same city. I was gigging, she was working there, pure fucking coincidence. Went out for food after the show. While we were out having food, second coincidence of the day happened. Two of my guy friends walked by. Im like, what the fuck are you cunts doing here? Theyre like, Were getting shit-faced. Do you want to come? I was like, uh-huh. And they were like, Whos that? And I introduced them. And it was one of those nerve-wracking moments. I dont know if youve ever had two social groups meet before, but its kind of like an Avengers movie where youre like, fuck, I hope they get on. And they did, and they got out, we went drinking. Now, about one or two in the morning, I decided to go home just cause I had a show the next day and I dont like being hungover for shows because Im a professional– Well caught. That is the first lie of the show. Somebody gave me a joint, and I went home for a wank. And… I had a great wank. Thank you for asking. Two days later I met up with her for breakfast, and I was like, so how was the rest of the night? She was like, Im not telling you. And I was like, Oh, ho-ho-ho-ho. Fuck yes! Its the international sign of gossip. She goes, Im not telling you. And Im like, oh, you will. Tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me, tell me. Eventually I managed to get her to crack. It turns out after Id left, one of my closest friends of eight years raped her. Which is not information that I wanted to receive over breakfast. Uh, or at any meal. Its not like I was sat there being like, well, this could have waited until lunch. I was horrified, I was shocked, I was angry, I believed her. Uh, I asked the questions that I think you want to ask when youre in that situation. I was like, are you okay? And she was like, No! And I was like, yeah, no, fair point, stupid question. Can I have another one please? And then I asked a question that I didnt want to ask. Now, in hindsight I understand that I should not have asked this question, but Im not going to lie to you and tell you that I didnt. It was a ignorant question and it came from an ignorant man. I asked the question. I said, I have to ask, Ive known this guy for eight years. Did you… did you say no? And these are her words not mine. She went, Yeah, more times than the 2 Unlimited song. To which I said… Fucking wh– Fucking what song? And she was like, Oh for Christ– You know the… ? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, theres no limit ? Now… Im with most of you. As a human being that makes me immeasurably sad, but as a comedian, muwah! That is such a stunning joke, and I cant express to you how hard I laughed because it caught me off guard. Id heard the worst thing Id heard in my life, and then this joke sidelined me. And I saw the look in her eyes. I know that look of just fucking say it. Like, it made me laugh so much. ‘Cause I understand making jokes about a serious subject does not mean that you do not take it seriously. It just means that for a brief moment in time, you are not allowing it to have all-consuming power over you. I understand the catharsis of laughing at trauma. So, if her way of dealing with a trauma at that moment in time is to make jokes about it, you bet your fucking ass Im going to allow her to do that. Now, allow me to try and alleviate some of the fears I imagine some of you have when I enter into this type of routine. First things first, Ive asked if I can tell her story on stage. Its one of the first things I did. Since shes been through this, weve been spending a lot of time together. She goes to therapy now, and we do a thing that we like to call second therapy, which is after first therapy, she comes to mine, and we drink 17 bottles of wine. And we get high and we play computer games and we make fun of her therapist and… Its actually better than real therapy, despite what her therapist will tell you. But what the fuck does she know? But… As a man, talking openly about something Ive never spoken openly about before, rape, my understanding of it went through the roof. And thats not a bad thing. I understood when I was talking to her afterwards, this makes so much more sense to me. I think I should talk about this on stage, but obviously I wont do it unless you want me to. Can I tell your story on stage? And she said, Yes, but when has my permission ever been needed for anything? Well… Except I didnt do that. I laughed at that joke for 25 minutes. Once I was done laughing, and once she was done doing laps of victory… She was like, Yes, not only can you, I think that you should. So, Im going to. And this is when we arrive at this point in the show. Youve all paid to see a comedy show, and Im now talking about rape. And some of you, rightfully, do not want me to try and make that funny. So here we are… uncomfortable. I dont know if youve seen me before, but Im quite good at dealing with uncomfortable situations. Mainly because I create them. Gonna ask for a little bit of trust here. Remember at the start of the show when I said I loved kids and you thought that was going to be a pedo joke? Turns out it was a nice joke about how much I loved my goddaughter. Gonna ask for the same type of trust here. Trust that my hearts in the right place. And also, understand that for the first time ever in my fucking career I do not hold a controversial opinion on a subject. Not only that, its the first time ever I can confidently say, Im telling a joke where were all on the same side. Were all on the same side. We all agree that rape is the worst thing you can do. It is the worst thing you can do. Murder is justifiable. Of course it is. Not legally but to us. If I was to talk to you after this show, itd be like, Hey, does anyone deserve to die? Youd be like, Daniel! What a horrible thing to say! Why on earth would you ever–? Yeah, whos on your list? You can under some extreme circumstances justify murder. You cannot under any circumstance justify rape. Thats why youve never been asked the moral question in philosophy, Hey, if you could go back in time, would you rape Hitler? N-N-No. No, but like when hes a baby? Thats much worse! Rape is the worst thing you can do. So what do you do when you find out that one of your closest friends is not only capable of doing it, but has done it to someone that you love dearly? Um, I didnt handle it well. Im still not handling it that well to be honest with you. Its a tough thing to process. Its a hard thing to come to terms with. He was one of my closest friends. My initial reaction wasnt a fucking strong one. It was one of, you know, toxic masculinity, one of violence. The caveman in my brain was like, Shall I take over? And I was like, 100 %. If there was ever a time to hunter-gatherer, its fucking now. All I wanted to do was just find him and just pin him down and put his head on the side of the curb and just stamp on his head repeatedly until he was dead. Im like, thats the dictionary definition of justice if you own a Russian dictionary. And… I stood up and I was like, Im going to go beat him up. And she was like, Oh, for fuck sake. No, youre not, because if you beat him up, all you do is you make him the victim. And I was like, I dunno what to do with all of this anger! And she was like, Now you know how I feel. And I was like, whoa, Ill just get back into my place. Ill be here when you need me. Do you know the WiFi– doesnt matter. She let me confront him, I was allowed to do that. I wanted to– It wasnt going to change my opinion of him. But, yeah, I wanted to hear what he had to say for himself. I wanted to hear the words of a man I thought I knew. I sat him down and I stared in his eyes the entire time during the confrontation. I didnt break eye contact at any point. It was a lot like a game of hide-and-seek. I looked dead into his eyes, I accused him, and he admitted it. He fucking admitted it. Oh, he made his excuses. Oh, man, it was an accident, I didnt mean to. I was drunk, it wont happen again. Just back me up this once. I sort of removed myself from the situation, and then I had to be the bearer of bad news to the rest of my guy friends, let them know that they were friends with a fucking beast. They reacted with the same level of maturity that I did. They were like, We should beat the shit out of him. And I was like, we cant beat the shit out of him. Apparently if we beat the shit out of him, he becomes the victim. And they were like, We dont know what to do with all this anger! And I was like, now you know how women feel. And they were like, Fuck, thats deep. And I was like, I know, I thought of it myself. Im just so woke, ugh! We sat down, we discussed it with each other. It wasnt a long discussion. It was– We decided to do what we thought was right. I dont know if this was right, but this is what we did. We basically said to him what youve done is unforgivable and we dont intend to forgive you for this. Like, we dont have your back throughout this. Youre not our friend anymore. We want to believe this isnt who you are, but clearly it is. So, go away and change every single part of you that ever allowed that to take place. Stop drinking, stop doing drugs, go to therapy. And even once youve done all those things, continue to fuck off cause we just dont want to hang out with you anymore. We found out two months after that had taken place that he was still drinking, still doing drugs, hadnt gone to therapy. And we now know that it was not an isolated incident. And hes still out there. People have asked if shes going to go to the police. Thats her decision. Ive encouraged her to go to the police. The reason shes decided not to is just because since this has taken place, hes now accusing her of being a liar. Hes changed his story. Hes now accusing me of being a liar. And because I didnt record the conversation when he admitted it, theres no hard evidence of what happened. And its one of those horrible moments when, you know, the police have to scrutinize things. And for her, its just not something that she wants to go through. And she was like, Look, I dont want to go through this. Its just like– Ive got to get past this as much as I can myself. And I dont want to be seen as a victim if it goes public. ‘Cause Im not a victim, Im a survivor. And I was like, well that is a bit of an understatement. Ive been with you through most of this process. Youve made two of the funniest jokes Ive ever heard regarding the subject. I have never seen strength like it. You took a rape on the chin– not my finest comment. And she was like Actually, I cant remember where he finished. Im going to need you to stop doing that. Thats what I said. She is funnier and stronger than Ill ever be. Shes also not wrong. If every single woman who has experience of sexual assault was to go to the police, there are not enough police officers or courtrooms in the world to deal with the problem. And thats not even taking into consideration that the problem goes all the way to the very top. And thats not my way of saying you shouldnt go to the police. Its just my way of letting you know how big this fucking problem is. Ninety-seven percent of rapists will not spend a single day in jail. That is a real statistic. That is fucking abhorrent. So how do we fix that? How does society– how do we fix this? How do we stop this happening? Its all Ive been thinking about for the past year. Over and over and over again. How do you fix this? How do you stop this? How do you prevent this from happening? And Ive got no answers, man. The only thing I can think of is it has to involve us. And by us, I mean men. Now, to the women in the room, I know you know this. None of this is new information to you. Youve lived your life, youve got your experiences, and your voices are more important and necessary in this discussion than mine. That being said, I would still like to lend my voice to the discussion. And to the men in the room, I want to make something crystal clear. This isnt an attack. Im not accusing you of anything. And more importantly, Im not accusing your friends of anything. Im just trying to tell you my experience, and this is my experience. I knew this man for eight years, and he fucking did it. There are monsters amongst us, and they look like us. If you are sick of the narrative thats currently going on about men, feel free to change it, but you have to get involved. Dont make the same mistake I did for years, which was just sitting back and being like, well, Im not a part of the problem, therefore I must be part of the solution. ‘Cause thats just not how this fucking shit works. I believe and deep down I know that most men are good. Of course we are. But when one in ten men are shit and the other nine do nothing, they might as well not fucking be there. Being good on the inside counts for absolutely fuck all. You have to actively be good and get involved. Instead of having this fucking hero complex of being like, Im going to beat up a rapist, fucking prevent one, stop one, because I know it can be done because I know how I fucking failed at it. Because if Im being 100 % honest with myself, were there signs in my friends behavior over the years towards women that I ignored? The answer is yes. And then he raped my friend, and thats on me until the day I die. Talk to your fucking boys. Get involved. ‘Cause Im going to be honest with you lads, women are trying their hardest to not get raped. Like, every day, they try to not get raped. I think its their priority. Mines is WiFi. I cant do much. I just wont do nothing anymore. And Im just suggesting that you do the same. Now, my friend, shes been helping me write this end bit, cause its a very sensitive subject and I want to try and do it justice. And after the first preview, I was very, very nervous. And I ran up to her and I was like, what do you think? Do you think Im making it too much about me? And she was like Yeah, every second of every day. Thats what youre doing right now, you fucking moron. And I was like– It means I love you. She was like, Thats the only way you can do it. Only talk about it from your perspective. ‘Cause men will listen to you. And they will. Because I look like them. And thats not fair, but its true. So, maybe we can use it to our advantage. Theres a very famous experiment several years ago. Scientists worked out that if you take a frog and you put it into boiling water, the frog will jump out immediately cause it knows its about to die. Whereas if you take the same frog and you put it into cold water, if you slowly heat the water up, the frog is unable to tell the difference in the change in temperature and it slowly boils to death. Ill be the water. Ladies, youre boiling as you have every single right to be at this point in time. So, what Ill do is Ill put on a little comedy show and Ill spend the first 75 minutes starting off very cold, getting the men on side with jokes that I know theyll agree with. Ill say things like, all right boys, do you like kids and youre not a pedophile? And theyll be like, I do like kids and Im not a pedophile. Thats very well observed. Interesting. I want to listen to more of what my twin brother has to say. Im like, all right, boys, do you like drinking? Theyre like, Fucking hell, Im a complex individual, but thats two for two. Hes absolutely nailed me. This is unbelievable. Is he a psychic or a comedian, what is this show? Come on! Theres no way hell get the third thing. The third thing would be impossible. Pussies are confusing. Fuck me dead. Never has a man seen into my soul so much. And then Ill slowly turn the temperature up. Now, dont worry, I will leave on an actual joke, so we dont all leave here sad. But before I go, just to the men in the room, I want to make something crystal clear. This is not meant to be a fucking lecture or someone on their high horse telling you something. Its a man who fell off his fucking horse. Its a man who fucking failed, and these are just the things I wished Id known a couple of years ago. If you think this does not affect the women in your life, talk to them after this show and watch your world crumble before your very eyes. If you think this does not affect the women in your life, its not because its not happening to them. Its because they dont trust you enough to talk to you about it. And thats the single worst thing I ever learned about myself. Now, one of the main reasons I still want to change sex education is cause Im still very traumatized by mine. Because when we were ten years old, we were given the birthing video. Now… Oh, youve seen it? Maybe you were in it. Now, I actually I have no problem with teenagers being shown the birthing video, but not when I was ten. I was scared of the dark, never mind vagina. The first pussy I ever saw looked like the door from The Shining. And our head teacher, right? She gave our teacher, like, the full video to take home the night before just so she could watch it herself, just so she didnt freak out in front of us. Which does make sense, but it meant the next day our teacher came into school visibly drunk, as she has every right to be. She gathers us all round the telly. Shes like, Come on, you fucking, yeah. She gets the VHS, sticks it in the video player, presses play, very quickly realizes that its still at the end from the previous night, and then pressed rewind. Some of you clearly remember how VHS works. Its not like Netflix or DVDs. It doesnt go straight back to the start, does it? Fuck! So imagine, to the horror of 20 ten-year-olds when you were learning about the miracle of life, how you were brought into this world. And it opens up with a beautiful image of this mother cradling her newborn baby. Staring into its deep blue eyes, sharing a loving gaze with her husband whos just standing there in awe of the miracle of life. And then this fucking doctor just– Moonwalks in, confiscates the baby. Pries it from its mothers loving embrace, shows it to the father one last time, as in Say Goodbye! And then… Still a better hiding place than anything Avas ever found though, so I guess… Sydney, youve been a pleasure. Ive been Daniel Sloss. Thank you very much, good night.

AMANDA SEALES@I BE KNOWIN@2019@Now, yall keep asking me, Amanda, who is this special for? And I keep telling yall, Its for my sisters! But its comedy, so its really for everybody. Okay, maybe not for everybody. Everybody except for racists, rapists, sexists, misogynists, narcissists. You know, folks that are callin the cops on black folks just livin our lives. Yeah, it aint for you. It aint for fuck boys, or trife gals, or that one ex, who still aint paid you that money back he owes you. Uh-huh. No laughs for them. It aint for Trump voters, or coons, or… people who dont believe that white men can be terrorists. It aint for homophobes, or transphobes, or xenophobes. You know that wall is some bullshit. Hmm. It aint for bullies, it aint for poachers, it aint for abusers. It aint for people who keep asking me, Amanda, can I pick your brain? No! It aint for dudes who want head but dont wanna eat no pussy! It aint for you! It also is not for people who dont take care of their kids. It aint for people who take their shoes and socks off on planes. Who raised you? It aint for fronters. It aint for fakers. It aint for the phonies. It aint for haters. Nah, Im frontin! It is for the haters. ‘Cause, you know, yall be tryin to stop me from gettin my shine. But guess what? I cant stop. Wont stop. You know why? ‘Cause… Give it up for phat girl, a young girl… Amanda Seales! I be… -Knowin. New York! We did it. We here. My people. Ah! The real ones. The truth-tellers. The responsible hoes. I see you, boos. I always say, we responsible hoes cause we got levels. We know our credit score. All right. We get annual pap smears. Keep it tight. But when we hear… We know the proper protocol! Women got levels. Anyone who identifies as a woman understands, its a journey. Right? Being a woman is a journey. Lots of twists and turns. We dealin with things that people dont even… know that were dealing with. Titties. Okay? It dont matter what size your titties is. At the end of the day, when you take your bra off, they audibly sigh. You goin back to the motherland in your living room. Okay? Theres a crowd outside chanting, Free the titties! Free the titties! Theres a reporter in your room, interviewing your nipples, like, How does it feel to be free from that padded cell? My God, it feels so good to feel the wind in my hair. Theres hair on nipples? Yes. Then we have these periods. Right? I thought by now, Id be used to it. I really did. But still it be like, ta-da! Im like, where did you come from? And so I find myself, more often than Id like to… in a public restroom, doing this. Wrapping toilet paper around a crotch. Because by 37, Ive become a menstrual MacGyver. Then theres the whole… Theres a whole thing about going out. Okay. Some of yall barely made it here tonight. I be havin to cheer myself on. Like really, in the house, like, Okay, okay, okay, okay. Like, really. Its real. You do all of that and youre like, Okay, okay. You get dressed. I dont know about yall, but I be havin theoretical outfits. That only really live in theory. My hypothesis sometimes fails. ‘Cause then I put it on and Im, like, Oh. Look at that. Hit and a miss. But youre not gonna change. ‘Cause if I change, Im going to sleep. If I take the clothes off, Im going to sleep. Okay? Its gonna be me and Lando. In the crib. So… you have to find another source of confidence to be like, This works. For me, that is the, uh, gay black man that lives within me. LaTravious-s-s-s… I consult with LaTravious in the mirror, because LaTravious is a gay black man, and gay black men have more confidence than anybody on the planet. They have to cause theyre dealing with oppression from multiple sides. They got racism over here. They got homophobia over here. Thats why the walk is so mean. ‘Cause they be like, No, bitch. No, bitch. No bitch. No bitch. Come for me. Come for me. Come for me. Come for me. Beyoncé. Wear that. Thats cute. Im like, Okay, he fuck with it. Im ready to go. So, then you head out. Right? You hit that threshold and youre like, skrrt. ‘Cause you realize… you did not paint your toenails. And you have an inner conflict because one part of you is like, I am not hampered by societys limitations of femininity. I am my personality, not my appearance. For colored girls who considered suicide when the rainbow is enough. The other part of you is like, Mmm… These shits look pre-historic. So youve got to come to a compromise within yourself. And that compromise is to just paint the two that are showing. He got to earn that pinky toe! He got to earn that pinky toe! Were dealing with real things. Women are still dealing with cat-calling. Why? Has it ever been proven effective? No! I was on a show on CNN… where I had to discuss cat-calling with the whitest white man of whitery. You know, like the kind of white man that wears two polos at the same damn time. One, a-two. So… He comes on the screen and hes like, Ah-ah-ah-ah. I think we can all agree… Okay. Uh-uh. The minute I hear a straight white man say, I think we can all agree, I know, we do not agree. We dont. So, this man is on TV, and he has the caucasity… …to say, Eh, I think we can all agree that all women love getting compliments from men in the street. Whom? When I hear such foolery, it makes me… first, just, go to the root. And I say, Okay. This is somebody who doesnt know what a compliment is. And, you know, black women… …we are the masters at compliments. We… We have taken compliments down to a precise science of conciseness, where we dont even say a full sentence. We just say at you… what were looking at on you. Okay, polka-dots! When its that easy, you gotta hand em out all the time. ‘Cause you gotta remember, it doesnt diminish you any to pick another sister up. Compliments. How could he not know? For clarification… If Im in Brooklyn… at midnight… and a Jamaican man… …appears from the shadows. Sweetness-s-s-s… You look like a vanilla ice cream. Me wan lick you. Ookoo, ookoo. -Thats not a compliment. -Thats a threat. If Im in Harlem… and some brothers pause their dice game– its the polite thing to do– and theyre like, Yaw! Shorty rock and rough and stuff with one Afro puff. And the jacket and the pants with the dada-dada-dada-dada on it. I see you, maaa! Whats really good. Yeah, its not a compliment. Its an observation. Then they want you to smile. Why you mad? Let me see them pearly whites. Yo, why you aint smiling, man? You know why Im not smiling? ‘Cause I just spent the last 20 minutes in a public bathroom fashioning a makeshift maxi pad… …out of a long-ass CVS receipt. Just so I dont got to walk around here, looking like a dire wolf bit me in the pussy. You still trying to holla, nigga? Whats up? They even wanted Harriet Tubman to smile, yall. Remember when they were talking about putting Harriet Tubman on the $20 bill? There was a room full of white men who got together and said… Ah-ah-ah-ah! I think we can all agree… Harriet Tubman just doesnt look happy. You dont say! Well, gee willikers! I just cant think about why Harriet Tubman… doesnt look chipper! Also, for the record, in our minuscule teachings of black history in public school, its not like Harriet Tubman was ever considered a jokester. Like, she was resourceful, you know. She was dedicated. She was revolutionary. She was heroic. Frederic Douglas, the orator! Martin Luther King, the leader! Harriet Tubman. She had them jokes! Never, not once. But Harriet Tubman brought so many folks to freedom. And you know that in her numerous travels, bringing folks across that Mason-Dixon line, she came across a number of different personalities. And I know at least one of em was a complainer. And theres a very good chance that it was a man. Just picture it. Its the dark of night. You can hear the dogs from the lynch mob. Ruff, ruff, ruff, ruff. Bitch-ass racists is running, Get them n i g g e r s! Theyre runnin! Get em! Scat! Harriet and… Willie. The odds are high. They runnin. They runnin, right? They runnin through the woods. You know, they runnin through the stream to try and lose the scent. Here come Willie. Is we there yet? This sho is a long walk to freedom. Itd be nice if you could lighten the mood a bit. Tell a little joke or somethin. Now Harriet, in an effort… not to shoot this nigga… …would go to her resources. Her handkerchief. Every picture you see, Harriet Tubman got this handkerchief on. I feel like it was magical. So in this situation, she would reach into that handkerchief. Shed pull out a joke. Its on a scroll. Okay, Willie. Why did the chicken cross the road? Willie get hyped. I dont know, HT. Why? To get to freedom, nigga, thats why! Now keep walking! The joke stylings of Harriet Tubman. Yeah, they really didnt teach us shit. Black history, we had to figure it out, most of us. We didnt even learn about… the Negro national anthem. They kept that real hush-hush. I didnt learn about the Negro national anthem until I was in 10th grade. Yeah. My mother is from Grenada. So she aint know about that shit. My father is from Roxbury, Boston. I dont know about that nigga. He didnt keep up his end of the parental cultural bargain. So, I just had to figure some shit out just by being around other black folks, okay? But what I did learn is that no matter what type of black person you are, and I always say, Every black experience is a black experience, unless it is anti-black. Regardless, we all sing the Negro national anthem Lift Every Voice and Sing, the same way. We start it like we are at our mans mama house for the first time. Shall we? Someone starts to double-clap. Stop. There are white people in here right now that are like… Theyre having meetings. There are people watching this right now, they just found out theres a Negro national anthem… and that it is not a song from Hamilton. I love how… on this next part, its almost as if its creators, John and James Weldon Johnson was like, Shh! We gotta throw some stank on it. ‘Cause it all of sudden turns up… Skrrt, skrrt! Yall better sing! Yall better sing. Now listen. The night Obama won… Dont think about it too long, cause itll… Youll get a… Its like when you masturbate to an ex, you cant… you gotta get in that memory and get out. You gotta get out that shit quick. Dont put your bag down in that memory. No, no, no, no. You gotta… Play with your mind, right? Dont do that shit. Just go, a-heh, heh, heh, heh. All right? The night Obama won, I was at an event. It was a very diverse event. Everybody there wanted to see him victorious, okay? So we were all cheering, excited when they announced he won. We all exalted. Everybody was watching the screen and they had a feed of all these different places that were celebrating his winning. And they landed at a church, and the church was singing Lift Every Voice and Sing. And so we all joined hands in kind, and started singing along, and thats when I saw, the black people see the white people in this room who had thought, up until this very moment, that they was the most down-ass white people. Play ball! Got the whole nation in an uproar over the national anthem when we should be singing this shit, since its mostly Negroes on the field, anyway! Kaep would be like, Whoa. Mission accomplished. I learned about the Negro national anthem in the back seat of a purple Dodge Neon. My sophomore year of high school, sitting next to my… best friend. A white girl named Julia. And Julia was like… I just feel like… being friends with you all… I should know your anthem. And I was like, Yeah, bitch. We know your anthem. Thats all black girls that grew up with white girls. I am you. You were the only black girl at the slumber party. You were going in the pool with a shower cap. Yes. Keisha, teach us how to dance! Teach us how to dance! Yeah. Youre like black, but not like black-black. You know what I mean? I grew up with all the white people. I really did. I grew up with all the white people. So, I feel like I have a handle… on the white folks. So much to say that you can really categorize them as two… sides: Theres white people, and people who happen to be white. Now, people who happen to be white know and understand that there aint no truth to whiteness. Its not based on anything biological or anthropological. It was only created for the sole purpose of oppression. Okay. But… people who happen to be white also know that as fake as whiteness is in reality, its privilege is real. So, they know to use their privilege to give access to those who dont have access to that privilege. People who happen to be white, I call them Hannahs. White people… believe the lie that whiteness makes them better. They actually think it makes them supreme. And if you believe that something that was created for the sole purpose of oppressing others makes you better, then you aint shit. We call them Beckys. Thats what it is. The thing about it, though, is that… whether you are a white woman or a woman who happens to be white, you have been… basically protected. Like, the entire world has been taught to protect white women and women who happen to be white, at the threat of death. And so, what has happened is similar to like when kids arent exposed to germs and so their immune system doesnt develop. White women and women who happen to be white aint been exposed to criticism. So now they all fragile and they be cryin all the goddamned time. And now all of us gotta deal with that shit. Every day at work. Now because of this fragility, no one is telling white women and women who happen to be white about their problematic behaviors. Well… tonights the night. Now, see, black women, we know the shit that folks dont like that we do. ‘Cause they tell us all the time. We know yall think we angry. But we are not hostile. We just passionate. Were aware. We just dont care. We know that you dont appreciate when we communicate with the movie screen. Elevating it to an interactive experience. We are aware… but we dont care. We know that it perturbs you, deeply… that our hairstyles change approximately every 2.5 weeks. Right now, there is a woman benefiting from white privilege who is storming into a break room in a huff. Did you see Renita? Last week, she had an adorbs pixie cut. And today… she showed up with dreadlocks! And I didnt recognize her on the elevator. And now she thinks Im a racist. Renita is in her office. She is aware. But she dont care! She aint got time to care. ‘Cause shes composing an email, that she has now written four times, and had to delete, delete, delete, delete, delete. ‘Cause she was tellin the truth, but its gonna send her to HR. ‘Cause now she has to employ that whole other language that any black person who is attempting to excel in this country has had to learn. We all have had to learn duality, so that we can talk on the block and in the boardroom, just to protect yall. ‘Cause yall done turned passive-aggression into a synonym for professionalism! So, Renita got to go, delete, delete, delete, delete, delete, every time she write that first line. And we have all learned this skill, so much so, have you ever met nigga s in LA? Them nigga s talk like a white woman ordering at Starbucks. Legit, okay? They sound like Anthony Hopkins at McDonalds. I mean, it is incredible. They have perfected their elocution. I believe because the LAPD has perfected its racism. So its a survival tactic. I was walking down the street one time, and I heard a brother behind me going, Excuse me, excuse me. I turn around, and see him going… Im like, What in the Oompa Loompa? And then I realize, Im in LA. He tryin to hit his gangsta pose. But I keep walking, so he keeps having to recalibrate. Shit. So I said, Let me just let this nigga live, man. So Im like, Whats up, playa? Whats up? Whats that? And he said… First and foremost… …youre an incredible specimen of femininity. Ive never been hollered at… …in such a way. I was like, Oh. Uh… Okay. And then I passed him a copy of Shakespeares Julius Caesar. He was like, Oh. Friends, Romans, country– Buntry men. Lend me your motherfucking ears! But back to Renita, and this email. She at the computer, yall. Shes stressed. She wanna say… Why you not readin my shit? But she cant say that. So you know what she has to say? Delete, delete, delete, delete. Per my previous email… But theres a behavior that white women and women who happen to be white are doing. Its an infraction that youre committing on a regular basis that all of us in here would love for you to stop doing. Its plaguing offices everywhere. Please. We beg of you. Stop ccing all these unnecessary people! On these goddamned emails! Stop! Stop! Why you sharin on this goddamned email? She aint got shit to do with what were doing over here! What you tryin to do, Becky? What you tryin to do? ‘Cause I got the receipts! I got the receipts! Ah! You aint think I had that shit. Well, nigga s got me fucked up. Ooh! Exactly. Shit. Heh. She aint know I stay ready. When you a black person in any office, you stay ready. ‘Cause youre always wondering, How black am I gon have to get? And what that really means is, youre going through a series of checkpoints on how you gon check somebody. On a scale of Stacey Dash to Nat Turner. I was on a flight once, and I was the only black person on the flight. No, I know. It was one of those things where, like, you dont really notice it, like, you minding your own business. You like… How black am I gon have to get? ‘Cause you know something was gonna go down, you know? So I sit down in my seat. And this couple sits next to me. I can tell immediately that theyre not American white, because American white has a couple of washes. Its a little dingy. And these people looked like they sprung forth from an Alp… singing Frozen, skied down onto the tarmac on a sleigh, and then boarded this flight. We all know that if youre in the aisle, you can get up and sit down as many times as you want. You can go to the bathroom, come back, its fine. Whatever. Thats your aisle. If youre in the middle seat, I mean, you played yourself. I dont know what you was thinkin. This is silly. You should have thought earlier, you should have booked faster. I mean, this is foolish. I cant promise you armrests. I cant. You need to sleep on the tray table. Yep. Compress. If you at the windows… you run the windows. Okay? If there are four windows here, I run these windows. These is my windows. Everybody know that. So we begin to taxi… and it happened. A hand… reached across my body… …to close the window. How black am I gon have to get? Now this is a good time in the show for me to share with you all… that I am trans. Trans-thug. I was born in this body, but within me, is Suge Knight. So when that hand reached across my body, without even thinking I was, like… Pass that shit back! No joke. She gon get all huffy. Uh, eh, uh, uh, uh… I was just trying to close my window. Whose window? Mm! So I was like, Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. I was really getting revved up. Really getting turnt, and… When I decided how black I was gonna get, I said, You know what? You aint tryin to get on the no-fly list. So, were gonna handle this… um, at Michelle Obama black. They go low… We go high. We go high. I decided to… dig into my masters in African-American studies from Columbia University… …that I am still paying for… …and handle this intellectually. So I said, You know, maam, I think this is just a cultural difference. Here in America… we are all about personal space. And this… is my personal space. And you invaded my personal space. Thats when her little boo-thing, Prince Harry, gon chime in. Ah-ah-ah-ah. I think we can all agree… You dont have to tell her about personal space. Ooh! Okay, Prince Patrick. Go ahead. Now, I couldnt discern what language they were speaking, but it sounded something like this: Zu-ba-da-ba-da-ba-a-ba-la… personal space. Za-ba-da-la-da-ba-a-ba-la… okay. So, you dont want me to explain personal space. But yall dont even have the words personal space in your language! But Im a peaceful soul. So I say, Im gonna let them have this. So we took off. Now, later on in the flight when we began our initial descent, I was asleep. But remember, Im a thug. So I sleep with… Thats right. One eye open. So I hear Prince Richard… say, Ah-ah-ah! Can you please close the window? And I awaken… thinking hes speaking to me. When I realized, no! Hes addressing a flight attendant. Betrayal. So I get turnt. Oh, my God. Im like, Oh! Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh! Oh, oh! Thats what we doing. Thats what we… okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Yeah, I was like, How black am I gon get? We about to be Suge Knight Turbo out here, all right? You know how like, when the Hulk turns green? I started turning into a red suit, okay? A cigar starting forming in his fingers, okay? I was like, Oh, heeeell, no! Oh, heeeell, no! You wanna be with somebody where the people aint in all the videos. Like, it was really… It was about to go down. But through my rage… I thought I saw an apparition. And I realized, no, no, no. This is real. I was wrong, yall. I wasnt the only black person on that plane. And this wasnt just a black flight attendant. Yall, this was a nigga-ttendant. He looked like just the day before, he was bouncin at a strip club. And he turned to some stripper and was like, I just wanna see the world. And she was like, Go and get yo wings, baby. And here he was. Tyrone. The odds are high. Flying the friendly skies. So Prince Matthew over here… gon ask again. Excuse me. Can you close the window? And… Tyrone and I… exchanged that look. That look that all black people do… when something so cauca-tious… …is taking place that we cant even use words. We must communicate on a higher Vibranium level. And a peace came over me. ‘Cause in that look, I knew, I didnt have to wonder how black I was gon have to get. Tyrone was black enough for both of us. When Prince William asked, one more again… Excuse me. Can you please close the window? Tyrone said… Nah. Tyrone, Tyrone. nigga s. I love nigga s. I do, I do. I love nigga s. People be like, Amanda, you always givin nigga s a hard time. You a man-basher. Im like, Nah. Im just very particular about my vagenda. Your vagenda is a womans list of who could get it. Okay? You got to be particular. Shit, I know I got to be particular, because fuckin with me is a privilege. Also, Im older now. You understand? Im grown. Im a grown-up woman. When you grown, you dont make mistakes. You make choices. Thats why Im lookin at every dick like the side of a cereal box. I wanna know your nutritional value, nigga. Are you exceeding my daily recommended dose of fuck boy? ‘Cause its zero. Got to be particular about your vagenda. And for the record, as easy as it is to get on a vagenda, its just as easy to get struck from a vagenda. I had a nigga say to me, Yeah, my goal one day, is to have a house with no mirrors. What are we talking about? What are we, what are we… talking about? If your house aint got no mirrors, how are me and LaTravious gon communicate? And get my shit straight. Struck from the vagenda. Someone said, Oh, my God. I know. I had another… I had another dude tell me, very nonchalantly, Yeah, Stevie Wonders just overrated. Sir! I cant fuck you now! Ribbon in the Sky was on the playlist! Eh. True story. I had a man say to me… Yeah, I dont fuck with birds. Now… He had a good job. He had a degree. He owned a home. So, I said, Let me give him the benefit of the doubt. And I retorted… Oh, you mean like, promiscuous women? Birds. And he said, Nah, like birds. They be flyin and shit. I dont fuck with birds. What are we talking about now? Struck from the vagenda! So you got to be careful. You got to be careful with whos on your vagenda. Because the dick can touch the hort. Now when a dick touch the hort, it means it has affected you, not just physically but emotionally. Okay? Now when you young, and the dick touch the hort, it aint really that deep. ‘Cause you was just happy you got a period that you know you dont deserve. Reckless asses. Reckless. Again in a public restroom, like, Yes, Im still in the game, nigga s! Im still in the game, Im still in the game! Ah! Im still in the game! Im still in the game! Hallelu-hallelu! My God knows me. He knew I wasnt ready. He knew I wasnt ready. He knew I wasnt ready. Thank you. One more semester to go. One more to go. That happened to me in real life one time. I was in a restroom, and I was like, Yes! And the woman in the stall next to me went, Do your thang, girl. Okay. You gotta be careful. ‘Cause when youre older, and the dick touch the hort… that shitll rock you. Okay? You got to go meditate. You be like, Damn. This nigga done shifted my chakras. Where are my crystals? So you dont want that to happen with the wrong person. Okay? Because when the dick touch the hort, you can get a nasty case of STS. Not STDs. STS. Some call it dick-whipped. Some call it dick-matized. I call it sexually transmitted stupidity. Mm-hmm. Yeeeees. Because when the dick touch the hort, it can infect your intellect. Have you just doing dumb shit. Like be at a nigga house, and look down, and theres a mattress on the floor… surrounded by Jordans, like a moat, protecting you from yourself. Now you know you should take yo ass home. ‘Cause this aint no place for a queen. And if youre over 30, this isnt even practical, because your knees and your back cant even… What you gon do when you gotta go to the bathroom in the middle of the night? You gotta stop, drop… …and roll. It dont make no sense. Its ergonomically not for you. Its not for you. But that STS, that sexually transmitted stupidity will have you lookin at it like… Negotiating. Yeah. Its worth it. And now your ass is on your stomach gettin hit from the back with your forehead four inches from the ground. Be careful. Bap, bap, bap. That aint a hickey. Thats a bruise. So, please… Please! Protect your vagenda. ‘Cause the dick can touch the hort. Now, men, you know youre not exempt. Okay? Youre not exempt. Because… yes, the dick can touch the hort, but any woman who knows her worth… knows her power… The pussy can snatch the soul! Thank you! Stay blessed! Holla! What up! Yall. Thank you so much. Some folks… Some folks thought this wasnt gonna happen, but… Thank you all so much! Have a good night!

SARA PASCOE@LADSLADSLADS@2019@CHEERING AND APPLAUSE Thank you so much! Thank you so much! Thank you! Thank you so much! Thank you so much! Hello, my name is Sara Pascoe. I never want you to stop clapping. Now, whats the best thing thats ever happened to me? Oh, God, I miss it. Now its my turn. Thank you so much for having me. Im going to tell you the worst thing first, the bad thing. Im 35 years old. Thats not the bad thing, unless youre trying to get me pregnant. Im 35, which is the oldest Ive ever been, and, look, Im enjoying ageing. Were supposed to hate ourselves, but I dont. Im really enjoying it. I feel more confident and I know myself better, but whats been happening is Ive started remembering things – memories from adolescence, things Ive completely forgotten – theyre dropping back into my brain fully formed and I remember something about a year and a half ago. Im going to tell you this as the first thing cos its going to make you not like me and then Im going to try and win you back. Doesnt always work! So basically what Id forgotten, but then I remembered… So when I was 18, I didnt have very much money, but I did have a best friend called Shelley and she didnt have very much money, either, so what we would do, we went to parties, we had a system whereby Shelley would give somebody a blow job in exchange for a gram of cocaine… ..which we would then both take! And I had completely forgotten about this and, looking back, I cannot believe that I did that. It is such an unethical drug. It ruins lives all over the world. Also, obviously, of course, I dont think that that was an appropriate system. I dont think that system is OK, but when I was 18, I felt very grown up and autonomous and I thought that I could make my own decisions and so could Shelley and now Im 35, I feel incredibly protective over teenage girls. Theyre so young, its such a formative stage. I look back and I see I was a terrible friend. I never told her to do that, but I also never told her not to so I started to feel really guilty and I wanted to apologise to Shelley, but were not really in touch any more because people dont tend to invite their pimp to their wedding. So I had to kind of write her a message and the beginning of the message was what Ive just said to you. Oh, Ive forgotten, but then I remembered how when we used to go to parties, youd give oral sex in exchange for narcotics and, looking back, I should have dissuaded you or suggested we got part-time work and I feel really sorry about this now, and I said, Shelley, I hope wherever you are in your life, youre really happy, and then I sat back and I waited for her to reply to me cos I thought she would say it was fine and then I could feel better and I was waiting and waiting and she was not replying so I started to get paranoid, like, Maybe she does hate me now, and then I checked back about a week later and shed deleted it off her wall. So theres just no way of knowing. And I feel really bad about this and the thing is, this is the thing, this is the point Im trying to make – I want to be a good person. I want to be on the right team, I want to be one of the good guys, but the more I think about anything, the more complicated it becomes in terms of knowing whether youre a good person or not and also the terms bad and good, theyre subjective. They mean different things to different people. Most people agree Stalin, Oh, very bad, but if you were a gulag maker… ..youd be into him. Oh, Mother Theresa, most people agree, Oh, very good. If you were Princess Diana, bitch is your competition so… So, like, all the recent stuff with Brexit, I find it so confusing because the whole thing with Europe, like, it seems like theres sensible arguments on both sides and I dont think we talk enough about that now. I dont really understand it. Everyone I know from comedys really intelligent and they know their own minds and half of my friends, theyre all talking about how the EU are creating our laws and we hadnt elected them and thats undemocratic and then the other half are saying, But if we actually leave, our economy is going to get even weaker, the vulnerable in society will become even more vulnerable, and Im thinking, How can you be making a decision between the economy and democracy? Its like they said to us all, Guys, your house is on fire, but if you put it out, gravity will stop working. Good luck! What?! The whole thing feels like a game of Would You Rather. You know when you were little, you would go to sleepovers and play this game called Would You Rather, but it was always two things you didnt want. You just had to choose which one you didnt want the least. Would you rather have massive hands but theyre not attached to your body or tiny hands but theyre strangling you? Oh, and, by the way, one of them means youre racist. What?! Its too hard. Why are you asking us? And another thing where the right and wrong is unclear to me, sometimes it can be… Basically, Uber. Now, most of you will know what Uber is, but just in case you dont, its a taxi but with judgment. Oh, you get a review at the end. Ive only got four stars on Uber. Ive lost one and I dont know how, but I sat there quietly, I was wearing my seat belt and deodorant, which is more than I can say for you, Nicolai. But they have a really aggressive business model. Lots of these companies do now and so its that thing of the short term vs the long term. In the long term, basically, they under-price taxi drivers and cab drivers in this country. Uber dont pay tax here. In the long run, Uber is terrible for everyone, but in the short term, its brilliant for the individual because it is cheaper and also its marketed, especially at women, to make us feel safer – the fact that more people are getting cabs home, the fact the driver comes to where youre standing cos of the phone signal and then they put a little picture of the Uber driver on there to kind of reassure you about whos coming to pick you up and the Uber drivers, as a funny prank, have taken the scariest photographs that they can. There must be a competition in the office. Theyre always on their phone from below with eyes like they hate you and youre only ever asking for one because youre scared cos its half-two in the morning and youre pissed and youre thinking, Oh, no, its really very dodgy round here. Im going to be a sensible lady and get myself an Uber, and then you press it and it goes, Arnabs on his way. Shit. Cos this guys definitely coming to kill me. And you can see where he is cos theres a little map. You can see him in his tiny car. Hes only a minute away, hes just turning around from the knife shop. You know youve only got 60 seconds to get out of there. So youre fretting, like, Oh, no, what shall I do? Shall I flag down a strangers car and ask him to rescue me? What if that guy is a murderer? At least with Arnab, theres a paper trail. If I go missing, hell be the first person theyll check with. I better wait. And by then, hes arrived and then to check that its him, because of the angle hes taken the photo at, to check that its him, you have to bend down and look upwards. You had to kind of get in the passenger side footwell. Arnab? And often, by then, its too late. Im being very naughty. I shouldnt be scaremongering about Uber. I only actually know one person who says that they were murdered by an Uber driver. That was my sister and shes lied about this kind of thing before. No, this sounds like its bad on her. Everyone in my family, were all liars. Were the worst kind of liar cos we really believe ourselves and we never, ever admit that somethings not true, no matter what evidence you have. So Ill give you an example and to be fair to them, Ill give you a me example cos theyre angry with me with how much I talk about them. Rub that bit out! So, to be fair to them, Ill give you a me example. About 14 years ago, 15, maybe, at Christmas time, I had too much to drink and I was very emotionally involved with an EastEnders storyline and I told my sister that I was her real mum. She still doesnt know that Im not and Ill never let her find out and Im only 18 months older than her so Ive had to tell quite a lot of other lies to make it seem believable. Now, the one place that I will not lie is in my relationship because Ive found that the truth hurts more. My entire relationship is built on beautiful honesty, apart from theres one lie that I told him, but it was accidental. So when we first got together, I told him that before wed met, I had joined the Mile High Club because I thought that I had. Back story – I watched a film when I was about eight and a character in that film mentioned the Mile High Club. Now, at the time, I was in the Burger King Kids Club. That was working out brilliantly and I was keen to join more clubs and so my ears pricked up at this mention and I didnt even watch the end of the film, I just ran through my house looking for an adult that I could ask about it. The first one I find was my Uncle Trevor. Now, looking back, I dont know why he was in my house. Im really suspicious about it, but its, like, too late to do anything about it now, like, Repress it! Stop thinking about it! Why didnt he have a shirt on? I dont know! I dont know! Everyones divorced now, its fine. It doesnt matter. So, Uncle Trevor, I was like, Oh, Uncle Trevor, Uncle Trevor, how does one get membership to this Mile High Club? And he was obviously a little bit thrown cos he thought about it for a second and he was like, Oh… Oh, yeah, thats when youre on an aeroplane and you go to the toilet for a long time. Yes, so I thought it was doing a poo on an aeroplane and no-one disabused me of that notion for 25 years, which means that every time Ive been asked in my life, which is probably about seven or eight times, Oh, Sara, have you joined the Mile High Club? Ive always answered in the same way by going, Yes, every time I fly! I think its the nerves! Im going to say something in about 30 seconds and its, erm, sexist. Im about to say something thats quite sexist, but you have to understand that I know that its sexist so its OK cos that is the system. So, I earn more money than my boyfriend does, which is fine, and that means that I have to pay for everything that we do, which I dont mind and hes all right with it, but in the olden days, in the 80s, there used to be this system where, like, a man would buy dinner and a woman would put out. Now, Im not saying that I agree with that. The idea that a woman is economically dependent on a man is disgusting. The idea that a man expects sex just because hes paid is awful, but what is worse is that it doesnt work the other way round. Well, what Ive found is if it is the woman thats paid for dinner and the weekly shop and the electricity bill, oh, then he never puts out because apparently youve emasculated him by asking for a thank-you dance. Double standards! Its not fair and so this is true, I dont think me and my boyfriend have enough sex. He says that me talking about it on stage is not helping. 1-0. And so Im trying to… Im trying to spice things up. Im trying to seduce him, thats what I want to do. What I do when Im in the mood for lovemaking, I want to try and entice him, I shave my entire body – head to toe. No, its too high! This is seduction, not a 90s pop star breakdown. I shave from my chin down to my big toe and then, in order to let him know in a subtle way, I dont rinse the bath. Yeah! He knows what Im saying! Erm, if you are sitting there thinking, Wow, that woman just told us a really gross thing about herself, wait till you hear this next thing. At Christmas, we got presents for each other. I dont know why Im explaining. You know, Christmas presents… Ever heard of Christmas presents? Well, we did it one year. Were crazy. Now, he opened my present first. I had bought us a holiday to Barbados and it was all-inclusive and Id never been on that kind of holiday before, Id never spent that kind of money before and I was thrilled to give it to him and then he gave me my present and I opened it and it was an electric toothbrush. Hmm. And then there was this tension in the house, like I could tell that he was sadder than usual during the gratitude boogie. I waited for him to finish and then I was like, Oh, are you all right? And he was like, No, Im really embarrassed about the discrepancy in our presents. Just please promise me youll never tell anyone about this. But I am telling anyone and the reason is I thought about it and my initial response was wrong. So you think my present is a better or bigger present cos its more expensive, but, no, a holiday, that is a finite thing. Seven days, even if they are amazing days, seven days – done, gone forever. An electric toothbrush, that is something that I use every single day to masturbate. Guys! Its a great present! I dont use it as a toothbrush any more. Im not disgusting. I just dont brush my teeth. I dont need to, Im too happy. Im happy all of the time. Im telling you all my secrets. Another thing, I went away for about a month. About nine months ago, for a month, I went away for work. When I came back, my boyfriend had got my life insured. Oh, yeah, hed taken out a life insurance policy on me and hes behaving like this is a normal thing people do in relationships, like its a stage that you get to. Oh, Sara, hows it going with John? Im like, Oh, yes, pretty good, very serious. Were at that bit where you make sure you financially benefit if the other one dies. I want him to cancel it. Also, I dont think I need it. I cant… I just dont think Im going to die. It just doesnt feel like the kind of thing Id do. Its a waste of money, I want him to cancel this direct debit. Stop it, its creepy, and hes, like, being all defensive, like, No, Sara, think about it – if something was to happen to you, I wouldnt be able to afford the mortgage on my own, right, which does sound sensible. Callous, but sensible, until I tell you that we dont own a property. We rent a flat like everybody else. That mortgage is something hes getting later on with his winnings if something was to happen to me, but this is the thing about falling in love, which is something that obviously every single person does. We fall in love. We dont wait until we know everything about someone and then decide, Thats it, you deserve my heart. No, you learn a few things about someone and then you fall in love and then you continue to learn new things and some of those things are great. Theyre like cute faces and funny noises and… Oh, look, my boyfriend, he collects Nectar points like its a computer game, like deadly serious, and he never spends them cos he thinks that Nectar points can outlast sterling as currency, which might not be mad, but other of the things that you find out are just like, Oh, no! Its too late, I love you now! My boyfriend doesnt like dogs. AUDIENCE: – Ohhh… Thank you for that appropriate reaction. He doesnt like dogs, I found out about eight months in. He doesnt think that theyre handsome or want to pet them and wont let me get one. My ambition my entire life has just been to work really, really hard, make enough money to give a dog an incredible life and that would be a life well lived and now, essentially, I am waiting for him to die. Obviously, it will be sad. It is going to be a really sad day. Oh, no, the love of my life has drowned. Oh, gosh, this is… But its bittersweet, like… I can get a dog now. So what Im trying to say is I do understand the life insurance thing, I get it, its just that money is his dogs. So what were doing at the moment – and I find this kind of embarrassing to talk about – me and my boyfriend are currently, or have been for a while, trying to make a baby, get pregnant. Now, I hate all of the language around this. Essentially, all it means youre having sex without a condom on, like its the 90s, but weve been trying for about 2½ years, which is quite a long time. It turns out that getting pregnant is a lot like learning a language in that it is much easier when you are a child. When I was 15, I was pregnant all the time. I was the girl you heard about in rumours. I got pregnant from a toilet seat. I got pregnant from borrowing a boys towel and now its so much more difficult and theres all this stuff that youre supposed to do if youre trying to get pregnant. If youre the woman, youre not supposed to drink alcohol. If youre a woman over 30 who normally drinks every day and you turn up to see your friends and be like, Oh, no, Im not drinking tonight, they assume youre already pregnant. Its going to be awkward in three months – everyones giving you knowing glances and stretchy trousers. Its so much easier just to go straight in, have a sambuca, no conversation. Also, youre not supposed to drink caffeine. Youre not allowed to have coffee. How am I going to get pregnant if Im angry or asleep? And Ive had to buy all of these ovulation testing kits and they look like pregnancy tests. They cost nine quid each, theyre so expensive and it looks like a pregnancy test. You take the lid off to wake it up and then it has a little screen in its belly, which then flashes up a picture of itself, like, I can get myself pregnant. Whats your problem? Then you have to wee on it, which is hard when somethings that expensive. You have to wee on it and also for ages, like, much longer than you think – like, 13 minutes. You wee on it and then you put the lid back on. Its supposed to think for two minutes and then come up with where you are in your ovulatory cycle so you dont waste the one sex you have a month and all that happens when Ive done it is it just comes up with a picture of a book, which means that Ive done it wrong and I need to reread the instructions, and then I break it cos Im angry and Im sitting there holding broken bits of plastic, hands covered in my own piss, no trousers on, thinking, Could I really keep another human alive? And I have an espresso Martini to cheer myself up. So Ive got this fun thing. Ive got polycystic ovaries or PCOS and thats very, very common and lots of women have it. What is means is that your ovaries make an egg and then rather than going anywhere, just forms a cyst to decorate you beautifully. What this means is you have a higher than you should have level of testosterone in your system, which does mean that you have an increased sex drive, but it also means that no-one will have sex with you because of your fine beard and moustache. Nature is amazing! And this is the thing – the longer you go without having children, the older you get, the more people start to ask you about it and Im aware they always mean really well. It comes from a really good place. My younger sisters and my friends are having kids. Theyre all having this wonderful time, they dont want anyone to miss out on this experience, but my problem with that is the experience they are having is subjective. Its personal to them. I have had my own wonderful personal subjective experiences, like Ive been on QI. I have never, ever said to anybody, like, Oh, have you been on QI? Awww! You should go on QI! No, I didnt think that I wanted to be on QI until I was ON QI and then it was like I looked back and my entire life had been leading up to me being on QI. When I saw Stephen Frys face for the first time, I was filled with so much love. Yes, its very tiring being on QI, but its so worth it and I just wouldnt want you to leave it too late and theyll have stopped making it. This is the thing, its true – me and my boyfriend, we have sex about once a month and I would like to have more of it and what I blame it on, I blame it on pornography. I think its because pornography exists and I cant compete with it. Now, he denies this, but he has a lockable study and in there, theres a computer where he could put in a couple of search terms and then he can watch all of these men and women enthusiastically pretending to like doing stuff that Im not going to pretend to like doing and Im not going to do. I dont like doing anything. I like having three things done to me very gently while I lie there. Thats my sex style. Im saying that to all of you, Im warning you in case any of us ever get together. Thats open to people of all genders. Im trying to have more sex with women since I found out lesbians are very good at the three things I like. Oh, the thing is with pornography, I think when you start going out with someone, this is how Im going to solve it – when you start going out with someone, you should be able to scan your picture into their computer and then whenever they look at pornography, as is their right, all of the banner ads have got your face on them. Fun! We could customise them, like, Women waiting for you to put the bins out in your area! Fun! This is such a hack observation, its been made so many times, but I do think gay people are having much better quality sex than straight people and it makes sense to me because I just think that they understand the machinery, the mechanics a lot more. I think a lot of the reason that Ill be with my boyfriend until the end of his life in a horrible drowning accident… Im just covered with dogs! I think a lot of the reason is I cant be bothered to train a new man not to hurt me. You know when youve fancied someone for weeks and months and you feel electric and alert and incredible around them and then you finally get to go to bed with them and it should be so great and its… Ow! Ow! Ow! Who was your ex-girlfriend, a hole that you dug? Just be careful! Were so precious, just be careful. I know now it sounds like Im kind of ragging on straight men. Im not. Of course it works both ways. I give a terrible hand job. Oh, so bad. Ive been ashamed my entire life of the quality and I realise its a form of empathy failure and I realise this because my friend, shes so clever and she was talking about misogyny, misogynists, and she said something so succinct. She was like, Oh, Sara, the problem with misogynists is they treat women like were broken men, as if our differences mean were flawed or were less good in some way. I was like, Thats it, thats everything. Youve just described it so perfectly. And then I realised Ive been doing the same thing the opposite way round. My entire life, Ive been treating men like theyre just very, very aggressive women and that if I can be calm around them and just move slowly, then maybe one day theyll heal. What this means is when I touch a mans body in a sexual way, I touch him how I like to be touched and I do not believe him when he says that that is not enjoyable. So this means that my technique for a hand job… Ill show you. Ill just show you! And then I just do some round-and-rounds. And then I just blow it some kisses from a distance. And they hate it. Theyre like yelling out at me, like, Grip it! Grip it and move it up and down! I dont want to! I dont want to make this situation any worse. It already looks angry. Ive got a tattoo. Im not changing the subject. Ive got a tattoo that I keep hidden all of the time, but I will show to you. This tattoo ages me more than anything that will ever happen to my face. I have got a Japanese symbol on the bottom of my spine. That means I was alive when the Spice Girls came out and I was excited. Now, I keep it covered at all times and its not cos Im ashamed of it, but because if anyone ever sees it, they go, Whats your tramp stamp mean? Cos apparently weve started calling them tramp stamps and I dont know what kind of tramp thats referring to, if its a loose woman or a vagrant man. Either way, its a compliment, but its a difficult question to answer so I just say that it means fuck me harder in Japanese. It saves me a lot of time when Im over there! Ive never been. I really want to go to Japan and Ill tell you why. I was researching on the internet about how our different cultures respect female genitals because I can, Ive got nothing to do in the day, and I found out about a nightclub, theres only one like this in the world, its in Japan, and its on two floors and women get in for free if they go into the top floor if theyre wearing a skirt with no underwear because the dance floors see-through. Its made of glass and men pay a huge amount of money to go to the floor underneath, where they buy overpriced drinks and sip them, looking upwards at women on the dance floor. Now, I was describing this the next day to my friend cos I thought I was going to get some material out of this. I was planning to do a routine about how maybe women dont want to rise above the glass ceiling if we have to dance with our fannies out. Yeah, so I thought I could do this feminist light-hearted thing so I was describing it to my friend and I didnt even get through it cos she kind of covered her eyes and was like… And I was like, Oh, no, no, dont get upset, dont get angry. I cant work out if the men who go there… I dont know if they are disgusting creeps, but maybe there could be something beautiful going on cos they are, after all, just admiring the female form, and then she was like, Oh, no, that isnt even what I was thinking. I was just thinking that you could not do that the other way round cos youd keep thinking people were waving at you. And now thats what I think about whenever Im sad. Whenever I need cheering up… You know, youre a Western world person. You dont have any right to be sad about anything, ever. I just imagine that I look upwards and theres an entire dance floor full of men and theyve got no trousers or pants on and theyre just dancing. Theyre just really going for it to Taylor Swift – Shake It Off and Im just waving, just waving back at them. The world is full of pain and death is meaningless, but its all going to be OK. How do we know? Because Sara Pascoe told us just before we gave her a big round of applause. CHEERING AND APPLAUSE SHE MOUTHS Thank you so much for having me. Good night, bye-bye! Thank you so much, bye-bye!

DAN SODER@SON OF A GARY@2019@Announcer: Ladies and gentlemen, Dan Soder! (cheers and applause) (cheering continues) (chuckles): Yeah. Yay! How the hell are ya? (cheering continues) Wha? Ah! All right. All right. (cheering continues) Thank you. All right. That– thats– It was believable to a point. But then youre like, you dont even know. You dont know how this is gonna go. This could suck! You could leave and youd be like, Why the fuck did I clap in the beginning? That guy stinks at comedy! I dont know. I dont know anything. Im a dumb person. Ive learned youre not allowed to call yourself dumb on the Internet without a stranger arguing with you. Thats how fucking broken the Internet is. If you go online, youre like, Im an idiot! Someone youve never met will be like, Dont say that. (laughter) You dont know that. Its the only thing I actually know. Im 36 years old. I just learned, this summer, from a doctor, Im no longer allowed to eat, then go to sleep. (laughter) What kind of horseshit world are we living in? Dude, my favorite thing in the world is to eat, then go directly to sleep. Ill eat laying down if it speeds up the process. Have you ever had a huge meal then gone right to sleep? You sleep so fuckin deep. You touch the bottom of the pool every time. (laughter) Whenever I meet someone thats like, I have insomnia, Im like, Youre not eating late enough. -(laughter) -Just… eat as your eyes are shutting, youre gonna go down like a goddamn grizzly bear. (laughter) You are gonna wake up with the heartburn of a 20-year homicide detective… (laughter) …getting chewed up by cold cases. Like, All those bodies and no names! (laughter) Those are someones children, Diane!? (laughter) Yeah, sometimes– Im glad you guys liked that cause theres been some audiences that are like, Is that a fake detective with PTSD? What are you mad about? Its a made-up person. Hes never seen real shit. (laughter) I should tell you at the top of this, I am, uh, I am 20% white trash, so it should explain everything else. Its not a– Twenty percent white trash isnt enough to hurt you. Its not, it just means I like multiple flavors of Mountain Dew… (laughter) …and I have bet and lost money on the X-Games. (laughter) I had a snowmobile parlay that fucked me. (laughter) No, I grew up in Colorado and I was always like, Oh, our, uh, our white trash doesnt have accents cause we dont have accents. And then I watched the X-Games and I was like, There it is. There it is. Just every athlete thats like, (whiny voice): Hey, whats up? I want to give a shout-out to my sponsors. Like, Fuck, its every kid I went to middle school with in Aurora. (laughter) Just want to say whats up to Fox Racing, Hefty Garbage Bags, KY Jelly. How the fuck are those your sponsors? (laughter) Yeah. Im a– Im a guaranteed weirdo cause Im an only child. Um… I was– I was raised by a single mom, so I was alone a lot, and my dad picked the bottle over me, so comedian. (laughter) Thats the recipe. Just add water. Or, in my dads case, Bacardi, and then he fucks off. Yeah! You guys dont think Im up here cause shit went well, do you? (laughter) You think thats why Im onstage nightly, begging for the affection of strangers… (laughter) …cause I had a good childhood? If I had a good childhood, I wouldnt be a comedian. Id just be the funniest guy that works at Enterprise Rental Car. Dont– Dont act like I wouldnt. I would fucking crush on the lot. Id be upgrading you from a standard to a full size. Yeah, I was just a weird kid. I was just a strange– I talked to myself a lot. Loved action figures. Loved action figures, until I was 12. Its… pretty old. Its kind of old to play with boy dolls. (laughter) Also at 12 years old, because Im 20% white trash, I started smoking cigarettes. Do you know how hilarious of an overlap that is? -(laughter) -I would– I would play with my GI Joes in earnest for 30 minutes, and then go outside and fire up a Marlboro Red. Just like… (inhales, exhales deeply) (in gruff voice): I think Cobras got the high ground. (laughter) We lost a Ninja Turtle to a lawnmower last week. War is hell. Some little girl in my neighborhood walks up with a cigarette, shes like, You got a light? Ken and Barbie arent doing so hot. (exhales) (laughter) We had to put a Pound Puppy down last week. (laughter) Im kidding, I would never hurt a dog. I love dogs. I get excited every time– Every single time I see a dog, I get excited, even when I have weed on me at the airport. (laughter) Its a complicated relationship. Remember you got that bag of weed in your pocket, and you turn the corner, and youre like, You a good boy or a bad boy? That dogs like… (imitates sniffing) Gets close to you, youre like, Fuck, please be cool. Fuck! (laughter) Theres always one person there to be like, Those dogs actually sniff for bombs, and youre like, Ah, well, in that case, thank you for your service. (laughter) Ive always really respected Labradors. I find you to be a great breed. I feel bad for the guys that hold those dogs at the airport. Always the bridesmaid, never the bride. (laughter) I bet theres a bunch of shit they want to smell. (chuckles) Dude, thats– I think thats hilarious that they signed up to be like, I want to protect people that are traveling. How do you want me to do that? And someone was like, Fucking hold this dog. (laughter) But make sure you scream at every child that tries to touch it. See, thats the best part of consistently traveling is watching little kids learn to hate authority cause theyve tried to pet the security dog. Theyre walking through, and theyre like, Doggy! Some cops like, Dont touch the dog! Some five-year-olds like, Man, fuck the police. This fucking pig, stopping me from touching a doggy. I travel, uh, I travel, on average about 25, 30 weeks a year doing this. Thats a lot of airports. Thats a lot of other peoples children. (laughter) I hear a lot of screaming babies for a guy that comes in the right places. (laughter) (chuckles) Fucking farm to bag! (cheering and applause) I dont get mad at screaming babies. Im not a monster. I think youre a dick if you get mad at a screaming baby on an airplane. I know whats going on, that kid cant talk. Its ears hurt so its just gonna scream. I think youre a dick if you get mad at the parents of a screaming baby on an airplane. Have you seen the parents of a screaming baby on an airplane? They are not into it! Theyre not like, Yeah, this guy fucking yells, huh? You guys want to see something cool? Sometimes I push real deep on his stomach and he goes fucking nuts. (laughter) (chuckles) Its the only way to fly… a child losing its shit. Ive gotten on flights though, and Ive seen people that dont have screaming babies, you know, theyre just on the flight and they go right to that gate agent, and theyre like, Im a Sky Miles member and I was… (muttering) Like, youre a piece of shit! Youre an active piece of shit. But thats what happened. Thats what Yelp did to us. Just turned us into a generation of snitches. (laughter) Its true, man, we love to tell on each other. Like, He did that. For what? For what? For your benefit? Dude, the customer service generation has ruined the American dream. Sincerely, like that old American dream. You know, that one thats like… Im gonna work hard, save up my money, and give my kids a better life. That shits gone! The new American dream is like, I spent a little bit of money… on a product. If anything… goes wrong, Im gonna fucking uncork on someone. Yeah! You know how dogs, uh, pre-bark before they bark? If you have a dog, you know what Im talking about. Like, dogs can hear… They can hear people walk up to the door. So, before those people hit the doorbell, the dogs will be asleep and theyll be like, Bark. (laughter) And then– and then, you know. And then the doorbell goes, like… (imitating dog barking) (laughter) Americas in a constant pre-bark bark. Thats where were at right now. (bark) (laughter) Trust me, dude, I know. I was a really shitty waiter for six years, real bad. Trust– However bad you think, much worse. Straight up used to forget people existed. I was a terrible waiter. But I always knew I wasnt actually in trouble if someone asked to speak to the manager, cause I knew the problem wasnt real. It was always, like, they found a hair in their food. And those people want a very specific reaction. When they find that hair, they want you, as their waiter, to be like, Im sorry! I fucking suck! Im gonna smash my dick with a hammer! Theyre all, Yes, yes! Im the customer! Fucking– they love that. I never gave em that. Ever! Whenever they find a hair in their food, Id be like… (gasps) Cool! They do not like that. They dont like when you do that. Be like, Keep going! You might find another one! (laughter) One time, this lady showed me a hair, and she goes, Whose hair is this?! Its like, The fucking guy making it! What do you want, lady?! Whats your endgame? You want a kitchen full of hairless people? Do you have any fucking clue how terrifying that would be? If you walked in a kitchen and they had no head, or eyebrow hair. Like, Its almost ready! Like, What is? What are you fucking serpent people making? (laughter) You want a kitchen full of Voldemorts. Youre cool with that. (laughter) (man guffawing) (chuckles) Dude, I love that youre laughing, but your laugh could also border on bully, -in such a way… -(laughter) Like, I know its supportive, but I am insecure enough, that if it did– if a couple of jokes didnt hit the way I wanted, Id be like, Are you– what the fuck you laughing at? Just go full Aurora! Like, Whats up, bro? You wanna fucking die tonight? (laughter and applause) I dont get mad at screaming babies. Just solve the problem yourself, be an adult. Be an adult. Pick the hair out of your food, fucking move forward. The second I hear a screaming baby on an airplane, I dont get mad. I dont. Second I hear that kid, like… (screams) I just shut my eyes, and pretend the baby is the lead singer of an EMO band. (laughter) You cant get mad at that. Waaah! and then pretend he has bangs over his face. (as baby): ? Im flying and Im scared ? ? And whoa, so, waaaah ? (chuckles) And Im laughing at a screaming baby, looking like a psycho. (laughter) Im like, Its gonna be a good flight. The kids really going through some stuff. He understands pain. I feel like I should be honest. I did lie. I have been mad about one screaming baby on an airplane. Uh, it was a four-hour flight, and the kid screamed takeoff to touchdown. Which, halfway through, youre like, This is just impressive. The lung capacity on this thing. Its the second most impressive thing Ive ever seen. One time I was on a cross-country flight, and I took a heavy edible. And I heard two different screaming babies harmonize. (laughter) I dont even know if it was the edible, or if I just made that up, but I was– I was honored to be there. (laughter) But this flight, this four-hour flight, this kid wouldnt stop. It was like, Aaaaah! And then as we landed, you just heard the kid go, Aaah! Mom? Its like, Motherfucker! You can talk?! Now we got a problem! Now we got a real problem! I just– Waiting at the end of a jetway for a baby. Just like… (in Aurora voice): Whats up, dude? Whats up? You fucking 16B? Youre a noisy boy! Fuck! Whats up, dude? I dont have kids. Dont worry. I do– I do not have children. Uh, not sure if Im gonna. I might just keep shooting my gun in the dirt. (laughter) Yeah! Uh, theres been times where I feel like Id be a phenomenal father. Theres been a couple of times where Im like, Id be a really good dad. One time, I brought edibles home from Colorado to New York. And my roommate couldnt sleep. I told him to eat late. He didnt listen. (laughter) But hes like, I know you have those edibles. Can I eat one of those edibles? It might help me sleep. I was like, Better, Ill eat one with you. Im a good roommate. So, he ate his edible and went to sleep. I ate my edible and played video games. Like a man who lives with a roommate. (laughter) Very on-brand. I got– I got through one quarter of a game of NBA 2K, and then I felt the warmth in my stomach. You know when you feel that edible warmth, and youre like, Oh! (laughter) Theres a storm coming! (chuckles) Every weed edibles the exact same. You eat it, and then 30 minutes later, you go, That didnt do shit! And then the edibles like, What the fuck did you say?! Like the edible was gonna leave but it came back in, What did they guy say? What did he say?! I dont do shit? Heres every fear youve had since youre nine! (laughter) Oh, fuck, oh! I forgot I dont like the smell of fresh glue! (laughter) So, thats where Im at! Im about to get launched. And Im like, If Im going through this… Then I look over to my roommates bedroom, his door– wide open! Hes standing in the doorway, in just his boxers, holding a gallon of water. And right as we make eye contact, he just goes, (whimpering): I think you gave me too much. It was– Its the only time in my life Ive ever felt like a dad! I was like, Hey, buddy! Can you not handle your shit? (laughter) Lets put you on the couch. Get on some Family Guys . I, actually, did a bunch of shows in Canada this summer, and I learned that Canada, as a country, legalized marijuana completely across the board. But they werent allowed to have edibles till December of 2019, because, in Colorado, when it went legal in 2014, a bunch of little kids ate edibles, and got cool as fuck! (laughter) They were immediately skateboarding to school. They called their parents by their first names. No, I mean, thats got to be fucked up. Youre six years old and you just knock back three gummy bears and then 25 minutes later youre like… (exhales) Youre starting to sweat like, Im starting to think Santas not real. (laughter) Uh, I got first grade right around the corner. Fuck it. Theyre bending letters into each other. Yeah. I do drugs. Im fun. Im a fun, fun guy. Thank you! (cheers and applause) I, uh, I dont– I dont do coke. Im not obnoxious. Sorry, sorry, not gonna corner you at a house party and try to start a business with you. (laughter) Its just fun to see whos been trapped, by a small– yeah, with a guy thats like, Dude, Ill get us a website by Monday. (laughter) You know the people, I know the places. We got to fucking hang out. We got to fucking hang out way more. No, I dont like– I dont like the drugs that make you take your shirt off. I dont have the torso for it. (chuckles) I like the drugs that make you wonder why we wear shirts. The kind, you lay, and youre like, What is a shirt? Are we shirts for our souls? (chuckles) I do mushrooms, I probably shouldnt have just said that. I like to, yeah, I like to do mushrooms. -(cheers and applause) -Yeah. I agree. I agree, till Ive eaten too many, then I dont agree. I eat too many, I dont like anything… existence, gravity. Got a real problem with mirrors. (laughter) Its just fun to see who laughs cause you know that theyve stared in a mirror and been like, Fuck! Yeah, last– two summers ago I went to a music festival, and took 3.7 grams of mushrooms. -(scattered groans) -Yeah, thats what I love about drug math. It fucking gets that honesty out of people. That was great. Doesnt get laughs, but you– you know. I said 3.7 grams, you know, everyone that didnt do mushrooms in the rooms like, Thats not even enough for a casserole. (laughter) They just heard a bunch of, like, Oh, fuck, oh, God. So youre, like, a different guy now. (laughter) Yeah, dont do that at a music festival. A lot of conflicting energies. I ended up losing my shit in a field. (laughter) I learned a lot. I learned a whole lot. Mostly I learned that electronic dance music is the devils music. (laughter) You know how, like, since the 50s, theyre like, Rock and roll is the devils music. Raps the devil. No, those have soul. EDM is just robots tricking you into dancing. (laughter) Boop-boop-boop-boop Boop-boop. (in deep voice): Let the beat drop. Thats Satan. Who do you think that is? Its the fucking devil sealing us up. No, I just dont– I just dont like EDM. Ive never heard an EDM song I like. It all sounds like its based on an alarm clock. Every single ones like, Ca-ca-ca-ca-ca. Youre like, Oh, fuck, am I late for my nine oclock? No, thats just the latest single from a Swedish teenager. (laughter) I dont know, Scandinavia is just pumping out EDM DJs. (chuckles) You can like EDM, I dont have to like it. Thats what music is. You can like shit I dont like, I can like shit you dont like. Some people dont like music. Do you know those fucking psychos are walking around? I was at a barbecue, and I heard a woman in a different conversation group just go, I dont like music. What? I thought she meant, you know, like, genre. So I was like, Oh, you mean, like, country, or metal? Shes like, (emphatically): I dont like music. Fun. I bet youre a blast on a road trip. Just an hour in, shes like, Turn off the radio! I want to hear the wind whip around the cabin. (laughter) Leave one window down so an odd pressure builds. (laughter) I love long drives with the feeling of an inner ear infection. What kind of broken monster doesnt like music? Thats fucking strange. My favorite thing in the world is to get high, take a shower, and listen to music. -Love it. -(cheers and applause) Love it. I do it every day. It might be a problem, we dont know yet. I try to explain, you dont have to be just high in the shower letting the water hit you. You can do stuff. You can– you can air drum. (laughter) You can air guitar. You can do my personal favorite, which is bring up a fight with a coworker from 2004. (laughter) You guys never reheat some 15-year-old beef in the shower? Thats what shower arguments are built for, giving someone you havent seen the business. Youre just like, Fuck you. Youre always that fucking guy at work. And then you give them something to say. Youre like, I knew you were gonna bring that up, I knew it! This is how low my self-esteem is. I lose 50% of my shower arguments. I lose as many as I win. My roommates walked by the bathroom and heard me in the shower alone like, You know what? Its a good point. I apologize. (laughter) Im sorry. I didnt see it from your perspective. Yeah, I mean, when you, uh… when you go on the road as a mall clown you have to… (laughter) Yeah, thats what this is. People laugh at that, but its true, Im– Im a mall clown. Im cool with it, I love my job. But sometimes when youre a comedian in 2019, you can get on Twitter and see other comedians that Im friends with and genuinely respect, Tweet out crazy shit like, As an artist… The fuck are you talking about? Were a step above carnies. Art? You think I compete with art? Theres not a two-drink minimum at the ballet. (laughter) I know what I am. Most of the rooms I perform in were originally designed for laser tag. (chuckles) (laughter) Its all right, I know what I am. One of the parts that sucks that I dont like is when youre on the road on Friday mornings, you got to wake up super early and you got to go pimp yourself out to a local radio station to sell tickets. You got to go make fucking Buzz and the Scooch laugh. Which is fun until its not. Then they suck and theyre like, Hey, were here with Dan Soder from Trillions and the Campfire Podcast. Like, Its called the fucking Bonfire. So I was in– I was in Washington, DC, and theyre like, You got to get up at six in the morning for morning radio. I was like, Fuck that. I got up at 5:30 in the morning, got irresponsibly stoned, and then took a shower and listened to music, cause Im an artist. (laughter) I was in the shower. I was listening to Chance the Rappers Coloring Book. Great album. Theres a song on there with Lil Wayne and Lil Wayne has this verse where he just goes, (imitating Lil Wayne): I got problems bigger than these boys, oh-oh-oh. -And that noise… -(laughter) …made me laugh harder than anything Ive heard in comedy. Dude, he gives up. He gives up in the middle of a song! Hes just like, Oh-oh-oh. Look it up, its not a lyric. Dude, that shit had me laughing so fucking hard. I just started replicating the noise. I was like, Oh-oh-oh. And then I started putting it in different situations, like I was surprised, like, Oh-oh-oh. You know, scared like, Oh-oh-oh. I did it enough that I was laughing hard enough that I dropped my body wash, then when I picked up my body wash I was like, Oh, shit. This is gonna be my new mistake noise. (laughter) Like, if I meet someone new, you know, and Im like, This is my friend Adam. Im like, Adam? Aaron. Oh-oh-oh. (laughter) So now Im laughing harder. Im having a great, great naked, wet laugh, which surprisingly you get very few of in life. Most of the time if youre naked, youre wet, and youre laughing, youre a crazy person. You just escaped something. Youre just like, Yeah! Like, Hes so fucking slippery. So Im in the shower. Im laughing very hard, and then I just hear a very subtle, like -(imitates knocking) -Shut the fuck up. But Im high enough that Im like, Maybe Im– Maybe Im making that up. So I turn– turn the speaker off, get back in the shower, I hear it very clear like, -(imitates knocking) -Shut the fuck up. I dont think Ive ever laughed harder in my life. I almost slipped in the tub. (laughter) That guys day is fucking done. 5:50 in the morning youre up slamming on a wall yelling, Shut the fuck up? You cannot have a good day after that. You know how many times that guy heard me make that noise? (laughter) It wasnt once. Just dead asleep and its like, Oh-oh-oh. Shut up. Oh-oh-oh. Shut the fuck up. Oh-oh-oh. Shut the fuck up! That guy definitely has a real job. (laughter) Hes just tired at work later in a conference room like, Hey, guys. Uh, sorry Im not the sharpest. They got me staying next to Lil Wayne. This guy is full of mistakes. (laughter and applause) Pretty sure Im gonna die alone. We all are physically, unless you grab a nurse at the last second. (laughter) I just wanted to see whos fun in the room. Fuck you, thats a fun joke. If you could time that out right, thats a real fun joke. Just second to last breath like, -(imitates heart monitor beeping) -Get over here. (imitates flatline) Just fuck up some orderlys Wednesday. Theyre like, Yeah, was a good day till the guy in 34C fucking headlocked me before he died. 20 minutes, 20 minutes in that armpit. (laughter) They had to butter my neck to get me out. Now, Im 36 years old. Im single. I dont believe in dating apps, cause you cant smell the other person. (laughter and applause) Come at me with your science, I will prove you wrong. No, I, uh… dating in my 30s is basically me looking back to every single one of my previous relationships and being like, Oh, it was my fault… the whole time. Huh, really thought it was someone else there for a second. I used to have such a bad drinking problem in my 20s, I would wake up on the subway in New York and be like, (scoffs) Not a decent woman in this town. (laughter) Fucking puke all over my jeans. Im like, You cannot find a good girl. And now Im like, Oh yeah, calls definitely coming from inside the house. (laughter) A lot of apologies. No, I used to, you know, when I was in my 20s and even in my early 30s, used to be afraid to tell women that I had a fucked up childhood. I just didnt want to tell em cause I was afraid they were gonna run away, and now I realize, if you had a fucked up childhood, you should brag about it… cause it means you can endure. And it means youre gonna be way better at sex as an adult. Sorry, everyone, thats the trade-off. Terrible childhood, dynamite in the bedroom. Youre not gonna be a good partner, no, no, no. (laughter) Youre gonna be a big problem for a lot of people, but youre gonna have some seasoning on you. What, do you want to fuck someone that got raised by two loving parents? (laughter) What, do you want to make eye contact the whole time and stay in between the sheets? Gross. I want to fuck someone that got punched in the head for no reason. I want a wild card. Best sex I ever had in my life, I had to watch my wallet the entire time. (laughter) I thought we were being adults, being honest with each other. Im broken, I have abandonment issues. I go down on women like I have abandonment issues. I give please-dont-leave-me head. Im broken, your cum is the glue. Its an old family motto. I think my grandma has it stitched on a pillow. (laughter) I think its so weird. I think its so weird youre allowed to advertise with sex. Youre allowed to make people feel like shit because of sex. But the second you bring up the psychological reasoning for a sexual behavior, everyone gets weird. Its fucked up. Its hard to meet a sexual partner that you match with. Some people like to talk dirty. Some people dont. Real tough to be on the wrong end of that one. (laughter) I hooked up with a girl once, I started talking dirty and immediately she goes, Oh boy. We got a talker. (laughter) Oh, whoo, that was right in the solar plex. Yeah, if you ever want to know how to shut someone up during sex that is the perfect way. I promise you, for the next four minutes that mans gonna breathe through his nose like hes moving a couch against his will. Its a lot of through the teeth talking. Youre like, Fuck, it feels very good. (laughter) No, I mean, Im still idyllic. You know, Im 36, but Im still idyllic. I love crushes. Crushes are fun. When you have a crush on someone and you see em and youre like, -Fuck. -(laughter) Or they text you and youre like, Oh, fuck. Or you tell them you have a crush on them and theyre, like, not into it -and youre like, Fuck. -(laughter) Dude, revealing a crush to someone thats not into it has to be the creepiest feeling in the world. You feel like youre showing someone a dead body in the woods. Youre like, Come here, I want to show you something. Shes like, What? What is it? Come here, its over here. I put it under this tarp. Like, What? And youre like, I love you! Theyre like, No, I thought we were friends! Youre like, Fuck, no. Were just friends. Were just friends. Fuck it. Totally friends. Fuck. Fuck, lets get out of these woods, huh? -Lets fucking go. -(laughter) I like having crushes. Theyre still fun. But Im in my 30s, so theyre just a little more perverted. Thats it, thats the only difference. When I had a crush on a girl when I was a teenager, I was always like, Shes so pretty. I hope I– I hope I get to kiss her. Now at 36, when I like a woman Im like, Phew, I hope I get to eat her butt. (laughter) Im trying to put my mouth on her worst part over and over again. Which is crazy cause I remember growing up, uh, you know, little kids would always try to tease you, and theyd be like, Youre a butt munch. Remember that? Like, Youre a butt munch. Youre like, No, Im not! No, Im not! Turns out those kids nailed it, nailed it. They knew me better than I knew myself. It took three decades for my palate to develop. (laughter) I definitely– I definitely cant, uh, I definitely cant date a woman that doesnt have a dark sense of humor. If you dont laugh at dark humor, I dont think I can hang out with you if you dont laugh at dark humor. If you dont laugh at dark humor, I think you did something, you know? Any time Ive ever met someone thats like, Dont joke about that! -Its like, Who did you hurt? -(laughter) If you dont laugh at dark humor, Im convinced you dont laugh at your own farts. (laughter) I dont want that for anybody. What a tough way to go through life, just standing there alone like… (imitates farting) (laughter) How dare that air rip out my butthole? You know, I love farts. Farts are the funniest thing in the world, any country, any language, top dog, farts. Biggest laugh I ever got in my life was cause of a fart. Fifteen years old, I was taking the PSATs. You know exactly what kind of chair I was in. (laughter) I was in one of those orange public school plastic chairs, the original fart amp. Dude, the curvature on those bad boys– unbelievable. If you had the one with the three slits in the back, you could play different chords. Its like, Peh-peh-peh. So my mom gets the money together. I go to take the PSATs. Its on a Saturday. They put me in a classroom with three of my best friends. Thats their first mistake. Second mistake was the teacher that was proctoring the tests was a teacher from a different school, so I dont know this guy. I dont respect his smell. (laughter) Im making my friends laugh throughout the test. Halfway through the teacher just comes and stands over my desk and he goes, Young man, do you know how to be quiet? Q-U-I… Right as he gets to the E I just look up at him and lean a little bit to my left, and then went… (imitates high-pitched fart) Biggest laugh I ever got in my life. Legitimately thought I was gonna get a standing ovation. It was like a fucking Def Jam set in there. Then a DJ played me out of the room. Thats not true. They asked me to leave. They, uh… Yeah, you cant fart in a teachers face and go right back to your Scantron. (laughter) I definitely broke a grown man that day. You cant return to a position of authority after a teenager has locked eyes and farted in your face. I heard he walked into the woods and ended it Japanese style, the honorable way. No, I think you should use dark humor to laugh at the shit in your own life that hurts. I think thats the best use for humor in general is just make fun of the shit in your life that sucks, and it helps. It doesnt solve it, but it alleviates it. If you make fun of the darkest shit in your life, I promise you, its just a drop of lube… (laughter) …in a buttfucking of a life. I love doing dead dad jokes. My dads dead. People with dead dads love dead dad jokes. You know who doesnt like dead dad jokes, surprisingly? People with living dads. Greedy assholes, youre like, Are you talking about my papa? Like, Shut up. Shut up, hes fucking fine. (laughter) If you have a dead parent, you know what Im talking about, the second you bring it up to someone that doesnt have a dead parent, they get weird as fuck. Its not their fault, they just dont know how to handle that so they just get, like… (shrieks) They end up just launching sympathy at you that feels way out of place. When they find out theyre like, No! Youre like, What the fuck? What do they owe you money? Whats up? Like, I dont understand that. I dont understand why youre sad about something that youve never… Like, I tell people all the time my dad died of drinking when I was 14, and immediately people are like, That is terrible. You dont know him. He was a Jimmy Buffet fan. Thats exactly what he wanted. Cirrhosis is the Parrot Head way out. My dad literally wasted away in Margaritaville. (laughter) What are you sad about? You didnt– Hes not your dad. I dont understand why his alcoholisms always supposed to be sad when I tell people hes an alcoholic. Theyre like, Did he steal your food money and spend it on his hooch? No, he was just fun. Im sorry that my dad partied so hard he died from it. Whats up, Gary? I think your living dads are a bunch of nerds. Staying alive your whole life, fucking geeks. (in nerd voice): Oh, Im gonna be there when you turn into a man. Beat it, dork. (laughter) Go steal some rum, disappear for a couple years. Make me interesting. I dont even know if my dad is actually dead. Thats just some shit my grandma told me. (laughter) You guys just got white-trash M. Night Shyamalaned. Fucking twisted. No, hes dead. Hes in the dirt. We, uh… we have the paperwork. Did you know theres levels of dead dad? I didnt know that, like degrees of a black belt. Like, when my dad was alive he wasnt around, so I was always jealous of kids whose dads were around. Then my dad died, then I got jealous of kids with better dead dads. (laughter) Dude, Ive lived in New York the last 13 years. I have multiple friends whose dads died saving people in 9-11. Top-shelf dead dad. That is premium American hero, dead dad. My dad died drinking next to a lake. He relaxed to death. Bottom-shelf dead dad. Dude, my friends dads probably said something heroic, you know, like, We need to save those people. My dads last words were, like, I like mine with lettuce and tomato. Pickles and pickle, and cold… (imitates flatline) (laughter) I dont even believe in death. I think its just another form of consciousness. Thats how many mushrooms Ive taken. (applause) I know, I know. I definitely believe in aliens, thats for sure. Its 2019, if you dont believe in aliens, youre an asshole. And youre the reason theyre not showing up. Fucking knock it off. Be cool, they have a lot of stuff we could use. I think if you dont believe in aliens its for two reasons. Its either mathematically you dont know how large the universe is, or psychologically you dont want to deal with the fact that aliens dont want to hang out with us. (laughter) Stings, dont it? Theyre just flying right by like, No, fuck that shit. Why would they? Why would they ever want to hang out with us? Weve never left the planet. We went to the moon in the 60s. We havent stopped sucking our own dicks since. (laughter) We went to the edge of the driveway and touched the mailbox. And were like, Were space travelers. Shut up. What happens whenever we go to another planet? Whenever we launch a fucking satellite to another planet, the second it touches down, first thing, humans are like, Is there water here? What a shitty way to show up somewhere. If anyone walked into your house like, Wheres your water? If you dont have water, you dont have life! Youd be like, Get the fuck out of my house. We dont know. Were the home-schooled kids of the universe. Thats what we are. Weve never left the planet. Were just standing on our lawn like, We have puzzles. And theyre like, Get the fuck out of here. My favorite people are the people who want to fight the aliens. Those people are fucking hilarious. Theyre always like, Let them show up. Its like, what are you gonna do? What are you gonna Will Smith them? You gonna punch them in the face and theyre gonna fuck off? You forget that Pokemon Go almost took us out. (laughter) Do you remember that smudge on humanity? People were looking at their phones like, I think theres a Pikachu. And its like, (imitates truck horn). Like, Aah. I think my fear of aliens is that they are gonna land, Im gonna meet one, say something stupid, and then theyre gonna fuck off. Im always afraid that Ive said some dumb shit and Im not aware of it, always. I live in Queens. Ive lived there for 13 years. I live next to a mosque, best neighbors Ive ever had in my life. Legitimately, they pass out cookies when they break fast on Ramadan, which as a pothead… (laughter) …what a way to learn about a holiday. So we live in the front of the building and we dont have bars on our windows cause our landlord hates us, and one of our windows jams cause the wood is warped. So last summer I got the window open, got a nice breeze, got very high, then Im running very late. Theyre probably connected. But I was definitely more late than I was high. Like, I was late to the point where Im like, you know, you pick up your keys and then you drop them, and then you accidentally kick them under the couch. And then youre like, Let the fucking world burn. (laughter) So Im like that kind of late, and then I go to shut the window, cant shut the window. Fucking pushing on it. Im high enough that Im like, Did I forget how to shut a window? And Im pushing on this window, not moving. As Im working the window, a woman in a full burka comes out of the mosque, with maybe, like, a three-year-old boy at her side. And shes walking in front of my apartment, and right as she gets to the front, her and I lock eyes, and right as we do the window just slams shut. And I just go, No, no! And she grabs her son like, Aah! That fucked me up for three months. Three months. Three months, I keep thinking about this little boy whos gonna grow up to be the most famous person of all time, and hes gonna be like, One day when I was a child, my mother and I were leaving the mosque when a white man with red eyes slammed his window and yelled, ‘No! Thats not what happened, I was fucking late. Just yelling at a biography, Im sorry! Im always paranoid. I live in a constant state of paranoia. Im a hypochondriac. Im a massive hypochondriac. This week alone Ive battled throat cancer, AIDS, and a neurological disease to be named after me when I die. (man guffaws) That almost sounded bullying. That was like… Youre like, Ha-ha-ha, youre gonna die. (groans) No… (chuckles) (laughter) I was just watching TV on Tuesday and my hand fucking jumped and I was like, Well, thats it. (laughter) Its the beginning of the end. I should probably Google ‘right-to-die states. Yeah, but Ive been a hypochondriac for, like, about 20 years, and several times throughout those years Ive had thoughts of suicide, and then immediately Im like, Dude, you cant be both. You cant be a suicidal hypochondriac. Just walking around like, Im gonna fucking end it! But I also have this pain. (laughter) It only goes right to left and never left to right, usually when Im sitting. Im gonna figure that out, then its fucking curtains! Also shout-out to the guy that loves suicide. (laughter) What a– what a fucking limited fanbase. Hes like, I fucking love suicide. (imitates gunshot) Goddammit, our numbers keep dropping. It turns out these people that love it, fucking do it. I think you should joke around about everything in your life. I think you should joke around about the stuff that actually legitimately makes you sad. My grandmothers 92 years old, shes my favorite person on the planet. I love her more than anybody. She lives in San Francisco, I live in New York. I worry about this woman daily, if not hourly. Now, do I have a joke about murdering her? Yeah. (laughter) I think its weird if you dont think about killing your older family members. They have soft bones, theyre easily tricked. They have stuff thats almost yours. One slip in the shower, you get a piano. Thats a fucking deal. Whenever I visit my grandma I pull up her bath mat like… (popping) About to get me a Steinway. (laughter) Just get that shower gel out like… (laughter) For those of you not laughing at that joke, I told my grandma that joke and she laughed, and then she goes, Youre not getting the piano. -Yeah. -(laughter) Fucking sweet burn, Nana. Sweet ass burn. No, man, shes my only family member left on my dads side. Im her only grandchild, so every year for Thanksgiving its just the two of us. -Just sit there and eat. -(woman coos) I know, its pretty sad. Its pretty fucking bleak just eating turkey and staring at each other like were two old settlers. (laughter) Hows your bird? Dry. Its a dry bird. No, last year was the first year it actually kind of got sad. I was visiting her, I was sitting on the couch. We were having a conversation. I got up to get a glass of water. Right when I get to the kitchen, from the couch I hear my grandmother just go, (imitating grandma): Dan? Whats gluten? You sweet angel. I think its time for you to cross over. Dude, Im not fucking telling her what gluten is. Are you crazy? That woman was born in 1927 in Muskogee, Oklahoma, then was forced to move to San Francisco because of the Dust Bowl. Shes a fucking Steinbeck character. You want me to tell her what a food allergy is? Do you know how disrespectful that would look? This woman waited in a bread line until she was nine, and you want me to be like, Nana… now we have so much bread… in such abundance, that certain little kids eat it and their tummies get itchy. (laughter) Id rather walk over to that couch and put my hand over her mouth like, Just go, Nana. Just go. Gluten is German for goodbye. Fucking die. Just fucking die. Yeah. (laughter) Also theres no way I could kill her like that. If I even went for that, she would just bend my wrist and be like, (imitating grandma): Im from a time when men hit women like men. Oh, goddammit, 70 years of crosswords has given you a falcon-like grip. (laughter) ‘Cause shes tough as shit. My grandma is tough as hell, 92 years old, loves boxing. Sweet and unsettling. I called her during the Triple G, Canelo rematch. I didnt know the fight was going on, and she just picked up and went, Im watching the fight! And hung up. Is there a gambling problem I dont know about? No, I love boxing, though. I do love boxing. Strawweights are my favorite. Those are the best. Those are, like, the 90, 100-pound guys. They just beat the shit out of each other, but theyre so little. The little hands cant knock each other out. Its like watching squirrels fight. Its the fucking best, I fucking love it. I love it. My favorites when they have translators in the ring after the fight to interview the tiny men. Does not matter the nationality. Theyll get in there like, You had him in trouble in the seventh round. When did you think the fight might be over? (high-pitched muttering) And then the translator steps in and hes like, My hands are weapons from God. I destroy everything I touch. Youre like, Thats what that little-assed voice is saying? (high-pitched muttering) His family is lucky I let him leave alive. I am the angel of death, all praise be to Jesus Christ. I love professional wrestling, love professional wrestling. Get a lot of shit talked to me because of it. A lot of people comfortable calling me a fucking idiot. They find out you like wrestling and theyre like, Youre 36. Youre a fucking idiot. But I dont think so, I just like something you dont like. I like being a wrestling fan. I think I look at the world different. Politics, mostly wrestling. Donald Trump Ric Flaired his way into the White House, and no one but wrestling fans saw what was happening. Everyones like, What is he doing? I think hes going full Horseman Flair right now. Weve got to get a good Dusty Rhodes in there. Get someone for the people. Yeah, I watched that– watched that Leaving Neverland documentary. Tough watch, tough watch. I thought it was weird though that that documentary came out, and then immediately after it came out theres a small group of people that were like, There is no way that happened. Like, No way that happened? I dont know, dude. As a guy that grew up a wrestling fan without a dad and desperately wants to be liked, I watched that entire documentary like, (whistles) Hulk Hogan couldve had this ass. I mean, I was like 10 years, I was prime for the picking. Are you kidding me? If he wouldve came through Denver and been like, (as Hulk Hogan): Whats your name, little brother? I wouldve tore off my jeans like one of his shirts. Get in there Hulkster, drop the leg! What you gonna do, Hulk Hogan, when Dan Soder doesnt tell on you? (laughter) Dont get weird. You can enjoy the joke. You can laugh. Im the victim in the joke. I am the willing victim, the little power bottom that wouldve had front-row tickets to WrestleMania IX. Thats right before he jumped to WCW, learn your history. No, I mean, it was only– I always want to apologize to my mom after that joke. I feel like my mom worked way too hard for me to go around the world, like, I would let Hulk Hogan buttfuck me. (as mom): Thats not why I tried so hard, Daniel. My mom just turned 71 years old. I went out to visit her for her birthday. -It was great, man. Yeah, one person. -(one person applauds) -(audience joins applause) -Yeah, dude. It was weird, I went to celebrate my moms birthday and then I told one of my friends you know, she turned 71 and he was like, Oh, shes getting up there. I dont think thats old. I dont think 71– I do not think 71 is old in 2019. I think its old enough that you know for a fact she didnt know what the Internet was for, like, five years. Everyone over 60 just got blindsided when the Internet dropped. Im talking about thats over 60 now. Like, the Internet came out and theyre like, What the fuck? Theyre still catching up. Theyre like, I have an iPad. Youre like, All right, nice try. My mom is like, My phone connects to my laptop. Its like, Its fucking supposed to. Its supposed to do that. The Internet came out when I was 13 years old. Thats when it came into my life, the perfect age, the perfect age. Are you fucking kidding me? Thirteen years old, I was born at the crosshairs of the Internet and puberty. Legitimately for the first three months of the Internet, I thought I manifested it… (laughter) …with my horny 13-year-old brain. I was, All the boobs in the world into one box! Then my mom came home from Circuit City and shes like, Ive got a computer and its got America Online on it. I was like, Ooh, dog will hunt. Young millennials might not remember, but the Internet used to come in the mail. Like, thats how you got the Internet. Like, I remember my mom holding up a CD being, like, What am I gonna do with 500 hours of America Online? And youre like, Let me see that real quick. (laughter) 13-year-old me was like, Yeah, yeah, yeah, right here. Come on. Going through some real changes, lady. If you learned how to masturbate during the dial-up age, you have a doctorate in patience. ‘Cause theyd be like, You know theres naked people on there? And like, Where? And its like… (imitates dial-up Internet modem) And youre like, Oh, oh! Youve got mail. Go, go, go, go, go. If you whisper, Youve got mail into my ear, I will come fast. Im Pavlovian trained. If youre like, Youve got mail. Im like, Fuck, Im sorry. Im so sorry Ive got so much mail. I remember my mom– I remember I was at home alone, my mom was at work. I was home alone, got bored, you know, got horny, got greedy, as most horny men tend to get. And I remember being like, Why am I dealing with this dial-up bullshit? Why dont I go online, print a picture out? I can J-O to this thing until Im 30. I remember having that idea and being like, Am I the smartest little boy of all time? Its like, Im on some Doogie Howser shit right now. I still remember the picture to this day, thats how much time I put in. I still remember it. It was a beautiful naked woman. She was standing outside, very happy to be outside. She was smiling ear to ear and she was pouring a giant jug of milk on her body. Dont fucking judge me! I know a judgment silence when I hear one. You guys are– Worst case scenario I got a milk fetish, worst case scenario. If that is the case, guess whos got some strong-ass bones. This calcium-filled weirdo. But I saw that picture, I was like, I love this woman. Print. It was 1996. I was raised by a single mom on a real tight budget so our printer wasnt the best. It was one of those printers where you hit Print, its like… (imitates printer beeping) And then itd hit that blank spot and be like… (imitates printer clicking) I didnt give a fuck. I was standing over it like, Yes, come to life, my queen! (imitates printer beeping) Then I heard the noise that no 13-year-old boy with a boner wants to hear, that garage door open up. Yeah, cause you dont hear it at first. And then its like… (imitates garage door) youre like, Fuck! Abort! Abort! I turned off the computer, rip the paper out of the printer like a fucking government document, turned off the power strip and ran downstairs with awkward 13-year-old-with-a-boner energy. I didnt know how to hold it, you know? Like, now Im in my 30s, I know you put it in your pant lining and you walk around like you played football in the 70s. Youre just like, Ow, ow, ow, ow. But 13, I was just like, Fuck. My mom immediately walks in and shes like, Whats up? Why are you being weird? I was like this, I learned a lot in school today. That was it, you know? My mom hung out. About 10 minutes later, out of nowhere, my mom makes herself a drink and shes like, All right, Im gonna go play Tetris. Thought nothing of it. I was like, Go get em, Trish. Line that shit up. Yeah, all I hear is my mom walk into the room with the computer. I hear her put her drink down, then I just hear the click of the power strip, then I hear… (imitates printer starting up) Im like, No, I killed you! Youre dead! Its like… (imitates printer sound) Im downstairs having a full-on fucking meltdown. Im like, I cant live here anymore. This lady knows what Im into. My mom comes downstairs furious, holding a picture of a naked woman dumping milk all over herself, no forehead, gone. Its clean off. She just shows me the picture and she just goes, What the fuck is this? Its 96, Internet is maybe three years old. She showed me that picture, I was like… (exhales) I think you got a virus. Thats it. Thats all it took. Its all it took, there wasnt one follow-up question. My mom was like, Im gonna call Circuit City. I was like, Yeah, those fucking perverts! Guess who dug that picture up out of the trash an hour later like a horny little raccoon? First time I ever told that story, I was in Denver and I didnt know my mom was in the crowd. And the next day we got lunch and she was like, You know, I remember that. And I was like, What? How do you remember that? And shes like, You dont forget when you come home from work, and the son youre raising by yourself is printing out pornography. (laughter) I was like, Yeah, but, you know, I told you it was a virus and you believed it. And she was like, Yeah, and I let you believe that I believed it. (laughter) Which blew me away. I was like, Why didnt you just yell at me? Why didnt you, you know? Why didnt I get in trouble? And shes like, Do you think Im gonna yell at a boy printing out pornography when Im raising you without a fatherly figure? Youre gonna end up choking hookers in your 30s. (laughter) Thats when I realized how great of a mom I had. She let me think I outsmarted her. But it also makes sense why every night before dinner my mom was always like, Let me guess, you want milk? (laughter) You guys were a lot of fun. Thank you very much. -(cheers and applause) -Thanks a lot. God bless. See you later, guys. -Thank you. (cheering continues) (In the Fade by Queens of the Stone Age plays) Dan: Thank you! (cheering continues) ? Just live till you die ? ? I wanna drown ? ? With nowhere to fall ? ? Into the arms of someone ? ? Theres nothin to say that I know ? ? You live till you die ? ? Live till you die, I know ? ? Live till you die, I know ? ? Live till you die, I know ? ? Live till you die ? ? Live till you die, I know ? ? Live till you die ?

JIM GAFFIGAN@QUALITY tIME@2019@(audience cheering, applauding) Thank you! Thank you! Oh my God. Thank you. Thank you for coming out. (audience cheering) Its good to be here. This is what I look like. Its mostly my fault. Well, its all my fault. I wish I had an excuse, you know? Like I had to gain all this weight for a movie. Theres no movie. If you saw me eat, you would think there were multiple movies. Are they doing a live action Shrek? This guys gonna be perfect! Im wearing my shirt untucked. The untucked shirt. The fat mans last hurrah. Next stop muumuu. You might see a guy with his shirt untucked and think, Oh, was he in a hurry? Is he going casual? But you should know that someone very close to that man saw him with his shirt tucked in, and said, Dont do that. Thats visually unpleasing. You look better not fully dressed. The untucked shirt, its like the male wonder bra. Theres a surprise underneath and… youre not gonna like it. (audience applauding) This is not an UNTUCKit. UNTUCKit, which is a brand of shirt. I do love those UNTUCKit commercials. They present it like some revolutionary technology. Its a shirt that can be worn untucked. Wow! Like a magic shirt? Thats right. Can other shirts do that? No, this is a special shirt. It goes with our unzipped pants. And our unbuckled belt, and combined with your uncombed hair you can look unemployed. And be unwelcome in restaurants. Thats unbelievable. This shirt is actually a 2XL. Thats right, I did it. Mission accomplished. (audience cheering, applauding) There should be a moving up ceremony for when you hit 2XL. It is with great pride and slight disgust, that we present this garment roughly the size of a circus tent, to this slob who actually struggles to put on his own socks. He may now burp for no reason at all. I am new to the 2XL community. Theyve been very welcoming. I did some research. You know what the size after 2XL is? Kill yourself. No, its 3X! Triple X! Thats pornographic. Its so fat its obscene. Triple X does sound like some fat on fat action. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. And Im headin there, hopefully by the end of the show. I dont know what happened. All I did was eat abusively for 40 years. And suddenly Im fat? That doesnt seem fair. I am now at the size, when I go in clothing stores sales people look at me like, We got nothing for you. And you cant use our bathroom. When I go out to eat, if I order a salad, the waiters always like, Aw. Look at you try. Im always afraid hes gonna gather the whole staff, The fat pig is trying, the fat pig is trying, I… (audience laughs) Ive always talked about my weight in my stand up but in the past after shows if I ran into audience members theyd be like, Jim, youre not that fat, youre not that fat. But now after shows people are like, Good show. (audience laughs) You nailed it. I dont care. I like to eat! I like to eat. You know, when you like to eat, whats weird is people assume you enjoy cooking. (audience laughs) Well, you must know your way around the kitchen. I know where the food is. Well, you must love to cook. Look, I like to sleep. It doesnt mean I wanna build a bed. (audience laughs) The truth is, I dont like to do anything. Like when I order delivery, Im kind of annoyed they dont know what I want already. What, do I have to do everything? I did lose some weight last summer, thank you. – Thank you. – (audience applauding) I did. I did. Well, I had my appendix removed. But it still counts. I didnt know what the appendix was, and since Im an idiot I just pretended like I did. The doctor was like, We have to remove your appendix, and I was, like, Both of them? Luckily he thought I was kidding. He was, like… (imitates laughing) Ah! Im so grateful he didnt call me out. I dont know what I wouldve said, you know? Like, Theres only one appendix. Oh, ha ha, appendix. I– I thought you said lungs. To me they sound similar cause Im dumb. I didnt know what the appendix was, but I dont feel that bad. The doctor told me science isnt even sure what the appendix does exactly. Science isnt even sure why the appendix exists. And I heard that and I was, like, oh my gosh, the appendix is like a Kardashian. It is. (audience cheering, applauding) Think about it. Its a mystery to everyone. But for some of us, causes excruciating pain. It needs to be removed with a knife. Obviously, Im not promoting violence, against any of the Kardashians. Just the mother. Theres always one person that gets too into that joke. Yes, kill the mother. Kill her and smear her blood on my face. (audience laughs) I think its strange science doesnt know what the appendix does. That means nobody knows. You never hear, Science doesnt know, but Earl has a theory. Earl, when you were cleaning the toilet, you mumbled something. How is that an acceptable answer from the entire scientific community? Yeah, we dont know. Well, back to cloning everything. And they just remove the appendix. Thats the solution. Take it out! We dont know what it does. And its fine. But you know the first time they did it, We removed your appendix. Lets see what happens. I had my appendix removed in Alaska. Thats not why I went there. I was on vacation with my family, and I had this sharp pain in my abdomen, and since Im a genius, my first thought was, Oh, I pulled a muscle in my stomach. Thats what I sincerely thought. See all these muscles? I thought I pulled one… doin nothin. And the pain was overwhelming. I couldnt move. My wife was like, Im gonna go for help, Im gonna go for help. But were in a remote area of Alaska so she just ran to nearby cabins. Eventually she came back all out of breath. Shes like, I found a guy, I found a guy. I was, like, Oh good, is he a doctor? She goes, No. I go, Is he a nurse? She goes, Hes a lawyer. I guess he can do my will. So then this lawyer-doctor came over, and started asking me questions, and when youre in pain all questions are annoying. Hes like, Do you have a fever? And I was like, Are you even a lawyer? Hes like, Is it a dull pain? Theres nothing boring about this. Eventually I had to be airlifted on advice of counsel. (audience laughs) I was airlifted, which was embarrassing, cause unlike a heroic airlift if someone from a natural disaster or a wounded solider, I was just a fat guy with a tummy ache. (audience laughs) The helicopter pilot was like, Wait, your stomach hurts? Yeah, its real sore. Do you know how much it costs to rent a helicopter? But my tummy hurts. I knew it was expensive. I sat on that helicopter the entire ride just holding my stomach and praying, praying, Please dont let this be gas. (audience laughs) Sweet Jesus, dont let this be gas. ‘Cause if its gas I dont think I can return to my family. (audience laughs) Hey kids, daddys back. Had some gas. Took a helicopter ride. None of you wanted to go to college did ya? Its a little out of our price range now. We dont know what caused the gas. It mightve been daddys three breakfast burritos. Pretty much a medical mystery. I was airlifted to the closest hospital. They removed my appendix. They did a good job. I mean, Im female now. (audience laughs) The surgeon who removed my appendix, his name was Dr. Muffuletta. Which is also the name of a delicious New Orleans sandwich. And I do look like a guy who would know that. So when he introduced himself I was like, am I being visited by the ghost of sandwich past? Is Nurse PoBoy about to come in? (audience laughs) I woke up after the surgery covered in Mardi Gras beads. (audience laughs) No, I woke up and there was a nurse standing there and she was like, The surgery was a success. Just let me know if it hurts when you pee, and I was like wait, wheres the appendix? (audience laughs) How exactly did you remove it? This doesnt sound like a success at all. Then she explained, right before the surgery, they inserted a catheter. I didnt know what that was so I was like, Oh, okay. And then I started piecing it together. It hurts when I pee, catheter. Im suing this hospital! Youll be hearing from my lawyer-doctor. What monsters. If given a choice of peeing all over myself, or having a tube inserted in my penis… Ill take the pee shower. I guess Im old fashioned, you know? (audience cheering, applauding) Checking out of the hospital, the desk clerk was so excited. He was like, You had your appendix removed. I had my gallbladder taken out. I was like, We should vacation together. What are the odds two fat Americans had surgery on their digestive system? I was released from the hospital the day after the surgery. They gave me pain killers. They also instructed me to do some walking, which I assume was part of the recovery, but it kind of felt like a commentary on my weight. Have you ever done any walking? Have you ever leaned forward and let your legs propel your fat ass? Lets take a break from your motorized scooter. And I was in Alaska, so I said this was perfect. So I returned to my family, and we immediately went on a hike and it was great. Alaskas beautiful. My kids were havin fun. I was pretending like I enjoyed being outside. And then suddenly we saw a bear, like, 500 yards away, this huge brown bear, like, way bigger then a gummy bear. And I was so excited cause I watch nature shows, but I had never seen a bear in person so it felt like a celebrity sighting. I was like, Oh my God, Ive watched you on Animal Planet. Youre so much taller in person. Can we do a selfie? But unlike a celebrity sighting, there was the risk of death. Like, you never hear, were in restaurant, Tom Hanks walked in and then he came over and murdered my family. That never happens. But the bear was far away, so I took out my phone and I started taking pictures, and then suddenly the bear stood up, roared and looked right at me. Started creeping towards me, tilting his head back and forth almost like he recognized me. That guy looks like Phillip Seymour Hoffman. (audience cheering, applauding) I was terrified. Luckily, we were with a tour guide, and I looked at him and he goes, Dont worry, I have bear spray, and I was like, Do you have anything stronger? Like a bear gun? ‘Cause I dont think this bears approaching to get his hair done. And the bear kept coming, kept coming, and then suddenly the tour guide goes, Okay, I want everyone to start walking backwards slowly. Walk backwards slowly. I guess, so the bear could catch up. So we started walking backwards slowly. By then the bear was in a full sprint. I had surgery 12 hours ago, so I smelled delicious. I was also sunburned, so I probably looked like a giant land salmon. The bear couldnt believe his luck, like, Im not gonna have to eat for a month. I was like, Im gonna die! Im gonna be eaten by a bear! Which is ironic given how many animals Ive eaten. So I started humming Circle of Life, and continued walking backwards slowly. I should point out its not like we were walking backwards slowly to a car or a cabin. We were walking backwards slowly to nothing. It probably looked like we were teasing the bear like, Come and get it, Mr. Bear. Are you looking to get a little grisly? Craving a little 2XL are you? And before you knew it the bear was upon us, and he killed us and we died. Such a bloody mess. No, what really happened, is at one point the tour guide pulled out this thing, it looked like a pen. I was like, Great, hes gonna ask for the bears autograph. And I learned later on it was a bear flare, and he squeezed it, and this tiny fire ball went out towards the bear and I was like, Oh good, something to anger the bear. The fireball bounced off the bear. The bear stopped and then just ran the other way like it forgot something at home. And we all looked at each other like, Oh my gosh, that just happened, that just happened. And thats a true story. Well, most of thats true. Well, its all true except there was no bear. (audience cheering, applauding) And– No, there was a bear. I do sometimes lie up here. Im not proud of it. But sometimes we all have to lie. Like, even when I tell my children not to lie, Im kind of lying to them. Some people are like, You should never lie to a child, and those people dont have kids. ‘Cause when you have kids, you lie to them all the time. Youre, like, You wouldnt like this ice cream, its very spicy. Id share but Santa said I cant. Now why dont you go to sleep so I can wrestle your mom? (audience laughs) Im not encouraging lying. Im just saying there are times when you need to, right? Like if youre late to meet someone, and you can see that theyre already angry, and you dont have an excuse, you have to lie. ‘Cause if you told that person the truth, they would never speak to you again. You cant be like, Hey, I gotta come clean. I just couldnt motivate to get goin. I mean, eventually I could. What Im tryin to say is I dont value your time. (audience laughs) Ive identified there are two times when its socially acceptable to lie. To spare someones feelings, its okay to lie. Its also okay to lie to cover up a murder. (audience laughs) Allow me to explain. When we discover someones a murderer, we also learn theyve done some fibbin. But we tend to focus on the murder part. You never hear, Im angry he killed that guy, but frankly Im more upset about the lying. Its the dishonesty that bothers me. Some trust has been broken. Speaking of lying murderers, I watch a lot of Dateline. I dont wanna brag. Some other winners out there. If youre unfamiliar or you have a life, Dateline — (audience laughs) is a news magazine show like 60 Minutes, but at one point Dateline just went all-in on murder. And its usually spousal murder. Like if you watch Dateline, it appears most marriages end in murder. (audience laughs) Every episode starts the same. They had the perfect marriage. But you know someones gettin killed. A husband, a wife. Sometimes theyll get someone else to kill their spouse, which seems impersonal. Like, you took a vow, do it yourself. (audience laughs) Anyway, I was watchin this one episode of Dateline about this guy who murdered his wife. It was gruesome. I was watchin with my wife on our anniversary. My wife didnt care. I mean, she wasnt thrilled I was taking notes. What are you writing down? This guys just sloppy. Its like hes tryin to get caught. If anything, this guys plan was foolproof. What he did on his anniversary is he threw a party for him and his wife, and they invited all their friends so that they could see how happy they were, and then the next morning he took his wife fishing. He rented a boat, he brought a cooler, some tackle, three concrete blocks and a tarp. (audience laughs) You know, for fishing. And he woulda gotten away with the whole thing, but three months after his wife disappeared at sea, he got engaged to a stripper. Which is kinda suspicious. And to celebrate their engagement, they dropped acid, as tradition would have. (audience laughs) And while tripping on acid, he admitted the whole thing to his fiance. And she turned him in cause she didnt appreciate the dishonesty. (audience laughs) (audience cheering, applauding) And as the episode ended all I could think is, Im a terrific husband. Ive never even thought of murdering my wife. Well, Ive never made plans to murder my wife. Well, I dont own concrete blocks. (audience laughs) I can see some of you are like, Jim, I dont like the murder jokes. I dont like them. But wouldnt it be great if in a week, you learned I was a murderer? ‘Cause then you could brag. You could be like, Oh my gosh, we were at the taping for his special. And he had all these jokes on murder. Were they good? Not really, no. He was better at murder than comedy. If you know me, I would do anything for my wife, and thats part of my alibi. No, I– (audience cheering, applauding) I would do anything for my wife, but Im not a romantic person. I wish I was. There are moments when its glaringly obvious. I get to travel so much during stand up. I did a show in Cologne, Germany, and before the show, I was walking over this bridge that went across the Rhine River, and as I walked across, I noticed there were hundreds of locks, hundreds of locks on this bridge, and each of the locks had two initials, and it was apparent that couples had put the lock there as a symbol of their relationship, and I looked at it and I thought, Thats perfect. Nothing captures love like a rusty padlock, dangling over filthy water. But it was visually spectacular and it affected me. Im almost embarrassed to admit this. I found myself spending the next hour just kind of looking for a hardware store in this town I had never been in. I spent an hour looking and eventually I found a hardware store. I went in and I bought a bolt cutter. (audience cheering, applauding) And I went back and I started snipping off the locks. And with each snip I said, Its over. Its over. Youre free. And people were givin me dirty looks. What a grand romantic gesture right? But, you know the first guy who did that was a psycho. Like his partner or girlfriend was not a willing participant. He was like, Youre probably wondering why I brought you to the middle of the bridge, in March. Im gonna do something youll never ever forget. She was like, Oh my gosh, are you gonna jump? No. I wanna put this lock here. Ill put it here as a symbol of our love. Soon others will do it, and the bridge will be covered with locks. But youll know that the first lock was the symbol of our love. And the womans like, Is that my bike lock? (audience laughs) Not anymore. (audience laughs) Jim, thats a sad story. Recently, I was invited to a surprise birthday party. It was a surprise birthday party for a dog. Thats right, I have friends that are mentally ill. (audience laughs) I went, I went. It was in my apartment building and I needed the material. (audience laughs) And to be fair, the dog was surprised. Didnt suspect a thing. Dog didnt know it was his birthday. The dog didnt know it had a birthday. The dog wasnt sure why people were in the apartment. It was the dogs third birthday, which in dog years doesnt matter. (audience laughs) Someone made that up and we just went along with it. Oh, one year equals seven for doggies? Okay. When I see a dog, Ill do math. Thats not fulfilling some dog need, you know? Theres not a dog sitting in a bar right now going, Im not three, Im 21! I can legally drink! Thats not how dogs keep track of time. If you have a dog, you know they dont keep track of time. Youve left your home, forgotten something, walked back in only to be greeted by your dog like youve just returned from war. Youre back! Its a miracle! Youre back after I dont know how long cause Im a dog. (audience laughs) These poor dogs. We just attach these points of view on these poor dogs. Like dog is mans best friend. How desperate are humans? Were best friends, right? Dogs like, Well, arent we different species? But were best friends forever. You know you lock me in the house all day, with nothing but a bowl of water. Youd think youd let your best friend sit on the couch. Were best friends. Now put on this firemans outfit. Were gonna do a photo shoot for Instagram. You know sometimes when you sleep, I think about eating your face. (audience laughs) But I get it. I love dogs too. I love animals. We all have a friend that announces they love animals in a way that implies the rest of us are drowning kittens. Yeah, but I love animals. Well, thats a pretty exclusive group of just you and anyone whos not a serial killer. Yeah, but I just get along with animals better. Or humans dont like you. (audience laughs) I did have an opportunity to go on a safari, which was unbelievable. It was breathtaking how bad the wifi was. (audience laughs) I went on a safari which is just a fancy word for animal stalking. ‘Cause thats what you do on a safari. You follow animals and watch them. Youre like… Beautiful. (audience laughs) Its a good thing these animals cant report us to the police. Yeah, officer, that fat guy in the untucked shirt followed me for an hour this morning. I woke up and he was taking pictures of me and my family. (audience laughs) We were naked. Yeah, the guy who looks like Phillip Seymour Hoffman. (audience laughs) On the safari, I saw one animal kill another animal, and intellectually I was, like, I dont wanna see that, but emotionally in the moment I was like, Get him. Kill it! My kids were totally savage about it. Theyre like, Kill him, kill him! I want blood. My kids were with me. My kids were poorly behaved on a safari. Theyre six and seven, and animals would walk by like, Savages. (audience laughs) My two youngest are six and seven year old boys, and theyre total savages. Theyre constantly picking on me. Theyre jumping on me and they pick on me. How they pick on me recently is they make fun of my, what they call my huge boy part. (audience laughs) Now before you think Im walking around the house naked, or in fact have a huge boy part, you should know that, like, when you have young sons, you have to constantly encourage them to use the bathroom, and if youre a dad, sometimes you pee with them, so thats why theyve seen my boy part. But that doesnt explain why sometimes at dinner, theyll just point at me and giggle, and go, Dad and his huge boy part. I never know what to say. Im like, Guilty. Got me again. Did you hear that honey? (audience laughs) Lovely weather out there. (audience laughs) I prefer the cold to hot. I do. I know thats surprising looking at me, given I look like a snowman. (audience cheering, applauding) But I prefer the cold you know? Last summer I was in Las Vegas. It was 114 degrees. 114 degrees. You can actually hear the sun at that point. (imitates sun crackling) It didnt feel safe. I was, like, Are we supposed to be here? 114– Like, youre never at a friends house and, Warm in here. Yeah, I set the thermostat to 114. Thats how I like it. Im part lizard. (audience laughs) Thermostats dont even go up that high. Meat thermometers do. I think God is just cooking people in Vegas. (imitates sun crackling) Ooh, that ones smoking. I love smoked meat. (imitates sun crackling) It was 114 degrees, which was shocking, but not as shocking as how casually Las Vegas residents just went about their day in that heat. It was like… (imitates sun crackling) They were like, Lets play Frisbee. Time to walk the dog. I was like, Get inside! The Earth is on fire! Get inside and beg for Gods forgiveness. Youve obviously angered him! Thats why Vegas is called Sin City, its the same temperature as Hell. I have a friend from Vegas. I told him it was 114. He goes, Thats nothin. Im like, No, thats somethin. Thats actually the temperature you boil water at. Hes, like, Its not that bad. Not if youre makin Ramen. Hes, like, Thats our summer. Thats not summer. Summer is when you barbecue on the grill, not the side walk. Its so weird to be places where summer is the enemy. I was, like, in the southwest, they talk about summer like its an ex lover they never wanna see again. We gotta get outta here before summer gets here. Last year, I couldnt leave my house when summer was here. You ever notice the further north you go, the more obsessed people are with summer? Like I– In February, I was in Bangor, Maine, and everyone was talking about summer. Everyone I met, theyre like, You gotta come back during summer. You gotta come back. Which is a strange way to greet someone. Hi, how are ya? Come back later. (audience laughs) And it was everyone. You gotta come back during summer, you gotta, Im– Yeah but Im here now. Just make sure you come back. I didnt wanna come the first time. (audience laughs) But I love how northern cities sell summer. Like, Summer heres unbelievable. Its perfect. For one twelfth of the year its ideal. Otherwise its a tundra filled with alcoholism and depression. But for those 13 odd days its worth it. (audience laughs, cheers) I did nothing today. Didnt feel any pressure to do anything. Some places you feel like a pressure to do something, like St. Louis, You gotta go see our arch. I dont want to. Go look at our arch. Why dont I just go McDonalds and see two? San Antonio, You gotta go to the Alamo. I was gonna nap. No, youre gonna stand outside in blistering heat and look at a building. Cant I just say I forgot about the Alamo? You know who didnt wanna go to the Alamo? The people who died at the Alamo. I bet their last thought was, I wish I didnt go to the Alamo. I thought it was a rental car company. Can you imagine that level of bravery? 187 Texans fought 2,000 of Santa Annas finest Mexican troops and at one point those 180 Texans just decided, We should just fight til we all die. Like, if I was there I wouldve been like, Excuse me. I love the idea of Texas too, but have you tried this Mexican food? It is delicioso. I propose we remember the guacamole. Of course Vegas, the big assignment is to gamble. Nobody every admits they gamble when they go to Las Vegas. You goin to Vegas, you gonna gamble? No, Im gonna see shows. Youre not gonna gamble at all? Well, if I walk by a poker table I might sit down and lose $10,000. Im mainly going for the shows. We dont like to admit we gamble. People never admit it. Theyre like, Im not gambling, Im just pulling this lever. I like to pull levers. Its a good arm workout. Im not gambling, Im just watching these horses run and letting the winner determine if I keep my home. (audience laughs) We are country that loves to bet on horses. Every spring, we track the three races of the Triple Crown, and every spring I always have the same thought. Were still doing this? Is Woodrow Wilson president? But people love the Triple Crown. The Kentucky Derby, where people bet on horses while theyre dressed like characters from Gone with the Wind. Its like prom for gamblers. Do you like my hat? Im living in my sisters garage. (audience laughs) ‘Cause I have a debilitating gambling addiction. Shall we have another mint julep? They always announce the winner of each race on the news. You can always tell the horse was named by a guy on his eighth wife. The horse is always named like Viagras Revenge. Alimony Be Damned. They show a picture of the winning horse on the news. They could show us a picture of any horse, we wouldnt know the difference. I dont know what were supposed to do with that horse image. Its not like were gonna run into that horse in a bar. Excuse me, did you win the Kentucky Derby? I did, I won the Kentucky Derby. Now Im in a bar, enjoying a Heiferweizen. There is the classic photo of the winning horse right? Theyre always wearing that huge horseshoe wreath of flowers they stole from someones grave site. Standing next to the winning horse is the owner of the horse, who did not train the horse, did not ride the horse, and based on body language has never really met the horse. There the owner stands, looking like theyve never paid taxes. Sitting on top of the winning horse is the jockey, whos dressed like he just came from a local pride parade. They always interview the jockey expecting some insight. Theyre like, Howd you win? The jockeys like, I whipped the horse and it ran. (audience laughs) Its very rare for a horse to win all three races in the Triple Crown, mainly cause theyre horses and they dont care. Mostly they just want someone to stop whipping them, cause theyre horses. I didnt know this. After the Triple Crown, all those horses retire. They retire at the age of three. It feels early. They retire and then theyre sent out to stud. Those horses get paid to have sex, which in some ways is better than winning the Triple Crown. Thats like the quadruple crown. Thats gotta be an adjustment for those horses. Like, Hey, remember when we whipped you and we wanted you to run? Well, now when we whip you, were gonna have you do something a little different. (audience laughs) How many horse jokes is this guy gonna do? I never thought Id miss a murder joke. Theres a lot more horse jokes. And if you havent noticed, I know nothing about horses. I dont horseback ride mainly because I prefer to be comfortable, and its not the 1800s. Im sure the horses arent thrilled either. Theyre like, Why am I carrying you around? I saw you drive up in a Honda Civic? (audience cheering, applauding) But people like to horseback ride. I have a friend, she told me the reason she enjoys horseback riding is cause she loves horses which seems like a strange way of expressing love for something. Making it carry you around on its back. I mean I love my Great Aunt Katie. (audience laughs) Im not gonna make her carry me around on her back. Not anymore, yeah. (audience laughs) I dont even know why we have to specify that its horse-back riding. (audience laughs) Are there people like, Hey, you wanna ride a horse? What part? (audience laughs) The part that looks like a seat, the back. Oh good, cause Ive done horse-ass riding. That was painful, I kept fallin off. (audience laughs) I should probably tell you, the rest of the show is all horse jokes. (audience cheering, applauding) (gasps) Is he serious? (audience cheering, applauding) There are different types of horses. (audience laughs) Hes gonna keep going isnt he? No, there are breeds of horses, right? Which is different from horse breeding. I dont know if youve ever seen two horses breed, but thatll keep you awake at night. If youve never seen two horses breed, do not YouTube it. Do not YouTube it and print out still images. Dont do that. Dont affix your face on one of the images and show your wife and think its funny. She wont think its funny. But that says more about her then you. What was I talkin about? Horses. Its strange how we treat horses. We give horses shoes. I dont even know if horses need shoes. You never seen a horse in the wild walking around like, Ow! Ow! I wish I had some damn shoes! We give horses shoes that are metal. Metal. Thats worse then Crocs. That must be hard to shop for right? Do you have anything in metal but not a slip on? Something I can nail to my foot. Thats what we do, we nail it to their foot! And when were not doing that, were literally tossing the horseshoe around as a game. The horse must be like, What the hell are you doin with my shoes? It probably looks like were taunting the horse. Hey, horse, why dont you come and get your shoes? Why dont you go and grab it? Oh, you cant, cause you dont have hands! The horse shoe, a symbol of luck for everyone but the horse. I dont know if this is true. Someone told me that when horses are sent out to stud, some female horses will wear high heel horse shoes. Makes them more confident. Im gonna be payin for this later on. Oh, and Ive been on my feet all day. (audience laughs) Thats gotta be the end of the horse jokes. Horse people, and Im not talkin about people that are half-horse, half-human, which are centaurs and they dont exist… anymore, right? No, people who own horses will tell you that the horse cant even feel the nail going in their foot. Not that anyones ever heard a horse go, Thats fine, hammer away. Next time glue, just dont tell me where you got the glue from. (audience laughs) Oh, that was too edgy? Theres no horses in here. Theres not a horse in the front row goin, Hey, take it easy on the glue jokes. Im gonna– I love how some of you look for it. Is there a horse out there? (audience laughs) Its strange how we treat horses, you know? The most shocking way how we treat horses is when they break their leg, we shoot them. Thats a harsh medical plan. And someone explained the reason they shoot horses when they break their leg is cause its unlikely the leg will heal properly, and I was like, unlikely? So theres a chance? Can you imagine how stressed out horses must be? Like, I stepped on a branch. It was a branch, put down the gun! Look at the branch, its a branch! Even if theyre injured theyre like, Ill walk it off, Im gonna walk it off. Put the gun down, jeez. You guys, anyone? Have you ever heard of Ben Gay? Whats goin on? Put down the gun! (audience laughs) I can see on some of your faces, that you would frankly prefer if I did more horse jokes. (audience laughs) (audience cheering, applauding) Okay. (audience laughs) Its odd, how we treat horses cause we live in this era where we treat our dogs and cats as family members. People are always trying to get their dog on an airplane. You know its just a matter of time before someone brings a horse on a plane. Are you kidding me? This is my therapy horse. He keeps me calm on the flight. Wed like to welcome our Silver Medallion members to board. And anyone traveling with a farm animal, you can board at Gate 47. Feel free to grab some sugar cubes that weve… (audience laughs) Horse power. (audience laughs) Horse power is so different from girl power. Do you know what I mean? Its like, You go, horse! Hey! Hay is what horses eat. (audience laughs) Okay, I can tell at this point theres probably one or two, or 300 of you, that are frankly annoyed by the horse jokes. (audience laughs) And I want you to know that your annoyance gives me pleasure. (audience laughs) (audience cheering, applauding) All right, you know what? Thats, thats– No more horse jokes. I promise, I promise. All right? Anyway, um… ponies… are completely different. (audience laughs) Heres the problem with doing roughly 10 minutes of horse jokes. Besides the audience hating you for the rest of their lives. Its for the next couple minutes you will all be like, Is there a horse joke comin? (audience laughs) Or youre gonna be like, He coulda put a horse joke in there. He didnt use the reference ‘giddy up. Why wouldnt he put it in there? But I want you to put the horse jokes aside. Put them in a barn. And Im gonna talk about something else. Maybe. No, its over. I– You know, as I mentioned earlier I did some shows in Europe and I only bring that up to try and impress you. But I flew over. Really the only way to get across the Atlantic. You rarely run into someone whos like, You know what? I paddle boarded. It was a great arm workout. I flew over. That transatlantic flight wipes people out. People are a mess. Theyre like, I need a day. I need a day. The flight doesnt sound that hard. Its like, Oh, it was brutal. I had to sit and watch two movies. I felt like I was being water boarded. I need a day. I was flying back, 3,000 miles, seven hours. We landed. The guy sitting next to me was like, That took too long. It used to take six weeks, on a boat, if you survived. Thats how long it took Columbus to get from Spain to the western hemisphere, six weeks. But you know, once Columbus got here he was like, I need a day. I am so boat-lagged. Give me a day and Ill get right down to murdering and plundering. Jim dont bring up Columbus, youre too white. But Columbus, thats part of our history right? Columbus ushered in all these people that came to the western hemisphere, and some of them did bad things. But humans have done bad things throughout the world. Like in Australia the way some of the settlers treated the aboriginals, it was not nice. It was not a gday. (audience laughs) In fact it was a series of bad days or bidets. (audience laughs) In New Zealand, the settlers shared the land with the native people, the Maori people, a very noble warrior-like people, but the Maori werent even the first people in New Zealand. The first people in New Zealand were the Moriori and then the Maori came and ate them. Not even makin that up. Thats the most intimidating thing you could do to your enemy, right? Like, Oh, youre gonna kill me? Yeah, and then Im gonna grab some mayonnaise. (audience laughs) What are you gonna d– Oh! Could you imagine those initial English settlers in New Zealand? ‘Cause the British had conquered the world. They had colonies on every continent so by the time they got to New Zealand they were like, Weve done this before. Lets meet with the locals and take over. So they met with the Maori and theyre like, So what happened to these Moriori people, did you kill them? And theyre like, Yeah, and then we ate them. The English were like, We were thinkin we could share the islands. You wanna share? Youre not hungry now are you? You know what? Get em some shepherds pie. Tell em its made out of shepherds. (audience laughs) Jim even makes colonialism about eating. (audience laughs) They were cannibals. By the way, at one time, all human civilizations were cannibal, which means back then it meant something different when someone said, Im craving Indian or Thai. (audience laughs) I can see how you wanna be offended, but theres no reason. When I was in Europe, I tried all the local specialties, you know? Norway, I tried reindeer meat. I was in a Norwegian butcher shop in January, and they had a sale on reindeer meat, and nothing says Christmas season is over, (audience laughs) quite like a sale on reindeer meat. Its gotta be a tough day for Santa. I wanna thank all you reindeer who helped this Christmas. Great job. Now when I call your name, come with me into the smokehouse. (audience laughs) France, I ate so much cheese. So much delicious French cheese, and I feel like Im still digesting it. My delicate American body couldnt handle the French cheese. And its not like I dont eat cheese. Most of you are looking at me like, We think you eat cheese. We think you might only eat cheese. But the French, they eat cheese on a whole other level. In France, they make eating cheese an official course of the meal. So youll eat an appetizer, then youll eat an entree, then for no reason at all you eat a bunch of chunks of cheese, then you eat dessert. After that, you go to the hospital. And of course, Ive eaten chunks of cheese before, just not in public. Or with pants on. Eating chunks of cheese, thats something Im usually caught doing. My wifes like, What the hell are you doin? Nothing honey! I remember the first time I had the cheese course, Id eaten an appetizer, Id eaten my entree and I started eating my cheese course, and I heard my heart say, Are you mad at me? Did I do something to anger you? My brain took over. Its all right, its all right. Theres gonna be some sweating. Bowels, you can take a couple weeks off. Appendix, get ready to blow. (audience laughs) Tried so many delicious French cheeses, and I couldnt tell you the name of one of them. And they would tell me the names. Theyre like, This is (imitating French). From the (imitating French) region. And Id be like, So not cheddar? ‘Cause I tried cheddar. You guys get cheddar over here yet? I like me some cheddar. Some of the French cheeses I tried were goat cheese, or as the goats call it, cheese. Theyre not caught up in your cow cheese bias. You know, when I see cheese I dont even see an animal. I just see something my body cant process. (audience laughs) I like goat cheese. Id never looked at a goat and thought, I bet that would make good cheese. (audience laughs) How do we even get to the point of goat cheese? Was someone like, This cow cheese is good, but see that dog that looks like it smokes meth? (audience cheering, applauding) Can someone try and milk it? I got a hunch it would make cheese that would great with beets. (audience laughs) Those Europeans, they have a different approach to dairy. When they make a sandwich in Europe they put butter on their bread, they put butter on the bread, and then mayonnaise. Ugh. Thats like putting on contacts and glasses. (audience laughs) Butter on the bread of a sandwich? That actually sounds like something Americans would do that Europeans would criticize us for. Those American pigs, when they make a sandwich, they put butter on the bread. No wonder they fat pig. Thats a good impression of absolutely every European. (audience laughs) I did love doing shows over there. You never knew what was gonna work. Sometimes theres a language barrier. Theres different references. Theres famous people in other countries weve never heard of. I was doing this show in Ireland before. I was doing the sound check before the show, and the sound guy was like, Do you have any special requests? And I jokingly said, Well, Ill probably close my show by singing Raglan Road, which is a famous Irish folk song based on a famous Irish poem and the sound guy was like, Ooh, I dont recommend that. And I was like, Well, I was kidding but why? And he goes, Well recently Billy Joelle did that. And I was like, Whos Billy Joelle? (audience laughs) And he goes, You dont know who Billy Joelle is? I was like, Im from another country, I dont know whos famous here. What is it, Supermans dad? I dont know. He goes, Billy Joelle is from America. And I was like, Oh my gosh, theres an American whos famous in Ireland that Ive never heard of. He goes, Billy Joelle, Piano Man. Uptown Girl. I was like, Oh, you mean Billy Joel. (audience laughs) He goes, No, its Billy Joelle. For a second I thought, Maybe hes right. (audience laughs) This wouldnt be the first time I discovered I mispronounced someones name for my entire life. In my mind I started going through every conversation I had on Billy Joel. Im like, Did anybody else say Billy Joelle? When I said Billy Joel, did anyone look at me strange? Then I remember, you know who pronounces it Billy Joel? Billy Joel. And at that point the opening act had come in, and he was also from Ireland, and I said, Hey, this sound guys calls Billy Joel Billy Joelle. And the Irish comic goes, It is Billy Joelle. I was like, Is everyone crazy in this country? What, theres no one in Ireland named Joel? And he goes, Yeah, we call them Joelle. I was like, Well then, what would you call someone whos actually named Joelle? He goes, You mean like Billy Joelle? Stop it. No. I loved Ireland. I spent two weeks there. One of the weeks, I was in Donegal, which is a county in the northwestern part of the Republic, and I had noticed something. Everyone in Donegal has a washer and dryer, but nobody uses their dryer. Theyre like, That wont be necessary. Well just hang that out to dry. And I was kinda skeptical, but I was staying with friends, and they offered to do my laundry, so they took my clothes and they washed it, and they hung it out to dry, and I was kind of impressed cause after only three days… (audience laughs) my clothes were still wet. (audience laughs) ‘Cause what theyve yet to realize is it rains every day in Donegal. Its like living in a shower. But my friend, she was so proud of the line drying, she goes, Isnt that just better? Doesnt that smell glorious? Meanwhile Im holding a wet tee shirt. Yeah, this is great. I can just pretend I got off a log ride. Theres nothing better than waking up on a cold morning and putting on a wet Billy Joelle tee shirt. (audience laughs) (audience cheering, applauding) My kids were with me in Amsterdam. I brought my kids to the Anne Frank house. I told some friends that and they were like, Arent your kids a little young for the Anne Frank house? And you know what I learned? They are. Theyre too young. But I wanted to bring them, you know? Its an important place I want them to learn. So I brought them. We were standing outside the Anne Frank house, and I said, This is a special somber place. This is where Anne Frank, her family and some friends hid from the Nazis for two years, and they couldnt speak during the day, and Anne also wrote this diary. So lets be respectful. My six year old raises his hand and he goes, Do they have video games here? (audience laughs) And I said, Im gonna need you to be quiet, for the rest of your life. (audience laughs) I bought tickets online to the Anne Frank house. I Googled it. The Anne Frank house has a Google rating of 4.4 out of five stars. Whos giving the Anne Frank house a bad review? (audience laughs) Its like, Yeah, it wasnt that fun. It was kind of crowded, and there were no video games. (audience laughs) Why do we feel the need to review everything? Nobodys going to Anne Franks house looking for hot dogs. Well, I misread it. I thought it was Annes Frank house. I was gettin ready to have me an Amsterdam dog. (audience laughs) When I travel with my kids, we always try to do one educational thing a day. It usually involves going to a museum, and museums are great, theyre important, but theyre also exhausting, right? Acting like youre interested in that crap. (audience laughs) Theres so much pressure to be impressed in a museum. Its like Ooh, look at that kids. Wow, thats a, well thats a water fountain. What do we got over here? And Ive been to all kinds of museums. Ive been to childrens museums, which are really just museums of diseases your kids can get from other peoples kids. Its like, Why dont you go over there and see if we get the chicken pox. In Stockholm, I brought my kids to a ship museum, the Vasa Museum. It was a ship museum, but it only had one ship, so it felt more like a ship garage. But that one ship, the Vasa ship, sunk on its maiden voyage in Stockholms harbor in the 1700s, which is not good, but thats the largest attraction in Sweden. Most countries, their big attraction is a design marvel like the Sydney Opera House or the Eiffel Tower, but Sweden was like, Heres our boat that didnt float. (audience laughs) This is why we make furniture. (audience laughs) That, ironically, floats. (audience laughs) Often the museums are art museums. Those are the most intimidating, right? ‘Cause in art museums, they tell us what is the good art. We have no say in the matter. Thats good art. Oh, okay. Ill take your word for it. They treat everyone like a child in an art museum. Theyre like, Dont touch anything. Nobody touch anything. I wasnt gonna. Now I kinda want to. (audience laughs) Everyones speaking in hushed tones. Be respectful. Were about to look at the work of a mad man. He painted this after he chopped off his own ear. Why are we whispering? Van Goghs dead. Even if he was alive, he couldnt hear us. (audience laughs) Recently after a show, someone came up to me. Theyre like you know, its not pronounced Van Gogh, its pronounced Billy Joelle. (audience laughs) (audience cheering, applauding) I do find it hard to leave art museums, mainly cause I cant find the exit. Great, another room filled with paintings of ugly Dutch people. In the 1600s they painted every ugly Dutch person. Hey, youre hard to look at. Can I do your portrait? (audience laughs) Makin that hay look good arent ya? (audience laughs) Fine art, sometimes I feel like its wasted on me. You know like the Mona Lisa? Weve all seen the Mona Lisa. The most beautiful smile in the world. The most beautiful smile. Im like, Have you seen Halle Berry? (audience laughs) Heck, have you seen Chuck Berry? (audience laughs) I dont even know if Mona Lisas smiling. To me it looks like shes, just came from the dentist. Shes like, Mmm. (audience laughs) Novocains wearin off. Art museums will occasionally ask if youd like to become a member. Would you like to become a member? Uh, how, how often would I have to come here? (audience laughs) I think I can only pretend to be interested once. Theres always people sketching in an art museum. I always point them out to security. Im like, Copying. Got a forgery happening mid forge. Those art museum security guards you know, theyre important. Some of that art is priceless. Some of its on loan. You see that next to a painting. On loan from a rich person. The poor people may look at my art. But dont let them get their peasant fingers on it. (audience laughs) Some of that art is priceless. Recently, a Da Vinci painting sold for $450 million. 400– What room do you put that in your house? I put that in the game room. It was a Da Vinci painting, Salvator Mundi. It was a painting of Jesus, but its not like Da Vinci even knew what Jesus looked like. He painted it 1500 years after Jesus walked the earth. So he was just guessing. Hes like, I dont know. Hes got brown eyes probably? I dont know. (audience laughs) He probably just painted someone he knew. You know back in the day theyre like, people are like, What, is that your nephew Eddie? Da Vincis like, No, thats Jesus. (audience laughs) The savior of the world. (audience laughs) Eddie is wearing the same outfit as him. Thats a coincidence. (audience laughs) So many paintings of Jesus right? But theres really two types of paintings of Jesus. Theres Jesus as an adult, or Jesus as a baby. Theres no teenage Jesus. Theres no acne Jesus, with the beginning of a mustache. (audience laughs) Jim, youre going to Hell for that. And you sound so dumb right now. That is my worst fear is to come across like an idiot, and you guys are like, You should be terrified then. (audience laughs) I mostly get nervous when Im talking to really smart people. You ever been talking to someone, and you hear yourself not make sense? But instead of stopping, you just keep talkin? You know what? Ill pull it together at the end. Oops, that might not have been a word. Thats usually the moment where I make eye contact with my wife. Shes like, What the hell are you doing? Im trying to make you look good. Heres how dumb I am. When someones criticized on social media for being stupid, I get nervous. Like, Oh, theyre comin for all us dummies. Probably gonna start with a spellin test or somethin. (Jim chuckles) The kids arent with me, but if were really quiet we can hear them screaming in New York City. (audience laughs) When I travel without my children, in between those moments of guilt, are just hours of happiness. (audience laughs) (audience cheering, applauding) I mean, I love my kids. I just love them more when Im not with them. (audience laughs) And when I travel without my kids, I do nothing. Im so productive when I travel with them. When theyre not here, I do nothing, and then Ill do nothing all day and then Ill call home and my saintly wife will just pick up the phone, and therell be chaos in the background. And shell be like, Whatd you do today? And Ill be like, Whatd I do? Well, I got up. Did that a couple times. (audience laughs) Enough about me. What about you? And shell put my kids on the phone. Theyll be like, Third grades hard, and Ill be like, It gets so much worse. School is hard you know? I try and be supportive in the morning. Ill be like, Look, I know you dont wanna go, but just remember, I never have to go to school again. Anyway, off you go. Im gonna nap. (audience laughs) I dont know. I wouldnt wanna be a kid. I like the age I am. I wouldnt wanna be a teenager. I wouldnt wanna be in my 20s. I like being 30 years old. (audience laughs) I try and schedule tours around school breaks, you know? Like at Christmas one year, I did a bunch of shows in Florida, and my wife and kids came down. My wifes family also came down cause they didnt want us to have a good time. (audience laughs) Im kidding. I love my wifes family. Did that sound believable? I do love them. Theyre my in-laws. Thats a strange term, in-laws. Are you related? Uh, legally. In a court of law. In-law, its like the opposite of being in love. Were in law. We law each other. Very much. In-laws are like family youre assigned. Its like, You wanna spend your life with that person? You gotta take those 10 people. All of them? My only issue with my in-laws is theres too many of them. My wife is one of nine children, so every holiday all nine of the siblings and their individual families all get together and spend every moment together. Over Christmas, I went to a movie with 30 people. I didnt even know that was legal. We were walkin around, people thought we were from a church. To put it in perspective Jesus only walked around with 12. (audience laughs) I learned very quickly I dont wanna do anything with 30 people. If I was on the Titanic and the last rescue boat was filled with 30 people, Id be like, You guys go ahead. I dont want to be there when you try and decide where to eat lunch. (audience laughs) Oh, but it was more than 30 people, cause sometimes those 30 people will invite other people. So youll have conversations and someone will be like, Im your wifes uncles best friend. Oh, theres a term for that. Stranger. (audience laughs) Youre a total stranger. (audience cheering, applauding) I do love my wifes parents. Their names are Louise and Dominic so I call them Louise and Dom. My wifes siblings, some of them have gotten married and their spouses, some of their spouses call Louise and Dom Mom and Dad cause theyre weirdos. No, I understand. Sometimes you marry into a family and become so close to the parents that you wanna call them Mom and Dad, but dont. (audience laughs) Its weird and confusing for the rest of us. Wait, thats his mom? He married his sister? (audience laughs) What state is he from? (audience laughs) This is, by the way this is all prosthetic. (audience laughs) After the show it comes off. I just air it out and its like, I feel so free when I get it off, you know what I mean? Its getting harder and harder to motivate to exercise. In your 20s, youre like, I wanna be with someone physically fit, so Ill be physically fit, and in your 30s, youre like, I wanna fight off aging, and in your 40s youre like, Its over. (audience laughs) And now Im at the point where I look at morbidly obese people and Im like, They seem happy. Thats one way to live a life. I used to exercise to lose weight. Now I exercise so I can continue to fit in cars. Its still a fitness goal. (audience laughs) Ive been in better shape in my life. I go in and out. Its been awhile. Not last year but the year before my big accomplishment is I ran the New York City Marathon. – (audience applauds) – Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Half of you are, like, No, you didnt. I did, you bastards, all right? I ran and completed. All right, fine, I didnt. (audience laughs) But I thought about it. Which I guess is technically different then running it. It turns out I couldnt run the New York City Marathon cause I didnt want to. Which is the main reason I dont do a lotta things. I just rarely admit it. Its like, Hey, Jim, why didnt you come to my birthday party? I didnt want to. We never really reply to invitations that way. Dont wanna go. Completely available, just not interested. (audience laughs) Really wish I wasnt there, so I wont be. (audience laughs) I know people who have run the New York City Marathon. They always bring it up. Theyre like, Yeah, I ran the New York City Marathon. I always ask, Did you win? No, but I finished. What place you come at? I dont know. Sounds like you came in last. Really what youre saying is you lost the New York City Marathon. If I were you I wouldnt bring that up. (audience laughs) But thats why some people run marathons so that they can say, I ran a marathon. Which to me is not a good enough reason. Heck, I can say I ran a marathon. In fact, earlier I did. It didnt feel good, it felt dishonest. I guess what Im trying to say is marathon runners are liars. All of them. Its too far. Its way too far. 26.2 miles, thats too far to run, jog or frankly drive. Lets be serious. But you know what? Im not a runner. Im not a runner. Half of you are like, We never thought you were. At this point were not sure if youre a walker. But running is huge right? There are stores just for runners. Theres magazines dedicated to running. Runners World, a magazine all about running, and if you thought running was boring, wait til you read about running. (audience laughs) At this point, is there any information we dont have on running? Oh, youre supposed to use your arms when you run. What? I think Ive been runnin backwards. No wonder I keep losin. (audience laughs) The runners high. Im sure thats not a myth. Let me get this right. Youre confusing exhaustion for high? Have you ever been high before? How can you confuse, I cant breathe with Joy? (audience laughs) The runners high. Has anyone ever used that as an excuse? Sorry I ate all the chips. Runners high. Hey, I ran a 10K in high school. I think Im still high. But theres running, and then theres running a marathon. You know you have to pay to run a marathon? What? For the New York City Marathon you have to pay $250 to run by yourself 26 miles. Thats some S&M stuff there. Thats like the subplot of a Law & Order: Special Victims Unit. You gotta pay that up front. Its not like theres a toll system. Like were on 13 mile. What is this a chip reader? You ever see the beginning of a marathon? All there runners line up in their voluntary prison number? (audience laughs) And then someone shoots a gun. Red flag. And the runners disperse like Godzillas approaching. Ah! Why is there a weapon involved in a foot race? Whatever happened to someone saying go? All right lets review how were gonna start the marathon. Well get all the lemmings lined up there and then without any warning, Cooter will shoot his .357. (audience laughs) In the air this time, Cooter. Then well just sit back, count the money and watch some of them soil themselves. (audience laughs) (audience cheering, applauding) You ever see the winner of a marathon? They do not look healthy. They look like they were forced to run a marathon. Like it was some negotiation as part of ransom. I finished, I finished! Now can I have my children? I ran 26 miles, I drank my own urine, Im wearing a tin foil blanket. Whats going on with my kids? Of course I respect people who run marathons. Heck, Im impressed by the people who pass out water at marathons. I always look at them, Im like, I couldnt do that. Probably gotta get up early, then you gotta find cups. Then theres passin out all that water. My arms just sore thinkin about it. At least those people are doing something at the marathon. You ever see the rest of the people watchin the marathon? Theyre like. (audience laughs) What is going on in your life, if youre watching strangers run a marathon? (audience laughs) I suppose some of them are there supporting friends. I wouldnt want that. I dont even want someone to see me in a hurry. That seems like a big request of a friend, right? Hey, can you watch me run 26 miles? Only take your entire Sunday. You can only watch someone run part of a marathon. Its not that big of a commitment. Its like, You can do it, you can do it! All right, Im goin to brunch. (audience laughs) But you could watch someone run a marathon. You cant go into a health club and watch someone on a treadmill. (audience laughs) Excuse me sir, what are you doin? Im supportin that lady. (audience laughs) Do you, uh, do you know her? Not yet, but I brought her this lock for the bridge. All right, that is all for me. Thank you very much. (audience cheering, applauding) This was so fun. Thank you for coming. Appreciate it. (audience applauding, cheering)

MICHELLE WOLF@JOKE SHOW@2019@It seems like… It seems like over the past couple of years, weve developed this amazing ability to get mad at anyone for any reason. Like, I saw otters in real life, which was very exciting for me. I love otters, big fan. So, I post about it on Instagram, cause thats how you prove that life happens. And then this woman responds to me. She was like, You know, I used to love otters too… …but then my husband told me that otters rape baby seals. I just thought you should know. Be better. Okay. Uh, couple things. Whats going on with your marriage? How is that where youre at conversationally? He wanted to ruin otters for you. He had to look up that fact. Its true, by the way. But he had to look that up. Thats not something theyre just giving away on Planet Earth. He had to do a deep dive. Much like that otter did into the seal. No, dont you start groaning already! But, also, she told me this cause she thought she knew me. Shes like, Im a fan of yours, and youre a comedian, which must mean youre a good person. So I know once you hear this fact about otters, you will change your tune. Youll be on the right side of history. You definitely wont use this in a bit. Otters rape baby seals. I thought you should know. You dont know me! Maybe thats why I like otters. Maybe I think seals have been getting away with too much for too long. Also, whatever you do, you gotta stop saying rape. These are animals. No animals are asking for consent. What kind of weird, fairy tale animal sex happens in your head? How do you think your Labradoodle was made? Aww! Did you think a Lab just fell in love with a poodle? That they saw each other from across a field and thought, Lets make hypoallergenic puppies? Some breeder was like, A happy accident, love wins. There are two ways youre getting a Labradoodle. Either some dog breeder jerked off a Lab, and then shoved that jizz into a poodle, or it was puppy rape. You can choose whichever one makes you feel better about life, but it was definitely one of those two. This wasnt Lady and the Tramp, this was two dogs, one cup. And for the otters, if you want to say rape, all right, how do you know? Did you talk to the seal? Did you get a statement? For all you know, the seal could have been up on a rock and been like, Hey, otter, want to make a new animal? And, yeah, an otter-seal hybrid? The cutest animal in the world? I will hold the seal down. And you only care cause seals are cute. If I was up here being like, Otters rape rats, youd be like, Good, bout time. You dont have to have a stance on everything. You can just like some things. Its okay. You can find bad information about everything out there. You can look it up on your phone that was made by a child. And you can find bad information about every single thing out there, but youll make yourself miserable. Youre too woke, go back to sleep a little. Its not like I was posting pictures of Kim Jong-un, being like, He seems like a fun guy. Which, if you only look at pictures of Kim Jong-un, he does seem like a fun guy. We cant wait to hate people. We cant wait to have them canceled, and because of that, we get mad before we get logical. Like, me liking otters could have very easily turned into, Michelle Wolf loves rape. And, sure, I have a fantasy, but I dont love that I have it. Social media has made every opinion valuable, especially if it causes a controversy. Like, right now its tweets and Instagram, but before that it was blogs, and before that it was manifestos. I personally love manifestos because you know when someone writes one of them, theyre fucking crazy. And thats all your tweets are. Your tweets are just teeny manifestos. And you know what blogs are, right? Blogs are a conversation no one wanted to have with you. Even when you were typing it, your computer was like, I hope I die, I hate this. We have such strong opinions, and we cant just let them be opinions, we have to fight over whos right and wrong. Im fighting with my friends. Like, I have a friend, shes really worried about immigrants coming in and taking our jobs, and Im like, Well, youre a stay-at-home mom. Balls sort of in your court on that one. Im much more worried about Americans taking immigrant jobs. I got a massage from a Midwestern white lady. Felt like a cat was walking on my back for an hour. And not like an angry or a hungry cat, just a happy cat. Trying to find a place to sleep. Then, a couple weeks later, I got a massage from a Korean man, and he pressed into my back with the pressure that he had left his whole family behind. Thats a great massage! You need a massage from someone whos been through something. You cant get a massage from a woman named Meredith, where the worst thing that ever happened to her is the one time she got bangs. Plus, you dont want a massage from someone who wants to give you a massage. You want a massage from someone who has to give you a massage. These are two very different people. Someone who wants– Someone who wants to touch your naked back for an hour? Thats a serial killer. Someone who has to give you a massage? Someone whos like, This fucking piece of shit… comes in here and says her neck is sore from sleeping wrong? I work 70 hours a day. I live three states away and I bike to work, and this piece of shit… And the whole time youre thinking, This is a great massage. Such strong opinions. This same friend, shes one of those people– She doesnt understand why some people cant afford health care. Uh, shes really rich and shes not a good person. It is though, its really hard for a lot of people to afford health care. Its particularly hard for women to get maternity care. And I do think part of the problem is that women, were still too cute about all the stuff that happens to our bodies. We gotta stop being cute. Like, when we have a baby, we say its a miracle. Stop it. These men hear miracle, and theyre like, Yeah, so why do you need health care? Its a miracle. First of all, having a baby is not a miracle. A miracle is going to bed with one foot and then waking up with two feet. Oh, its a miracle. I gotta go shoe shopping. Get some of those lefts. Having a baby is not a miracle, its a natural disaster. And we need to describe it like one so we get the health care that we deserve. Like, when Florida gets hit with a hurricane, they send help because they show you how bad it is. Theyre not like, And then Florida was kissed with wind by God. No, they send reporters, they show pictures, they get testimonials. Thats what we have to do after birth. Get a reporter in there, put em in one of those weird raincoats. Like, Im here in Marthas vagina, and things are bleak. Roads and bridges are out. Man cannot survive. Debris is everywhere. I have Marthas husband here, lets see what he has to say. I mean, you try to prepare, and, uh… Well, its just… my home is gone. Gotta stop being cute! Same thing with periods, too cute about those. Periods, thats not even the right name for it. All the names for periods suck. Period, time of the month, Aunt Flo. They all suck. You know what we should call a period? A period should be called: bloody tissue falling out of a hole. If you went into work… and you were like, Hey, I got bloody tissue falling out of a hole, theyd be like, Yeah, take the week. I know, I talk about periods a lot, and I know, men, I know theyre gross. Women know theyre gross. We– We get it. Theres never a time we wake up and were like, Oh, Im so excited to clean up a crime scene. It does make you wonder, though. Are there more women who murder? Weve just been so good at getting out blood. A skill we learned at age 11. Like, No one must know. Yeah, I clean out my vagina once a month, I think I can clean up a body twice a year. Periods are gross. I know theyre gross, but I talk about them a lot because I want men to be more comfortable. But then, I was thinking how women, how we would act if men were the ones who got periods. And you know what? I dont think we would be very nice. I think as soon as a man got his period, wed be like, Get in the shed, Kevin. Kevin, get in the shed. No, youre very leaky. And when youre in the house, youre only on the linoleum. Dont you– Dont you dare go in my living room. That is a new slip cover and youre very leaky. Youre just like your father. Of course, women, I also think wed have to participate a lot more in male periods. You know? But you know, women, we would have to be the ones to remind men to change their tampons. You know we would. Wed have to be like, When was the last time… you changed your tampon? Babe? Babe? Oh, it was, um… Oh… oh… three years ago. But I took it out, I flipped it around, and I put it back in, so… Oh, no, little buddy. I think thats probably what male tampons would be called: little buddies. And I do think theyd be more fun. I think men would have more fun with this. Like, all the strings would have little superheroes on the ends. One would just have, like, Spider-Man shooting up a web. Another ones got Batman. Its like, When Batmans face turns red, get him out of the cave. I probably just upset some men. They were like, I was on board with this whole male period thing, until you combined DC and Marvel. How are they supposed to be in the same box when theyre not even in the same universe? But the more I think about men having periods, the more it feels like it fits society better. Like, you know how women, how, like, when we get our period, we get, like, a little bit emotional? Just a little. You probably dont even notice. And if you dare say anything about it, we get really angry. You know, youll be like, Is it– Youre hiding behind a couch. Is this– is this cause of your period? And well be, like, No! I mean, a little, but no. These feelings are… justified! I think that time would be very different if men got periods. I think wed really look forward to it. Wed be like, Are you about to get emotional? Yeah, lets do this. Uh, whered we leave off? Your dad, kindergarten, go. Wed cancel plans all the time. Wed be like, Im so sorry, I cant go to book club, my husbands about to get his period, and were gonna cry together. And, like, when we first get our periods, a lot of us are in school, and were really quiet about it. You know, well whisper, well be like… Hey, does anyone have, like, a tampon, or, um, a sock, or… or, like, a really big Band-Aid? Like, even when you get home, your mom will come talk to you about it, but shes still quiet. You know, shes like… So you got your period? Do you have any questions? Yeah, do we still have to whisper here? Yeah, the cats in the house. I think, uh, men would be quite loud about their periods. I think, first of all, regardless if it were true or not, every man would want you to know that he has a very heavy flow. I have a heavy flow and an important job! You can ask anyone in college. They called me The Flowmeister. I think dads– Dads would be so excited when their son got his period. You know, hed be like, My boy is a man. Come out here, son. The son comes out of the bathroom, theres blood on his legs, hes like… Yeah! Takes it, wipes it under his eyes. Rambo: First Blood! The dads like, Son, I dont want to get too emotional about this because we both do have our periods… Ive already synced up with my boy. I dont want to get too emotional about this, but I did want to give you something. Its a Captain America tampon. It was my fathers. Just remember to flip it around before you… Gross, gross, disgusting. I was thinking about it. Like, could you even– Could you even put a tampon back in after you took it out? You know, itd be, like, all squishy. Ugh. Gross, I know. I think wed be able to figure it out, though, you know? We seem to be able to do it with your semi-hard penises. Yeah, we didnt have to go there, but here we are. Just really turned down that street and now we live here. Its gross. The stuff that happens to women is gross. Periods, gross. Birth? Thats– Thats one of the reasons Im not sure I want to have kids. Birth seems terrible. And I dont care how many times you try to trick me with those adorable pictures of your new baby up against your chest. I know underneath that sheet is a car accident. Like, if an insurance guy came by, hed be like, No, its totaled. The best we can do here is a rental. All of a sudden, the husband perks up. Hes like, Well, what kind of rental are we talking about? Like, a mid-sized Japanese? Birth is gross, but its crazy, cause, like, humans are the only animals that seem to have that much trouble giving birth. You ever watch other animals give birth? You can find it online. Its not porn. Unless you want it to be. Anythings porn if you masturbate to it. Just take that one home with you. I would give birth– I would give birth if we could give birth like giraffes. First of all, theres a lady giraffe, she doesnt even look pregnant, she looks great. She has, like, a summer body. Spots are in, she looks amazing. And then, all of a sudden, out of what I can only assume is her gaping vagina, a baby giraffe just falls six feet to the ground. The bitch doesnt even bend her knees! Shes just like, Lifes hard, learn it now! Theres a crumpled, gooey giraffe at her feet. She doesnt make a face, she doesnt make a sound, she just walks away, and shes like, Are you coming? Were late. Fix your wobbly legs or youre gonna die. Seems like a good mom. I dont know– I dont know if I want to have a baby, because I dont think Id be that responsible. Like, I would want to breastfeed, but only because I want to use breast milk the way a clown uses a flower with water in it. Like, always going up to people, like, Hey, how are you? Pew, pew! Id try to get a job as a tollbooth operator. Like, Sorry, E-ZPass is down, but keep the change. I dont know if I should have a baby because I dont think childhood should be fun. I think childhood should be miserable so the rest of your life feels pretty okay. Like, think about it. We were all kids. We were kids and we believed in magic. And then a bunch of shit happened, and now were like, When can we drink? It, like, makes me jealous of those kids that are born in a basement to a kidnapped mom, because… Im gonna justify, you guys gotta trust me. …because theres no way the second half of that kids life isnt better. He escapes, hes like, Yeah, Im an accountant, I have a window. This is amazing. I know what day it is. And, like, of the week, not 8,942. By the way, do you think those guys that have those basement prison families… What? I think about em a lot. I think– I think Im like most women. I think about what I would do if I ever got kidnapped. But this is how competitive I am. I dont think about how I would escape, I think about how I become the upstairs lady. Like, I try to tell jokes, I always put the lotion in the basket. And then one day hes like, Claire! Thats not my name, its the name he gave me. Claire, to the living room. And Im like… Yeah! I high-five all the other women on the way up. You know, but theyre in cages, so I only get their fingertips. They think Im gonna save them, but Im loyal. Anyway, Ive thought about it… a tiny bit. But those guys that have those basement prison families, do you think they build the basement prison first? Like, do you think theyre part of the if you build it community? Or do you think they kidnap a lady, and then theyre like, I am so sorry, Im not prepared? Honestly, I cant believe you got in the van. That was crazy, I wouldnt have done that. Im gonna have to run to Home Depot. Dont go anywhere. Just kidding, you cant, youre chained to a radiator. Yeah, that… That joke got dark. I think the whole point of that joke is, check your neighbors basement. Once a year, randomly, especially if hes a nice guy. ‘Cause we all watch those murder documentaries. We all watch them, right before bed, for some reason. And they interview the neighbors, and the neighbors always say the same thing. The neighbors are always like, Well, you know, I just cant believe it. Im shocked. Well, he was always such a nice guy. Yeah, of course hes nice. Hes doing the thing he loves. Not a lot of people get to follow their passions. If youre ever talking to your neighbor and youre like, Hows it going? and hes like, Every day is better than the last, check his basement! Anyway, Im not sure if I should have a baby. I do know I can have a baby, I can get pregnant. This is gonna be an abortion joke, put on your hats. A lot of people dont think you should talk about your own abortion. I think its rude to talk about someone elses. Plus, Id rather talk about my abortion than hear about your gluten allergy. Anytime Im at dinner with someone when theyre like, I cant have the rolls cause of the gluten, Im like, So I walked into the office… And thats just the part about how I got pregnant. I like to start stories from the beginning. And a lot of people think that even if youre allowed to get abortions, it should only be for a very few specific reasons. Well, I think you should be able to get an abortion for any reason you want. -Yeah. Like, you dont want a baby. Its not the right time for you. Its not the right guy. Youre a redhead and hes a redhead and youre worried the babys gonna be translucent. And supporters, people even that support abortion, you know, theyre like, But it is a big deal, you shouldnt be cavalier about it, it is a big deal. You know, you should take your time making the decision. I mean, not too much time, but you should take your time. It can be any deal you want it to be. Its your abortion, its your deal. If its a big deal for you, its a big deal. If its not, its not. Both are correct. -Yeah. My abortion, not a big deal for me. I left work, I got an abortion, I drank half a LaCroix, and then I went back to work. Not a big deal. And I also think, a pretty good advertisement for LaCroix. LaCroix, get right back to work after your abortion. Now in Totally Gone Tangerine. And we dont talk about abortion in a real way. We talk about it in a very legislative way, but not in a real way. So, I think a lot of women have a lot of apprehension surrounding it. You know, we talk about it so negatively that you feel like you should have this sense of shame after you get an abortion. Well, you can feel any way you want after you get an abortion. Get one, see how you feel. You know how my abortion made me feel? Very powerful. You know how people say you cant play God? I walked out of there being like, Move over Morgan Freeman, I am God! And then I crossed the street very carefully. That was the perfect time for God to be like, Youre not God, bitch, heres a bus. And a lot of people think, even if you support abortion, youre a monster. Well, you know why I had to get an abortion? Why I had to get one? ‘Cause Im a very nice person. I did one of the nicest things you can do. I said, Sure! You can cum inside of me! That is one of the nicest things you can do! Every man in here should be applauding me! Im a good example. And, yes, that is how I talk during sex. Sure, you can cum inside of me! Man, this is fun. Jeez Louise. And guys are like, With a voice like that, definitely get an abortion. Im like, With a voice like this, I cant believe you came. Careful around fire trucks. Oh, you think this gets any less shrill when things are being poked inside of me? No, it does not! That one hurt my ears a little. Im– Clearly, Im a feminist, or at least I try to be a good feminist, but I found out recently that Im not feminist enough for some feminists, which is so like them. You know, not the easiest group to please. And you know how sometimes its annoying to talk to some men about feminism, cause, theyre like, Yeah, I dont like feminists, they want all men to die. And Im like, Thats not what we want. And then I ran into these feminists that were like, That is what we want. Okay, this seems unsustainable. You know, just biologically. But also, what a stereotypical female thing to do. Women want other women to be perfect. And its crazy because I know you can settle. Ive seen your husbands. Its why I worry that women will never get ahead. Were more than half the population. We could take over, but were our own worst enemy. Were never good enough for one another, were always tearing each other down. Like, you can see, as soon as women started to organize, you could see some men get nervous. They were mostly younger men. They were like, Women, theyre organizing. But older men knew. Older men were like, Yeah, dont worry, its gonna fall apart. No, believe me, my wifes been in nine book clubs. Were not even allowed to drive down a street of a lady she doesnt like. Okay, that one might be because I fucked that lady, thats maybe… But she did forgive me and not her, so… Oh, too close to home? I try to be a good feminist. I get mad, though. I get mad at some of the stuff were fighting for, because were, um, wrong. One of the things that makes me really angry is when I hear other women say, Well, women are just as physically strong as men. Oh, no… were not. Man are stronger and faster than us. Thats just how it is, its biological. Im not happy about it either. But Im not gonna argue it cause Im not an idiot. Theres probably some women in here right now that are, like, No. Serena! No, shes not as good as the men. And before you get angry, Im not saying shes not amazing. She could beat you, the man who gets tired during missionary. But the best women in the world at tennis are not as good as the best men. Thats why they put the women together in general. Its not cause theyre hoping theyll scissor at the end. That also, for the record, is not why they put the men together either. There is– Theres no scissoring in tennis, and, boy, did I make a fool of myself. It just– Its so frustrating for women to fight that were just as strong as men. First of all, because its not true. But, also, it has nothing to do with equality. The reason we havent had a female president isnt because she couldnt do enough push-ups. I dont know if youve noticed, but a lot of our presidents have been very weak. FDR wasnt sitting with a blanket across his legs cause he was warming em up for squat thrusts. One of our presidents got stuck in a bathtub. Taft got stuck in a bathtub. How do we not talk about that every single day? How is there not a store called Tafts Baths, too big to get stuck in. Equality is not about making men and women the same, its about valuing one another and making sure were all getting opportunities. Like, women, I think were very comfortable saying were better at some stuff than men are. And if were gonna say that, we have to let men say theyre better at some stuff than we are. We cant steal it all. Were not men. Like, let– Let men have stronger, thats fine. Were better at other things. Like, women, were better at being people. And this… this is how dumb men are. Men could learn to do the thing were good at. We are never gonna be as strong as them, but men could learn how to say, Are you okay? Women, we should just admit this has never been about equality. You dont want to be equal, you want to be better than men! Admit it! You want to do to men what men did to us. You want to rule the world. You want to line the streets with tampons and fill the fountains with Chardonnay. You want to repeat what a man said in the meeting and have a boss go, Good idea, Cheryl. You want to hold power in your hands, and thatll never happen because men will knock it away with their strong, strong arms. Just settle for equality, and maybe a place to breastfeed that isnt a closet. ‘Cause we are. Were getting really– Were getting really mad at men these days. Were blaming a lot on men. Especially white men. Were really going after you guys pretty hard. And Im not saying you dont deserve it. You have been sneaky little devils. Tricksters, even. But I do think white women, its our turn to admit that we are also part of the problem. I know, its really uncomfortable. White women are like, I did not come here for this. Others are like, Me? No, you cant blame me! I didnt do anything! Yes. Exactly. We just sat there the whole time being like, I mean, I guess. I dont know. Plus, some of the stuff white men did, I cant even believe was their idea. Like, some of the stuff was too clever. Like, when we gave Native Americans blankets with smallpox, that was definitely a womans idea. That has mean girl written all over it. A man would have just been, like, Well stab em and throw em in a river. And then, a woman was like, No, no. Lets give em blankets. ‘Cause then theyll think were friends, and well be like, ‘Bye! And the white women of my generation, we have completely abandoned white men. We blame everything on you. Even though you pay our rent, we blame everything on you. Were like, They did it! It was them! We couldnt, our arms. We are the exact opposite of ride-or-die. We are ride-and-flee-immediately. Were all Rose from the Titanic. We grabbed a door and we shoved a white man into the sea. Like, I am literally freezing. I should say, I do like to do all my historical women as millennials. Like, its just more fun to do history that way. Like, all the women on the Titanic would have been like, Its so annoying the boat sunk. Like, how do you not see an iceberg? That– That had to be the main discussion on all of the lifeboats, right? It was just a bunch of women being like, So, he just didnt see it? Isnt that, like, literally his whole job? This is the most random ocean. Im starving. And, like, were living in a time right now where, like, a lot of people are confronting their oppression, and white women are really trying to be a part of that. We love being parts of stuff. We just want to be invited. You know, maybe do a little light decorating. Perhaps take it over completely. And Im not saying white women werent oppressed. You know, for the longest time we couldnt vote or have bank accounts, but for the most part, we had nicer houses. So it was a very different oppression. It was a very air-conditioned oppression. You know, we were the only ones in four-poster mahogany beds being like, Sometimes things arent fair for me. Thats where, men, you were very smart. This was a genius move. You kept us comfortable. That was very smart. Its almost impossible to start a revolution from under a duvet. And then when we did start fighting for equality, we didnt even do that right. We were like, We want jobs! And then black women were like, We have those! In your house! Were working for you right now! Your son calls me ‘Mom often! Then we were like, This is really confusing. Plus, the babys crying. Can you go do that? Yucky. Thats the thing, white women, were the most privileged victim. Were a privileged victim. Weve seen privilege because were white, but weve seen disadvantage because were women. You know, we havent had it the best, but we have certainly not had it the worst. And I dont really know where that leaves us. You know, you want to go with white men? All right, thats fine, but youre always gonna be under them. You want to go with women? All right, thats fine, but you gotta advocate for black women and black men, and youre probably always gonna be under them. I think the fact is that white women, I dont think were ever gonna have it the best. I dont think were ever gonna find greatness or glory, but maybe we can be the supporters. We can help other people get there. You know, we can sacrifice ourselves so that other people have it better. And maybe in that sacrifice, we can find some sort of satisfaction. And that… is how you play the victim! I almost had some of you, I could feel it. There was white women who were like, I will martyr, I will be a martyr. Black women were like, No, this is a sneaky bitch. Women, were complicated, were complex. I think the more we actually lean into that, the better things will get for us. Yeah, sometimes we make decisions with feelings and emotions. I dont think thats bad. I think men, its crazy that you dont, you serial killers. Like, women, were complicated, were emotional. And I think the reason were that way is cause women, I actually think were a higher evolved species of human than men. -Like… You know how they say God made men first? I do believe that. I believe that God made men and then he goes, Oh, good try, but… I think I can do better. And then he made women, and he was like, Oh, no, thats a little much. Ive really over-corrected. Its too many shapes. Thats gonna be hard to clean. I do, I think women, I think were a higher evolved species of human than men, and I dont think we recognize that. I dont think we recognize that men are just dumb idiots and we have to remind them of things. And for every woman out there thats like, Well, thats not fair, yeah, lifes not fucking fair, you princess! For every woman whos like, Well, men should just know. No, thats the bliss of being an idiot. You dont know youre an idiot. For every man whos like, Im not an idiot. Shut up, Im trying to help you, you stupid idiot! You know when I realized men were first idiots? You ever watch a man fall asleep? Men will lay their head back and fall asleep immediately, like there wasnt a thought in there to begin with. Just like… And then, this is how deep the idiot goes. Men are the ones most likely to get sleep apnea. Your own body forgets to breathe! Your own bodys like, Whoa, sorry, man. I almost lost us there. You know what could really help, if we wore a Darth Vader mask the rest of our lives. I mean, one of the best examples of this was when– Remember when we were getting really mad at men for man-spreading? You know, when they were spreading their legs too far in a subway or a train, and we were like, Its the patriarchy! No, I promise you, hes just a dumb idiot… who was like, My balls are hot. Im gonna have to figure this one out. Okay, nailed it. God, Im so good at problems. I should be in charge of everything. I guarantee you, it never even occurred to him that there are other people on the train. And, yeah, its not fair, but its your job as the higher evolved species to be like, Hey, idiot, close your legs, I need room for my bag. And I guarantee you, 95% of the time theyll be like, I am so sorry, I didnt see you there, your boobs are small. And I remember when this was happening, some women were like, I dont feel comfortable telling a man to close his legs. And why is that? Is it because men are a lot stronger than us and they could really hurt you? I promise thats the last time Ill make this point. But, also, if you cant tell a man to close his legs, you cant be in power. Power is not given, power is taken. And Im pretty sure I wrote that, or I stole it from Game of Thrones. And, yeah, its not ideal. In an ideal world we wouldnt have to do this, but in an ideal world you wouldnt have to put a sign outside a pool that says, Dont poop here. Every single one of those dumb warnings are for men, every single one! They did not put up that sign because a lady pooped in the pool. All those warnings, on medicine, when it says, Dont take this if youre allergic to it, you fucking idiot. Thats for men! Thats why theres a man in the crosswalk, so you can go, Oh, yeah, its walking time. On car commercials, when it says, This is a professional driver on a closed course, thats for men! Theres no woman sitting at home being like, I gotta buy a Chevy and find a cliff! So… God made men, and he was like, I can do better. And then he made women and he was like, Thats a little much. And then he made gay men and he was like, Yeah, thats the right one. That works way better together. Ill make lesbians while Im at it, Ill give them my carpentry skills. I love lesbians. I think lesbians are the future. I dont think they know whats gonna happen, but I think theyre always prepared for several scenarios. But my favorite fact about lesbians is that for the longest time, no one believed they actually existed. Like, men couldnt wrap their heads around lesbians, cause it didnt involve a penis. Thats how important they think their penis is. They were like, A puzzle piece is missing. Like, gay men, they understood. They didnt like it, but they were like, Theres these crazy guys, they like a penis in the butt, and I dont think about it all the time. But gay men, they could wrap their heads around that. Lesbians, they were baffled. They were like, No, its two ins, its not structurally sound. Believe me, Im an engineer. Are there gay men here? That sounds about right. I learned this about myself recently: I hate gay men. Not cause of anything you do sexually, very onboard with that, quite impressed. I have tried it once, and not for me. But way to power through. I hate gay men cause theyre better at being women than I am. Like, I thought I liked dick, and then I heard a gay guy talk about it, and I was like, Oh, no, I think its just okay. Gay guys talk about dick the way men wished women talked about dick. Straight men, if you want someone to love your dick, be gay! Gay guys talk about dick the way kids talk about Christmas. Theyre like, Is it here yet? Can I open it? Women, we talk about dick the way Jews talk about Christmas. Were like, The music is nice, but I dont think it needs to start in October. Also, holidays over, lets wrap it up, its wintertime. I do think this is the crux of a lot of our problems. I think men– I think you think your penis is more important to us than it is. Its important to you, and it should be, its yours, but we do not care about it… as much as you do. I think we also dont care about big dicks as much as men do. Men talk about big dicks a lot. It really… It seems to be on your minds. Youre always saying stuff like, She needs a big dick! You… you should ask us. Were all different. I have a short torso. This is a finite amount of space. I think we should start thinking about penises and vaginas as a foot-in-a-shoe situation. You ever try to jam your foot into a shoe thats two sizes too small? Imagine if the shoe had feelings. And you cared. We should all know our size. At the end of a night at a bar a guy should be like, Im an eight, and youd be like, Well, Im a four so, no. Or a guyd be like, Im a two, youd be like, You should lie about that. Or show me a picture of your apartment. A two with a good apartment is a six, thats just math. And we should talk about dicks in sizes, sizes that we all know and understand. We have to stop talking about dicks in inches, because I dont know how much an inch is. You know how I know a penis is too big? I see it and I go, Oh, no. No, you think Im a different person. You think Im old Long Vagina. She needs a big dick! All right, what do you think I want out of sex, a hole in my back? To become a dolphin? Which, vocally, does make sense. And, look, Ive had sex with guys with big dicks. Sometimes Ill sort of move away, theyll be like, Where are you going? And Im like, To safety. You know, in boxing, if you punch someone in the liver, its illegal. And yet, men still say, She needs a big dick! No, she needs you to text her back. And Im sure– Im sure theres some women in here whose preference is a big dick, and thats fine, to each their own. Me personally, more of a strong medium. Small is still not on the table. Smalls– If you have a small penis, you should kill yourself. Its an honor killing! Its good! I feel like this is what Goldilocks was originally about. And then they were like, No, were not gonna be able to read this to children. Even in Germany? Yeah. All right, ‘porridge, but you get it. And I know, I know I just said a very mean thing. I said men with small penises should kill themselves, and thats a really mean thing to say. Its also a very funny thing to say, cause no man with a small penis can ever get mad at me for that without immediately revealing himself. And its crazy because we really only talk about big penises and little penises. We dont talk about what I think is the worst penis out there, the skinny penis, the wisp of wind, the ghost. I blame part of this on us women. I dont think we talk about it cause were worried men are gonna be like, I dont have a skinny penis! You just have a giant vagina! No, dude, you got a skinny penis. Looks like a witchs finger. Are you trying to have sex with me or cast a spell? Wand down, Harry Potter. But there is one important question I dont think were asking ourselves right now, and I think this is really important to address in the time that were in as a society. And that is… do you think moms want to know how their sons penis turned out? I know, bit of a left turn. In the joke, hopefully not the penis. I just think she had a lot to do with that, and then she never got to see what grade she got. Think about it, she grew the penis for a while, and then she had the baby, and for several years made sure the penis was safe and clean, and then this poor woman sent that penis out into the world, and she never got to see how the movie ended. I think, men, I think you should show your mom your penis. I think youre out there showing your penis to people who dont want to see it, show it to the one person… who really wants to see it. Your mommy! Go ahead, pull out your phones right now! I know yall got a dick pic on there! Send that sweet, sweet dick pic to your mommy! And shell be like, Oh! Theres my little guy. I have been getting called vulgar a lot lately. Like, when I did the White House Correspondents Dinner, right– Its fine, it was a job, it didnt pay well. Then afterward all these people were like, You ruined the dinner, and I was like, I ruin every dinner. Did you do no research? But right before I went up to give my speech, and this is a 100% true story, the guy who was sitting on my right, he was a reporter from Dallas, he leaned over and he goes, I watched your HBO special before this cause I wanted to see what kind of comedy you do. And I was like, Oh, glad somebody did. And he goes, I have to admit, I think youre pretty vulgar, and I was like, Oh, if you think Im vulgar, you should hear male comics. ‘Cause I know all the stuff I talk about, periods, pussies, dicks… Theres other stuff, but we hit those pretty hard. And as soon as I talk about that, a lot of people, especially a lot of other women, are like, Shes vulgar! Shes nasty! Not a lady! But men talk about almost all the same stuff. I mean, maybe not otter rape, but almost all the same stuff. And as soon as men do it, people are like, Yeah, but theyre men. Men are gross. Which is crazy cause women are so much grosser than men! Were disgusting! This is why we gotta stop being cute! Every hot woman you know shits furiously! And thats not the worst of it. Do you know how much stuff falls out of my vagina every month? Im not talking about during my period, Im talking the other weeks. The gloops and the globs. Which is also the name of the childrens book Im working on. Gloop! Gloop! Glob! Glob! Like, sometimes I look down at my underwear and Im like, That cant be right. So, then I google it and Im like, No, thats definitely in the spectrum. It makes me– It makes me feel so bad for women before Google, you know, where you just had to, like, go up to a neighbor and be like, Hey, you ever get, like, an off-white– You know what? No, never mind. No, I just– Id rather die than have this conversation. And, like, men try to be gross. Like, its almost adorable. You know, theyll say things like, Oh, skid marks! Yeah, okay. Sometimes I look down at my underwear and Im like, Did I put toothpaste down there? Three years ago? Oh, and also skid marks. I got a butt, too! So, yeah, if you want to call me vulgar, go ahead, Im a vulgar, disgusting bitch! And I am– I am happy to admit that now, but I gotta be honest, it took me a little bit to get there. You know, I didnt want to be called vulgar at first. No, I think what I needed, I needed to see an example of someone else. You know, like, I need to see someone else be vulgar thats not supposed to be to know it was really okay. I guess what Im trying to say is, I learned it from the President. And I hope all your daughters do too, you fucking pussies! Good night! ? Were all stars now ? ? In the dope show ? ? Were all stars now… ?

TIFFANY HADDISH@BLACK MITZAH@2019@[roaring cheers] [Haddish] People think they know everything about me. Well, heres something they probably dont know. [gong] [affirming yells] -[audience whoos] -[low cymbal roll] [clapping] -[Haddish] ? Hava nagila ? -[audience roars] ? Hava nagila ? ? Hava nagila Venis mecha ? ? Hava nagila Hava nagila ? ? Hava nagila Venis mecha ? [audience whoos, claps] – [Hava Nagila by Tiffany Haddish plays] -? Hava neranena ? -? Hava neranena ? – [continued cheering] ? Hava neranena Venis mecha ? -? Tonight, tonight ? – [audience clapping to beat] ? Lets party ? ? Lets party, lets party, tonight ? [clapping to beat] -? They call me Tiffany ? -[whoos] ? And Im here to say ? ? Im gonna make you laugh Real hard baby ? ? When I do my thing, on the microphone ? ? Aint none of yall going home alone ? ? You gonna leave with thoughts You gonna leave with this ? ? You might leave with a little pee on you, miss ? – [laughing] -? Im here to teach, so listen up ? ? Sometimes Im good, sometimes I suck ? ? Imma tell you about what happened in Miami ? Also gonna talk my granny and the Grammys ? ? How you let the boys Play in there is crazy ? ? Assure their hands are clean Dont wanna foamy fanny ? ? Short play all the way up in my punani ? ? Parasites all up and listen, yes ? ? Im a little bit of a scientist ? ? Im an energy producer and Im comin with it ? ? Sing Ready, babe, Black Mitzvah, bitch ? – [loud cheering] -? Yeah ? ? Its the Black Mitzvah ? ? She ready ? ? Black Mitzvah ? ? Yeah, its the Black Mitzvah ? ? She ready ? ? Black Mitzvah ? -[clapping to the beat] – ? Black Mitzvah, bitch ? -[whoos] -Master talk. [cheering, clapping] [whooping, screaming] [woman whoos] [cheering continues] Thats right. Thats right. [whooping] Im Jewish. Mm-hmm. Everybody dont know that about me. Im Jewish and I hope that you are all here ready to celebrate tonight. Tonight is a celebration! [whoos of agreement] [clapping] ‘Cuz I have finally come into my full grown womanhood. Im a grown-ass woman. -[woman] Yeah! -[cheering] Okay, I have survived the foster care system. -[quick whoos] -I have survived homelessness. [clapping] I even survived the Swamp Tour with the Fresh Prince while I was high as fuck. [whooping, laughing] So why not celebrate, huh? Heres the thing. My father is from Eritrea. I dont know if you ever heard of this place. -Its on the east side of Africa, -[cheers] one of the most beautiful places. Its the real Wakanda, baby. [rounds of whoos] There was a war there for 30 years. And my father was from there. Hes an Eritrean Jew. And he came here to America, met my mom at a gas station, and booyah! [roaring laughter] [clapping, whooing] So tonight, welcome… to my black mitzvah baby! [euphoric screams] -[clapping] -[man whoos] [loud cheering] Its where Im from. I grew up right here in South Central Los Angeles. [whoos] Do you know how difficult it is to be black and Jewish in the hood? [audience laughs] I knew how to count but I couldnt read that good. [laughing, whooping] [rounds of clapping, laughing] Yall can sit down now if yall want to. [laughs, whoos] And on that road, on that long road to womanhood, you know, I grew up in South Central -Los Angeles and its a lot of lessons. -[whoos of agreement] A lot of lessons that I had to learn the hard way because I really didnt have no one particular person to raise me. The world raised me. And Ive learned a lot of things. Im here tonight to share with you. Its my mitzvah. Im here to teach. [whooing] [clapping] And one thing that Ive learned is that [clicks tongue, clears throat] it was really hard for me to breathe after that little dance routine. [audience laughs] That little song and dance– ‘cuz I… -[whoos] -‘Cuz see, what had happened was, uh, [uproarious laughter] I have stopped smoking cigarettes like 10 months ago, right? -[round of whoos] -And…yeah. [cheering, clapping] Thank you. I stopped smoking cigarettes and I started to… eat. [chuckles] [audience laughs] And my heritage started to kick in. -[chuckling] -You know how most people, they get houses, cars, things like that. Well, you know, [puffs in mic, laughs] my inheritance was that DNA. I inherited this ass. [cheering, clapping] And I aint gonna lie to you. -I like my inheritance a lot! -[audience screams with laughter] Oh, I love my ass. [whooping] [clapping] But I knew that if things are getting a little out of control when I would walk around the house with no panties on and I would hear round of applause. I would hear clapping. [audience laughs] I was like, who is clapping in here? Who is– who is clapping over here? It was my ass. -It was my ass. -[whooping] [rounds of laughing, clapping] -[inhales, steadily exhales] -[continued laughing] You know, whats crazy is Ms. Tina, Ms. Tina Knowles-Lawson, Beyoncé mama. She had invited me– I got invited to her birthday party, right? But she didnt invite me, somebody else had. They didnt know I was gonna be there. So what happened was– [whooing, laughing] [clapping] I was at the birthday party, right? And Beyoncé had came in. And her suit was banging. And I was like, Oh my God, this suit is amazing! She said the suit was from Christian Siriano. I was like, Christian Siriano made that suit? Oh, I know Christian Siriano. -Imma ask him to make me a suit too. -[audience chuckles] Shes like, Okay. So then… [audience howls] When he sent me the suit, right? He gave it to me fresh off the runway, right? I couldnt even pull it up on my thighs or nothing. It didnt fit. So I was like kind of devastated. So then I thought to myself, Let me call Beyoncé mama. Just take a shot in the dark to see if she let me borrow that suit, right? So I called Beyoncé mama. I said, Hey, Ms. Tina, how you doing? [audience laughs] You know that suit that Beyoncé was wearing that night at the party, do you think that Beyoncé will let me borrow it? She was like, You know whats crazy? She was talking about gifting that to you. But I dont know if you going to be able to fit it. You know, Beyoncé had three kids and you didnt have none. -I was like… -[roaring whoos] -Well… -[rounds of clapping] Well see, you know. [audience cackling] Well see, I– [blows lips] Girl, I got a needle and thread. Dont worry about that. [laughter] So then, she called Beyoncé. The next day, the suit is at my house. The suit is like at my front door. I was like, Oh my God. -Beyoncé is the most dopest person -[uproarious cheering] -in the whole wide world! -[whistling in agreement] Beyoncé is the epitome of women supporting other women. Thats girl power to the fullest, like, she supporting other women. Thats what I love about her, right? And then, I had put the suit on. And it fit me perfectly! It was a little loose in the titties ‘cuz I dont have none. -[audience laughing] -But it fit me perfectly, right? It fit me perfectly. So then, I called Beyoncé mama, said, Hey, Ms. Tina. It fit perfect. The suit fit perfect. She was like, It do? I said, Yeah, it was a little loose on the breast area but everything else fits perfectly. And she was like, For real? I was like, Yeah. She was like, Wow, Im shocked. -[audience laughs] -I was like, Shots fired, Ms. Tina! -[audience laughing] -[Haddish chuckles] So my homegirls like, We should go to the gym. Lets go to the gym. Like, your body used to be banging. You was a track star. Used to run cross-country, used to do all these things. Get that body back. Get back in the gym, Tiffany. Get back in the gym. I said, I became a comedian so that I could get fat if I felt like it bitch. [roars of laughter] Stupid! [continued laughing] And yes, Im drinking out of a plastic straw. -[audience chuckles] -‘Cuz Im a motherfucking rebel. [laughing, clapping] I know its illegal. [rounds of howling laughter] I can smoke some weed up here and thats totally legal. But drinking out of the straw… [laughing, whooing] So bad. [continued laughing] [giggles] You looking like you want -to call the police on a bitch. -[audience whoos, laughs] But real shit, my friends were like, Tiffany, you got to go to the gym. Come with us to the gym. Lets go work out. Come on. Lets go out. Lets go to the gym. Lets work out. Fuck the gym! [audience roars with laughter] Gotta get your cardio. Gotta get your cardio in. Fine. Ill get my cardio in. Ill skip. [laughter] Imma skip around the block two times -[audience laughing] -with my bonnet on. Imma tell you right now, you can– I still stay in South Central Los Angeles. I can skip around my block no matter what time of day or night. Aint nobody finna fuck with no bitch that skip. [laughing, clapping] -[whoos] -[continued clapping] If ever you feel like danger is around. Bitch start skipping. [howling laughter] Aint no body bout to fuck with a bitch that skip! [whooping] I mean, either she fucking happy or she crazy! [audience laughs] If ever youre driving down Crenshaw and you see a chick with a bonnet on, [hollering] -cellphone in hand, and a full-blown skip, -[audience clapping] -[cackling] -thats me. [audience roars with laughter] [clapping, hollering] ? Do you know the muffin man… ? [Haddish laughs] [laughing, clapping] Full-blown skipper. [guffaws] Im here to teach. -[cackling] -And becoming a woman, Ive learned a lot of things. I think Im a scientist. Personally, -[audience whoos] -I think Im a lightweight scientist. People always say, Tiffany, when you first got money, what did you buy? Whats the first big purchase? Your first big purchase? A motherfucking microscope. [whooping, clapping] I went straight to Amazon and I bought me a microscope ‘cuz I was like, I need to see what the fuck is going on out here. [laughter] Bought me a $325 microscope that I can hook up to my computer. I can take pictures of the bacterias and the germs and the parasites. [laughs, whoos] Then I can upload them to Google and I can find out exactly what the fuck it is. Dude come to my house. Drink off this cup. Lets see what happens. [laughter] [chuckling] You can go home. Ill see you in five to seven days. [whooping] I need to see what the fuck grow out of that motherfuckin mouth. [audience laughs] This mofucker got a yeasty-ass throat. -[laughter] -[hollering in disgust] [shrieking] [cackling] He said, Gee. Is that too much for you, sir? Is the science– -Is the science too much for you? -[cackling] Now you wanna know if you yeasty, dont you? -[uproarious laughter] -Look at you. Hes like, Haha-ha. [laughing, hollering] Now that tongue a little white. [audience laughs] Might got some candidosis on that bitch. [laughing] Parasites is real though. Parasites is a real fucking thing. Parasites is a real thing. Every single one of us human beings, all of us, every human… We all got parasites inside of us. -[laughter] -Its crazy like, were made up of like a billion million parasites. And then our minds, our minds is the government, right? And like, so the parasites like, listen to your mind. If youre in control of your mind, then you can run everything up in here, right? But if youre not in control of your mind, then the parasites run you. [whooping] [laughing] Let me say it again. -[laughter] -If youre not in control of your mind, [continued laughter] the parasites run you. [audience whoos] So you gotta be in control of this right here. Now so… so like, for me anyways, you know, like… [clicks tongue] People be like, Tiffany, you got an attitude. No, I dont got an attitude. -My parasites got an attitude. -[uproarious laughter] [clapping] [cackling] Tiffany, Tiffany, you talk too much. I dont talk too much. -My parasites talk too much. -[whooping, laughing] Tiffany, I dont know. Youre a borderline alcoholic. Im not no alcoholic. -[audience screaming with laughter] -My parasite is an alcoholic. [cheering] They like the vodka. [fading claps] Anyway… [sighs] You have to work at it everyday, though. You gotta work at it every day. Some days the parasites, they just… [stammers] they fucking wild. They wild. I get tired. I get really tired ‘cuz I work really hard. You ever have like a really bad day at work? -[whoos of agreement] -Like one of them days youre like, -Why did I wake up today? -[chuckling] I shouldve stayed asleep on this day. I shouldve called in pregnant. Thats what I shouldve did. [laughter] One of them days. I have one of them days last year. On the last day of last year was that day for me. -It was a bad day. -[laughing] It was one of them days when I was like, Fuck. -[laughing continues] -See, what had happened was– -[howling laughter] -Lemma tell you what had happened. What had happened was… Last year, I worked my ass off, like… [sharp exhale] I only had 40 days off. And out of those 40 days, I only slept in my actual bed 28. ‘Cuz I was fuckin the rest , ‘cuz… [laughing] Parasites. [whooping] [cheering, clapping] [woman whoos] And… [chuckles] Like, hold up– Yall this mic pack is trying to fuck me in the ass. [roaring laughter] I just cant, it is like… [stammers] And I got on the Spanx. Its like cutting up the– -[laughing] -Im bout to be molested up here. -This is… -[laughter] [stammers] I want to finish the joke. But if this mic pack touch my ass one more time… [laughing, clapping] Thats it. The parasites gonna have to do its business with this mic pack. -[laughing] -‘Cuz I dont know if yall noticed, I aint got no boyfriend. Anything with a battery in it, Im trying to fuck. [cackling] [clapping] [hollering] Im trying to fuck it, yall. [screaming laughter, whooping] Oh, mic pack! [audience laughs] Can you look at it? [giggles] Its in there, boy. [laughter] I got that little arch on my back, so it slides down, slide, slide… Ah, its nasty. Feel like a dick just running up and down. [howling laughter[ Its so hard. Yes. It feel like a hard dick. [laughing] The fuck Im sayin… Yall should see how much Saran wrap I got on under this bitch. [cheering] [whooping, clapping] [Haddish laughs] [audience whoos] [Haddish chuckling] When I take this shit off, its gonna be like… [whooshing] [audience laughs] Thats right, white woman, sweep these floors. [laughter] Thats right. Clean up, clean up. -Thats what Im talking about. Yeah! -[cheering] See how I do it, bitch? -[Haddish sneering] -[laughter] [audience whoos] [whooing intensifies] [clapping, whistling] [continued whooing] [woman] Yes! [clapping fading] So. [whooping] Thank you. I love you for loving me. I appreciate you. So let me tell you what had happened, so… [laughs] [audience laughing] So Im at work, right? Im at work on a movie set. The next day, I fly out to Miami, right? I fly out to Miami. I dont know if youve ever been in Miami, -but this is where the devil lives, okay? -[uproarious laughter] Im telling you, the devil live there. You gotta be careful there, okay? I didnt know. I found out. So what had happened– So I get to the hotel. Its late at night. Its about ten oclock at night when I get to my hotel. All my friends are in town, right? Because they all want to go to Tiffany Haddishs New Years Eve show. Yay! Its gonna be so much fucking fun, right? -[audience laughing] -Its… They out there, they calling me, Tiff, what you doing? What you doing? I said, Im going to bed, man. Im tired. I just flew in. I just left the set, Im tired, Im going to bed. And then– Anybody got that one friend, that one friend that can motivate you to do shit -you aint got no damn business doing. -[audience laughing] That friend that can make you move [drawn out] into doing things you know youre gonna go to jail for. -[audience laughs] -You ever see that movie Pinocchio? [laughter] And then when Pinocchio was trying to go to school. Hes trying to be a good boy. Just a good little boy. And his friend came in, saying, Lets go have fun, lets go do something cool. Lets… Hes like, Yeah, we go! And they turned into fucking donkeys. They turned into jackasses. Thats what the fuck happened to me! -[roaring laughter] -My friend called me, shes like, Tiffany, come on, lets go out. Im like, Nah, girl. I gotta go to bed. Shes like, Tiffany, have you celebrated this year? I was like, What do you mean? Have I celebrated? Did you celebrate? [laughing] Celebrate what, bitch? What are you talking about? -[laughing] -Tiffany. You was the very first African American female stand-up comedian to host SNL. -And you won an Emmy for that. -[cheering] -You won an Emmy for it! -[continued cheering] Did you celebrate? Did you celebrate, Tiffany? I said, No. I went to my next job trying to get an Emmy for that motherfucker. [laughter] She said, Okay. But you was in a movie with Kevin Hart and it made over a hundred million dollars. [audience whoos] You was in a movie that made a hundred million dollars. Did you go out to celebrate that, Tiffany? I said, No– You know what? Yes, I did. I celebrated by cashing that check from that movie -that made a hundred million. -[whoos] -That was my celebration. -[clapping] -Thank you. Check it! -[laughter] She said, But Tiffany, when you were 16, you could not read. You learned how to read. And then you wrote a book. And it came out and it was on the New Yorks Best Sellers list. You did an audio book. And that was on the New Yorks Best Sellers list. And you got nominated for a Grammy for reading out loud, bitch! -[uproarious laughter] -Did you celebrate? Did you celebrate? -[cheering] -Gettin the Grammy for reading out loud. Do you know how inspiring that is to people that hate readin? Bitch, theres people out here who cant see that can read. Now they finna be reading, to get Grammys! [laughter] I said, Girl. No, Im not working on my Hooked on Phonics program so I can write a better book thats more eloquent. [audience laughs] She said, Tiffany. Its gonna be a gang of dick in the club. I said, You shouldve just said that in the first place! [howling laughter] [clapping] [whoos] I was out there partying my ass off, dancing, drinking, drinking more than I ever drank in my whole entire life. I was drinking everything. Anything somebody handed to me, I was drinking it. Man, I was so messed up, my kidneys failed on me. I was… [sighs] Im pretty sure I peed in the Uber. -I know my Uber rating went down. -[roaring laughter] Got me to the hotel. Boom, I went to sleep, right? They wake me up in the middle of the day, said, Tiffany, you got to do a video. You got to do a video to let everybody know where you gonna be at tonight. Got to let everybody know. And I said, Oh, okay. But I dont feel so good. [groans] I dont think I should do it. They said, Get out in the sun. You can do it. If you see this video, this video will tell you this is not gonna be a good show. -[roaring laughter] -This show is gonna be horrible. I didnt know where the fuck I was gonna be performing at. It was bad. It was just a… It was another bad choice. Its a bad idea. Just look. -What up, yall. This is me, Tiffany. – [screaming laughter] I aint gonna lie to you, Ive been out here in Miami -since yesterday this night – [whooping, clapping] or early this morning. And I partied. I partied all night. -I cant open my eyes, yall. -[laughter] Not even that, I partied all morning. I went to bed at seven. Its whatever time it is right now. Im up. -[howling laughter] – Imma do the show tonight. – New Years Eve. -Uh-huh. Im about to party. About to party some more! – [laughing] -Who comin to party with me? Who comin to ring in the New Year with me? Its James… I dont know the name of the place. -I forget the name of the theater. – [roaring laughter] Go to my website Tiffanyhaddish.com, you find out where its at. You can tell my breath stinks. James L. Knight Center Theater. -[laughing] – James L. Theater Center–Knight! – [continued laughing] -The Cirocs still in my system. The, the partys gonna… The partys gonna be so lit! – Get your tickets, Tiffanyhaddish.com! -[cackling] New Years Eve. Lets go! Yeah! [uproarious laughter, cheering] [whooping, clapping] -[audience whooing] -[continued clapping] -She was not ready! -[laughter] She not ready. Anybody with any common sense is gonna be like, That shows gonna be bad. She dont even know where the fuck she at. [laughing] Wind blowin through my partial weave, -two tracks slapping in the back. -[laughing] You can barely see it, but its back there flapping. Horrible. I go back to sleep. They wake me up, Tiffany, its time to get to the theater. Get to the theater, We gotta do your makeup. I cant sit up. I cant sit up in the chair straight. They said, Lay on the couch. It was like they was getting me ready for my funeral. -I was just laying there dead. -[laughter] [howling laughter] I was dead. [continued laughter] I was dead! -[cackling] -I was dead! [whooping] Look at that. Trying to hold my coochie ‘cuz I think somebodys gonna steal it! [uproarious laughter] Thats usually what happens when you sleep like that in public. [Haddish, audience laughing] -[Haddish chuckling] -[cackling] The shit is horrible! They wake me up. Come on, come on, get up to the stage. Come on. You gotta get to the stage. They get me to the stage. I hear them announce me. Right before the announcement, you know, the comic on stage was killing. They killing. Im like, Im sitting there. Im hurting. -Im just… Im like this. -[laughter] -[continued laughter] -‘Cuz my kidneys aint came back yet. They aint… They go, Tiffany, you ready? Im like… She ready. [roaring laughter] [continued laughter] They said, Pull yourself together. Come on! I said, Okay, okay. Said, You sold out this theater, Tiffany. You sold it out. Youre gonna knock this out the park. Come on. Okay. [whimpers] Okay, lets go. [laughter] They announced me. I come out. I walk out like aint shit wrong with me. [audience laughs] [howling laughter] [clapping] All these people standing up. Thousands of people. Over 4000 people standing on their feet, cheering for me. All these cellphone lights, 3000 cellphone lights up in the air, making it even brighter. And Im looking out. And my soul looking out. [laughter] And my soul looked at me and said, Bye, bitch. [uproarious laughter] [clapping] I said, Wait! [strained] Wait! Dont leave! She said, Mm-mm, we dont do cellphones. Cellphones be snitching. -We dont do that. -[audience laughs] And thats why yall shit locked up -till this day. -[continued laughing] [clapping] Why yall shit locked up. [clapping fading] The next day, the next day, right? [laughs] The next day, I get home. I go to sleep. I wake up. When I open up my phone, its like on the front page of Google: Tiffany Haddish bombs in Miami, does a horrible New Years Eve show. Oh my God, its horrible. Right? Im just like, Oh, well. I just tweeted, Yeah, this happened. Im so sorry. Ill make sure I prayed on it. Ill make sure this never happens again. Right? And I leave it alone. Hours later, I started getting these phone calls. First, Kevin Hart calls me. -[affected accent] Tiffany! -[audience laughs] You alright? I said, Yeah, Im good. You sure? I said, Yeah, Im sure. He said, You aint gonna kill yourself or nothing, are you? I said, No. Why would I kill myself? Shit. Im just sayin. [blows lips] [chuckles] What? [indistinct vocalizations] [hissing, coughing] [indistinct vocalizations] The fuck? Kevin? Are you dodging tennis balls? -Why are you making this noise? -[audience laughs] Just making sure youre good. Im good, Kevin. Im good. All right. All right. Click. He hanged up. Then I get a call– Oprah Winfrey. -[audience whoos] -Oprah Winfrey calls me. [affected, drawn out] Tiffany! -[roaring laughter] -[clapping] I know that youre gonna have better shows. I said, Thank you, Oprah. When were gonna start gardening? Gotta call you back. Bye! [audience laughs] Then Martin Luther King called me. -I said, Well, God damn! -[laughing] Im bringing the dead back with my bad-ass show? [howling laughter] [clapping, whooing] Now heres the crazy thing. Heres the crazy thing. Sinbad called me. Now, to me, that is fucking amazing. Sinbad! Hes a legend. And my mom, my mom is in love with Sinbad. When I was growing up, my mom was pretty mean to me, right? She used to say stuff to me like, Dang, you bald-headed on the side. I can see your thoughts. -Im like, Damn, mom! -[roaring laughs] You did my hair. Who dressed you? You look like a dirty little kid. -You dressed me! You, mama! -[laughing] She said some mean stuff to me, like You look like your ugly-ass daddy. You aint gonna be shit. Well, look at me now, bitch. [cackles] [cheering] [clapping] I started thinking to myself, My mama, she might be mean to me. But the only reason shes mean to me is because she knows that Im the better version of her. [laughing] Its like shes Pic ‘N Save, and Im Big Lots. [roaring laughter, cheers] [Haddish laughs] She was in love with Sinbad. She used to talk about Sinbad all the time, right? So when he called me, my first thought was, I should fuck Sinbad, get pregnant, and make my mama babysit. [audience laughs] Thats the ultimate revenge right there. [laughing] But then I was like, Nah, he probably too old. [laughter] But then we started to talk, right? He said, Tiffany, how you doing? How you holding up? I said, Im good. Im holding up good. He said, Let me tell you something. I had shows on New Years Eve too. And I did bad, man. Two shows. Both of them were really bad. I said, For real? He said, Yeah, man. But, you know, whats crazy is, nobody talked about my show. So, you know what that means. I said, What? He said, Cuz you know, they all talked about you. I said, Yeah? He said, That means you made it. You a star. [whooing, clapping] [cheering intensifies] [whoos] But its crazy ‘cuz like, [stammering] Im so always like… I have a big heart. And I feel… I think I feel everything. Like, [clicks tongue] three weeks ago, I was asleep, right? Sleeping good. Then in the middle of the night, two oclock in the morning, I wake up. And my heart was so hurt. I was just hurting. I dont know why. And I went ahead, and I tweeted about it, right? I said, I dont know whats going on. I dont know why I woke up crying. But I feel much better now that I prayed about it. And I went back to sleep, right? When I woke up– This is how I know Im famous. When I woke up, that shit was on the front page of my Google again, talking about Tiffany Haddish claims depression. It says crying was cathartic. I was like, First of… [intensifies] What the fuck is ‘cathartic? [audience laughs] Aint no body says shit about catharticism. Okay? I dont even know what religion that is! [roaring laughter] Then I looked it up and I was like, Oh… -[laughter] -Okay, ‘cathartic. Alright. But I didnt say I was depressed. And I know, I know what depression is, first-hand. I know. I was homeless three different times in my life. I know what the fuck depression is. And they even gave me medication for it. Imma tell you right now, alright? I dont like that medication. I dont like it at all. I rather be moist and crazy… [exhales] [laughing] than dry and sane. That medication dry you up! [cheering, clapping] They dry you up! [whooing] Do you know how hard it is to walk fast when your coochie dry? [laughter] You ever see them older ladies try to cross the street? They had to hunch in like that. They crawled up like a shrimp. -Like this, right here. -[cackling] When they crawled up like that right there, -that mean they coochie dry. -[audience laughs] You gotta walk with your legs cocked open like this. -You gotta walk slow. [laughing, clapping] ‘Cuz if you move fast, your coochies just gonna blow up. [puffs into mic] -[laughing] -Its gonna catch on fire. -Gotta put Carmex on your lips and shit. [whooing] [audience laughs] -Sorry, that was funny to me. -[laughter] I did that one time. It tingled too much. [screaming cackles] Carmex is not for your coochie lips, just so you know. [audience laughs] They should put that on the container. [laughing] But it was crazy to me ‘cuz people keep talking about it, they were talking about it like, Oh, Tiffanys claiming her depression. And I was not depressed. I just felt hurt for a moment. And I cried and I think personally, me, I believe that crying is a removal of old beliefs and a replacement of new ones. You gotta remember, see, we were all born crying. That was your first mode of communication. Thats the first way you communicate, crying. Like babies, thats their first way to communicate, right? Nobody goes, the baby be in the bed, sleeping. The babys like– [wailing] [giggling] -Nobodys like, -[laughing] -That baby is manic. -[continued laughing] Somebody get that baby some Paxil, please. [howling laughter] [clapping] [chuckles] But nobody says those babies need therapy. Nobody says those babies need any kind of drugs. All they say is Hold the baby. Love the baby. Talk to the baby. Communicate with the baby. So what does that say that we need? Somebody to hold us sometimes, love on us, -communicate with us. -[cheering] -And then maybe, -[whooing] maybe you wont feel so fucked up! [audience laughs] [uproarious cheers] Any questions? Im here to teach. [audience laughs] Speaking of babies, I was at this party, right? I was at this party and it was popping. And Drakes dad was there. -I dont know if yall seen Drakes dad. -[woman whoos] You know who Drake is, right? The rapper? Well, his dad was at the party, so was Drake. But his dad was there. And I dont know if youve ever seen him, but he looked like the black Inspector Gadget. [laughing] Mixed with Super Fly. [whooing] And he was talking to me. He was like, Tiffany, you got a very bright career ahead of you. You plan on having any kids? You plan on having any babies? I was like, Ah, I dont know. If God want me to, maybe in the next two or three years. Maybe. Otherwise, Ill just adopt. Get some foster kids or something like that. He said, Well, you let me know. [laughing] Let me know. I make stars. You know, Drake is my son. Heh. [audience laughs] I said, I know. Hold on one second, Mister Gadget. [laughter] Drake. Drake. -Drake, Drake! Drake! Drake. -[laughing] Hes like, What, Tiff, what? [clears throat] Can I talk to you for a sec? Come here. Let me talk to you for a second. He was like, What? Whats up? Look here, Drake. [stammers] I would much rather be your baby mama… than your step mama. -Get your daddy, nigga. -[roaring laughter] Get your daddy! [whooing] Get him! [cheering, clapping] You know whats crazy, is like– One of the things that I learned in life is like how to survive, right? Like Im a survivor. -[giggles] Mm. [laughs] -[laughing] [chuckles] And when I was younger, it was so crazy ‘cuz like I would hook up with dudes ‘cuz I was like so hungry. I weighed like a hundred pounds and I was starving. And I would like, you know, go out for dinner and lunch, -and breakfast, and… -[audience laughs] [laughs] I was hungry. And… Id be like, Oh shoot, my cycle late. Oh my God, what am I going to do? And then I would just go to Six Flags and I would get on every roller coaster -[laughing] -like six or seven times and I drink a fifth of Hennessy. -And… -[laughter] Then my cycle would start. -Thats how you do… [whooing] an abortion on a budget. [cackling] [clapping] -That was the late 1900s. [giggles] -[continued laughter] [Haddish exhales slowly] Yup. But its not even a joke. Its the truth. -Thats when… -[clapping] Thats what you learn in foster care, thinking like, How am I gonna get rid of this! I cant afford Planned Parenthood. [audience laughs] You got Coca-Cola cans? Yeah. Six Flags. [roaring laughter] [clapping] [cackling] I dont think either one of these companies is gonna sponsor me. [laughing, whooing] -But I aint got no kid! [laughs] -[audience laughs] [continued laughing] Its what happens when you raise yourself. Its the shit I learned, man. Its the things Im just here to teach. [laughing, clapping] [cheering] One of the valuable lessons I learned in life that I think every woman should know is, you know… Never let anybody with dirty hands touch your cuckoo. [laughter] I learned this lesson the hard way in life. I learned it the hard way. I was about 17, right? I was on the school bus, alright? It was after the track practice, and this boy I liked or whatever, and he is like, you know, we was making out. Hes like, Can I touch your coochie? I was like, Okay. [audience laughs] And I let him touch it. Next day, -I was itching like a motherfucker. -[laughing] I was itching bad. I was like, Oh, shit. Somethings wrong. And I went to my homegirl and I was like, -[inhales] Girl, -[cackles] I think he gave me AIDS. [howling laughter] She was like, Whats wrong? I said, My coochie itching really bad. Im pretty sure its AIDS. She was like, No, Tiffany. I heard my mom talking about this. You just need to put– Its something white. -Yeah, mayonnaise. Put mayonnaise on. -[screaming laughter] I was like, What? She was like, Yeah, put mayonnaise on it. So I went home. I put mayonnaise on my cuckoo. [audience laughs] I went to sleep. When I woke up, -my left coochie lip was gone, yall. [screaming laughter] [clapping] My whole left lip was gone. My right lip was on super swole. I was like, Uh-oh. Im growing a penis. [cackling] -Im going through the change. [continued laughing] So I thought, Or maybe… Okay, maybe Im not going through the change. Maybe its just an infection. What Grandma say if you get an infection? Oh yeah, put some peroxide on it. -[audience oohs] -So… -[blowing hard into mic] [audience laughs] My coochie looked like it had rabies. [laughing] I was foaming. It was bad. [chuckles] [continued laughing] I went to her, shes like, Girl, you stupid. [audience laughs] I was like, Nobody raised me, bitch! Im just going off things -that I hear from other people! -[laughing] This is why Im glad theres the Internet now. This was the 1900s. The bitch didnt know no better. [laughing, clapping] -[continued laughing] -[Haddish snickering] It was so bad. I went back to sleep. I went to bed to sleep. When I woke up, my right coochie lip looked like it was a hot dog -in the microwave for too long. [audience laughs] [screaming laughter] Were not gonna show that image. [roaring laughter] [clapping] [whoos] Turns out I just had a yeast infection on steroids. So what did we learn from this? Dirty nails, dirty D. -That motherfucker cant touch me. [laughing] And… [clapping] Dont put mayonnaise on your pussy. [chuckles] [audience laughs] [clapping, cheering] You know, when I was homeless in the city full of my family members, right? And this is the thing, like, now that Im successful, family members feel like they could just ask me for money. Just ask me, just like, like I owe them. Like, wait, hold up, bitch. [laughing] When I was sleeping in my Geo Metro two-door hatchback and it was middle of winter, and I asked if I could come over and sleep on your couch and you told me no. [shouts of affirmation] Why do you think -Imma give you a dime? -[audience laughs] Because blood is thicker than the cold. No, it aint, bitch! -[gruff] Im still cold in my heart. -[laughing] I aint forgot! [cheering] I aint forgot! Wait till I get Alzheimers and then ask me for some shit. [audience laughs] [Haddish giggles] Thats how I feel. ‘Cuz I work my ass off. -I work really, really, really hard. -[woman whoos] And I work so hard because I want to bless the ones that did look out for me. Like my granny, she looked out. So now she needs a little help, I got her staying in my house. And you know, [chuckles] I love her to death, but she is a major cock-blocker. I cant even have sex in my house. [audience laughs] Shes a super cock-blocker. I didnt block no cock from her. But… -[laughing] -Nam sayin? She had five kids, four baby daddies. -Aint nobody stop her. -[roaring laughter] [continued laughing] Let me bring a man in the house, she hear a man, she in there clappin like its church Sunday or somethin. She– [laughs] And then we talking like, Yeah, so, ah, so, ah, you… you wanna make out? Hes like, Oh yeah. Starting touch on my waist. And then you hear my grandma: [popping claps] -[audience laughs] [yelling] What yall doing up in there? Bring me in. Let me look at it! [laughing, clapping] [stammering] You, you live– You live with somebody? She live with me. [audience laughs] [cackling] Always blocking! Thats why I aint had no dick all last year. -[laughter] [Haddish snickering] Its all good. Im fixing up her house. Im actually trying to buy her a house just so I can put her in there so I can get some dick in mine. [audience laughs] [clapping, whooing] Im dead fucking serious. [giggles] Its not a joke. [laughter] [Haddish chuckles] A lot of my– Since Ive been getting popular, you know, a lot of my exes have been popping up. A lot of my exes have been popping up and what I have realized is that like I dont know what it is about my vagina, but… [sighs] These dudes, they dont want to get they life straight. They dont get they life together, but they all get braces. [howling laughter] And Im trying to figure out what is it about my pussy that make you decide once we break up, Imma get my teeth together. [laughing] Its always the dudes I think got money but they dont got no damn money. [audience laughs] And Im not — I figured out what my favorite kind of man is. It used to be like a fit man with abs and stuff, you know, like I used to love that but I realized they are fucking broke. [laughing] -Thats why they got abs. -[audience laughs] They hungry just like I was. [laughter] And its hard to fuck a skinny dude. Like I love to ride. Imma rider! Imma rider! [laughs] [cackling] [clapping] Sometimes you be riding on a skinny guy, he got a flat-ass belly and shit. Them bones. Them bones be rubbing up against your thighs, make it look like youve been pole dancing all night and shit. [cackling] All bruised up in this motherfucker cause hes so god damn skinny. [Haddish giggles] I like how some woman in the back was like, Shit! [laughter] ‘Cuz she just fucked a skinny dude yesterday. -[audience laughs] -This bullshit here. That shit be hurting! But they do have D, though. And you trying to ride. Youre like, Imma sit on this… -[laughter] -You be tryin to ride you like, Yeah. But they so fucking skinny, they aint got nothing to stop you -from sliding up to the front -[laughing] and busting him in the mouth, like, Well, there you go. Go on and eat that. Thats for you right there. Thats fast food. Im up here at your mouth already, might as well open up. -Ah… [roaring laughter] Thats why I prefer like a more heavyset dude. Like a dude with a little gut on em. Thats what I prefer, a little belly. -Little… [blows raspberry] [audience laughs] Look like he got a lot of parasites. [laughing] Bloated like you, sir. [whooing] First off, I know you can cook. -[audience laughs] -I know I aint gonna be hungry. [chuckles] And you got that little belly on you. -Mm… -[laughter] Thats that coochie bumper. That keep you from falling off. [laughing] Get on that. You can lay down. He lay down like that. He put that mofuka up. [Haddish exhales] [laughter] There you go your dick, there it go. Okay. [Haddish laughs] [audience laughs] [soft voice] Okay, there it go. Im feeling now. Hey dick…. [audience laughs] You ready to disappear in this pussy? [laughing] Hes like, Stop playing and get on that mofuka. Alright. [laughter] You climb up on that shit like you on a ride at Six Flags. Okay. [laughing] You lock in right there. He let that belly down. Pop! That land on your thighs. [howling laughter] Now you cant move, bitch. All you can do is this. Right here. Thats it. ‘Cuz that belly hold you down. [screaming laughter] [cackling, clapping] Ooh… [laughs] -[audience laughs] -You riding on that dick like, Whee! -[laughing] Now come on, suck on my titties. Hes like, Whoever tittys the biggest gets sucked on first. Like, Shit! [audience laughs] [whooping] [Haddish puckering] When you really take the time to really look at a penis, its nothing but a vagina that fell out. [laughter] [continued laughter] I mean, if you really look at it, you can tell. Like… The testicles are the ovaries. The sack is the uterus. The shaft is the vaginal canal. And the tip is a clitoris. Your pussy fell out. [cackling, cheering] [clapping] Scientific proven fact. Its a fact. Every single one of us humans, we start out as female. The first three months, you start out as female. Then the chromosome kicks in. Thats why God felt bad for yall, men. God felt bad and gave you strong arms and strong legs. [laughter] So you can hold on to things ‘cuz you couldnt hold onto your pussy. So. [howling laughter] He felt bad. [continued laughter] [whooping, clapping] [Haddish snickering] [sighs] My favorite part is to watch a man sleeping with no clothes on and just to look at his balls. [audience laughs] Balls never ever stop moving. -Balls are always in motion. -[laughing] They never stop moving. Thats how– If Im like, Oh, is he dead? I just look at his balls. I dont even check to see if he breathing. [cackling] Balls be like this… [roaring laughter] [whooing] [continued laughter] When you get close to them, if you get close, all the wrinkles come out. Theyll be like, Hi. [audience laughs] [clapping] If you move back, theyll be like, Why did you leave? -Looking like elephant knees and shit. -[laughter] Thats just some of the things Ive learned in life. [laughing] Knowledge. [laughs] Its so stupid, but I feel like, later on, like in the next month or so, yall gonna reflect back on that, like, That was really good knowledge. [audience laughs] -[clapping] -That– that is helpful. [cheering] Are you praying for me, sir? [chuckles] -Hes like, [gruff] Oh, shit. -[laughter] [Haddish laughs] [audience laughing] You know religion is something that, to me, Im always trying to figure it out religion, right? Like, Ive tried them all. I literally have tried all the religions, okay? I tried Scientology and I realize I cant fuck with that. They got bunk beds. I dont do bunk beds. [audience laughs] Catholicism, I tried that. But they get up and down too much. And then the wine aint real. They givin you grape juice and shit in like fake-ass paper crackers. -Where the fuck is the seasoning? -[laughter] Jehovah Witness. I like Jehovah Witnesses because for your– Like, first off, you get exercise ‘cuz you walking around from door to door, right? And they give you the best butterscotch candies ever. [audience laughs] [Haddish chuckles] Some people know what Im talking about, some people are like, They give out candy? -[audience laughs] -For every Watchtower you get a butterscotch. [laughter] Thats when I was a kid. And through all of that, [stammering] I realized like, Judaism, I love it, but you have to know Hebrew. You have to know this. You gotta be a certain way. You gotta do all these things. And Ive been to like over 500 bar mitzvahs. And Im tired of people telling me to go to the kitchen. No, motherfucker, Im supposed to be here. [howling laughter] [exasperated exhale] So now Im just, Im spiritual. Im very spiritual, okay? -Im a spiritual person. [cheering] [clapping] But theres something thats really been bothering me a lot. And I dont know if yall noticed this, but have yall seen these billboards all over the cities? Like no matter what city I go to, no matter where Im at, I see billboards for the Shenyun. [audience laughs] The Shenyun. Has anybody ever been to this Shen– Is this a religion or a cult? What the fuck is a Shenyun? [laughter] Has anybody ever seen this? Has anybody? Oh, you been? I went to look them up on YouTube to see like what do they do at the Shenyun. Maybe they got a video or a little advertisement. And I was like watching. And I was like, Oh, they just dance? Thats it? They just dance? I could be in the Shenyun. Now, I would love to be the first… ‘Cuz like every black person wants to be the first black person to do something. -[laughter] -So I want to be the first African-American Jew to be in a Shenyun performance. [audience laughs] [roaring laughter] [clapping] Thats one thats on Crenshaw. Thats on Crenshaw. [continued laughter] You can see that billboard on Crenshaw and 48th. [giggles] [laughing] Thats me in the Shenyun. Its crazy, speaking of dancing, like, Ive always wanted to be like a professional dancer. And when I was younger, a bunch of my friends, they started like dancing in the strip club, right? And this is when we was kind of poor, and I was like a hundred pounds. And I was like, Oh, man, they was making money. I thought maybe I can get in there and get on the pole. I could dance, right? -[audience laughs] -So its like… I said, Imma audition. Imma audition for, you know, be a stripper. [laughs] [laughter] And I went in that audition, I was like… [humming tune] [howling laughter] [clapping] They was like, Get your ass off the stage. [laughs] Apparently pop-lockin and moonwalking is not stripper dancing. [laughter] And then I was like, Can I be a waitress? They was like, Hell no. You probably gonna steal the food. And they was right. -[audience laughs] So then I would just hang out with my homegirls and pick up they money for them or whatever and just like be there with them. And as I was there, I started to realize like the laziest strippers -will make the most fucking money. [laughter] Lazy-ass aint-doing-shit-ass strippers. Yall wanna see my impersonation -of a lazy stripper? [cheering] [whooing] DJ, kick that music. [Too Much by Tiffany Haddish playing] [audience cheering] [laughter] [cackling] [clapping, laughing] [continued laughing] [cheering] [laughter] [Too Much continuing] -[indistinct vocals] [continued laughter] [indistinct vocals continue] [laughing] [howling laughter] [cheering, clapping] [continued laughing] [cackling] [clapping] [roaring laughter] [cheering] [continued laughter] [cheering] [cackling] [cheering, laughing] [clapping] [whooing] [cheering] [whoos] Thats a lazy stripper, yall. [Too Much fading] Thank yall for the few dollars. -[cheering] [man whoos] I aint giving that shit back neither. [audience laughs] You know what? In closing, Id just like to say, thank you to every single one of yall that came out here this evening. [uproarious cheers] Thank you to every single one of yall that came out. Thank you to every single person thats sitting at home watching this. Im only on this planet to teach. I know my purpose. Im here to teach. Maybe its not the proper way to teach [laughter] but fuck it, youre gonna learn today. [clapping, cheering] Im Tiffany Haddish. Good night. [yelling] She ready! [Too Much playing] [cheering continues] [whooing] [indistinct vocals] [clapping, cheering continuing] [Too Much playing] ? Whoa ? ? Walk it out, turn around ? ? Drop it low, hit the ground ? ? Break it down ?

MIKE BIRBIGLIA@THE NEW ONE@2019@? Hey! I wanna get better ? ? I didnt know I was lonely Till I saw your face ? ? I wanna get better ? ? Better, better, better I wanna get better ? ? I didnt know I was broken Till I wanted to change ? ? I wanna get better ? ? Better, better, better I wanna get better ? ? I didnt know I was broken Till I wanted to change ? Thanks. Thank you! Thank you so much. Im gonna put this on. You gu… you guys can turn off your things. And, uh… and we can start this up. Thanks for, uh… thanks for… thanks for making it here, to this big, beautiful theater. Im gonna… Im gonna tell you a story tonight. But first, I want to tell you about my couch. I love my couch. Its first thing I ever dropped money on in my life. In your twenties, you just sort of get a couch… on the street. Like, its garbage. And then, you bring it home to your six roommates. And theyre like, Nice! And then, you reach an age… For me, I was… I was 25. I was living in Astoria, Queens, and I was just like, Im a goddamn man. Im gonna buy a goddamn couch. And I went to a department store and I was like, Wait. How much is it? A thousand dollars? Is there gonna be a sale? This is the sale? Do you think you might go out of business at some point? You are going out of business? I thought about this a lot. I think the reason a couch is so expensive is that its a deceptively sophisticated piece of technology. Its a… Its a bed… that hugs you. Right? Its like, Do you want to watch TV? Do you want to eat pizza? You sure do like eating! But I like that about you. And beds are comfy. But they know it. Theyre like, Id like to be called a ‘king. Im gonna need a box spring. Im like, For what? Theyre like, I dont touch the floor. Get your hands off that tag. Id like this room named after me. Couches are humble. Theyre like, This is about you. Do you want to take a nap? Be my guest. Do you want to have sex with my arm? Ill think about it. I feel terrible. How… Im gonna pause for a moment… and point out that you seem younger than some of the other audience members. Is this your mom? Yes. How… I know sometimes its a rude question. How old are you? Eleven. Eleven! Before we proceed… I want you to know that I am not doing anything wrong. You… you just have bad parents. I, uh… No. Theyre wonderful parents, but there may be some things they need to explain later. Or in seven years. Um… -But Im thrilled youre here. I, uh… My wife and I got married almost exactly ten years ago, here in New York City. Actually, at City Hall, which is about 56 blocks that way. And, uh, its a great place to get married. If you have a chance, very convenient, lots of subway lines. We took the subway home. We took selfies on the subway. We ate pizza and hamburgers at this place in our neighborhood at the time, called Big Nicks, and then we took a nap… on our couch. Weve spent thousands of hours together… on this couch. Weve watched classic films on the couch. Weve eaten 20 birthday cakes on the couch. Weve laughed hysterically on the couch. Weve cried in each others arms when we realized we were gonna have to put our cat, Ivan, to sleep on the couch. Its soft, yet firm. Filthy, yet spotless. Colorful, yet no one can agree on what color it is. I think its green. My wife thinks its gray. I looked it up… Chocolate. Which isnt a color… But its fitting, cause theres chocolate in it. I love being home on my couch, but I travel for my job. I do this in, sometimes, a hundred cities in a year, which is more cities than there are. Some of them are just an Applebees with a dream. And… And I-I love the shows, but the travel can be rigorous. Often, when I return home, Im entirely empty. Just bones, and garbage, and Diet Coke, all strung together by those plastic ringlets that bind sodas and strangle ducks, and I collapse on the couch, and I say to my wife, I say, Clo… Her names Jen. Clo… leave me by the side of the road. But she doesnt. She revives me. Jen has a soft, sweet voice. It has a thread count of 600. It always seems like shes telling you a secret, like, Im gonna make tea. Im like, I wont tell anyone. So, well lie on the couch, and shell order me a chicken kabob platter and scratch my back, and well snuggle with our cat Mazzy and watch a documentary about murder. And thats what love is. And it all takes place… on the couch. In October of 2012, Im doing a show in Boston, and Im staying with my brother Joe. My brother Joe used to be so cool. And then he had two kids. And now hes a loser. No, hes not a loser. I will say, like, its just less fun to visit his house. Like, Im trudging through living room and theres crap all over the floor. Im trying to eat breakfast at the kitchen table and I realize theres one of those sticky yogurt pouch containers underneath me, and the tables filled with wet Cheerios, and sippy cups, and Aquaphor. And Joes trying to show me this video of his son, but his son is sitting right there, and Im like, I got Henry live! I dont need Henry on tape. And the video itself… underwhelming. You know, like… This is a 12-minute video of Henry picking apples. Im like, Nobody wants to see that. Theres so much great content out there. I mean, I… I was on YouTube, I saw a 90-second video of a cat giving another cat a massage. Dont waste my time… with Henry picking apples. And as Im watching this, actual Henry starts whacking me in the eye with this foam bat, and Im like, What game is this? And my… My brother does nothing. Hes like a world wrestling referee, like, I dont know. Hes not supposed to do that. I dont know what to do. I hide in the bathroom and Im trying to pee, but they have the child-proof circle inside the circle, inside the circle, like a carnival peeing game that Im losing badly. And then Henry pushes in the door. Now Im peeing into the wall… which has pee on it already. And then… I lock the door. Im standing in Joes bathroom for 15 minutes, doing no activity other than avoiding his family. And I pull out my phone. Im looking up things going on in town that night. I walk out, I go, Joe, we should see this band at the Paradise. He says, I cant go to a concert, Mike! I have kids! I said, Sorry. And he says, Dont apologize. Its the most joy Ive ever experienced. Congratulations on your ambiguous tone. And so… So we dont go out. We stay home and watch these Baby Einstein videos, which have yielded no geniuses to my knowledge. There was… Theres nothing about the theory of relativity in the one I saw. It was a pig playing a xylophone, and then a dog barks, and a ladys voice goes, Pillow! -And then… my nephew spits yogurt on his shirt, and my brothers like, Hes a genius. And Im like, Im not seeing it, but… I fall asleep around 7:30 p.m., because being around children makes me want to be unconscious at all times. And then… Im wide awake around 4:15 a.m. with this fierce cold from sleeping in this Petri-dish house, and this… ringing foam-bat headache, and I hobble onto a 6:30 a.m. flight, and, sure enough, theres a baby across the aisle, screaming at the top of his lungs. And in that moment… I cant defend this, but in that moment, I remember thinking, That baby doesnt need to be anywhere! You know what I mean by that? I cant even begin to defend it. Its just how I felt. I was like, It doesnt know it lives in Boston! It doesnt know what New York City is! Im wearing noise-canceling headphones, which apparently are not enough. You need baby-canceling headphones, which are condoms, I guess. But I… Look, I think weve got to get babies off planes. I feel like we got rid of smoking in the 80s, we can get rid of babies now, or bring back smoking, get these babies some cigarettes, cause theyre… Theyre so stressed out. And so, I land… I land at JFK, I take a cab to our apartment, I collapse on our beloved couch, and it hugs me. Jen gets me some mint tea and some hot-and-sour soup, and I say, Clo… people with kids… are miserable. And look, maybe I have a low tolerance for children, cause… Ive lost a lot of great friends to kids. Because it really is like a disease in some ways, but its worse than a disease, cause they want you to have it, too. Theyre like, You should have kids, too. Im watching you do it and Im thinking Im gonna not do it. Theyre like zombies. Like, You should eat brains. Im watching you eat brains and it seems like it ruined your life. And the way you kill zombies– You probably know this from the movies, right? Is you shoot em… in the head… with a shotgun. Or… you chop off their heads with a machete or a samurai sword, which is also the way you kill anyone. So Im talking about this with Jen, and she laughs, and I laugh, and we laugh… as one. And then she says, But if we had a baby, I think it would be different. And I was like… You got bit! I tried to remain calm. I said, Clo, I was very clear… when we got married that I never wanted to have a kid, which, by the way, gets you nothing. Being very clear… is apparently useless, because she said I was clear. I didnt want to have a baby at the time, but that I might change. And I said, I was clear… I would never change. She said, If you dont want to have a baby, maybe Ill have one on my own, and we can stay married. And I said, Oh, thatll be a good look. Just you, and me, and this kid thats a cross between you and some grad student jacking his way through SUNY Purchase. I mean, you cant… You cant have a kid on the side, like… We keep him in the shed! I mean, people do it. Ive seen the documentaries. Its just… those arent my role models. And then people will be like, You guys have kids? I gotta be like, She does. She says a baby wouldnt have to change the way we live our lives. I said, Did you get… less smart? Because you used to be so smart, and what youre saying currently, it… is factually incorrect. By the way, Ive never wanted to have a kid for seven specific reasons. Number one, Ive never felt like there should be more of me in the world. Dont get me wrong. I think one is funny. You know? One… Ha-ha! Good one! You know what I mean? Like… Lets get tickets. But… But I believe in survival of the fittest, and this is not the fittest. Like I… I have the body of someone whos just about to start P90X. And then, doesnt. And… And I have a long medical history. I had a malignant tumor in my bladder when I was 19. I was very lucky. Uh, they took it out. Uh, it hasnt come back, but every year I go for whats called a cystoscopy, where they take a rod about this long, with the width of a Twizzler and a camera on the end, and they stick it through your urethra to look at– I know! While youre awake. I should say while other people are awake. I get knocked out for it. But I didnt… I didnt the first time. When I was 20… my urologist, Dr. Kaplan, stuck me in the chair with the leg stirrups, and he put on a local anesthetic and some jelly, which was quite cold. And the moment… The moment he made contact, I go… And he said, Relax your butt. And I said, You relax your butt! Which… By the way, if you ever find yourself in a situation where you need to convince someone to relax their butt… one thing I would suggest not saying… is, Relax your butt. I feel like it has almost a reversing quality. I… Look, if thats your end game, maybe throw a curveball like, Relax your ears! Youd be like, Oh, my butt feels pretty loose! And then, it just… Then it just slides right in there, which is all to say… I get knocked out for this every year. Last year was particularly eventful, cause I went for my physical, and I was nearing 40, so they asked to do the prostate exam, which you probably know, is a finger in the butt and one in your mouth if youre close to the physician. And I… I think thats what it is. I couldnt… I couldnt handle it. Like… He went for it, and I was like… Oh! No, thank you! And so… So, when I went for my cystoscopy, I said to Dr. Kaplan, I go, Hey… while Im under… um, do you mind… also… sticking your finger… in my butt? Dr. Kaplan goes, Yeah, I can do that. And I thought, like, I might be a medical genius. Like, I never… I never went to school for this, I barely finished Our Bodies, Ourselves, and I just… invented the Urology two-for, which if it catches on, should be renamed the Birbiglia Bonus. And so… So, I had bladder cancer. I have a life-threatening sleepwalking disorder, which is very extreme. I mean, 13 years ago, I jumped in my sleep through a second-story window of a La Quinta Inn. Yeah. When I say through, I mean through the glass. The glass was double-paned. I ended up with 33 stitches in my legs. The glass was a centimeter from my femoral artery. Had it struck there, I could have just bled out on the front lawn and died. I was diagnosed with a very rare thing. Its called REM Behavior Disorder. So when I go to bed at night, I take medication and I sleep in a sleeping bag… up to my neck. And I wear mittens… so I cant open the sleeping bag. And thats my life! So… Yeah, there are details in my life that are both setups and punchlines. And… I make a lot of jokes about it, but its a very serious thing. There are people who have what I have, who, in rare instances, have been known, to physically harm the person theyre in bed with while remaining asleep. Uh, there was a news story a few months ago, which people were tweeting at me, which, by the way… Dont do that. Where… A guy goes camping with his wife. He has a dream theres a wild animal in the tent, and hes punching and kicking, and he wakes up. Its not an animal, its his wife. And shes dead. I know. So I dont think thats a great quality in a dad. So… So I had bladder cancer, I have a life-threatening sleepwalking disorder. My health is not trending upward. Last year, I went for my physical. My doctor took blood and he called me. He said, You have Lyme disease… and… And? …diabetes. I was like, One at the time. Everybodys gonna get a chance. It was like… It was like going to a parent-teacher conference, and theyre like, Your sons getting Ds, and hes been molested by the gym teacher. Were gonna need separate meetings. I couldnt believe it. Thirty-nine years old, diagnosed with type-2 diabetes. He said, Is there anything in your diet that might be spiking your blood sugar? I said, Sometimes, I eat pizza until Im unconscious. He said, I think that might be it. So I had Lyme disease, diabetes, Im generally devoid of joy. I really am. I try. Like, I was listening to this TED Talk about how to find joy in your life. And the host said, One thing everyone enjoys… is confetti. And I thought, Oh, no! I hate confetti. To me, confetti is just garbage that we throw into the air. So I had cancer, life-threatening sleeping disorder, Lyme disease, diabetes, I dislike joy. Im not exactly handing off A-plus genes here. Number two… I love my marriage, and I feel… I really do, I feel so lucky to have found my wife. And I dont fall for these clichés at weddings, where theyll say, like, Two becomes one. But I do feel, if youre lucky, in a relationship, there are moments… And I mean… moments. Like, this is a moment. That was a moment. There are moments… where you feel like your souls are colliding in a way that two souls have never collided in the history of humankind. And you think, How did I get this lucky? My wife and I hate going to parties, but we love driving away from parties. A few years ago, we went to our friend Katies birthday, and this lady got up and gave a speech, which isnt a thing. -And… thats why I remember it so well. She said, Last year, Katie and I went scuba diving, and her oxygen tank got stuck on the rocks, and I wriggled it free, and I may have saved her life. I saved your best friends life. Jen and I lock eyes from across the room, and we project the sentence, Were gonna talk about this for years. And we have. So, heres… Okay, heres how it comes up. Whenever Jen and I do something sweet for one another, like if she zips me up in my sleeping bag before bed, what she will do, and shell say, Its time to put you in your pod! And Ill say, Thanks. And shell say, I saved your best friends life. Its never not funny. It literally has never not been funny. And I dont want to give that up. I dont want that to change. I dont want a third person showing up like, What about me? Im like, We dont even know you! Number three. I dont know anything and Im not ready to teach the children. I mean, Ive read hundreds of books. Ive retained very little. In third grade, they taught us photosynthesis, and I thought, This is not gonna stick. And it hasnt. Im not 100% sure why it rains. Im not sure you are either. I dont know anything for certain. I think its entirely possible consciousness is a hallucination. How do I explain that to a kid? See that juice box? Dont be so sure. I cant explain existence. I was raised Catholic, but I didnt really believe in God. I just believed in my mom. And my mom believed in God. It was like I was in this weird three-way with God, where Im like, Its okay if Hes here while youre here, but and Im not gonna do anything with just me and Him. To be clear, Ive never had sex with my mom. Or God, or had a three-way. So its a true metaphor. Number four, I have a cat. Number five, I… I have a job. Thats what were doing here. It took me a long time to figure out anything I was good at. I wasnt good at video games, or archery, or whatever the hell kids do. And then, I figured this out. I dont want to give that up. My brothers like, Mike, you can have a kid and a career. And I said, Yeah, Joe, but itll be worse. If were being honest with ourselves… kids hold us back. My best example of this is the history of women. Stay with me. Uh… I feel like women are smarter than men, their brains are more sophisticated, and they make 21 cents less on a dollar. I think women are smarter from birth. You ever talk to a two-year-old girl? Two-year-old girls are like, Would you like to have a tea party? A two-year old boy is like, No! And it doesnt get better. I mean… Marginally better. If I were a woman, Id be furious at all times. Id be like, These morons are in charge of anything? How did this happen? The answer is children. Which brings me to number six: I dont think there should be children anymore. Nothing drastic. I think the current children can see through their term. I just think maybe we cut it off there, because… Look, we were given the Earth and we failed. At a certain point we got to call it, right? I mean, I… And I live here with you guys in this supposedly liberal city. If were honest, we barely recycle. I mean, come on. Its like theres the garbage, and then the blue bin, which is basically like, Is this anything? Like… Here are some batteries stuffed in an ink cartridge, could you turn that into something else? And then… And then we just throw it on trucks and ship it to Pennsylvania, which is fine, till New York sinks into the ocean, and we all have to move to Pennsylvania, like… Ill sleep in the almond milk jug, and you can sleep in the packing peanuts. Someday well move to Blu-ray Mountain. I mean… In Germany… In Germany, they recycle 45 percent of their garbage. Thirty-eight percent of their garbage, they incinerate. Granted, their history of incineration, not great, and… Obviously sensitive, I get it. Germans are always like, Were not Nazis. Im like, Yeah, but you know some. I mean, I dont… I dont know any. How many do you know? Some? I think thats enough to exaggerate for humor. Which brings me to number seven. People arent great. Not just Nazis. I mean, people in general are not great. And… And look, you guys seem fine. And the conventional wisdom is that people are generally good. But are they? Im not sure. Like, I think women are okay. I think men are on thin ice. I mean, historically, right, if you zoom out a little. Currently, if you zoom back in, and then… And then, personally, think about the men you know, think about the men youve met in your life. When I do that, I think, like, two or three are horrible. Really, unspeakable. Just a few, two or three. Most are decent. I think thats sort of the ceiling for men. I think… I think good is aspirational. I think great is a fantasy. If youre with someone whos great, get out of there. The men we used to think were great were priests, politicians, and gymnastics doctors. It hasnt… It hasnt ended well for great. And look… I think sometimes its hard to tell. When I was 23, I was in Amsterdam with a friend of a friend, which is a cautionary type of person. A friend of a friend is someone you murder people with, or… buy steak knives from. And were walking… through the Red Light District. This is how naive I was at 23. I didnt know what that meant. If you dont know, its a neighborhood in Amsterdam that has literally hundreds of prostitutes in windows, illuminated by these red lights. And Im walking with my friend of a friend, Im thinking these are bars or strip clubs, and I say to my friend of a friend, like, Should… should we go in one? He says, Yeah, but we gotta choose carefully. I said, How come? He said, Its expensive. I said, How expensive? He said, Its about $200. I said, $200… to go into a strip club? He says, No… Theyre prostitutes. I said… We gotta choose carefully. I wanna be very clear. I dont want to tell you… this story. Its the only story Ill tell you tonight I genuinely do not want to tell you, but I feel like its essential to the larger story Im telling. I chose someone who didnt have a long line. There was something about the line that made it too real. Like, if I were waiting in line, I could imagine thinking, The line for this prostitute is outrageous! And I… I chose someone who sort of looked like me. She was a cross between Matt Damon and Bill OReilly. And… She walks me up these rickety steps into this room thats brightly lit and spare. Theres only a bed in the shape of a gurney. She says, Take off all your clothes and sit on the bed, and I did that. And my body… was not excited. Which is, of course, a euphemism… for my penis. And I… I thought that would be it. Like, she called it, like an umpire. Like, Rain delay. But-but thats not… Thats not what happened. What happened was that she took a condom and she put it on the thing. Which I didnt know was physically possible. I grew up in Massachusetts, and we had health class in seventh grade, and we put a condom on a banana, but never on a water balloon. And… So… So she puts the thing on the thing, and then… starts fellating the thing. And then, if I were to guess, Id say about 40 seconds later, I just… And then, she said, I guess youre done. And I said to her… and Ill never forget this. I said, Cant we just hang out? Im telling you this long, embarrassing story to make the point… that I consider myself… decent. So I explain all this to my wife. Because its part of my larger point. I said, Clo… Why would you want to bring a child into this world with me? Im a walking pre-existing condition, the Earth is sinking into the ocean, were about to be living in the movie Waterworld, which did terribly at the box office. People are horrible, and Im not great. She gets real quiet. My wife is a poet, like an actual poet. So, shell say one line, and then theres a lot of space. She says, I know all of that. And I think youd be a good dad. So that night, we have sex without a condom, which, if you havent tried it… by all means, give it a chance. Not with my wife, but with your partner. Its a… Its a phenomenal activity. There are videos of it online. And… But I was anxious. When we were doing it, I was like, Im not sure! Which is not sexy language. Thats right up there with Is the oven on? And… Im gonna wear my shirt. And… I was anxious, cause Id never had sex without a condom, which is a shocking thing to do for the first time. Its like going on a road trip, and halfway through the trip, the car just flies, and youre like… This is better! Theres no traffic! And we can go anywhere! And so… So its exhilarating, but also nerve-racking. The next day, I call Joe. Im like, I am freaking out, cause Im flying the car. And he says, Whats the worst thing that could happen? I said, I dont think youre following the analogy. I… Id have a kid. Is there anything I should know? He says, You cant know what its like to have a kid… until you have a kid. And I say, Can you be more specific? And he takes a long, deep breath… and he says, Its relentless. I say… I say,What do you mean by ‘relentless? He says, You know how you go to the gym and you push, and you sweat, and it sucks? I said, Yeah. He says, When you have a kid, you cant even go to the gym. And then he says, But Im not worried about you, Mike, cause whatever happens, whether you have a kid or not, its not gonna be better or worse. Its just gonna be new. So, Jen and I attempt to conceive for eight months, and it does not work, cause like I said, my body is a lemon… and my boys dont swim, which killed me, cause if Id known that in my twenties, I would have had a much better time. In my twenties… I treated my sperm like it was plutonium. Like… Dont let that sperm anywhere near those eggs! Like, thered be this infestation of tiny neurotic Mike Birbiglia toddlers, like, Why would I slide down the slide when I can walk down the steps? It turns out I do not have plutonium, I have flat soda. And, uh… And my boys dont swim, which isnt surprising. I mean, I dont swim. Uh, I… I swim, but in circles. Im always ordering hot dogs at the side of the pool. Which is not a quality you want in your sperm, that hungry, lethargic quality. You want your sperm to be like, I swim from sea to sea! Like the Ryan Lochte of sperm without all the fake robbery. But I found out… ‘Cause I… I went to Dr. Kaplan, and he asked me to masturbate into a cup. I said, Thats rude. And he said, No, its a medical procedure… called ‘masturbating into a cup. I said, If its for science, sure, I get that. Two things about masturbating into a cup at the doctors… I will limit it to two. I could talk about this for six hours. One… everybody knows whats happening. Everybody! Doctors, nurses, people in the waiting room, the UPS guy down the hall. And youre trying to play cool. Youre like, Oh, yeah,Brexit. You know what I mean? Just like… Sea levels rising rapidly. Everyones like, Youre about to ejaculate in Tupperware. And… Two. They give you porn, and its the most extreme porn I had ever seen. I was… I was like, Easy, medical porn. Like, here I was… all these years, thinking Im taking in the USDA recommended levels of porn, and theyre like… Youre gonna need a lot more than that. Youre gonna need to take a multi. And so… So I go in and I do the thing. Dr. Kaplan calls me a few days later with the results. He says, Mike, youre gonna have to come back in… and masturbate into a cup. Again? And now Im like, Is this a joke? I mean… Really, cause Im in the jokes business, -and actually… that would be a pretty good joke, -where… you convince a stranger to masturbate… into a cup, and then youre like, He did it! Theyre like, He did? Yeah, now what do we do? Ask him to do it again. Ask him to do it again? Why would he do it again? I dont know. I dont know why he did it in the first place. This whole thing is a sham! A cup, by the way, being the least conveniently shaped receptacle. One could masturbate into a cup, assumes a level of composure and accuracy… that is so rare in this activity. A cup assumes the precision of an archer, like… When, in fact, youre like, Its everywhere! Put some in the cup. Get me some gloves! And now everybody knows. And so… So I go in and I do it again. This time, I waive off the medical porn. I say, Im gonna use memory porn, cause Im a… Im a Christian. And, uh… Dr. Kaplan calls me at the office a few days later with the results. He says, Mike… If you want to get your wife pregnant, youre gonna have to have whats called a varicocele repair. Id never heard this term. He said, We cut an incision in your abdomen, we go into the vein adjoining a testicle, we squeeze out the excess blood, we patch you up, and you cant walk for about a week. I said, I dont even want to have a kid. Like, I… I had to level with him because it was escalating so rapidly, and… I was like, Dr. Kaplan, I wasnt gonna tell you this, but I dont even really want to have a kid, and now youre describing a Black Mirror episode, and I dont… I dont want to be in that one. And… Dr. Kaplan says to me something I never expected anybody to say to me as an adult, never mind a medical professional. He says, Mike, heres what they dont tell you. No men want to have kids. And I go, Thats not true. Tell me more. He said, Our wives want us to, we all go along with it. Its the best thing thatll ever happen to you. Youll call me and youll thank me. It is the most joy… you will ever experience. And I stumbled out of his office in a daze. I mean, I nearly wandered into traffic. And then, I turned around… and I walked back in, and I make an appointment for a varicocele repair. And they ask you to sign some pretty extreme forms. Like, We may accidentally cut out your balls. Im like, Do your best, Mike Birbiglia. We may replace your balls with Chinese yin and yang balls. Namaste, Mike Birbiglia. The night before the scheduled procedure, I made the mistake of going on a surgery message board. And… Oh, I know! And… Okay, a gentleman who had had this exact procedure wrote, in all caps… which I found aggressive… D– Do not have this surgery. Your p– Your penis will never work again. Also all caps. I call my doctor, in the middle of the night, and I say, Hey, I was just doing some research, and I was talking to this one guy, and he was shouting about… how his penis doesnt work. Is that possible? He goes, Mike, a lot of these people are getting this stuff done by amateurs. Which I pictured immediately, like, I like huntin, I like fishin, I do varicocele repair down in the garage. At this point, Jen didnt think it was a good idea. I didnt think it was a good idea. I remember sitting up in the middle of the night, thinking, My wife would be a great mother, and I dont want to get in the way of that. So, Ill let him tinker with my balls for a few hours. Well, tinker they did. The next morning, after several hours, I limped out of outpatient surgery. For eight days, I walked around New York City… like a cowboy in the snow. People were like, What happened? I was like, Unnecessary ball surgery. But it worked. At that point, Im shooting firebombs, slinging rockets… in every direction, laser accuracy. Everyone Im even shaking hands with is walking away pregnant. And… One of those people… was my wife. Aww. Thanks. Ill tell you, I was more excited than she was. I came back from a trip to Appleton, Wisconsin, and she said, Im pregnant. And I said, Yes! ‘Cause Id forgotten I didnt want to have a kid. I mean, thats… thats how dumb my brain is. Like, even though I didnt want to have a kid, when Jen said she was pregnant, I was like, We got a win! Like… Now, what? And… She was pregnant for about 75 months. -And Im not sure… of the exact amount of time, but it was a long duration, and it was a brutal pregnancy. It was hard for her, too. Because… There was… No, there are just a lot… there are a lot of extremes. The first one I learned about is in a womans first trimester, her hormones double… every three days. Thats so much! And… The first hint of this is when we interviewed this OB-GYN, and she seemed very sharp. We walked out, and Jen said, Shes a fucking monster! And I said, I totally agree. Shes not good at being a doctor. And that was not enough. She said, No, shes a fucking monster! And I was like, Yeah! Shes a fucking monster! And now Im screaming at the top of my lungs, in broad daylight, on the corner of 29th and 1st, about a doctor who I think is pretty good. When we get home, Jen says, Will you go to the grocery store and get me some pretzels? I said, Yeah, Ill head over there in a few minutes. And then, what happened… is that Jen starts crying the most Ive ever seen her cry in 15 years of knowing each other. I… I go, Clo, whats wrong? She says, I need the pretzels now! So, I sprint to the store like a snack-food superhero, and I take photos of three types of pretzels, and I text them to her, and she writes back, All of them! And I wrote, I saved your best friends life. My neighbor spots me photographing the pretzels. He goes, Mike, what are you doing? It was early, we werent telling people. So I had to be like, This is something Im into. I got a lot of secrets, Tony! He said, When my wife was pregnant, she craved pretzels. I said, Thats irrelevant. Thats all she could eat for a while, was pretzels. She had this awful morning sickness, and it continued into the second trimester, which is more rare. So then, were Googling, What happens when it doesnt stop? And… The internets like, That isnt a thing. And were like, But its happening. And its like, Try the other internet. And were like, There isnt one. And its like, Exactly. And then… Jen said, I found this one site that says that blowjobs can cure morning sickness. Which wasnt on WebMD. It was just… in the comment section. You know… Heroes arent always the people you expect. Its not just the firemen or the first responders. Sometimes… its a guy with a laptop and a convincing username. One night, Jen wakes me up in the middle of the night, and she says, Im bleeding. A lot. And we jump in a cab. We rush to the hospital and the doctor explains that its her placenta thats bleeding. And I said, Is it gonna be okay? And she said, Its going to bleed more, or its gonna stop bleeding. I thought, Thats like what I would say if I was pretending to be a doctor. Like,Its gonna bleed more or less! I prefer cash! The bleeding continued for weeks, and on top of the bleeding, Jen had hypermobile hips, which meant she might break or dislocate her hip during labor, which is obviously not great timing. And we were… so worried that we went to this holistic birthing education class, which wasnt a great fit, because it was too much optimism for us at that moment. The instructor was like, Whats the most exciting thing about having baby? Which is a new thing for us where they dont say the baby, theyre just like, Baby! We were like,  We just want baby to live. We dont… we dont have high hopes for this thing, cause we went to hospital, and… we spoke with doctor, and… she did test, and its touch-and-go at moment. And that… That wasnt anyone elses answer. One lady was like, I just want to hold baby skin-to-skin. And one lady is like, I just want to see the world through babys eyes. And I was like, See the world through babys eyes? How did you make this about you? Its another person! Now youve invented this futuristic eye surgery? Get a hold of yourself! What happens if the baby is blind? Feel so bad for himself, like, My mom only had me for my babys eyes. They dont even work! At one point, the instructor says, When baby comes out, theyll try to take her away and check her vitals… but dont let them. I was like, I think Im gonna let them. Theyre called vitals, not optionals. I think I might go with the grain on that one. One night, we were walking home from birthing class, and Jen starts making out with me, because the same hormone that causes hypermobile hips causes some people to crave sex. And so, we got home, we have this magically pregnant sex with all these contractions and these very loose hips. It was like having sex with Space Mountain. I was like… Hold on! We were both so worried that any moment, she might give birth into my penis, which… they never discussed in birthing class. Like, I just want to see penis through babys eyes. In the third trimester, the bleeding stopped, which was a huge relief, and the morning sickness went away. And Jen started eating like a college freshman. Just hot dogs, and ice cream, and mayonnaise. At one point, shes eating three hot dogs, all at once. Shes a vegetarian. And… She looks up at me… and she says, I feel like I understand you now. I said, I think thats the most offensive thing youve ever said to me. Is that… is that how you have viewed me all these years? Just… this ogre who swallows buckets of hot dogs, and ice cream, and mayonnaise? Yeah, thats a part of me, but thats… thats not the whole picture. One morning, we were lying on the couch, and were sharing a pint of double peanut-butter chocolate-chip ice cream, and Im rubbing Jens shoulders, and she says, Its hard for me to breathe, or speak, or move. I said, That really limits your options. Thats… Thats my big three. She said, I feel… like a mammal. I said, Youve always been a mammal. Were both mammals. And, uh… But what do you want to do? She said, I want to go to the Museum of Natural History… with the other mammals. So thats what we did. We went to the Museum of Natural History. And I… and I took photos of Jen with her exposed pregnant belly, next to porpoises, and walruses, and narwhals, and dolphins. Then we get to the big blue whale. And she says, I want you to know… I know you never wanted to have a kid, and I want to make sure this doesnt change the way we live our lives. And I said, Thanks. And the next morning, at 10:04 a.m., our daughter was born. Which is a reality-bending experience, because two colossal events occurred simultaneously. One is that a human being enters the Earth. And the second is that my wife, this person I love and cherish and know better than anyone, in front of my eyes, becomes a mother. And I… pretty much stayed the same. And that was really the strangest part, because Im watching this go down, and Im thinking, Thats nuts. I dont know what I could possibly do to help. I guess Ill just write an email to anyone weve ever met, which is the chief responsibility of the dad. The mom births a living fire hydrant through her vagina, and the dad knocks out an email to his list. She does the physical. And I do the clerical. I forgot to write the email. And… Not proud of it. Uh… I was stunned for those first ten hours by the trippy hospital lights, and chlorine smell, and Im wearing the art school smock, and the shower cap. At a certain point, they hand me this monkey. And Im like, But were humans. And theyre like, This is what it is. And then Im like, Can we speak with a manager? And theyre like, There isnt one. And Im like, Thats the problem. Theres no accountability. And… And then you have to take it home. I mean, its completely frowned upon to leave it there. And… They tried to dress it up. Theyre like, Well put a striped blanket on it, and a beanie. Well make it look like E.T. You can give it a name. So we… so we called her Oona. Which means one. As in, Were only having one. Ive been very clear. And then, we bring home this monkey. And she wouldnt sleep for a year. And thats when I remembered I didnt want to have a kid. Its a little bit like this… where people send you… all this crap! Theyre like, This is a chair that shakes the baby! This is a blanket that smothers the baby! This is a Magic Sleepsuit! This is an actual item. A Magic Sleepsuit! Youre so desperate for your child to sleep… youll believe… in magic! And thats not all! Theres the Boppy! Theres the Breast Friend, which is what I thought I was! Theres this worm! Theres bibs, and balls, and binkies, and Slumber Buddies, and a Baby Shusher, which is an owl that tells you to stop talking. Theres a Moses basket in case you want to ship your baby down a river. Theres rattles, and a rainstick in case your babys a shaman. And none of it works! Everybody tries to give you advice. Theyre like, Have you tried sounds of the ocean? Im like… Yes, weve tried sounds of the ocean! Have you tried massaging her legs? Yes, weve tried massaging her legs! She should be sleeping. I know she should be sleeping! My wife hasnt slept in weeks! Though Im sleeping pretty well, because… Well, I had a doctors note. As you know… I have a rare and dangerous sleep disorder. And… And Jen… and Jen… Jen and I were… Jen and I were both very worried about this. We went to my sleep doctor after Oona was born, and we said, Is this dangerous? And he goes, Oh, yeah! He said there are people who have REM behavior disorder who have dreams their son is a football, and they kick them through the goalposts, which are above the fireplace. And I said, I wish you hadnt put that image in my brain, but I see your point. He said, One thing you might consider is sleeping in a separate room from your wife and daughter, and installing a chain lock from the inside. So we did that. And then, to supplement the sleeping bag, I created a fitted sleep sheet, that fits me into my mattress. I cut out a hole for my head and one for my wife, though she never used it, and then… I secured the sheet under the mattress with a rope… and a camping clasp. And so, now, Im like a relatable Hannibal Lecter. And… This is real. And, uh… Yeah, I brought this from home. This is a double-sided zipper, in case Im suffocating. So, thats fun. And, uh.. I made this. I took it to the tailor on my corner. And I said, Can you make more of these? And he said, No! And he walked me out of the store, cause he clearly thought it was some kind of S&M sex sheet for Orthodox Jews, which it isnt. Its a… Its a homemade medical device. You might remember that we also have a cat. And, uh, her name is Mazzy, and she was a street cat. And so, she wakes us up every morning by scratching our faces, which is, I believe, a survival instinct from the streets, but in a domestic setting, its much less charming and can be dangerous. You cant have that around an infant, so we locked Mazzy in the bedroom with me. You can see where this is going. And so, every morning, she wakes me up by scratching my face, but I cant protect myself, cause my arms are bound by the sheet. Im like, Outta here, street cat! Nobody wanted you! And shes like, Well, well, well! Cats got your arms! And… If you have a cat, you know that we had to keep the litter bin in the locked bedroom. In the first week, I forgot to scoop the litter, and Mazzy peed on this linen chair. I dont know if youve smelled cat pee… but its a little bit like if regular pee… took a shit. Its… Its the most… rancid smell.   Before… Before we had Oona, Jen said to me, This baby isnt gonna change the way… we live… our lives. And I feel like it has. -Because… I sleep in a straitjacket… in a room that is chain-locked from the inside, filled with cat litter dust and super pee, and every morning, Im awoken by a wild animal… that is trying to murder me in my sleep. I feel like this baby has changed the way we live our lives. One morning, Im walking home from Rite Aid with cat litter and diapers, and I walk into our apartment, and Jen is crying on the couch a lot, like pretzels level. And I say, Clo, whats wrong? And she says, Oona is never gonna be in my belly again. Thats how close Jen and Oona were. One day, I found this. This is a… a short poem that Jen had written. This is one of her actual poetry notebooks. This is called Little Astronaut. A newborn rests her head on the earth of mother. Everything else is outer space. This is the most profound level of love… I had ever witnessed. And I was there, too. Its almost like I didnt know what nothing meant until I became a dad. And then, I was like, Oh, thats what nothing is. I was so nothing. I was this pudgy, milkless vice-president of the family. Huge title, no power. Also oversees Congress. My whole job… was to be around and have no opinions. Like, if I expressed a hint of an opinion, everyone was like, Whats that? Id be like, I was just mumbling to myself… about the news. Like… I was the intern of my own family. I was like, Does anyone need coffee? Ill clean up your crap. Someday, I hope to be a member of the family. And… I was a good intern. I showed up on time, I worked hard, but it would always be junior level activities. Jen would put Oona down for a nap, stick her in the stroller and say, Take her for a walk, and when she wakes up, return immediately. So I would do that. When I wasnt interning, I was on the road, in every Applebees with a dream. And one night, Im in Weatherford, Oklahoma, which is a direct flight from nowhere, which is why, after the show, I drove a rental car four-and-a-half hours down to Dallas. I caught the first flight in the morning, but we were delayed from thunderstorms all… all day, so… After 26 hours of travel, I walk in our apartment at 1:00 a.m., and I make my way through the living room. And Im drenched, and exhausted, and empty. And I get… to the couch. And Oona is asleep… on the couch. And I tiptoe into the kitchen. And I say, Clo, its not a big deal, but thats my couch. Jen says, Great news. Thats where Oona likes to sleep. I said, I totally get it. As a short-term solution, I think thats phenomenal, but long-term, I think Oona should sleep in a crib. Jen said, We decided that Oona doesnt like to sleep in a crib. I said, Whos in ‘we? She said, Me and Oona. I said, Im not in ‘we anymore? Im a founding member of ‘we. It is a shocking revelation when you are evicted… from your own life. So I decide Im gonna win back my wife… from my daughter. The next day, were strolling Oona through the park, and I said, I was thinking we should set aside one night a week and get a babysitter. And Jen looked at me like I was suggesting we sell Oona into slavery, and then, Oona starts screaming, like the meanest heckler Ive ever encountered. Like, a heckler not only hates what Im saying, but every word individually in any context, and… Jen looks at me and says, Oona doesnt like it when we talk. This baby isnt gonna change the way we live our lives… but she doesnt like it when we talk. And then she started to talk when she was six months old. Jen said, Hi! And then, Oona said, Hi. And I said, Hi! And Oona said… When she was eight months old, Jen wrote this… An infant reaches for something. I dont know what. Pushes it farther away and cries in frustration each time she reaches, without realizing she is crawling for the first time. She is just like her father. Thats a poetry burn. And… When she was 13 months old, she was teething. As far as we could tell, she was growing 234 teeth. The only time she wouldnt scream was when she was suckling my wifes boob with her freaky shark teeth. One morning, were at the kitchen table, and Oona is just sucking all the life, and food, and energy out of my wife. Which is what I want to do. But I cant, cause Im doing the dishes. She says, Youre doing a great job. And I say, Thanks. Sometimes, Im not sure. She says, Not you. Cool! Two hours later, Jen has to pee, and she hands Oona to me. The moment I take her, it was like holding the angriest thing Id ever held. It was like… it was like holding my dad. She was like… I was like, How do you think I feel? I dont know what Im doing. I dont know anything. At that moment, the church bells on our corner start chiming the song Ave Maria. And she stops crying. Looks up. Starts bobbing her head. I said, I know. Its a classic. Shes bobbing her head, and Im thinking, Shes got a really good rhythm. Maybe she could be a drummer, or a DJ, or an agreeable person. Maybe thisll help her sleep. She wont need the Slumber Buddies, or the Dream Dust, or the… Magic Sleepsuit. And the song ends. Shes looking at me, and Im looking at her, and we both know… its about to go down. So, I go… ? Ave Maria ? ? Ave ? ? Maria ? I dont know the words, and so I go… ? There will be a Jesus ? ? In your womb ? ? Its actually a pretty big honor ? ? Its more like an Oscar than an Emmy ? Eventually, I run out of lyrics, and shes staring at me, and Im bracing myself, and she looks me in the eyes and says, Dada. Aww. For that moment, I was the pudgy, milkless vice-president with record high approval ratings for no reason. Ten hours later, Im back on the road, but this time, I have the flu. And when I get the flu, it is worse than when other people get the flu. Im backstage at the Byham Theater in Pittsburgh. Im lying on the floor in the darkness. My cheek is pushed up against the cold tile, my throat feels like Ive swallowed broken glass, and the tour manager opens the door a crack. He says, Mike, we have to start. And I roll off the floor, and I hobble onto the stage. I didnt know what to do. I was looking at the audience like Im looking at you now, thinking, Should I tell them? Like, what would Springsteen do? Like, This might take the fun out of ‘Im on Fire… but my ass is on fire. Here we go! Everyone would be, like, Bruce, no! I made it through, but the next morning, Im even sicker. And Im driving home, I pull over to Starbucks, I dont mean to be crude, to use the restroom aggressively. Which I believe is the rudest thing one can do at someones place of business. Theyre like, Weve got muffins, we can make you a latte. -Youre like, Thats all well and good… but what Im gonna do… is go into this private room you have in the back and unload the most vile substance my bodys been able to conjure in 39 years of existence. Then Im gonna leave and Im not gonna purchase anything. And Im gonna drive as far away from this location as physically possible to forget this ever happened. Do you have the code? So now… Now Im driving, Im sweaty and flu-ish. After seven hours, I walk into our apartment, I collapse on our beloved couch, and it hugs me. Jen walks in, who has the sweetest, softest, thread-counted voice. And says, Get the fuck off the couch! I said… I said, Clo, I have the flu. She said, If Oona gets the flu, Im gonna be up all night holding her until my arm is numb, using the other arm to rummage through the darkness for the baby Tylenol and the thermometer. And Ive tried to make it so this doesnt change the way we live our lives. I dont wake you up, I change the diapers, I give her baths, but right now, youre in the way. You tell that story about me breastfeeding at the kitchen table, and the only part that isnt true… is that you do the dishes. I roll off the couch, and I walk into my dungeon, and I lock the door.2 And I get into my straitjacket… and I cant believe my own thought. I think, I get why Dads leave. And Im only comfortable saying that, because Im not gonna leave. I love my wife. And where would I go? Whos gonna zip up my sleeping bag? Im not gonna be out on the town, like, What do you say we get out of here, and you put on my mittens? Do you mean a condom? Not exactly. Im comfortable saying it, cause Im not gonna leave, but for the first time in my life, I get it. And I know thats a sensitive subject. especially if your dad left. But if your dad left, I want you to know it is not because of you. Its because… you exist. And Im gonna clarify that, cause its a very subtle distinction. Its not because of your personality, or that you dont deserve love. Its that your dad maybe didnt want to be a dad, and he doesnt understand causality that well. And now, youre alive. And I think thats great. So who cares if your dads around, cause who needs a guy like that anyway? That said… I get it. Because this person who I have sworn to spend the rest of my life with, this person who Ive spent thousands of hours on a couch with, who has saved my best friends life… is in the greatest love affair of her entire life that Im watching through a window. And all day, people come up to me and they say, Is it the most joy youve ever experienced? And I have to say, Its the most joy. I didnt know what joy was… until now. And now I know what it is. Its this. Im literally empty bones, and garbage, and Diet Coke, and people say, Are you full? I have to say, Im so full. So I fall asleep and I have the best sleep Ive had in a year, because Ive accidentally locked Mazzy out of the bedroom. And in the morning, I wake up and I open the door, and I smell the most unmistakable, heinous stench, because Mazzy has peed all over the couch. – Oh. -I know. So, I order a pizza… to compete with the smell, and when the delivery guy shows up, I pay him $20 to carry the couch with me out to the street. And thats where it died. Im in the bedroom for four days with the flu, and on the fifth day, I wander out at 4:30 in the morning. And I wander into the kitchen. And I do the dishes. And I enjoy it. That week, Jen started writing poems for Oona for when she gets older, and I found… this. Oona… in our house, there is always a congregation of ants summiting around a noodle, or carrying their weight in popcorn across the kitchen floor. And in the sink, there is always a pile of dishes. But this morning, your father… did the dishes. And it made me want to fuck him. And Id like to think that was for me. That week, we took Oona… to a department store, and she spots this couch. It was blue. My wife thinks its green. I looked it up… Lagoon. Oona loves the couch. She goes, Couch! Wug! Piwwow! Shes a genius. The three of us sit on the couch in the department store. Oona is hiding behind each of us. And we go, Wheres Oona? Wheres Oona? Shes clinging into my back as I spin. The more she clings, the more Im committing. Like… Where is Oona? Where is she? And she starts laughing so hard, like the hardest Ive ever seen anyone laugh in my whole life, and Im in the jokes business. At this idea that shes tricking us, the people in power, the people who know everything. Shes fooled us completely, at least this once. And look, I know shes gonna grow up and find out that the Earth is sinking into the ocean, and we might have to live in an almond milk jug in Pennsylvania, -and… people can be horrible, but as Im staring at this monkey on a couch, I feel like she might be one of the people who changes that trajectory. Shes laughing so hard that I start laughing in a new… way, from my perspective, and Jens perspective, and Oonas perspective all at once. Were laughing… as one. And in that moment, I feel… full. Ive seen the world… through babys eyes. ? I wanna get better ? ? Ave Maria ? ? Gratia Plena ? Thanks. – -Thank you, guys! ? Ave Maria ? Thank you! ? Gratia Plena ? ? Ave Maria ? ? Gratia Plena ? ? There will be a Jesus in your womb ? ? Its actually a pretty big honor ? ? Its more like an Oscar than an Emmy ? ? Yeah ? ? There will be a Jesus in your womb ? ? Its actually a pretty big honor ? ? Its more like an Oscar than an Emmy ? -? Yeah ? – ? I wanna get better ? ? I didnt know I was lonely Till I saw your face ? ? I wanna get better ? ? Better, better, better I wanna get better ? ? I didnt know I was broken Till I wanted to change ? ? I wanna get better ? ? Better, better, better I wanna get better ? ? Ave Maria ? ? Gratia Plena ? ? Ave Maria ? ? Gratia Plena ? ? There will be a Jesus in your womb ? ? Its actually a pretty big honor ? ? Its more like an Oscar than an Emmy ? ? Yeah ? ? There will be a Jesus in your womb ? ? Its actually a pretty big honor ? ? Its more like an Oscar than an Emmy ? -? Yeah ? – ? I wanna get better ? ? I didnt know I was lonely Till I saw your face ? ? I wanna get better ? ? Better, better, better I wanna get better ? ? I didnt know I was broken Till I wanted to change ? ? I wanna get better ? ? Better, better, better I wanna get better ? ? Ave Maria ? ? Gratia Plena ? ? Ave Maria ? ? Gratia Plena ? ? Ave Maria ? ? Gratia Plena ? ? Ave Maria ? ? Gratia Plena ? ? Ave Maria ? ? Gratia Plena ?

ILIZA SHLESINGER@UNVEILED@2019@Thank you, Nashville! Thank you. So this year was a really important year for me because I got… Thank you. I appreciate that. I appreciate that reciprocity. I said something positive, you gave me positivity back. I was like, I got married, and you were like, Thats great. How old is she? But like, you went… …for it. I think sometimes as women were afraid to share good personal news with people. Because were afraid that other women wont be happy for us. What a scathing note -to start a special out on. But all too often you say something good like, I got married, and what Ill get back is like… Amazing. I am here running on a platform to eradicate the usage of the word… amazing… …from our female vocabularies because I know what amazing means. Okay? Girls, when you say amazing, I know you dont mean amazing. Okay, so save it for your boyfriends. They are not paying attention. I know what amazing means. When a woman says amazing, what she actually means is, This isnt about me and I dont care and Im a little insecure but I wanna make sure Im being a good feminist and saying ‘amazing back when in actuality its boring. Amazing. -Thats what that means. Amazing. Weve become like robots just like, Amazing, amazing, amaz… – Amazing. Its amazing. Because in the wake of Me Too and Times Up, all of these important, very necessary movements, whats come out of it is women policing other women and we walk around terrified as women of being called bad feminists by quite frankly other bad feminists. So we all walk around on this heightened alert like, Shes amazing. I didnt say anything. Dont get mad at me. I love all women. No womans ever made a mistake. White jeans are always a great choice. -Slay, queen. Terrified. Terrified. That if we give an actual opinion, were going to get crucified. That if you say any criticism, some blogger in the back of the room is like… Female comic shamed my choices by existing. She hurt my fee-fees. Thats what happens. So we all walk around and all were doing is blaming other women for our own insecurities and all of a sudden everyones shaming everyone by sharing an opinion that you fought so valiantly to get to exercise. Youre shaming her. Youre shaming her. Im not. She fucked up my coffee order. No personal agenda. I asked her to make it again. This is why China is beating us. Okay? Im a real feminist. I judge you on the asshole that you are, we go from there. Thats what it should be. Okay? Thats what it should be. You liking another woman should not be mandated. Thats not feminism, thats communism. Okay? This idea that just because she showed up Im supposed to have this abundant love, I can promise you this as a feminist. Im excited you showed up. Im excited youre capable. I do not hate you because youre younger than me or prettier than me or as successful. However, you showed up and so did I so lets get it started cause lifes a competition. -Like, lets do it that way. Okay? And I know other women feel the same way, not just because youre laughing at what Im saying, but if you look at the language that women consistently use to uphold one another, the language is aggressive. ‘Cause women are aggressive, were just not allowed to show it because likability and wrinkles. So we keep everything… But were aggressive, look at the words we use on our slay all day tote bags and our feminists with to-do lists neckerchiefs. Look at the words. Youre killing it. Im gonna kill you. Shes slaying it. Ill slay you in the fucking streets. Murdering it. Wrecking it. Shutting it down in the name of the dark lord! Like everything. Its just on fire. Its exhausting. I dont have, at 36, the full energy every time I see a woman to be like… Kill it, queen! Mama. Amazing! ‘Cause Im so tired from doing all the other shit society told me to do. So if I see you, youre not going to get the full welcome bouquet, but its not personal. The most youre going to get out of me is just… So I got married and I married a chef, another thing that I was reticent to tell people because of our countrys preconceived notions about chefs and everybody has an opinion on food. Everyone you know, you say, I married a chef. Theyre like… I am a chef, sort of. I film myself, I make it. I put my hand in the water! Im in to cooking. I have a food blog, Im a foodie. Nope, youre just huge. Its not… youre not a foodie. Its not the same. I love food. Im like, Me too when Im drunk at 3:00 a.m. and theres a taco truck, ‘Im a foodie, but its not the same thing. No, I have a blog. I write mean comments in a Yelp page. Im hoping to get a series picked up -based off of it. I love… I take pictures of my spaghetti with a flash so it looks like a snuff film. Pro tip: dont take a picture of your food. Period. But dont take a picture of your food with a flash. It makes the food look like a hostage. The food always looks scared. Like, take a picture of spaghetti with a flash, the spaghetti looks like, its like, Please unchain me, I wont tell anyone. I promise to be loyal. Everyones involved with food now. I think its because of the Food Network, the ubiquity of these cooking shows. Everyone loves cooking and the Food Network, even if you havent seen the Food Network, youve seen the Food Network, right? -Like, weve all seen Chopped, right? Yeah. Inside your wicker basket, youll find a severed head and a grape, make a frittata. Yes. And everyones a celebrity chef now. Everyones like a celebrity chef. You cant just be a chef. When I was little, I dont remember any boy saying they wanted to be chefs. There were no celebrity chefs. There were like a couple of them. When your parents were kids, there were like three fat French guys -and Julia Child and like that was it. You werent a chef, you were a cook and you were a cook on accident. You were a cook cause dudes were coming home from Vietnam, we didnt know what PTSD was yet, theyre like, Bobs acting weird. Stick him in the back. Female comic makes scathing social commentary -about our nations treatment of veterans. Accurate but hurtful. And because of how many food shows there are out there, the Food Network knows what kind of chefs you like to watch, so they cast the same archetypes of chefs, right? So theres always like a bad boy chef and I didnt want people to think I was married to that. Like just a sack of rage, fully tattooed piece of shit. This is a devils tooth, heres your crepe, suck my dick, Karen! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! These are gauges in my ears, they also measure out an ounce of responsibly-sourced tuna, eat my butt, Susan! Just tough. Yeah, wallet chain. I keep a knife in my truck to do a fine chop on parsley, lick it. Just tough. Theres always a bad boy chef and theres always a lesbian chef. Theres always a lesbian chef that takes cooking, like, a little too seriously… for this to be an enjoyable viewing experience. Theyre always posted up, feet hip-width apart, like… Yes, chef! Youre like, Okay. Can you just stand down? Thank you for your dinner service, but just relax. I make vegan wedding cakes. You need to chill out. This is so aggressive, right? Theyre always tough. She always got a faux hawk and a bandanna. And food-related tattoos. Like salt, pepper, sugar. Like, yeah. Right? Theyre always like meaty. Always a… Always a little mean-looking, right, but she always got a dainty name, like Charity cause her parents werent counting on having a pit bull for a daughter. Chef Charity, what would you do if you won todays episode? I would take that money so me and my girlfriend, Steph… Its always Steph. Theres no tough lesbians out there like, Hey there. Stephanie. Me and my girlfriend, Steph, take that money, move upstate, open up our own bakery and bake everything from snatch. And then… Okay. Okay. There you are. There you are. Not such a proper Southern crowd, are we? I always like to see where my audience has like gerrymandered its ethics for the evenings performance. Most of you laugh, theres always a couple people in the back, like… She said snatch so close to Sunday. No. No, maam. I am uncomfortable. Its unholy. We got four churches on every corner, but I feel uncomfortable. Female comic makes commentary on social topography of neighborhood, cant tell what audience is cheering for. Okay… So we went on our honeymoon and my husband really wanted to go to Italy. Really wanted to go. I didnt want to go. I didnt want to go cause Id been. I wanted to go other places, but he wanted to go because hes a chef and Italy is like a food mecca, so he wanted to make his hajj. So he wanted to go to Italy and I said yes, not because I love him but because you can find alcohol pretty much anywhere. So we go and he nerded out. He made a map, a real eat-seeking map of the whole… country. And we didnt do the tourist stuff. We went to like the foodie, cheffy places. We went to the region where they grow the grapes that the goats eat. The special goats and they take a dump and it makes the fertilizer that makes the mushrooms. If you eat them, you get detained. Like we did a whole thing. And on, like, day five, I was like, I cant… I cant do this anymore. I cant eat any more. I want to pick something. I cannot be carted around anymore like a prize pig. -I want to pick… I want to participate in this. I want to pick the restaurant and I want to order in Italian. My husband goes, You want to pick the restaurant and order in Italian? I was like, Yeah, Ive seen Lady and the Tramp, like, I know whats going on. The picking of the restaurant wasnt that important to me. It was speaking Italian in a restaurant was important to me for one simple fact. I didnt like the idea that as an American I would walk into some random part of Italy into a random restaurant and have some random Italian waiter think that I expected him, in his own country, to speak English, okay? Yeah. Although he probably should, like that or Spanish or Mandarin, like something along those… So… But Im hyperaware of how were perceived when we travel. As an American and I am very, very proud to be an American, I know that people are watching us. Yeah, you can cheer for that. Thats fine. They have questions. A lot of them hate us cause they aint us and they want… a reason to discount you and that goes for whoever you are, whatever you look like from anywhere. When you travel abroad and you fuck up, people will decide, Oh, all of your kind are like that. And I couldnt stomach that cause I am so proud to be an American and I wanted him to think all the great things about Americans that we already think about ourselves. So I wanted… to walk in and have him think that were educated and open-minded and kind and if Im shitcanned and embarrassing in public, I want people to know Im Canadian and Im sorry. So Im all set to speak Italian. Ive got the, like, translator thing. Im all ready to go, he hands me a menu and its a steakhouse. Im like, Im gonna do this. Itll be flawless Italian. Itll be so impressive. Everyone will be impressed. Theyre gonna vote me mayor of Italy. Open it up… And I open the menu and all of their steaks were listed… in grams. Theres a 500 gram steak. What the fuck is a gram? I was so busy focusing on coming off looking amazing and the conjugation and the pronunciation, I forgot the rest of the world uses metric to measure. The rest of the world uses fucking logic. Tens, one hundreds. Yes! We here in the United States, we like to measure based… on a dream. And Im staring at this 500 gram steak and the waiters looking at me, my new husbands looking at me and Im trying to do the conversion math in my head where my only frame of reference was like, Okay. Well, a gram of cocaine is like that much. Okay, you know what? Were just gonna do an eight ball of steak. For the table. Yeah. Thank you. Grazie mille. I love it, Nashville turned up for that cocaine joke. Oh, yeah. I heard a lot of guys laughing. Dont let the Vineyard Vines fool you, I fucking love rails! I may have little whales embroidered on my shorts but I like to fuck and party. Yeah. You can seersucker my dick. Love the South. So I got married about a year ago. Ive had about a year to think on it, ruminate on it, marinate on it, and I think whats fascinating about getting married is its one of the few acts you can go through in this lifetime where once you do it once you come out the other end an expert. Totally omniscient, you know everything. You do it once, you come out the other end, you know everything about weddings, every detail. The problem is nobody wants your shitty wedding advice. Like no one. Other women will ask you advice as a way of ingratiating themselves or perhaps bonding with you. We as women are often taught if we act like we dont know whats going on and we need help other people will find us more palatable. So you say to other women, like… You got married? Im getting married. I dont know whats going on. What color is white? Is my foot in a bear trap? Help me! And the other woman thinking shes helping you and doing something right, shes like, Oh, okay. You want advice, great. Okay, so for my wedding, what I found helpful… But the whole time shes talking, all youre sitting there thinking is, Oh, my God, that is a tacky-ass wedding, youre a dumb hooker. -The whole time. -Yeah. Because every girl thinks every other girl kind of fucked it up -and youll do better. You wont, and on that note, Ive come humbly offering some wedding advice to you, Nashville. One thing you must know, the wedding industry is not designed to bring two loving souls together under the State and/or God, it is designed to extract your money from your wallet, pit you against other women and make you feel like garbage fire. -Thats what its there for. Okay? Theres a litany of requirements, social, cultural, traditional. All these things, everythings got a price tag, everything takes up time and Ill tell you what, I paid for my wedding personally. So you can best believe I took a red Sharpie and went down that list of bullshit and if it didnt involve me taking off my shoes, drinking tequila or listening to Garth Brooks, we did not fucking do it. Yes. Thats right, Nashville. The theme of my wedding was feminism. No one had a good time. But theres all these things, all these requirements, all these traditions, these things, and I took a comedians microscopic lens to each thing and was like, Is it weird? Were not doing it. So the first thing I refused to do, I would not wear a garter, okay? Okay. Okay. Some of you cheered, some of you were like, Im still wearing mine. Whats up? -What the fuck is up, Hollywood? Im glad that not everyone cheered for that because it sets up my next point perfectly. Okay? Its important to me that me and my audience be on the same mental page for the rest of the set. Okay, right now in 2019, more than it was five minutes ago, right now, its the best time its ever been to be a woman in most states. -Its the best time. I said it, I meant it. -The best time. Okay? But overall, we are the most heard, the loudest in our message, the most unified. However, with this newfound sense of feminism, I have noticed that theres this weird splinter-faction of feminists, of women who get angry at other women when they deign to disagree with an opinion and then its not enough to agree to disagree. They want you fucking dead. -I am talking drawn and quartered in a Twitter town square. Because you hurt their feelings. So I get up here… As a joke. No harm intended. Its a funny time, and I get up here and Im like, Dont wear a garter, its trashy, and I get that same blogger in the back of the room, like, Female comic shamed my wedding-day choices and I dont have the social wherewithal to confront her in person so Im just going to hurl these insult turds -from behind a faceless avatar. -So… So, since were all so hurt and gutless all the time, Im going to stick to my initial notion. You look like a saloon hooker. Okay? -Go get married at a Six Flags. Girls, theres got to be a middle ground where someone disagrees with you and you get the fuck over it. -Okay? You dont have to hate her. Dont have to hold on to it. One womans affirmation of her life choices is not the negation of your existence. -Be better than that. Okay? Yeah. We cant walk around calling ourselves queens. Im a queen. She doesnt like my top! -Who cares? Move the fuck on. And you know who does this better? Men. They agree to disagree all the time and theyre fine. You see it all the time. Guys like, Hes my best friend. I dont like his politics and hes stupid. -Hes a son of a bitch, but… I love him. We didnt get along at first. We went out back. We had a drink. We fought. We had a little bit of sex and we were good to go. -Good to go! Thats what we must do, girls. Just move on. You want to wear a garter, wear it. Im not going to be at your wedding, you wear it with pride. -I want to see… I want to see every one of your wedding pictures, you, garter on, dress hiked up, holding a shotgun, like… -$5,000 reward, sepia tone. Like thats… Remember sepia tone? Whats a garter? Some of you might be wondering. Perhaps youre from the future where theyve eradicated this practice. A garter is a Barbie doll scrunchie… …forged of the finest polyester lace. Comes in one size. Shame. And you, on your wedding day, among the one million things youre in charge of, girls, are also tasked with taking this fucking NuvaRing… …and hoisting it up your leg. God forbid on the wedding day we give women a break with the body-image issues. And be like, Oh, what? That goose-choker? That lap-band for a chinchilla? Yeah, you could just… You can just wear that at the ankle, thats fine. You can just wear that where everything tapers. No! You got to get it up. Get it up here. To this thick-ass traffic jam. Of just ice-cold fat and skin and dinner, -just thick. I live in L.A. Theyre like, You can freeze it off if you dont like it. Im like, Ive done North Dakota winters. -It did not go anywhere. Female comic shames her own thigh and in doing so makes millions of women question their own thighs. Why cant you love your thighs? -Because I am a white woman, okay? -We dont know. We havent figured that out. Women of color for a couple years now have been like, This is a thigh. And societys been like, That is a thigh. We celebrate it. White women somehow, were still like, Uh-uh, Im gonna shave it down. -Im gonna make it small. Be small. Im gonna fuse my rib cage to my shin. -Be cage and shin. Snip, snip. You wont even see it. Im the crab woman. You wont even know it. No thighs, cant see them. Cant be big. No thighs. If I walk, Im gonna put my thighs in the background, put my tits in the foreground and walk around like this. From here to here, I am a woman, but from here to here I want to be a ten-year-old Japanese boy. Thin! And it never looks nice. Your leg has to be the length of your body… …for it to look nice. You look down, you finally get it up there, youre like, It looks like I put a mini tennis skirt on a Christmas ham. It hurts. And its tight. Of course, its tight. Its a garter. Its meant to hold up clothing. And right now all its holding up is that blood flow. Blood, like, trying to get to the artery. -Youre like… Your skin is just… …MoonPieing out on either side. Youre staring down at your corpulent leg -as it pulsates. With stagnant blood. Its turning a light shade of blue. Youre like, Im the night queen. I dont know. -What is this? You dont have time to ponder the deadening of your leg. You dont have time. You got to get yourself over to the dance floor, sweet tits. Thats right. You gotta get yourself over to the dance floor where you and your new husband are going to perform a weird, -sexual garter-removal dance… …in front of your family! -Your mother is there! Youre sitting there spread-eagle, shes like, Ill get it on tape, Ill be there for the conception. This is excellent. Your father is there and he loves you, girls, but he is tapped out. Hes like… Yeah, fuck her, I dont know. Hes a good guy and this is good shrimp. Its good shrimp. Its a cash bar, but theyre trying. So you got to get over there for that dance. So you go to the dance floor, -you drag your now purple… …stump over to… -…a single chair. -A single chair that has been ominously placed in the center of the dance floor. You are meant to sit in this chair… …my child. -Sit down. And youre like, Sit, okay. I wasnt planning on enjoying myself, but okay. Sit in the chair? Well, thats easier said than done, isnt it? ‘Cause youre a bride like me or a bride that chose a dress that was form over function. -Your dress is tight. Youre a bride like me that perhaps chose a dress that was a size, maybe half a size too small, right? ‘Cause you told yourself you were gonna lose the weight for the wedding, but you didnt lose the weight, did ya? -No. No, in fact, you gained two pounds just trying. -Yeah. So that dress is tight and you are trying to make yourself thin and compact in the moment, right? You got all your carry-on luggage up here. Trying to extend the torso, tuck in the tailbone, -protecting the spine, moving with breath. All the way down, slowly, slowly. Youre like that goat in the cage in that first Jurassic Park like… How does she work that noise into every special? Slowly lowering yourself down, praying to God that you dont experience the one female-specific sartorial mishap theres no coming back from. When youre a woman, theres a lot that can go wrong. You snap a heel. You have an accident on your period. Your bra strap, whatever. But none is more embarrassing than the horror of going to sit down and having the back of your dress burst open. ‘Cause it couldnt contain your lady meat. You wont like me when Im married. I dont think the Hulk threw his shit, but… – …this Hulk does. So you finally sit down, right? You go down to the hem of your skirt, its time to show off that $2.45 investment, right? You gotta show off that garter. You go to lift up the hem and thats when you realize you only put on fake tanner to the knee. Ill be brave. Blinded… No! So you put your little white-orange Dreamsicle leg out there. Right? And you sit there and you wait and I believe what is to come next is ostensibly your first real test as a married couple. But, of course, the onus is on the woman to pass this test because its on you, girls, to sit there and remain facially-excited… …and turned on at your new choice in mate, as your new husband emerges from the smoke of the DJ lights. And youre just sitting there like… Thats my baby. Thats who I might have a family with. His tuxedo jacket is off, so you as the bride are treated to this sweat map of South America. And you have to sit there ladylike but also excited, but also demure, but also horny. And sit there while your new husband goes under your dress… This is the most expensive dress youre probably ever going to wear. …and hes rooting around under it. Like a ghost schnauzer. Youre like, Thats my husband. He now must remove the garter but according to weird wedding tradition hes not allowed to use his hands. What must he use, Nashville? Teeth! So he gets under there, slides his five-oclock shadow… …up your five-oclock shadow. The viscous exchange of Drakkar Noir with Bath & Body Works Plumeria. Gets up here around this side hustle. Clamps down on that garter with, lets hope, wolf-like precision. Slides it down your sweaty fucking ham hock… …to the ground and then he eats it. I dont know what happens. Ive never watched the full YouTube video. Okay. So, no garter. And I did not want to wear a veil over my face. Its okay. Piercing deafening silence. -One sad whoo in the back, its fine. One girls like, Whoo, Im still gonna do it. Thats fine. Youll get on board eventually. I dont like the idea that as a… What I want… I dont like the notion that because Im a woman and its tradition, my vision of a current situation… …let alone an important one… …should ever be obfuscated in the name of tradition, expectation or fashion. Okay, I cant see. This is an important day and Im fucking over here like John Cena. You Cant See Me. What is this? Watching the whole thing through gauze? I planned… I planned this part of the wedding. I planned the whole wedding, okay? If youre a girl, you had a lot to do with it and you dont get to see it. Homeboy did nothing. And because hes a boy, he gets an unencumbered 360-view of the entire service. Im sitting here in a bridal hurt locker. The girl did everything. Female comic assumes gender-roles. Fuck, yeah. Only women have a bandwidth for this kind of bullshit. She did everything. Youre the one that for the past year has been clawing at your mother like, Its buttercream, not French vanilla, theres a difference! Youre the one doing it. Put the veil over the boy, he doesnt care. He doesnt care. He doesnt care about the details. He loves you. Okay, he bought the ring. He asked you to spend his life with him. Its enough, put the veil over the cage like a blanket over a parrot. – Night-night. Polly go night-night. And then when it comes for the important part, like, Do you take this woman? Polly does. -Put it back down. Its fine. -He doesnt care. Put a game on in there like, Bye-bye. He doesnt care. No man cares. He loves you. He thinks youre beautiful, wants to marry you. Thats it. No man cares. Youre sitting there shrouded in mystery. No mans ever going to be standing there like, I know you cant see this, but Ill tell you what. You were right, -peonies were an excellent filler flower. And youre sitting there like… Describe it to me. -I wish to know. Is my sister here? Does she look jealous? Im just a humble beekeeper but one day… Moreover, I think its creepy. I think theres something a little eerie about a bride. If I describe to you a bride independent of the context of a wedding… ? Be mine forever ? Till death do us part. The pace with which the bride walks is unnerving, right? You dont tend to see this gait independent of a haunting. However, the bride moving slowly is the least creepy of the options because let me ask you this, Nashville. Whats creepier, okay? A veiled woman walking towards you at this pace? Or this running at you? What happened to that bride? I dont know. She jumped into that mirror. I dont want to cover my face. Two hours in hair and makeup just to be like… All right, lets get you covered up. Cover that shit. I would have worn the veil over my face if it was, like, really important to my mom. Like if that meant everything to her. I would have done it if she begged me. If she was like, I wore the… I covered my shit and… And your grandma covered her face and your grandpa… Were a progressive family. …he covered his face. I would have done it, but I would have had a ‘tude about it. I wouldve put the flap down… …and be like, You may kiss the bride. Then hed lift it, Id be like, You know its me, motherfucker. Yeah. You know its me, we Ubered here together. I watched you hit Split Fare. You know its me. Unpopular opinion, actually popular opinion, just unpopular publicly-declared sentiment, getting married is not that much fun. Yeah. Youre not allowed to say that, especially if youre a woman, God forbid, over 30. Well, youre just lucky that the Lord sent you someone… …to put up with your shit. Kissing your dog on the mouth. Stop taking videos. There is a world where you can admit that something is difficult but also love the byproduct of it. I love my husband, but the wedding part is exhausting. It is a physical and mental and financial just gauntlet. Even down to the last minute, the wedding itself. The whole year is exhausting planning it. Its fun, you love your mom. But its a whole thing. But even just the day of. Lets talk about the day of. What happened on the day of your wedding, girls, right? You had to prepare for it, like you woke up early. Just want to greet the sun. Got up at like 6:00, like when your dad gets up. Right? What, did you meditate? I just want to be centered. Right? You worked out like it matters the day of. It doesnt. It doesnt. Youre not going to lose any weight at the buzzer. Its not going to… Its never going to happen. What did you do? You did your little workout and then you got your makeup done and your nails and a massage and a colonic and a hyperbaric chamber and a hyper… hyperbolic chamber. Amazing. And you got a situation room and a silence cone and a shame corner and a Reiki healing. And you went ghost hunting, you did all this stuff. What did your husband do on your wedding day? Ill tell you, he woke up like whenever. Went out to eat with his buddies. Something tasty, doesnt matter if Im fat cause Im a funny guy. Went… Who cares if its bloated? Right, then he went and got a haircut… on the day of the wedding! Are you kidding me? What faith you have in this barber. Went out, had a drink, went home, jerked off, took a dump. Who says you cant lose weight? Right, fellas? Who says you cant lose weight day of? Yeah. Yeah, probably about 500 grams. He took a nap, he woke up to an alarm labeled Wedding for you? He barely made it. The bride, it just doesnt seem like the bride is having as much fun as everyone else because she is the one that planned it and she wants everything to be perfect. They dont tell you that when you have a wedding, you have to plan every moment because people, when they get in a group, its mob mentality and they dont think like they normally would. Okay, so you would think logically, like… We said ‘I do in this room and that rooms got food on tables. Should go from A to B, shortest distance. No problem. People are walking into walls like Sims. You have to shepherd them. You have to coordinate it. Everything you do has to have coordination. People have to be let in. You have to plan for these moments that seem organic. I will give you an example. So, if youre the couple that wants that moment where after you say I do and you run out of the religious part and you get announced into the room, right? If youre the couple that wants to have the DJ to everyone at the party be like, For the first time, Mr. and Mrs. Raccoon. Have all your babies, yeah! If you… want that moment, you have to plan for it. Meaning, if you want that reveal, you, after you say I do, have to haul ass out of that room, go to a fucking broom closet in a Ramada Inn, sign away your goats, his chickens, stamp it, kiss me. Okay, then you go and you take your couples pictures and while youre doing that theyre setting up the party room and you have to provide a cocktail hour for your guests. So thats three parties. The party theyre going to, this party and then the one they had before cause theyre gonna get liquored up to listen to YMCA. So theyre there and you have to provide that party, a party that youre paying for that youre not invited to. My wedding planner was like, So did you want to do, like, an oyster bar for your guests? I was like, Do I get to eat the delicious oysters? Shes like, No, youre going to be in the closet taking pictures. You dont get to partake. Im like, Then they can eat corn dogs and wait in their cars. Okay. Tapped out. Tapped out. It just felt like the bride is the last one to have fun. Even if you have a fun ceremony. Some couples like that. Some couples like a quiet, spiritual ceremony with crying and saying Im sorry. Some people like… a fun service, some people like to dance. Like white people love to come down the aisle to that Bruno Mars song, like… ? Hey baby ? ? Im gonna marry you ? ? Marry you… ? The bridesmaids and the groomsmen, one who was like a cheer captain in middle school, was like, We go up, you go down. Hit it. Go, Cougars. Marry you. And then you do it and its a whole thing, right? So everyone has fun with it. So the first ones that come down… Girls, it does not matter who you marry, every man has the same group of friends. Every man has the same groom-pod, okay? First one to come walking down that aisle… Every mans got that one friend thats too big, okay? Hes like 69. His name is Donk. Hes just like… walking on two snapped Achilles and all head injuries… Donk. Everyones, Oh, Donks doing the choreography, barely. Go, Donk! I am Donk. Put that baby down! Donk is hungry. Then the funny friend. Every man you date will have that one friend thats funny. He never shuts up, his name is Daniel, and he comes down the aisle… Yeah! …and he doesnt see a congregation, he sees an audience. So hes going up to your nana like, Oh, yeah, Nana. Yeah. Right? And theyre loving it. Youre loving it. Hes like, Yeah. And the more they laugh, hes like, Uh-oh. And then he goes off book. Hes like, Yeah, I do the sprinkler and whatever the hell this is. And theyre loving… and people are laughing at your wedding, brides not even there yet. Everyones having a good time. Shes in the back, breathing into a fucking paper bag. And they think Daniel is so funny. Then they turn to me, Isnt Daniel funny, Iliza? Youre doing it, bravo. Move your dick more. This is great. Daniels so fun… Iliza, isnt Daniel funny? He shouldve been a comic. He couldve been. But something happened senior year at Duke. The girl never woke up but it was wrong place, wrong time. He deferred for a year while his parents put together a defense fund. He didnt do anything wrong, but it didnt look very good to apply to other schools so he deferred and took community college credits. His CPA degree wasnt what he wanted, but he wont graduate on time. But he did graduate. ? Marry you, marry you, marry you ? The bridesmaids come down like, This is a strapless bra. This isnt fun. I slept with Daniel. ? Marry you, marry you ? Now the groom comes down and hes in sunglasses. Im in sunglasses. Isnt this funny? Im indoors, what a juxtaposition. Im in sunglasses, which is an homage to Risky Business, which is a movie about what, Nashville? Hookers! ? Marry you ? Everyone get serious, shes here. She was last. She missed out on all the fun. All I want is for brides to have fun in 2020, thats my campaign. Thats it. No foreign relations change, no tax refund. Nothing like that. No tax reform, just brides having fun. I think I can win. So heres my idea for brides to have fun. If I tell it to you, will you promise to do it? Okay. Take one part red food coloring, one part corn syrup. Mix it in a bowl, a reusable bowl. Mix it. Stick it in your mouth, back of the chapel. ? This is gonna be metal ? You may kiss the bride. Girls, he lifts your flap, thats when you… Help me get back to the mirror! I do. This is a question for the men in the audience, and keep in mind, boys, it is rhetorical before you yell out your gem of an answer. This is a scripted program. My question for you is why? Why would you want to cover your girls face? These guys are like… We dont. She wanted to wear the veil. I said, ‘Okay. I was enabling her feminism, I dont… I agree. What? Im not heckling her. Im not… We dont want… Im not yelling, she asked a question. I feel maligned right now. I dont wanna cover her face. What? Youre giving me shit. Shes the one… You know what? Get up, I gotta take a piss. Get up. I dont care what they… I dont even know who you are. I bought this as a Christmas present for her. Your tickets went on sale a long time ago. Okay. What? You said this was gonna be about peacocks and baby legs and so far, I dont know. Accurate. When I say her face, gentlemen, is a big part of the reason that youre with her… What about the tits? For sure. For sure. Okay. In fact, that should be a big part of the veil-lifting ceremony. But the girl gets to do it. If she wants. You may kiss the bride. He lifts the flap and then the girl goes, Check it out. Its a great idea. Think… Let me pitch you on this. Think of the money to be made on a bridal tit-flap. Right? Think of how we could market it. Think of how we could pitch it like, Hey, sharks. Now, when I say her face and her body, gentlemen, are big parts of the reason youre with her, thats not a knock against men. Thats never my MO. I think sometimes people hear that a woman is speaking. Theyre like, Oh, she must hate men. Thats bullshit, okay? You can be pro-woman without being anti-man. We have to adjust that, okay? My motivation has never been to shit on men. My motivation is to shit on everyone and together we rise. Yes! Like a shit phoenix. Men make up 50% of my audience. I love men. I married one and I slept with a bunch of hot ones right before, so… Right before. When I say her face and her body are big parts of the reasons youre with her thats commentary, not on superficiality, thats commentary on the way mens brains are wired, a subject I find endlessly fascinating and I write a lot of material about it. Okay? Men are visual creatures, Ive stated this before. Theyre visual creatures, which means, girls, they have to be physically attracted to you for at least a second to get engaged and then want to get to know, like, your amazing personality. Thats the way it goes. It doesnt have to be the whole thing, it could be a hair. Just a whisker. Just a nub. Theyre like, Hey, whats that? It goes looks… looks, hook him, and then your heart of gold reels him in. Thats what it is. It does not go the other way. No mans ever been like, I want to set you up with a girl. And that guys been, All right, tell me about her remarkable charity work first. No. Theyre attracted to you. And then they move in. Okay? He saw you and then the rest of it was yours, okay? He saw you at work, at a bar, on an app, through your window for the last six months. He saw you… approached you, fingers crossed, like, Please dont be a lunatic. You turned around, youre like, This is my shoulder iguana and Im a Taurus. It means a lot to me. Lets go. Hes like, Okay. Thats fine, she seems warm. You want a man that is wired that way for as annoying as it can be. Like, Men are pigs. You want a man that is visually-wired because thats the correct way to be wired, okay? I dont care about her looks. Yeah, cause shes hot. So, nice try. You dont want a man thats wired the other way. A man would have to be so broken by society to be like, I dont care what she looks like, just dont let her spit in my food. You want a man… And rather than get angry about the way that theyre naturally wired, all while crying like, Accept me for who I am, but you better change who you are, boys. Rather than get angry at that, lets use this information, rather than rage against the patriarchy. Lets use the information we have to work within the confines of the structure… as we have for millennia. And gather information, okay? If he has to be attracted to you in order to want to get to know you, that means he must be attracted to you in order to stay with you. That means if hes with you, he thinks youre beautiful and he does not see all the ugliness that you think you see. Okay? Yes. Hes incapable. All the problems society says are wrong with you, he hasnt been brainwashed into thinking that, okay? So when you were getting ready like I was for the show and youre like, Im so fat. They wont even let me in the building and asked me to resurface this whole… Cover it up. He doesnt see any of it. He thinks youre beautiful. Give him a break. Okay? If he loves you, if this is a first date, I dont fucking know whats gonna happen. But men are very visual, women are not. We are cerebral. We are cerebral creatures, which means we dont have to be attracted to you to fall in love with you. Were cerebral creatures, which means we can fall in love with you… despite your stupid fucking face! Girls, if youre on a date, dont cheer too loud. Every woman in this room has at some point gone out with a man less attractive than she simply because… He makes me laugh. Its true. Every woman, at some point in her life, has gone out, dated, loved an absolute fucking hobgoblin… simply because like, Hes real good with business or some shit, right? And theres this weird allowance we get as women where you are allowed to, like in public, say that the man you love and are with is not attractive. But hes real, real sweet. Like, in front of his face. Like, at a dinner party. Youre allowed to be like, Sean? I dont know. Hes no Brad Pitt. And Seans the first motherfucker to be like, Yeah, I am not an attractive man. But I own a boat and Im fucking her, so… Yeah! Its not okay. No one loves to be called ugly, but when you call a guy ugly, theyre very honest about it because a man knows his worth does not hinge on the way he looks, nor does it hinge on the way people perceive his looks. When youre a girl, that is an inextricable part of your experience on this planet and will be held against you no matter what you look like. Obviously its better to be better-looking, but… when youre attractive at all, you are up for the slings and arrows of judgment from men, women. Shes a skank. She must not be smart. I bet she steals boyfriends. Shes probably an idiot. If youre ugly, its like, I bet she gets worse in the moonlight. Youre always… Jobs, boyfriends, perception, your rise in our society, hinges on your looks and other peoples take on the way that you look. For men, not so much because they can still be charismatic and attractive to women, even if theyre hideous. You can have bad hair and date a supermodel. You can be structurally-fucked and still run the Free World. Like, you can do these things. Its interesting because we all wanna be treated equally, we all wanna be treated the same but I dont think thats gonna happen for a very long time because of the un-brainwashing we have to do with the way we treat and perceive women based on their looks. It affects everything, even if youre trying to be kind, it still affects it. I will give you an example in real time. If I had a man here and he was heckling me the whole show, ruining the show and just being an idiot, I could snap and I could say something hacky like, Well, youre bald and youre ugly and fat and I bet you got a small dick, right? And most of you laugh, one person checked their phone. No ones anger… Even the one in the back was like… I got nothing to tweet. Fair play. If I had a woman here who was yelling at me, being rude, interrupting your show, interrupting my night at work… This is a job, despite the fact that I have purple lipstick on. Okay? And a fun ponytail. If she was doing that and acting like an asshole and I snapped and I was like, Well, youre a fat, ugly bitch… Shes not even real. And youre like… Dont shame her! A woman… As women, we are forced to be practical. We are forced to be honest about things and our expectations and we are honest. A girl, we can be attracted to ugly things. You hear girls all the time like, My husbands got this weird tooth in the back of his throat, but I love it. I like to lick on it. I love it. Hes so gross, sometimes he sheds all his body hair. I eat that hair. I love it so much. I make a pillow, I sleep on it. I love it. Hes ugly, Im into it. You will never hear a guy be honest about his girlfriend being ugly. ‘Cause he doesnt see it. Youll never hear, Oh, what a blithe existence! Youll never hear a man admit like, My girlfriend… Sorry, I was just thinking about her smile. Its fucked up, but… …her punch lines are on fire. Now you clap, but I noticed that your laughter spiked and then immediately declined… because youre still thinking about this woman. So no veil. And I did not want a bachelorette party out at a bar for a very specific reason, okay? I work at night, so I have seen first-hand the havoc that can be wreaked by an out-of-control bachelorette party. Okay? It sounds like that. I have been there when a zombie horde comes over the ridge, fucking kicks in a window and makes their nests, like in my show. Ive been there… when they come in, ones missing a fucking femur. And knowing how out-of-control they can get, I couldnt, in good conscience, be that for a fellow night worker. I couldnt do that to someone else who works at night, okay? Those of us, yes, who work at night! Those of us who work at night. DJs, sound mixers, security, bartenders, waitresses. Yes! Yes, nighttime scientists, Nashville. Yes, those of us… who make our wages under the cloak of the moon. I have no friends. Those of us… who work at night know first-hand what its like to have to absorb a crazy bachelorette party. Okay? You dont see a bachelorette party coming, you fucking hear it. And if youre hearing it… its too late. Theyre already here. So you can imagine how unnerving it is for me as a performer. Im sitting here. I can see the first couple rows, but the rest is pitch-black. You can imagine how terrifying that is for me, just in the middle of a set in a sea of strangers and darkness like, And another thing about raccoons… Stacys getting married! I dont know where its coming from. Get back. Get back. Dont shoot till you see the whites of their wines. I want you to know something about bachelorette parties. They are well-versed in the art of basic tactical warfare. Okay? Bachelorette party knows that they have you trapped, timid, trepidatious. The three Ts of combat. They got you right there. And they know that you dont know where theyre coming from and they know that you are expecting all of them to come running in at once. But a good bachelorette party, a good bachelorette army knows you dont send in all of your troops at once. A well-led bachelorette party understands you must send your troops in in waves so as to exhaust the bar… and deplete it of its resources. If you are at a bar and you see a bunch of girls come running in, do not be foolish. That is not the bride. That is not even the family. That is her infantry. These are her bannermen. They come running in first to let the bar know like… Stacys getting married! They kick some girls out of a booth. This is our territory now. Get out of here! They set a waitress on fire. Isnt this amazing? They put down a debit card for the first round. Get fresh with the table. These women are not there for a good time or a long time. Okay? These women are there for one reason. To establish and maintain a region. Thats why theyre there. And they fought valiantly and the battlefield has been set. Now the bar knows that its Stacys bachelorette party and what to expect. The next one to come in is perhaps the most important one of the party, or so she thinks. This is your General, otherwise known as your maid of honor, Amanda! I am Stacys maid of honor. Many of you know me from the Evite comment section where Ive chatted with you briefly. XOXO. I am Stacys best friend since the third grade. A fact I shall lord over many of you when I feel left out of a conversation. She is my best friend. Weve been to Cancún upwards of five times. Ive sat in the hotel room many a night while shes been out, making out with hot dudes and promises to tell me about it later. I am the best friend. She is the one to be married, but in many ways, I feel like tonight is about me. I have set up all of this. I have made all the reservations. I am the one you will follow and before we ride into battle, I need each of you to Venmo me $50. Will you ride with me? It was $40, but Megans not feeling well and she just canceled. Before the festivities begin, I wish to open with a quote from General Patton. To go bravely… Morgan. Morgan, Morgan, Morgan. Drink some fucking water, Im not joking. Heyah! The bartenders like, You cant have a horse in here. Very well, then. If I give you my phone, will you charge it behind the bar? No, okay. Heyah! The time has come. She is about to arrive. They all begin to scream. Shes getting married. We know. Bachelorette partygoers of the world, we know! Quit screaming, you fucking banshee. We know shes getting married, we can tell, because shes covered in dicks. Why? What is this West African shaming ritual? What is that? Why are we doing that? Why are we, every night in America, drenching our women in teeny-weeny Party City peeny? I know what your friends will say. Its cause we love her. We love her so much. Shes amazing. Dicks! Dicks! Wear these dicks! Be a dick! Eat a dick! My issue… …is not the ritualistic shrouding of women in tiny, plastic commemorative penii. My issue is merely the lack of reciprocity at a bachelor party. Ive never seen a bachelor party like, Joeys getting married, everybody put on your snootch-hat. Its so tight, bro. Isnt it crazy how no matter how many times you wear them, they never lose their elasticity… .although we tell women that, to shame them out of exploring their sexuality? Of all the things I did not want to do for my wedding, the one thing we ended up doing was they had a bachelorette party at a bar for me. Obviously, Im not gonna have a party at a library. So… we had this bachelorette party at a bar and we went. And I had about four or five women with me and… I know I should have been just like going crazy and getting drunk and having a crazy time but Im a sentimental person and Im a thinker and I was looking at these girls, these women that some of whom I was related to, the rest of whom Ive known my entire life. Ive seen relationships come and go and jobs and heartbreak and death and all of the landmarks and all the things that make us human and I was with these girls and I realized that we had all been single, we had all been on a journey together, and for me that part of my journey with them stopped that night. I can still go to bars, if my husband says its okay. But like weve been going out for like a decade together, like looking for a good time, looking for a guy. And like, that was it for me. And I thought that… I get goosebumps thinking about it because like that chapter of my life was closed that night and I think that theres something very poetic about the notion that your bachelorette party, you are in effect picking up the ashen, lifeless body of your singlehood… and laying it to rest where it was born. In a shitty bar. And its not that I would never be at another bar again, but I would never be at another bar unmarried. I mean, I dont know– but I would never be… I would never be… at that time, like, that was it for me. And I looked around the room and there was a group of girls, same amount as us, in their 20s. And they were over there. They looked amazing and they were over there and I was just staring at them. And theyre like, Whos that old lady staring at us? Because they were us and I remember so fondly being that age and going out and all the trappings of it. I know so much about it, I wrote four fucking Netflix specials about it. And that was over. And I was reflecting on those years versus these years as you get older. In your 20s, you should just know, you will never be as close to other people, let alone other women, as you are in your 20s. You will have good friends. You will have book clubs. You will have all this stuff as you get older, but in your 20s, youve just come out of high school or college. Youre very close to the realms of academia and you are hive-minded. So you are in each others shit, you know everything. I know who texted… Hes my boyfriend, I know who you are, who you like. I like you, youre my best friend. Matching dove tattoos. Make em fuck. Dove tattoos. Right there. Youre my best friend. I love you so much. And boys ask you dumb questions that you tolerate cause you dont know any better. When youre in your 20s, boys will ask, How many guys you slept with? Nobody asks you that in your 30s because the answer is gross. Shes in the back. Ive slept with so many dudes. I dunno. I feel empowered. But in your 20s, youre right there and youre in that mentality, youre so intertwined and you make packs like, Were going out together. I dont care if you meet a boy. Were going home together. Youre my best friend. Hold my hand. Were going out together. Tie your hand to mine. My best friend. Im a Sagittarius, youre a Pisces. Hows it work? Dunno, it just does. Text me when youre home. Thats right, were home, we live together. Roll over. Youre my best friend. Youre right there. People shit on women for some reason being 30. I understand theres the whole egg issue, but society is not kind. Theyre not kind to women as they get older. Men, shitty men, not the good ones that are here, dont like it as women age. And I gotta believe its less about the fact that youre older and its more about the fact that when youre older you dont put up with bullshit and they dont like that. They dont like it. Smart guys dont have any bullshit. I was at a bar the other night, some guy walked up, he goes, Hey. I was like, I dont buy it. And I just walked away. But moreover, youre close and youre a cluster of girls and you go out together and no matter what plans you make, theres always that one girlfriend that breaks away from the pack. Youre like, Were here for safety. Shes like, Im just gonna talk to him. Some fucking idiot with the dumbest line, but youre in your 20s, so youll listen to it cause you havent lived a life yet. Im just gonna talk to him. Hes like, Yeah, come on. Ill tell you about my company, Herbalife, lets go. I run… And shes not making your job easier. Youre also out to meet a guy, to have fun, to have a life, and youre like, Get back here, Cassandra. No. And you have to endure this fucking piece of shit being like, Why are you being such bitches? But you wanna protect your girlfriend. Youre like, Get back here, shes not awake. Come here. Come here. We will do anything. When youre younger, we will form a phalanx around a fallen girl like… Sorry. That noise right there is the anti-mating call of 20-something girls everywhere. Sorry. Thats right, girls, before there was RuPauls Drag Race… …bye, there was sorry. Its us protecting a girl who cant protect ourselves. Now, I wish I could tell you that that action is solely altruistic and when we do it, its just for the benefit of that girl. Unfortunately, oftentimes, the subtext of, You cant have her is because you didnt want me. But thats a whole other lecture… and special. In closing, girls, enjoy the sovereignty of the protection of other women when youre in your 20s cause guess what, chickens? After 30, its not that we dont love you, havent spent a lifetime with you, its that were sick and tired of your bullshit, Jamie! Were tired of following you around, looking for you at bars, when we should be out doing our own thing. Were exhausted, our patience has run thin, so is this delicate under-eye skin Im finding out. Were tired. After 30, we are not your keepers anymore. After 30, were gonna be like… Go with him! We want to see what happens.

SETH MEYERS@LOBBY BABY@2019@How are we doing, everybody? Thank you all… so much for being here. You guys, it is so great to be back in the Twin Cities. And when I say that… When I say that, I mean it is great to be back in Minneapolis because I have never been to St. Paul. Hear its lovely. Hear its lovely. Wanna go. But I do think its very important… I know with twins, you have to pay attention to both of them equally, or else one of em gets a complex. I will say, in real life, I think of you have twins, it would be the wrong move to give em such different names. And this is Minneapolis, which is the Dakota word for ‘water and the Greek word for ‘city. And this is Paul. I also want to start by saying I know it might be a little weird to see me in this environment. Most of you are probably used to seeing me wearing a suit, sitting behind a desk. Very odd. See me doing stand-up in casual clothes. It can be very jarring to see someone… out of context, like when a kid sees a mall Santa getting into his Ford Festiva. I mean, it might be weird to even be seeing my legs right now. Its like that time Kermit rode a bike. It was fun, but you were like, Are those weight-bearing legs? So, hopefully, youll learn a few things about me tonight you dont know. Uh, one thing people think they know about me that is wrong is, uh, I am not Jewish. Um, all Jewish people assume I am Jewish… because of my name and my face and everything about me. My fathers father was Jewish. My mother could not be less Jewish. For example, the other day, she said, As long as my kids are happy, Im happy. So… My wife is Jewish. And her parents were so excited when they first met me. They were so happy that their daughter had met a nice Jewish boy, and then I had to break the news to them that Seth Meyers was not, in fact, Jewish. And that is very unfair to them, because to be named Seth Meyers and not be Jewish is false advertising. But I will say, over the course of the five years I dated my wife before we got married, I think, to my in-laws, I became, to them, Jewish enough. And I believe thats the only religion that that happens in. Which is why its so great that its the only religion that ends with -ish. I really believe… I really believe that on our wedding night, people were going up to my mother-in-law and saying, Is Seth Jewish? And she was saying, Hes Jew-ish. You may have noticed that I said, In the five years my wife and I dated before we got married, the only mistake… the only mistake I made with my wife is that I made her wait five years before I married her. That is too long for a woman of her caliber. I made a mistake. I also appreciate right now that if youre watching this with a woman you have dated for five or more years, I have ruined your night. Right now, you are staring at me, but you can tell… that she is staring at you. It gets awkward. The longer you go, the more awkward it gets. We were together for four years. We were trying to figure out what to do for my wifes birthday. We decided to go to Europe. She said, Where do you think we should go? I said, Why dont we go to Prague? Weve never been to Prague. I heard its amazing. Lets go to Prague. She said, We could do that. Or we could go to Paris. I know weve been to Paris before, but we have such a nice time in Paris. I said, Hey, its your birthday. If you want to go to Paris, lets go to Paris. We go to Paris, and the first night in Paris, my wife is more miserable than Ive ever seen her. And finally, I said, Why are you so upset? And she said, Every one of my friends said, ‘If hes bringing you to Paris for your birthday, he is going to propose. Oh! To which I said, Did you fucking tell them about Prague?! Did you tell them my opening offer was Prague? A place where, famously, no one gets engaged. No one has ever said, Look what happened in the Czech Republic. But shame on me. You cannot bring a woman who is expecting an engagement ring to Paris. It is too romantic a place for that. At one point, we were crossing a bridge going over the River Seine, and my passport fell out of my pocket. And I looked down, and I realized it would be easier to kick it into the river… and replace it at the embassy… than it would be to take a knee in Paris without an engagement ring. Like, Oh! We live here! We live here now. We live here. But I finally wised up, and after five years, I proposed, and my wife planned the most amazing wedding. She was very sweet, because she tried to involve me in the planning of the wedding by asking me questions, but I kept getting the questions wrong. For example, she said, Hey, for the wedding invitations, I was thinking, since were getting married near a lighthouse, it might be cool to get a lighthouse embossed on the back of the wedding envelopes. What do you think? Its a little bit more expensive, but I think itd be really nice. And I said, I have to be honest, I dont think people look at things like the back of wedding envelopes. And if its more expensive, its probably not worth it. And then, I could tell from her expression that what had happened was… is she had phrased a statement in the form of a question. And the punctuation was purely ornamental. But instead of giving up on me, she just made the questions easier. She was really holding onto this idea that I would help her plan the wedding. So she would say things like, Hey, what do you think we should do for food at our wedding? Do you think we should have it professionally catered, or… do you think we should have a trash can full of Wendys in the middle of the dance floor? And Id think about it, and Id say, I think we should have it professionally catered. And shed say, Look whos planning a wedding! My little wedding planner right over there! So, she plans, uh, this amazing, uh, wedding. And then, uh, at the rehearsal dinner, night before the wedding, uh, my wife got food poisoning. Oh! That is the accurate reaction to that piece of news. Were at the rehearsal dinner, its a wonderful night, but my wife does not look well, and I say, Whats wrong? And she said, I think I have food poisoning. And so, then, I did something, uh, called mansplaining. And… Uh, if you dont know what that is, uh, ladies… It is when… a man with no shared experience to what youre going through tells you whats actually happening. And so, I said to my wife, You do not have food poisoning. What you have is something called the wedding jitters. Youre gonna go back to your parents house, Im gonna go to the hotel. In the morning, Im gonna call, youre gonna feel great, and were gonna have this amazing wedding that you have planned. And so, we did that, and the next morning I called her, and I said, How are you feeling? And she said, Im at the emergency room because I have fucking food poisoning. So, Im driving to the hospital the morning of my wedding, and Im thinking to myself, Oh, my God. I hope she doesnt die for two reasons. One… I love her more than anything in the world. I cannot imagine living another day without her. Two, I couldnt help but think, if your wife dies of any kind of poisoning… morning of the wedding… youre gonna be a suspect. And even once they clear you, thats a real shadow for the rest of your dating life. Were you ever married? Almost. Died, morning of. Poisoned. Anyway… Can I make you another drink? Theres one thing I feel terrible about, which is this. I felt so bad for my wife, and the whole time I was thinking, Im so angry that its her and not me. Thats really not fair. A bride should feel great on her wedding day, but there was one thing that made me… a little happy… that it was her, which is this. About… a month before our wedding, my wife said to me, Hey, I think, at our wedding, we should do a choreographed first dance. The only person I know whos a worse dancer than I am is my wife. But because Envelope-gate had just happened… instead of saying, I think thats a terrible idea. I said to her, I think thats a great idea. And I think that not one of the over 100 professional comedians at our wedding… will talk shit about us behind our back… during our terrible-ass dance. And we went and we saw a woman, a choreographer, and this was her specialty, was to teach people who did not know how to dance how to do a first dance at a wedding. And we went in, and it was the most… She was the most vibrant person Ive ever met, and she looked at us and said, I know you think you cant do this, but I promise you, you can do this. If you put the same commitment to this as youre about to give to each other, this will be the most amazing thing. And when you do this dance, your family, your friends, all of them will say, ‘You are a perfect couple. And we bought in. Guys, we bought in. And we said, You know what, lady? You won us over. Lets do it. And after a full hour of dancing with this woman, her soul had died. Ive never seen a person look more hopeless. She looked the way an emergency room doctor would look if you just ran in with a bunch of bones and said, Help my grandpa! Stay with us! My wifes not here, but this is one of the moves of the wedding dance that I remember. See if you can imagine this. If I did that better than anyone on Earth, it would be the worst thing I ever did. So, as were leaving the ER, after my wife has been pumped full of fluids, and my wife is a superhero whos rallied and was about to actually have a great wedding, she turns to me in the car and says, I think I dont feel well enough to do the dance. And I will tell you that Daniel Day-Lewis himself wouldve tipped his cap at the delivery I gave. When I looked at her with the hands on the wheel, and I said, That is so unfair. Now were married, we have two kids, a three-year-old and a one-year-old. And its great having two kids. Its a lot, but also, youre a little bit more relaxed, because the more kids you have, the more resilient you realize children are. Uh, now, we dont panic every time we hear a thunk. For those of you who dont have kids, a thunk is the sound of a toddlers head hitting the ground. And when you first hear it, when you only have one kid, you panic every time you hear it. But then, you grow to learn that a toddlers head is so close to the ground that… it cant reach terminal velocity. The thunk is either followed by the sound of your kid just getting up and going, doing whatever he was doing pre-thunk. Or they start to cry, more often than not, because theyve scared themselves. The other day, I was upstairs and my wife was downstairs with one of our boys, and I heard the thunk, followed by a cry. And I realized, that provided me with an opportunity to go downstairs and behave the way I want my wife to behave when the thunk is my fault. ‘Cause this was clearly on her watch that the thunk happened. So, I came downstairs and she was comforting our son. And I said to her, Hes fine. Hes just scared. Dont blame yourself. And my wife looked at me and said, He was actually going down that step I always warn him about. And I thought if I just let him fall, maybe hell learn his lesson. And all I could think was the fucking look she wouldve given me. Weve got two now, were a little more loose with it. You know, weve realized now we dont like hanging out with friends that just have one toddler, theyre too stressed out. We also dont like hanging out with friends that also have two. Theres just too much going on. We like hanging out with people who have three or more kids. Because people with three or more kids are so Zen and checked out. They are so checked out. There could not be a sound loud enough from the other room… that will make them put down their CBD-infused Pinot Grigio. You can hear… just a grandfather clock come crashing down, and theyre like, Watch it in there, guys. Theyre kids. Theyre fine. Theyre kids. Somebody runs in, is like, A raccoon bit me! Theyre like, Did you bite em back? Theyre kids. They gotta learn. Theyre kids. Im fascinated by the youngest of three kids. Theyre so much more interesting than the other kids. Theyre so resourceful and self-reliant because theyve received so much less attention in their lives. Theyve figured out everything on their own. You know, when you have one two-year-old, theyre crying for you to make a smoothie. When your third is two years old, they make the smoothie. They just walk into the kitchen, drag in a stool, get up on top of it, start throwing bananas into a blender. And its not even your blender. Its a blender they bought from a job they have on the side. And the parents know that they get things done, and so, the parents take advantage of them and treat em like a tiny monkey butler. Tyler, were out of beers! And he just comes in with… Coronas on a tray and limes in the tops. And theyre verbally advanced, so much more verbally advanced than their siblings were at that age, and at the end of the night, they say, Well, if thats everything, Im gonna put myself down. I can feel myself getting a little cranky and I certainly dont want any of you to have to see that. If you need anything else, my older sister, Becky, is here to help you. Good night. We are, um… Were thinking about a third. We are thinking about a third. Our biggest hesitation is that when you have a child, you have to give birth to a child, and we… Weve had very dramatic birth stories… so far in the old Meyers family. Our first boy was almost born in the backseat of an Uber. My wife started having contractions, they started moving so quickly. We called our doctor to explain what was happening. He said, You have to come right now. We got into the Uber. And on the way to hospital, my wife was in so much pain that she was on all fours in the backseat of the Uber with her head out the window… screaming, I do not like this. Being very economical with her word choice. Also, in any other city in America, if someones yelling, I do not like this, out the window of a car, it is an abduction taking place. In New York City, nobody blinks an eye. See, we werent on highways. We were, like, stopped at stop lights. And my wife was screaming, I do not like this, and old women were, like, crossing the crosswalk, saying, Its New York City. Nobody likes it. And we got to the hospital, my wife gave birth 15 minutes after we got to the hospital, 15 minutes after we got there. And I had not decided where I was gonna watch from. I had not decided vantage point, and then, things were moving so fast that I just watched it all, and Im so glad I did. It truly was one of the most beautiful things Ive ever seen in my life. It truly was stunningly beautiful to watch my son being born. I have since seen a still photo of it. Horror show. But good when it was, like, moving. So, anyways… we almost have our first kid in an Uber. And despite that, our second baby was born in the lobby of our apartment building. And guys, I know youre judging me right now. Like, How could you have your baby born in the lobby of your apartment building after what happened last time? But we were on our toes based on what had happened last time. Once again, the contractions started. We didnt wait a second, we didnt call the doctor. We went downstairs into our lobby and we started walking out to the car. And all of a sudden, at the door, my wife stopped and turned to me and said, The baby is here. Subtle. Nuanced. From the people who brought you, I do not like this… The baby is here. And so, once again, I go to my old standby of mansplaining… which, if you ladies forgot… is when a man uses no shared experience, and says to his wife, The baby is not here. You only think the baby is here. We have more than enough time to make it to the hospital. Take it from me, a man who has also had a baby out of his vagina. And my wife looks back at me and says, The baby is here. And I looked down, and the only way to describe what I saw… It looked like my wife was trying to smuggle a baby in a pair of sweatpants. It was like, Oh! That can only be one thing! It was like a velour boa constrictor ate a baby. And so, then my wife doubles back. And I would describe her gait as the way you would walk if you had a wet grocery bag full of oranges. Like, Okay, where… Would love to find a place to put this down. If there was anywhere to put this down. And we basically had two choices of where to go at that point. We could either get back on the elevator or go to the lobby. Terrible options… if what you want is a hospital. Neither of those are even close to a hospital. That would be like if you said to someone, Hey, do you have an iPhone charger I can borrow? And they said, No, but I have a grapefruit and a sombrero. You would say, Just fucking say no. So, my wife chooses lobby, and my wife goes down and she lies on her back in the lobby. And I cannot stress to you how quickly she gave birth to our son. I was on the phone with 911, and this was the extent of my conversation with 911. Were about to have a baby. Were having a baby. We had a baby. And let me tell you, it is very strange to be on a 911 call that ends with the operator saying, Congratulations! Almost never happens. Almost unheard of. You might be saying to yourself, Seth, you just told us that you watched the birth of your first child from a vantage point, wherein you might actually have learned something that would be helpful in the birth of your second child. Hopefully, youre about to tell us how helpful you were. Sadly, I am not. I stood with my back against the wall, mouth agape, as my wife Lion King-ed her own baby. She played… She played two roles. She was Simbas mom and that weird old monkey. You know, I think we all think of ourselves as the heroes in our own story. You see your entire life from your perspective. And yet, theres never in my life been a moment where Ive felt more like the sidekick to someone else than when I stood there and watched my wife deliver our child, which made the next moment one of the more harrowing moments of my life. Because in every day of the past nine months, my wife had said to me, Make sure you have the doctors phone number in your phone. So, imagine how I felt… having watched my wife do what she just did, to have her look at me and say, Call the doctor, and I had to look back at her and say, Do you have his number? I had 911! The other thing that was crazy is, within 15 minutes of my son being born, there were, uh, five firemen and seven police officers in our lobby. And, uh, that was weird for me, because, uh, I think, as a dad, youre hopeful that until your kids are seven, eight, nine years old, you will be the coolest man they ever meet. And yet, I feel, a full 15 minutes into my sons life, he was looking around being like, Man, I really hope my dad is one of these 12 kick-ass dudes. Not that scared guy in the corner. Looking in a phone for a number he knows isnt there. Is he Googling, ‘Baby doctor New York? They were… They were so professional. If any of them recognized me, none of them said a word until the last minute, because as we were loading my wife into the ambulance, the last fireman was walking by, and as he passed me, he whispered in my ear, Guess you got your monologue for tonight. I was like, I do. Thank you. Thank you. I do. You may be wondering, I dont blame you for wondering, you may be asking, Is it possible to love a lobby baby as much as a hospital baby? It is. Over time, it is. In fact, the only relationship that changed based on the fact that we had a baby in a lobby is our relationship with the two doormen who were on duty that night. And it changed in very different ways. Ramone is now like family. Ramone feels like he was there for a magical moment. He feels closer to us than anyone else in the building. Every time he sees our son, his face lights up. Kevin cannot make eye contact with my wife. Kevin is definitely giving off a Ive-seen-your-wifes-vagina vibe. The other crazy thing about being a dad is you just arent a dad, and then you are. It changes immediately. And I feel like, for a mother, you know, your body is telling you that a change is coming. You feel like a mother before the moment actually happens. But you are just not a dad, and then you are a dad. And that became very clear to me after our first son was born. About two hours after, we were in the hospital, and hes asleep and my wifes asleep, and a nurse brings me some paperwork to fill out. And the first question was, Mothers name? And I put my wifes name. And then, it said, Mothers phone number. And I put my wifes phone number. And then, it said, Fathers name. And I put my wifes fathers name. And then, it said, Fathers phone number. And I thought, Who the fuck knows their father-in-laws phone number? And then, I realized, Oh, Im the father! I hope I can be as good of a father to my kids as my dad was to me and my brother. My dad was an incredible father. So supportive, our best friend, even to this day. And there are things that I want to emulate in the way that he raised us. One thing Im really looking forward to is trying to be the kind of disciplinarian that my dad was, because he really seemed to enjoy it. He was never physical or threatening. He used a technique that I believe cognitive psychologists would refer to as mindfuckery. I remember there was this time there was a storm in our town that knocked down a tree in our backyard. And the town came and took the tree, but they left the stump. And my dad thought the stump was an eyesore, and it really drove him crazy that he had this ugly stump in his front lawn. And so, one day, we were driving to school and one of our neighbors had a landscaping crew there. And my dad stopped the car and he got out, and he went over to the foreman and said, If I gave you 100 bucks, would you get rid of this stump using your bulldozer? The guy said, I can do that. Dad took us to school, went to work. That night he got home, the stump was still there. Next day, stopped again. The guy said, We got busy. Well get rid of the stump. Again, school, work, came home, stump was still there. My dad was so mad that the stump was still there. It was all he talked about. It was the week we found out the incredibly high bar he had for the customer service he expected of under-the-table stump removal. So, finally, after about a week, were driving to school, and my dad stops the car, and turns around to my brother and I, and says, Everythings gonna be fine. Which is a terrifying thing to hear… if it never even occurred to you everything would not be fine. It sounds like a positive thing, but in context, its very negative. Itd be like if a surgeon, right before you went under, said to you, I hope we meet again! So, my dad said, Everythings gonna be fine. And he gets out of the car, and he walks over. And in his business suit, he lies down in front of the bulldozer. Lies down on the ground in front of the bulldozer. And then, as you would do if you were a landscaping crew and you saw this happen, they all walked over. The foreman said, What are you doing? And my dad looked at him and said, Im so depressed about the stump in my lawn… that I dont want to live anymore. Will you please run me over with your bulldozer? And the foreman said, Man, youve got to get up. My dad said, I cant get up. Im too sad… from, you know, the stump. And so, they looked at my dad, and then they looked at my brother and I with our faces pressed against the window. And he said, Man, I promise if you get up right now, and get in your car, I will turn this bulldozer around. The stump will be gone by lunch. My dad said, You promise? He said, I promise. My dad got back in the car. We drove off. We watched the bulldozer turn around and go the other way. And it was a very quiet and awkward drive. And then, finally, after about ten minutes of silence, my brother said, Why would you do that… with us in the car? And my dad, with no hesitation, said, Oh, it wouldnt have worked without you in the car. I have great parents. And its fun to be a parent, because I think in a lot of ways, it makes you a better person in general because you just have more empathy and you care more about the future of the world. But in other ways, it makes you morally a worse person because now there are things you would never have done before that you would do for your kids. Like, for example, we have this plastic toy. Its basically a plastic box with four holes in it, and it has four corresponding shapes that goes into those holes. Theres a square, theres a circle, theres a triangle, theres a star… We lost the star. I dont know where the star is, but we lost the star. And yet, every time we take the game out, my three-year-old says, Where the star go? And I say to him, We lost the star. And if youve ever met or talked to a three-year-old, you know thats not the end of that conversation. No three-year-old ever says, Ah, such is life. We shall not speak of it again. So, Im not sad that we lost the star cause he misses the star, Im just so fucking irritated talking about it. And the other day, we were over at one of his friends house for a play date, and I noticed they have the same toy. And they have the star. And I couldnt believe the speed at which I had the thought… Am I gonna steal the fucking star? Im like casing the place for a nanny cam. Its like I was George Clooney in Oceans Eleven. Asking the dad weird questions, like, Hey, when you lose stuff, do you just let it be lost or do you investigate? In the end, I did not steal it, but not because it was the wrong thing to do. I didnt steal it because I thought I wouldnt get away with it. I think I couldve gotten the plastic star out of the house. I think I couldve done that part. But I think the next time I took it out, I couldnt be sure that my son wouldnt go, Thats Tonys star. And the minute he does that, we can never see Tony again. ‘Cause my son will give me up. And three just seems like its too young to teach him, Snitches get stitches. We dont want to let our kids play video games, which means I have to stop playing video games. Which is sad because I love video games. I like it cause its the only place Im good at sports. My brother said, Oh, you should play Xbox Live, its really great. And I said, Whys it great? He said that you put on a headset and you can talk to the people youre playing against. And I did it. And it wasnt great because I found out by doing it that Im way worse at video games than 12-year-olds. The way I found out they were 12 is the other day I was playing somebody and I lost two games in a row. I said, One more game? They said, No, I have to go. And I said, What do you have to do? And they said, Social Studies homework. And I said, How old are you? And they said, Twelve, how old are you? And I said, Im 36. And Im not. Im 45, and let me tell you guys something. When you… When you lie about your age by nine years… and youre still three times as old as the person youre lying to… its a real take-stock-of-your-life moment. Like, pretty much the only upside there is, Well, at least Im not a pedophile. Speaking of pedophiles, and Ill be brief… My least favorite thing about pedophiles… My second-least favorite thing about pedophiles… My least favorite thing is, you know, the whole… the whole deal. My second least favorite thing, every time they catch a pedophile, the same thing happens, they interview friends and neighbors of the pedophile. And they always say, Hes the last person we ever suspected of something like this. And I hate that so much because it implies everyones walking around with a list in their head in reverse order… of the likelihood that everyone they know is a pedophile. Just once Id love to see someone on the local news being like, What do you think of the local pedophile? Whos the local pedophile? Your neighbor Dave. And theyre like, Oh, yeah! Yeah, of all our friends, we thought it might be Dave. Also, pedophile is too fancy a word. You know what I mean? Its like a pervert whos also a snob. Its like, Child molester? Please. Im a pedophile. It also reflects so badly on the other -philes. You know, like bibliophiles, cinephiles. Those are just people who like books and movies, you know? An audiophile likes music. He doesnt fuck the record player. That is the best that joke has ever gone. The best that joke has ever gone. You were probably thinking, I was right in the middle. Nope. Best its ever gone. And for the special, no less, peaking at the right time. Thank you. Thank you, Minneapolis. I was bombing everywhere and people said, Give it a chance in Minneapolis, they go… they go for the pedophile jokes there. Every now and then, I do a show at a college. And every now and then, it is a Catholic university. And… Uh… Ugh… Oh, man. You remember what we were just talking about, right? Every time I do a show at a Catholic university, the same thing happens right before I go on stage. Someone from the school will take me aside and say, Hey, the only thing wed ask is dont make any jokes about the Catholic Church. And I feel like I have the perfect response to that, which is I look at them, and I say, Oh, what kind of jokes do people make about the Catholic Church? And its so great, because when I do that, their eyes light up… with joy, because you can tell theyre thinking, Oh, my God. Maybe he hasnt heard! And that… is faith. Really, theres a lot of conversations lately about people in scandals, and questions like, When can that person come back into society? When can this person, post-scandal, come back? And it makes me think, doesnt it feel like the Catholic Church shouldve had to have taken at least one week off? Just after everything thats happened, just one week you go to church, and there be a sign outside saying, Hey, were closed for the day. Were doing an all-staff meeting. Were gonna go over the rules one more time. I mean, there was one racist incident at Starbucks and they shutdown all the Starbucks. And solved racism. Thats why you dont hear about it anymore, cause of Starbucks. Ive nothing against Catholics. The most wonderful people. Yet, the leadership, its crazy. If your favorite restaurant in the world, if you found out they had a rat problem, you would say, Hey, Im not coming back until you solve the rat problem. If you waited a month, came back, and said, Is everything taken care of? If they said to you, Its more than taken care of. We found a thousand rats in the dining room, and we moved em to the kitchen. I mean, when Netflix kicked Kevin Spacey off House of Cards, they didnt move him to Stranger Things. And I mean, he wouldve… loved that. So, I want to talk about, uh, politics, uh, for a second. But I also… Yeah. I also know there are people who, uh, dont like jokes about politics. And because this is on Netflix, it presents us with a unique opportunity. Uh, we are gonna have an option for people watching at home to skip politics. There will be a box right down there. And they can just click that, and it will take them to the next moment of the show when its not about politics. So, lets give them a second to find that. Because I appreciate that there are people who think there are too many jokes about Donald Trump. And they say, When are the jokes about Donald Trump gonna stop? And the only thing Ill say is I feel like the jokes are the only good part about living through the Trump era. The only good part. I mean… living through the Trump era without any jokes would be like getting a prostate exam and not wanting the results. Let me tell you what weve found. No, no! Thats not what Im here for! Im gonna be here tomorrow, get you back up in there, though. Its also very strange for me, because, based on the kind of show I do, and because its a show about politics, people have been coming up to me so much over the last few years and saying, Oh, my God. This Trump presidency must be so good for you. How good is this Trump presidency for you? And I hate that, because I hate having people feel as though Im benefiting from this. Im feeling like… I feel as though Im a gravedigger in the Middle Ages. And people are coming up to me, like, Oh, my God. This plague must be so good for you. How good is this plague? And I have to say, Well, obviously, were very upset about the plague. But it has been very good for me. Its been very good for business, really. We had to open a second location. Its also strange because there are people who blame me for the Trump presidency, because in 2011, I told jokes about him at the White House Correspondents Dinner, and many people say thats the night that maybe he decided to run for president, because I told jokes about him and President Obama told jokes about him. And it turns out, he has very thin skin. Which is ironic, because it looks thick. Like the heel of a catchers mitt. A lot of people said it because I told jokes about him that night, Obama told jokes about him that night. That night he began plotting his revenge, began plotting this course to be president of this country. And a lot of people wrote articles about that night in the lead-up to the election. And a lot of those articles only talked about Obamas jokes and left me out of it, and that hurt my feelings, because I also wanted credit for tricking him into running for president, because I was so sure that he was going to lose. And then he won, and the minute he won, I realized something. This is Obamas fault. You know who I feel really bad for in the Trump era is, uh, Canada. I feel bad for Canada because in the run-up to the election, so many people said, If he wins, Im gonna move to Canada. And then he won, and nobody did. They mustve been so excited on election night. Like, waiting at the border. Then a couple of weeks passed, nobody showed up, they called. They were like, Hey, you guys coming or not, eh? And were like, Oh, what? Oh, yeah. Umm… no. Theyre like, Why not? Did he not win? No. Yeah, no. He did. He did win. Oh, is he not as bad as you thought he was gonna be? N-No, he… hes a little bit worse. So, whats this all a-boot? Uh… I g… Yeah, um… I guess we just dont want to live in fucking Canada. A lot of conservative Christians voted for Donald Trump, and they voted for him for the reason that he would pick conservative judges. He would pass legislation that was kind to them, and they are certainly getting what they voted for. And I am not to deny anyone voting for what they want. The thing that frustrates me is when conservative Christians tell us that Donald Trump is a religious man. Donald Trump is not, in any way, shape, or form… …a religious man. Heres a dead giveaway. Heres a dead giveaway. Donald Trump does not go to church. Which makes sense, because he would hate church. Can you imagine Donald Trump sitting for an hour in a room where someone talks about the glory of someone who is not Donald Trump? Is this whole hour about Jesus? Do you know he didnt own a single hotel? True story. Night he was born, couldnt get a hotel reservation. And the Bible warns against this exact thing. In the Bible, it says, Beware of a wolf in sheeps clothing. Donald Trump isnt even trying that hard. He is not a wolf in sheeps clothing. Hes a wolf in a shitty wool sweater… Just walking into a flock, being like, Baa, Im a sheep. When are you guys going to bed? Baa, Im also a sheep. Im not gonna eat you. ‘Cause Im a sheep. Baa! The other crazy thing about that White House Correspondents Dinner night is it was on a Saturday, and on Sunday, Barack Obama went on television and announced that SEAL Team Six had killed Osama bin Laden the very next day. And it was an amazing moment. I think it caused a lot… Yeah. It was a moment of great relief to many Americans, which is why Im ashamed to this day at how I reacted to that piece of news. Because I… did what I thought was a very good job at the White House Correspondents Dinner, and it went to my head. It went to my head and I started thinking, When the news comes on Monday, all theyre gonna do is talk about how fucking funny I was on Saturday… as long as nothing major happens on Sunday… a notoriously slow news day. Im basically admitting to you that I was the one person in America, who upon hearing that SEAL Team Six had killed Osama bin Laden had this reaction… Shit! Tonight! They waited ten years and they got him tonight! Fuck me! All right. Thats the end of politics. And, uh… were gonna have the people who left us join us again. But when they come back, I want them to hear me say something that will make them curious enough to go back… and watch it. So, Ill just give it a beat here. So, I guess my point is I misjudged him and I do think hes a very good president. The whole thing, based on how I laid it out. You agree with me, too. Ive been, uh, living with my wife now for ten years. Weve lived together for ten years, and let me tell you, my wife has made my life just immeasurably better. Living with her has made just my environment immeasurably better. Everything about living with my wife is so much better. With that said, and Im ashamed to say it, there are times where I resent how much better she thinks shes made it. Like the other day, I couldnt find my belt and my wife found my belt, and as she brought it to me, she said, Where would you be without me? And I wanted to say, Exactly here without the belt. In fact, I would have the belt because I would know exactly where it was, in yesterdays pants on the floor. But now… were not allowed to leave yesterdays pants on the floor, so I need a National Treasure-style map to find my one lousy belt. My wife always knows where everything is because my wife has OCD. Shes one of those people who, if she walks into a room and anything is even a little bit off, if a Venetian blind is turned the wrong way, she cannot settle until she figures out what it is. And I think its really important to find ways to never be bored in a marriage. And so, what I like to do… If I get home first, what I like to do is I like to go into our closet and turn around one of the hangers. And then, when she gets home, I sit on the end of the bed, and I ask her how her day was. And then, I wait until she goes into her closet and she gets quiet, because her spidey sense is telling her that somethings wrong. And its in that silence that I think to myself, As long as I can do this, I will never be bored in this marriage. I have a brother. My wife has a brother and a sister. And its been a real education what sisters are like, especially how sisters fight. The way my wife and her sister fight is it escalates so quickly, and then is immediately forgotten by both of them. And the only people left to pick up the pieces are those of us unlucky enough to have been there when it went down. This is a very normal argument, a normal fight between my wife and her sister. One of them will say, Hey, when you borrowed my sweater, you stretched out the neck. And the other one will say, You were a slut in high school. Ill be like, Whoa! Where is the middle of that argument? The sister will leave and slam the door. Youll think, Well never see her again. The next day, the buzzer in the apartment rings. Whos that? Its my sister. Whats your sister doing here? Shes borrowing a sweater. And Im like, What about the neck? Did you already forget about the neck? This is a true story about my wife and her sister. When they were five and nine, they were sharing a bowl of guacamole. And one of them, I wont say which one, took the last bite of guacamole, and the other one said, Did you take the last bite of guacamole? You are a bitch. And then, the one who had taken the bite, very calmly looked at her sister dead-eyed, pulled the bowl back, opened her mouth, and let the bite of guacamole fall back into the bowl. And the only part… The only part of that story that isnt true is that it happened last week. It happened last week and I was there. My wife is a lawyer. My wife is a former prosecutor. Uh, I use former loosely because she falls back into it pretty quickly when we argue. In every one of our arguments, my wife is this incredibly well-prepared prosecutor and I am a public defense attorney who just found out I have the case. Like, shes so ready for all of our arguments, and Im running into the courthouse late, and Ive got papers coming out of my briefcase and mustard on my tie, and I run up to the judge, and I say, I need a continuance! And the judge says, Overruled! because my wife is also the judge. Shes one of those really, really good prosecutors that gets you to admit to your crime on the stand without you knowing it. Like, well have an argument, and shell say, Hey, did you forget to separate the recycling when you took out the trash today? And Ill say, Absolutely not. And shell say, Youre so confident. How can you be so sure? And Ill say, I didnt take out the trash today. And shell say, No further questions, Your Honor. One of the things my wife loves about the law is each side gets to make their case. And we were talking about how thats so different from my job, where I get to come out here and just give my side of the case. So, we decided it would be healthy and good if I also shared her perspective. So, would it be okay right now if I did stand-up as my wife about me? Is that good with everybody? Hey, everybody. Um, my name is Alexi Ashe Meyers. Thank you so much for letting me do this. I really appreciate it. Thank you. I do not… I do not do this professionally, because unlike my husband, I do not live my life in the desperate quest for the approval of strangers. It is true that I found my husbands belt, but I do take issue with him saying he tried to find it, could not find it. I want to tell you how my husband looks for things. He looks one place, and if its not there, he loses his mind. This is my impression of my husband as Sherlock Holmes. Watson, I believe the killer was the coachman. Well, it couldnt have been the coachman, Holmes. The coachman was out of town. Then I dont fucking know, man! I dont fucking know, Watson! Its true, I have OCD. My husband has no CD. And that, I mean there is no amount of clutter that can make him even the least bit upset. He is a glass-half-full kind of guy. And by that, I mean there is not one surface in our apartment that does not have a half-full glass of water on it. Because despite being a full-grown man, he can still not remember how much water he needs when hes thirsty. Nor can he remember when hes thirsty again that he has unfinished water right next to where he was sitting. So, however hard it is to live with my OCD, I assure you its only a fraction as hard as it is living with a man who has aqua aphasia. Im a former prosecutor. Im a former sex crimes prosecutor. And you would think, based on that, that at the end of a hard day at work, my husband, the comedian, would cheer me up. Youd be wrong. One time, I came home and he was lying on the couch. And I said, Whats wrong? And he said, Two of my jokes didnt work in the monologue tonight. And I said, You have a show tomorrow. Im sure youll get them next time. And the, he just rolled over and made a noise, like… And then, a full hour later, he finally got around to asking how my day was. And I said, It was really hard. We arrested a pedophile. And then, I swear to God… when he heard that word, he smiled. And I said, Why are you smiling? And he said, ‘Pedophile is too fancy a word. And I said, That joke will never work. And he said, It might work in Minneapolis. You never know. Give it a chance in Minneapolis. I spit out the guacamole. Whos the bitch now? Every now and then, I want to let my husband sleep in. When I want to let him sleep in, what I will do is I will get up very quietly. I will take our two boys, I will bring them downstairs, and I will make them breakfast. When my husband wants to let me sleep in, what he will do is he will wake me up… and say, Im gonna let you sleep in. Because he cant even go an hour without getting thanked. And by they way, Im not gonna make it an hour, because there are so many questions. The morning that he tries to help out, there are so many questions. Hell go downstairs, then hell come back up and just say, like, Hey, what do the kids eat? How do I make it? Where do I put it? In their mouths? When theyre done, how do I clean up? Do I do all the dishes or just throw them in the garbage? And then, Im so frustrated that I just get up cause its easier to do it myself than explain it all to him. And then, he gets frustrated at me and says, I will never learn unless you teach me. And when he says that to me, I am so happy that the windows in our apartment have child locks, because if they didnt, I would open them up and throw myself out. Because how do you not know? Theres that expression, If you give a man a fish, you will feed him for a day. If you teach a man to fish, you will feed him for life. My question that I ask my husband now is, How do you not know how to fucking fish? You watch me fish every day. And then, when its your turn to fish, you eat the worm and throw the whole fucking rod in the water. Whats wrong with you? Sometimes my husband will open the refrigerator and say, Were out of yogurt. And I will say, We are not out of yogurt. And he will say, I swear to God, theres no yogurt in this refrigerator. And I will say, Please dont make me come over there and find the yogurt. And he will say, On our childs lives, there is no yogurt in this refrigerator. And then, I will walk over to the refrigerator and it will take me this long to find the yogurt. This is my husband if he was Apollo 13. Houston, we have a problem. There is no moon. And then I would say, Have you looked out both windows? And then, thered be a pause. And hed say, Houston… were good to go. But guys, I feel bad. I do feel bad about something. Every tenth time… there is no yogurt… Every tenth time I have just forgotten that we ran out of yogurt, and we did not replace the yogurt. But now my husband is too afraid of me to ask me to find the yogurt. And so, hell just stand there with the refrigerator door open looking for yogurt that is not there. And in those moments where I see him, with the blue light of the refrigerator illuminating his stupid face… as he scans the only three shelves over and over again… In that moment, I think to myself, As long… as I can make him do this… I will never be bored in this marriage. Thank you, guys, so much! Youve been amazing! Good night, Minneapolis.

ARSENIO HALL@SMART AND CLASSY@2019@Ladies and gentlemen, Arsenio Hall. Whats up? -Oh, yeah. Hey. Oh, shit. Ive been coming to San Jose for a long time. This is such a wonderful night. I first came to San Jose opening for The Spinners. Yeah. Way back when yall wasnt as nice to a motherfucker as you are tonight. – You know? Yeah, I opened for The Spinners. I– It was when you would see The Mighty Spinners on the marquee, and under it, Arsenio Hall, and you thought thats where the fucking show was gonna be at. You know? I was at a restaurant– I walked in a restaurant recently and theres a couple sitting in the front booth, lady and a man. And the lady looks at me and smiles, you know? And she has that knowing look and Im like, Yeah. I gave her some Arsenio shit and I did that to her, you know. As I walked away, I heard her say to her husband, Honey, it was the guy from Blade. – I was like… You bitch, you… -Poke your fucking eyes out of there. -Stop it, Wesley! Stop! Yeah. Thats Gods way of putting the Hollywood ego in check. Thats happened to me before. I was– I was walking at Universal City, and theres a family of four coming towards me. And they were all happy and looking for a Sharpie in Mommys purse cause they thought they saw Wesley Snipes. And I knew they didnt know who the fuck I was. I knew it! You know, the kid– The kids was doing this… -I knew they didnt know who I was. And my job is making people happy. Making people smile. And Im thinking I wont even tell em -who the fuck I am, you know? Just let em think they had a brush with greatness. Let em think theyve met Wesley. Why not? -Fuck it. As they got closer, I said, Im going to act just like Wesley. -I kicked the boy in the throat. The little boy, I caught the little boy. He was like, eight. I fucked that little boy up. Caught him right on the Adams apple. Now he has a memory from when he met Wesley. He talked like Miles Davis the rest of his fucking life. Wesley Snipes kicked me in the throat. -Motherfucker said, ‘Always bet on black. I dont fucking get it. Right as I was walking away, -they said, Can we get autographs? – Yeah! Yeah, and Im thinking like thats forgery. -Thats forgery, you know. I know the law. But they were smiling. They were so happy, so Im like, Fuck it. I know what my job is. Im gonna make em happy. Im gonna write the shit Wesley would write. -So I wrote, Fuck the IRS. -Love, Wesley. Yeah. Yeah. Uncle Sam, suck my To Wong Foo. Love, Wesley. -I got creative with the shit. The Asian vagina is the tightest vagina on the planet. Love, Wesley. Oh! I was in Alabama. Arrived at the airport in Alabama, got out of a SUV at curbside. This is a crazy one, Im still in therapy over this one. This is crazy. I step out of the car. Theres a man and his son, and the sons holding a basketball. And the man steps to me, swear to God, man steps to me and said, Excuse me, Mr. Rodman? -And Im like, Oh, shit! -Motherfucker, no, you did not. You did not just mix me up with fucking Dennis Rodman. -No, you didnt. No, you did not. Yo, I know white people have that All black people look alike thing, but stop it, yall! Stop it. Dear white people, you gotta start looking at details and shit. We do not all look alike. And if we do, its us and that nigga over there. -Dennis, hes not with us. Its us, we all look alike. Yo. That fucked me up. He was sincere. He wasnt snapping, he was sincere. And Im like, Look at details, motherfucker. Look at details. I aint got no tattoos, I aint got no nose ring. I aint got no hepatitis, – I dont understand. -What have you seen? Oh, shit. I will kick your son in the throat, mister. I know Im not Denzel, but Dennis, nigga? Dennis? – Oh my God. Fuck. And you know, I think what it is, is when I see Dennis on TV, hes always like crying or some shit, you know, in the news. And everybody look ugly crying. -And Dennis is always crying in a clip. Remember? He brought Trump and Kim Jong-un together. And I think that nigga thought he was gonna get a Nobel Peace Prize cause he… My friend… He was so emotional, he couldnt even say Kim Jong-uns name. That motherfucker said, Kim Yum-Yum. Im like, Kim Yum-Yum? If thats your friend, you should learn his name. -Kim Yum-Yum? Kim Yum-Yum is a stripper I met in Orlando. -Shit. Kim Yum-Yum is… somebody Robert Kraft hooked me up with. -I got a good massage and happy ending and shit. Kim Yum-Yum a bad bitch, but I think he meant Kim Jong-un. Oh my God. – Kim Yum-Yum… Kim Jong-un. I cant stand that little fat motherfucker. Fat-ass. -Bad haircut-having motherfucker. Testing missiles? Test a new barber, bitch. -How about– You know, your fade is fucked up. -You need– You need to ask Trump for a barber from Harlem to straighten out your fade, fat motherfucker. He better stop fucking with us, threatening us. Aint nothing he can do with America. He better make friends testing his missiles. And Ive seen satellite footage of his missiles failing. He dont even know if that shit will work. You know? Ive seen that shit just fall over. Motherfucking missile needs Cialis -or something, I– I dont make missiles, but something wrong with his fucking missiles. Ive seen them fail. Hes like the Wile E. Coyote -of international leaders and shit. Motherfucker got missiles with Acme written on em. He be trying to scratch it out with crayon and write, Un. Dont wanna compete with America. -Were the greatest. Yeah, were the greatest. Maybe– maybe they can have a marching contest with us. North Korean army? You ever seen them motherfuckers march? Thems some marching little nigga s. -You ever seen them march? On the news, if you walk past the TV you be like, Look at them motherfuckers march. They be– The legs be locked and shit. Them motherfuckers be bouncing. Yeah, right? They be marching they ass off. And then they got little tricky shit they do. I saw him salute, and they like dabbed. I dont know what dabbing is in North Korea, but them motherfuckers was marching, -they said… I said… Look at them nigga s march. They like the Alphas or the Qs or some shit. Them nigga s is stepping. We can have a marching contest. We still gonna win cause we America. Ive seen our soldiers march. And… And we got some shit– We got some shit for you. We gonna have our soldiers work out with New Edition before the contest. -Yeah. Right. Now theyll turn that shit out. Itd be, ? If it isnt love, Why do I feel this… ? We turn that shit out. We turn that shit out. -America. Yes. Oh, man. Its a great time to do stand-up cause theres so much going on. At the same time, its a scary time to do stand-up. You think every word could end your fucking career. Even Jerry Seinfeld said that shit is too politically correct. – Yup. -You know? – Yeah! -And by the way, I speak for this whole group. If Jerry Seinfeld offends you, fuck you. -You know? -I mean… -Come on. Jerry offends you? You a little thin-skinned. -You a little thin-skinned. You might wanna fucking join ISIS and get the fuck out of here -if Jerry offends you, you know? You should be at the Damascus Improv this weekend. Get the fuck outta here before we build a wall around your motherfucking ass. Jerry offends you. Its hard to do stand-up. Now you be nervous, you know? Roseanne had the racist tweet. Bam! Everything. They fired her, shes over, and… And you know what? I wasnt as mad about the tweet as I was that she blamed the racism on Ambien. I love Ambien. Yeah, thank you. I thought it was a melatonin crowd -for a moment, but uh… Oh, man. Theres a certain time in life where theres nothing like a good fucking nap. -You know? Fucking Ambien nap. And I was mad, cause I was like– Not at her, but I was like, Ooh, I hope thats not true, and it turned out it wasnt, cause I dont want Ambien to make you a racist. -You know? ‘Cause I wouldnt stop taking it. I love my Ambien naps. I would just be a motherfucker at the mall talking about, White devils! Im sorry, maam. Im– Im sorry. -I had an Ambien nap and I… think I had some kind of racist Tourette, I think. My bad. That would be fucked up if you didnt know what that was, you know? Have an Ambien nap and be walking around saying like, White women smell like baloney. I have racist Tourette, I think. I dont know, I took an Ambien nap. I need a physical. You know whats funny about what I just said? Im looking at some of yall are laughing, but I see one lady whos like, Whats that shit about baloney, motherfucker? -Shes like, No, you tried to slide -that baloney shit. What– Whatd nigga say about baloney and white women? What the fuck? Oh my God. Oh my God… Take a half an Ambien, by the way. A half. Yeah. No, not a whole one. Yeah, youll pee on yourself. -I took a whole one and– Yeah, I took a whole one one time and I thought I was dreaming about waterfalls in Hawaii and some shit. -I just was pissing… on myself, you know? I woke up and my room was smelling like R. Kellys recording studio and shit. -I was like, What the fuck? Yeah. It was embarrassing, you know? I was standing with some sheets. ? I believe I can lie ? I think people who dont curse… are living dishonest. You gotta let that shit out. Be honest. You ever been walking through your house, late at night, in the dark, with no shoes on? And hit your baby toe on a piece of furniture? -Ooh… Yeah, see? I see the look. Yall know what Im talking about. That shit hurt. Yeah. You have– You cant say fudge nugget. -You got to say shit. I believe the pope would say shit if he hit his toe. And I love this pope. This pope would probably say shit and motherfucker, the pope we got right now. Shit! Motherfucker! I gotta get my Birkenstocks. -Ill be damned. God puts extra feeling in that baby toe. And no self-esteem. You ever notice that? I see pretty ladies, no matter how fine you are, your baby toe is like this. -Its depressed and shit. No fucking self-esteem. The baby toe be leaning on the other toes. How yall doin? Yall all right? -Little ugly motherfucker, right? You can feel it in your shoe sometimes, you know? The other toes, Get your black ass off me, motherfucker! Get off me! Rotten-ass baby toe looking motherfucker. Get off me! Just stand up straight. No matter who you are. Your baby toe may be prettier than mine, but its uglier than your other four, right? Sometimes the lady dont know what to do when you go weekly, shes just standing there with an emery board -and like a tear in her eye. Right? She look like the Indian from the pollution commercial back in the day. I dont know what to do with this ugly motherfucker. ‘Cause it wont die, it wont grow, it look the same every week. You dont know what color polish to put on it. ‘Cause you put red on the other four toes, and that one look dark crimson and shit. -You dont know– Do I need a white base? Do I put some pink in it? How do I make that little black motherfucker lighter? And I see pretty ladies laughing. You know what Im talking about. One of the prettiest women in the world is from my hometown, Halle Berry. Agreed? Yes. Halle Berry. I dont care what race you talkin, what age you talkin, one of the most beautiful women in the world. But I saw her– Yes. I saw her with flip flops on. This is true. Dont let this leave the room. Saw her with flip flops on, and I aint going to go too far into this, but shes a perfect ten from head… to ankle. But thats just between us. Thats just normal. Everybody. Your baby toe is… is crazy-looking. My woman has beautiful feet. But that baby toe… Her foot, except for the baby toes, is perfect. But the baby toe, it look like she had a transplant that went wrong or something. Like an episode of Stranger Things, when you look at her baby toes… Look like somebody put Dikembe Mutombos toe on her foot. One time I was getting ready to suck her toes and the baby toe said, No, no, no! And then I was like, Oh, shit. I wish I had that on video. I was at a comedy club and the manager of the comedy club told this young lady when she came off stage that she was banned from the club because he told her not to use the m-word again, and she did. Midget. She said midget and got banned. Were so politically correct. But heres what bothered me. He told her, Thats just like using the ‘n-word, and I said, Err! No, its not, motherfucker. I had to get into shit. I was getting into somebody elses business, but no, the m-word and the n-word, theres nothing like the n-word. Im sure midgets have been through a lot of shit. Dont get me wrong. -I get it. But not like nigga s. Theres nothing like the n-word. If you dont want me to say midget, just tell me dont say midget, but dont tell me its like the fucking n-word. It is not. You dont see no movies where midgets are taken from their people into another country -and forced to pick cotton. Youve never seen a midget– -? Swing low, sweet chariot ? Youve never seen a midget with Kenny Norton in Mandingo 2. -Hervé Villechaize and Kenny Norton. ? Swing low, sweet chariot ? Never seen that shit. So dont, dont do that. Dont do that with the n-word, you know? Nobody ever told a midget, Im changing your name. Nobody ever did that to a midget. Whats your name? – Pecari Maximus. Its like, From now on, youll answer to ‘Itty Bitty, motherfucker. -Say it! Say, ‘Itty Bitty. Its like, -My name is Itty Bitty. Its Itty Bitty. Hey, Fiddler. My name is Itty Bitty now. But its really Maximus. Yeah. Nobody ever gets angry at the sight… of a midget. Right? Youve never seen a Western bar… You frontin. Youve never seen a Western bar where a midget walk in, you know, and a bunch of rednecks be, Look at that fucking midget. Messing with our women. And a very sharply dressed midget is like, Where the white hoes at? Hey bitch, come here. Let me talk to you. San Jose snow, yeah. You wouldnt believe that Im the son of a Baptist preacher. Gosh. When I first started stand-up, my comedy hero used to always approach me and say, Look, a smart, classy comic doesnt have to curse and be dirty. And I used to say, Okay, Mr. Cosby. I was like… I love to say Mr. Cosby in an audience of people. Yeah, that just tears the room in half. I heard some asses getting tight, you know. Right? Over in this area I heard… ‘Cause everybody feels different about that, you know? Yeah, some of you are like, Im so glad he said that. And then other people are like, You know them 60 bitches lied, right? They all lied. There are two sides of the issue, clearly. I remember seeing a picture of all the ladies on cable news and Im like, Wow, thats a lot of women. You know? And I saw people I knew. That affects you. I saw actresses I knew and models I knew. I saw everybody but Oprah and Madea, it felt like. -It was very– It was like… Madea would have whooped his ass, though. That would have been a nice… -a nice UFC fight, Madea and Bill Cosby. – Over a cup of coffee and shit. Yeah, but thats one of my comedy heroes. You know what Ive had to do? Ive had to separate the artist from the man, you know. I mean, the artist has done so much for the black image on television and he made me laugh as a kid and hes given so much money to black colleges. Ive had to separate Dr. Huxtable -from Dr. Fuxtable is what Im saying. -Thats what Ive had to do. Everybody has to handle it in their own way. -You know? I saw– I saw Lady Beverly Johnson, who I know, a model, and she told her story. It was interesting. She said that Bill Cosby put some shit in her drink, but it didnt put her to sleep. She was able to cuss him out and call a cab. And I was like, That goes to prove, once again, you really cant drug an old school New York model. You really cant. She was like, Motherfucker, I take this for fun, Bill. This shit right here? I went to summer school at Studio 54, motherfucker. You cant put me to sleep. How bout if I fuck you, Bill? Come here. Come here, Bill. She wasnt going to sleep. I saw the court trial where the lady got the guilty verdict. Her name was Andrea Constand. And I dont– Did yall see her? Yall see her in the news? ‘Cause initially when she walked in, I saw her walk in, I was like, Oh, shit. Why is Colin Kaepernick here? -I didnt know who that was, you know? And then I realized that was her. I also realized she dont want no dick. Hes guilty. She dont want– You can look at her, she dont want no dick. She has never wanted no dick, Bill. She looked so much like Colin Kaepernick I figured she, before she fell asleep, just took a knee and said like, Motherfucker. Mm. Yeah, see, when youre black, you have less heroes. So this stuff is important to you. You know? Thats why a lot of people cant let it go. Theyre still, I dont know about that Cosby thing. Theres not enough women yet. Tiger Woods. You know, my favorite golfer. At one time, the greatest golfer in the world was a black man. Dont tell him, though. Dont say it to him, he gets mad. -But he is, hes black. Hes black. Fuck them words he be making up. Hes black. Tiger Woods, man. Hes… I think hes finished. You keep wanting– Like he did really well a couple weeks ago and youre like, Oh, Shaq gave him some Icy Hot. -And hed be like, you know… But its just a… a good day. Just one good day. And the other days he golf like Charles Barkley. The other days just like… – That was terrible. – Terrible! – Terrible! And then the fall from that infidelity chapter. Um… I thought he would become a better golfer after all that stuff because Ill tell you, like me, whatever Im doing in life, if my relationship is right, Im focused and Im better at anything that Im doing. But apparently Tiger was better on the 18 holes when he had 18 hoes. Yeah. That motherfucker was good when he was… staying out late with waitresses. Yeah. And then the DUI thing happened with Tiger Woods. I woke up– This is how it happened for me. I woke up, I turn on the TV, and Im like, Oh… Tiger Woods is in the freeway with the police and he aint got on no fucking shoes. And he got no shorts and Im like… And I heard him babbling about pills. I call my girl, I said, Baby. I think Bill Cosby raped Tiger Woods. Im sorry. I was making up fake news. I was like… Thats not what happened at all. You know? I was tweeting the shit already, you know? I had to erase all my tweets. My publicist, Are you out of your fucking mind? Tiger Woods got Jell-O puddin on his back. You know? -And Im like tweeting this shit out. Its like, Motherfucker, thats the reflection of the police light. Thats not Jell-O pudding. That was… Delete, delete. I was making up fake news. I was recently in Washington. There was a protest. Interesting protest against… I guess you would call it white privilege. I dont understand why the owner of the Redskins wont tell Native Americans, Fine. Ill change the name. I mean, theres so many animals we dont use. The lemming. -They could be the Washington Lemmings. You know, everyone follows the fucking lemmings. You know? -We dont– You know what Im saying? Its cause– they were protesting because they dont like that Redskin icon that you have on the helmet, a smiling ass Indian. You know, this is a people. This is not an icon. -This is our native people. You know what Im saying? -Its like– Heres the thing. Sometimes youve got to put yourself in a situation, and thats how I thought about it. Like if there was a team– If I came up here and yall had a new team called the San Jose Light Skin Negroes -or some shit like that… You know? And yall had fucking helmets with Drake on the side, Id be like, Im staying till Monday to march on you motherfuckers. Im marching. Yall cant put Drake on a fucking helmet. -Im staying to march on this bitch. Yeah, I worked… in D.C. and then to, uh… I went to see the monuments. There were monuments Id never seen before, like the MLK monument. And its funny, all the monuments have these incredible things you can read. Theres quotes. And well probably live long enough– One day, theres gonna be, like, a Donald Trump monument in Washington. -‘Cause hes our president. Yes. I know yall may not like it, but its gonna be a little orange monument -with tiny ass hands and shit or something. I dont know, they can get creative with it. And theyre gonna have to put something– Theyre gonna have to put Grab them by the pussy in granite. Right? I mean, thats his greatest quote so far. Grab them by the pussy. The monument you have to rush your kids by. Its like, Come on, lets look at the Reagan one. Dont read that. -Bring the kids. Bring the kids. Its interesting that no rapper ever wrote a song after that incident called Grab Them By The Pussy. Usually hip-hop imitates life, but even the rappers were like, No, we dont talk about women like that, motherfucker. -Thats rude. Uh-uh. You dont grab nobody by their pussy. We are a generation of parents that have to teach our kids, Dont you talk like the president. I done told you, I dont mind you talkin like Future, -but dont you talk like the president. Oh, man. -Kanye should have done a song. ‘Cause Kanye like him and shit, you know? They could do the video in the Oval Office where we last saw them hanging out. A Kanye track called Grab Them By The Pussy might work, too. ? Grab them by the pussy, The pussy, the pussy, the pussy ? That got a– You could floss to that. ? Grab them by the pussy, The pussy, the pussy ? Kanye could turn that shit out. Be number one on the Breitbart chart. Throw some bars in there. Get Trump to sit at his desk. You know. ? Hes taking over the political game ? ? Dont challenge him, ‘Cause that would be insane ? ? Hes the Twitter-in-Chief He piss you off and make you laugh ? ? Bill Clinton asking for his autograph ‘Cause he grabs them by the pussy ? ? Grab them by the pussy ? Yeah, that shit work, right? For Kanye. When I first met Donald Trump, I thought wed get along. ‘Cause rappers used to talk about him and he was liked a lot more then. I thought, you know, we had stuff in common. We both like baseball, we both like politics. We both really like his daughter. -And– I thought it might work out, but, no, it didnt. It didnt. Yeah, I was on Celebrity Apprentice one season. -And– Yes. -Yeah. Yeah, see? The applause used to be larger for that. Yeah. I won Celebrity Apprentice. -Yes. -Yes. The first black celebrity to win. Im the Jackie Robinson of Celebrity Apprentice. But we dont get along. And now people dont give a fuck that I won. ‘Cause he chose me. You know what its like? Its like being a little puppy who won the Westminster Dog Show and then somebody tell you that we dont give a fuck cause we found out Michael Vick was the judge, you know? – Its like, Aw, man. Me and Donald Trump are so different. I saw him eat a chicken wing with a knife and fork once. Yes. Yeah, and when you poor, the whole game, you grow up getting all the meat off the bone. Right? You cant– If Donald Trump was at my house, my mother would slap the shit out of him if he picked up a knife and fork. Fuck you doing with that knife and fork? You cant clean that wing with a knife and fork. I was a wing ninja when I was little -cause you cant get another wing until you clean the meat off that bone. Can I have another wing? No, theres more meat on that. I would decimate a wing, you know? You could take a wing off my plate and run it over to CSI. They wouldnt know what animal it was. Theyd be– I think its a frog, but this motherfucker, he sucked the DNA out of this bone right here. -We dont know what animal this is. My family, we bite the tip off a wing. That pointed tip? And chew that motherfucker. Swallow that. If you cook it well done and you eat that? Cant do that with a knife and fork. Plus, that look crazy. You look crazy eating a wing with a knife and fork. Thats like you coming to bed to eat her pussy with a lobster bib on or some shit like that. -Its like what kind of shit– The optics on that are very strange, sir. Bernie Sanders is back. – Yes! She said, Yes! She had a Bernie-gasm. -She said, Yes! I like Bernie. I would like Bernie if he was my neighbor or some shit, you know? But I dont know, the presidential thing, I think he missed his window. You know? Bernie should have run against Lincoln. -Or somebody. Yeah, Bernie older than a motherfucker, Bernie. -You can look on the internet and find pictures of Bernie throwing tea over the boat and shit back in the day. That motherfucker old. You cant be president if you go to bed at five. Mm. I hate politics. I hate politicians. -You know? Yeah. I– Ive been around a long time and its all the same bullshit. Im a republi-crat. Yeah, that means Im suspicious about all them motherfuckers. Hillary ran against Donald Trump. I dont trust neither one of em. Thats like asking me who my favorite Menendez brother is -or some shit, you know? Fucking Hillary and Donald Trump. I dont know. Erik, Lyle, either one of em. Eenie meenie miney mo. You know whats interesting? I look at the audience and I see people of all colors and everybodys laughing at the same shit. Maya Angelou used to say were more alike than were unalike. -Were all in here doing– Yeah. -Having fun. Gotta laugh to keep from crying. The only real difference in black people and white people is black people like lotion more than white people. -Thats all, really. I read that in a Johns Hopkins report. -Its a brilliant piece. Dry skin is important to us. My mother was like the Dry Skin Avenger and shit. -Dry skin– Like if youre white there are words you dont even have to know. You can tell a lot about a culture by the words they have. We have a lot of words for dry skin. You could be white all your life and never have to know what ashy means. -You dont have to know. At no time did your mother ever scream at you and say, Look at your ashy ass. -You cant go to church with them ashy-ass elbows. Look at your elbows. Get me some lotion. You never dealt with that. Rusty. You never heard your mother use, Look at your rusty-ass -motherfucking knees. You know? If I said to you, Look at your rusty-ass elbows, youd probably say, Will it affect my FICO score? He wouldnt give a fuck cause dry skin is a black thing. -Its a black thing. Yeah, my mother used to get upset about ashy skin. Ive– Ive seen my mother sitting in church and there was a man on her left. He wasnt a relative. I saw my mother– We knew him, but I saw my mother while he was singing, she licked her finger and rubbed it on his knuckles. -Motherfuckers knuckles was ashy. And my mother was like the Ashy Avenger. She– I cant. I cant have an ashy motherfucker around me. Gods lotion, thats Gods lotion right there. I had a conversation with my son. Me and my son were talking about his major. He chose his major and Im like, Hey, you got to choose for yourself. I dont know what to tell you to do. I just hope that you can educate yourself and give back to your community -in some way. You know? And thats– I didnt know what else to tell him. Like I told him, I said, We need scientists that deal with black problems, like somebody to work on the lotion pump. -I told him. Thats the talk youve gotta have with young black men now, about the lotion pump. I told him, We need a scientist– You ever notice how the lotion pump coagulates too quickly? Somebody needs to work on it. I use lotion three times on the hour and sometimes you put lotion in your hand and right in the middle of the good lotion -is that hard-ass lotion booger? That lotion maggot, that little hard motherfucker? You trying to get it out of the good lotion and shit. Sometimes you dont feel it cause youre rushing and you end up at church with a lotion booger on your neck and shit. People just laugh at you. They dont even tell you. ? Jesus keep me near the cross ? Everybody laughing. If she knew Jesus hed tell her she got a lotion booger her neck. Who would have imagined– Like if you went to a psychic two years ago, and they told you, Um… Bill Cosby will be in jail and OJ will be out. You would have said, Give me my fucking money back. -You dont know what youre talkin about. Thats impossible. But here we are. I read an article where OJ said he wants to be a preacher. Yeah, that shit made me laugh, too. ‘Cause if OJ preached, hed have to preach the Nine Commandments, okay? That motherfucker dont know all ten. Come on. He dont know all ten. Anybody got a friend that always got negative shit to say? To the point where you almost try to avoid them? -Anybody? Yes. Ooh, lets talk about them motherfuckers. Just people that– You could say, Hi, first and, Beautiful day out. But they start conversations with, You know who got chlamydia? -Stop, man. Stop. The fuck you bring that to me for? You know? But he said to me, out of the blue, Yo, man. I didnt know OJ didnt like you, bruh. And Im like, What? This is the Butcher of Brentwood -youre talking about, okay? Dont tell me this motherfucker dont like me. Somebody whos been accused of cutting off heads and shit. Dont tell me this motherfucker dont like me. Now thats in me. I cant stop thinking about that now. I went to Vegas. -And apparently OJ lives in Nevada now. Okay, I walk in a restaurant with my girl after my show, we go to have a steak. And I seat her and then I go to the bathroom cause Im over 50. -And… yeah. Some of you know what I mean. You have to pee all the fucking time when youre over 50. There are times when I pee and then Im washing my hands and I say, Hey, I have to pee again. Where did that pee come from? I dont need a prostate check. I should speak to Penn and Teller about this. This pee just reappeared. So anyway, I seat her and Im headed to the bathroom. By the way, dont you hate when bathrooms make us play gender Jeopardy? Cant you just put men and women on the door? -We dont need to guess what the fuck this is and what the garment is– Ive gone to bathrooms and its like an Amish bonnet and a wave cap. -I dont wanna guess. I have to pee. I dont want to guess which is the brothers bathroom. You ever go to a game or something and be in the bathroom next to your son? Ive been at a Dodger game where my son is in the stall next to me and right before I start peeing, its like, Hey, I think Seabiscuit just came into his stall. Its like… -I mean, hes peeing and tearing the fucking urinal up, you know? I see white dust flyin and shit. Right? I still havent peed, you know? -Theres porcelain going over my stall. I see the words American Standard fly that way and Im like, Wow, thats how my dick used to be. Thats how my dick was at one time. And then he finishes, you know. And I say… -But Ill be back. I digress. So Im going to the bathroom, and I think when you fear something, it finds you in life. Uh… Just as I go to push open the door, the door opens and its OJ. -And Im standing like this, and all the shit you said you were gonna say if you saw him. No, Ill just ask that motherfucker, ‘What up, killer? What up? -I didnt say none of that shit. Im gonna tell yall exactly what I did. My hand was like this and I said, Ooh, Juice. Thats exactly what I did. -I dont know what the fuck got into me. Ive never said, Ooh, juice, in my life. Ive been at Jamba and not said, Ooh, juice. He scared the shit out of me. I went from Arsenio Hall to Rue Hall. I hugged him and peed two more times. I was just in Florida. They dont want OJ to live in Florida. Hes living in Nevada, but they wont let him come where he wants to go. I guess he did a lot of crazy shit. He had to do crazy shit when he was there cause theres cocaine kingpins in Florida -but theyre saying, But not OJ. -Fuck that nigga, not OJ. They wont let OJ come down there. I read stuff I didnt even know about. I guess when he was there he had a road rage incident, you know, where OJ was on the freeway and somebody gave him the finger. And he followed em. Because OJ love a chase. Yeah, that motherfucker, he dont care if he in the front or the back. He love a freeway chase. And he followed em. Thats the ultimate sign of bad luck. Whats the over-under, that with all the people riding around Florida, you can give somebody the finger and when you get to a stop sign, you look in the rear view mirror and realize its OJ fuckin Simpson behind you? -Thats horrible luck. Now OJ is coming towards your car, putting on a glove and shit. Motherfucker dropping socks and suddenly your mirror says, This nigga ‘s head may be larger than it appears, and shit. The Juice. He aint OJ like he used to be. It aint like the commercials in the airport, that motherfuckers PJ now. Hes prune juice. That motherfuckers knees– If the light change, he might not get to your fucking car. Its a new day. A new day. You ladies… first generation of ladies to grow up… in a Viagra society. That shit sound funny now, but wait till youre 90 and dont want to fuck. Youre the first generation of women that have to fuck forever. You have to fuck till you die. You dont never get to stop fucking. Your grandma used to be able to get old and water her plants and shit and theres no more fucking now. You guys at 90 are gonna be crazy with that pill, you know? -Motherfuckers 90 years old, I knocked the dust off that pussy last night. -You know? Its like, Oh, Grandpa. Remember you could stop by Grandmas house anytime? You never had to call Grandma. You could just open the door. You could send your kids, Go on, Im gonna park the car. Yall go on in. You cant send your kids -in Grandmas house now. Your kids will be traumatized forever and shit. Kids come back out to the car… Whats wrong? -Grandma was butt naked in a swing. And I dont know what it means. I dont know. It just hurt me. Everythings changing. This has changed a lot. This is my favorite thing in the world. My woman hates this. My phone. Shes like, Youre always on that damn phone. Its everything for me. I pay my bills here, its my flashlight, -its my photo album, its my camera… Right? Its actually everything but a phone for me. How many get mad when somebody call you on the fucking phone? -Its a new day. Right? Youre like, Who– Text me, motherfucker. What old motherfucker is calling me and leaving a voicemail? Look at him leaving a– Oh, thats grandma. She said, ‘Dont come back. She sent the Ben Wa balls emoji. Grandma crazy. This is important. I got a new case. I get a new case every couple months. My girl says I take my phone clothes shopping. I do. I take her, too. You know, I go to the Apple Store and get a new case and I let her go next door to Forever 41. You can tell how important something is by how you react when you lose it. -You ever misplaced your phone? I misplaced my phone earlier today and got heart palpitations. Youre not supposed to get heart palpitations over misplacing your phone. I left my son in the mall when he was little -and didnt get heart palpitations. Thats too important. It makes you crazy. Ive actually been looking for mine and realized I was on the motherfucker. Ive actually said, Wait. Hold on for a minute. I did that today. That San Jose weed -is a motherfucker there. -Oh, its crazy up here. Its crazy. Wheres my phone? Its amazing, all over the world, how celebrities get away with shit. I was reading the article about Oscar Pistorius, the blade runner. He got six years for killing an innocent woman, and now theyre gonna give him 13, but thats still not enough. You all know who Im talking about, Oscar Pistorius, the blade runner, killed his girlfriend? I cant stand that spatula-foot motherfucker. -I cant stand him. This motherfucker– I cant stand this motherfucker right here. He wants his legs in jail, cause they wont let him have his legs. They can be used as a weapon or something. And he wants his legs. Plus, I dont want him comfortable. I dont care what you want. You killed an innocent girl. You should be uncomfortable. I want you in the shower every morning with big South African dicks in your face. -Thats– Thats how you gonna do your 13 years. You know? I wanna see a motherfucker like this… Come on, Mobotu. Stop, now. Stop. Youre uncircumcised. Your dick stinks, stop. Im trying to shower. He said he woke up in the middle of the night cause he heard noise in the bathroom, but he didnt check to see where his woman was. He didnt even look. Come on, guys. You look. You wake up and the first thing you do is you see where your woman is. And if your womans not in bed, and youre a real man, your first thought is, Oh, shit. Wheres my cell phone? Thats your first thought. Yeah. I dont even go to the bathroom. I go to the top of the steps, Baby, you got my phone? You downstairs? You got my phone? Stop fucking around and get my phone. My womans always in my shit. I had to have some Pajamas made. I had pajamas made with a pocket so I can get some sleep. You know? I had pajamas with a passcode made and shit. But shes the Copernicus of getting in a phone. She getting in a motherfuckers phone no matter what phone you got. I remember when I used to have passcode digits. I woke up one night and I heard– This is what I heard: -I was like, What the fuck is that? I look on the side of the bed, shes got my phone doing this: Thats some slick shit. Yeah. Oh, yall know that up here. You ladies, yall aint shit. Yeah, yall know that you breathe on the phone and fog it up and you can see the most frequently tapped password numbers. Yeah, youre like, Uh-huh, thats his fathers birthday right there. Thats what that is. Oh, shes a trip. Hey, I woke up one night and she had my phone, she was over me, and had my thumb, too, and she was doing this -on the new phone. Im like, Hey, give me my shit! Youre not gonna bust me with my own fucking thumb. nigga cant even get an Ambien nap in this motherfucker. I smell pee. Now I got the facial recognition. Its gonna take her at least a week. ‘Cause eventually, shell figure this shit out. Eventually, shell have hair around her mouth looking at my phone talking about, – If loving you is wrong, I dont wanna be right. Hey, were getting ready to do a sequel, yall. Coming to America 2. Yes. Im excited. We old as hell, though, -30 years later. We so old, we wont have to use makeup for the barbers this time around. The sequel was based on a true story. Um, Akeem and Semmi come to America and beat the shit out of Jussie Smollett for that– -Yeah. -Everybodys mad. Every… Nigeria, Wakanda, Zamunda. Everybodys upset at what he did. Its not just Chicago. Semmi, get me the bleach. I mentioned my girl earlier. My woman is younger than me cause Im in show business and… I love listening to her music. And sometimes I realize my oldies are gonna be better than hers. You know? I love the period I grew up in. I grew up listening to The Beatles -and Earth, Wind & Fire, you know? Oh, man, my favorite writer is Stevie Wonder. -Yes. Yeah, if youre in love with somebody, when you get home, Google As, A-S, and play it for the one you love. As around the sun the earth knows shes revolving. Yeah! And the rosebuds know to bloom in early May. Just as hate knows loves the cure, you can bet your mind assure -that Ill be loving you always. -Yes. Fucking Steve. He put his foot in that motherfucker. -My woman aint got no oldies like that. You know, when shes 90, she gonna be talkin about, -? Shake that ass, watch yourself ? I love Mystikal, but thats not a good song for the elderly. You dont want Grandma at Thanksgiving walking with mac and cheese, talkin about, -? I come in with a dick in my hand ? Yo, Grandma. Put the mac and cheese down, Grandma. I love listening to my sons music. Keeps me young. And he turns me onto stuff, I turn him onto stuff. He told me one day, he said, Dad, remember you played Otis Redding for me? And he said, Jay-Z has a track where he samples Otis Redding. And Im like, Oh, yeah. And… when he came home, I wanted him to hear– I forgot what I played for him, but I wanted him to hear Dock of the Bay cause he had never heard that song. And… this is his stereo. So I said when you get home, also, I want you to see my stereo from college, -which I still have in the garage, you know? I took him out in the garage and I said, Thats Daddys stereo. He said, Where? I said, All this shit right here. -All this. Here, help me with this speaker. Help me take the speaker. And we put it together. He said, Dad, whatd you do when you wanted to take the music to another room? And I said, Shut the fuck up -and just help me put this together. Making me feel bad about my childhood. You turn the shit up. You want me to plug it in and pair up the speakers? You lazy motherfucker. We didnt have no pairing. No, you eat a pear back then. You dont pair your speakers. Put all this shit together. I take the red and black wire -and I bite the rubber off and expose the copper, -get it in the hole back here. Help Daddy find this hole. I cant get the copper in the hole. We put it together and I had Otis Reddings Greatest Hits and Im like, I know Jay-Z sampled it, but I want you to hear the totality of this mans gift. You know? And the track… skipped. Dock of the Bay, yeah. I put it on, it said, -Sittin in… Sittin in… Sittin… See, I see some young faces. Yall dont even know what skipping is. Buffering, for you. Buffering. Buffering, for you. But you know what I did? I remembered something my mother taught me. Put a quarter on the arm -and it weighs the arm down and you can play a record that has a scratch in it. I put it on and it worked. And we got to listen to Dock of the Bay. And I heard the words different than Ive ever heard them before. You know? I think when youre a father you listen differently. ? Sittin in the morning sun ? ? Ill be sittin when the evening comes ? And it dawned on me. This is about a lazy motherfucker, this song right here. Thats all you do, is watch the ships roll in and then watch em and roll away again? You aint got no wife, no kids, you cant play Candy Crush. Theres no phone yet. Im surprised you could write a good song. -You dont do shit. Maybe thats why so much of that song is– Mm. Thank you once again for coming out. I appreciate you all being here. -Yeah. Yes. If you can, follow me on all the social media platforms. You know, Facebook and Instagram– I like Facebook and Instagram. Twitter is mean. You ever notice how mean Twitter is? Twitter, I dont know– People follow me, but they hate me, it seems. You know? -Its people who I dont even know. Thats the craziest thing. Were talking to people we dont know. Its like leaving your car door open at a red light and having somebody just get in -and say, Hey, n i g g e r, and then leave. Who was that racist that got in my car? Were entertaining crazy motherfuckers. But Instagram, I never– Maybe its just my followers, or its just me, but on Instagram, pictures, you send a picture, you know? One time I was on a private plane, I sent a picture of my breakfast on this plane and I put hashtag eggs and you know, people were like, Oh, thats cool. Thats cool. And on Instagram you get likes. If you put that picture on Twitter, people would be like, Fuck your eggs, nigga. -You know, its like– So why are they so mean? What did I do? Stick your eggs up your ass, motherfucker. Yeah, Ill take Instagram. Plus, I love the name. Im an OG. I remember when Instagram was a cocaine delivery service and shit. -Yeah. Back in the day. My friend used to run that motherfucker, you know? -Hed arrive at your door, – Yo, I got your gram. -Its Instagram. I got your gram. You get a free coke spoon. Here. I have a picture of Mike Tyson on my Twitter page. This is how mean Twitter is. This is a Sunday morning. I decided to look and see if anybody said anything about my show on Saturday night. I usually dont read the shit. The first thing I see, the guy says, Didnt you and Mike Tyson used to fuck? Whatd I do? Youre following me… Happy Sunday to you, motherfucker. Happy Sunday to you. I didnt know how to take it, it was just so much. All at once.You know? First of all, I wasnt mad that he was calling me gay. I was mad that he was calling me stupid, you know? -‘Cause you dont have to know a lot about Mike Tyson. You dont have to know his win-loss record or who Cus DAmato was, but all of you know that he bit some shit off once. I bet all of yall know that, right? So if youre gay, youre still not going to fuck with Mike Tyson. Thats suicide. Thats an insane move. Nobody fucking with Mike Tyson. Elton John wouldnt fuck Mike Tyson. Fucking Elton John would be like, Not my Rocket Man. You know? Thank you, San Jose. Thank you very much. I appreciate you. ? The pussy, the pussy, the pussy ? And when youre a star they let you do it. ? The pussy, the pussy, the pussy ? ? Grab them by The pussy, the pussy, the pussy ? ? The pussy, the pussy, the pussy ? ? Grab them by The pussy, the pussy, the pussy ? ? The pussy, the pussy, the pussy ? ? Grab them by The pussy, the pussy, the pussy ? ? The pussy, the pussy, the pussy ?

NIKKI GLASER@BANGIN@2019@A NETFLIX ORIGINAL COMEDY SPECIAL Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! Hows it going, guys? Good? Lets get started. Girls, okay, do you remember the first time you found out about blow jobs? Do you remember that day? It should be a different day than the first day you gave a blow job. I hope those were vastly different days for you. I hope you had a lot of time to process that information. I know I needed it. I was… The day I found out about blow jobs, it was a pivotal day of my life. It was… I remember the date actually, it was September 11th, 2001, and I dont know what else happened that day. Devastated. I… couldnt understand it. At first I go, Blow job? Blow? Do you blow on it? Remember that? Remember for a couple seconds you go, Do you blow it? Uh! You wish. You wish thats all you had to do to it. Oh, thatd be a cakewalk. Its much more invasive than that. Blowing on it! No, I didnt… I couldnt believe you have to like suck it. You have to like French a dick. I was like you… I thought I could, maybe like, mwah, like peck it, but you got to French it. All I knew about penises at this point in my life were that theyre these noodly things that hung between a guys legs, they pee from them, and you shouldnt look at your cousin JDs when you guys are getting changed to go swimming. Like, thats all the information I had about penises. And now, ones going to go in my mouth. Okay, I knew that sex was a thing, a penis would go in my vagina some day, but that was… Its my vagina. Like, I dont have tastebuds down there, or whatever… Like, stick whatever you want down there, I cant taste it, okay? So, I was like, Who cares about my vagina? But my mouth? Thats where candy goes. Like, I cant believe you would put a dick there. I was devastated. And you like… You kind of go, Maybe I dont have to do it, maybe its something that not every girl does. And then you realize its kind of your destiny as a woman. Like, youre gonna do it. You know when I realized you have to do it? Is when I found out it was one of the bases. ‘Cause I knew homeplate was sex, and if I ever wanted to have sex, cause I wanted to, I dont know, make a family someday, I was gonna have to… You cant skip a base, if you want kids youre going to have to suck some dicks on the way to those kids. Thats the last thing my kids want me doing. Sex made sense cause it makes kids. What do blow jobs make, you know? And then you find out, careers. And its like, Okay. I do want one of those. I would like to have one of those. I got one. You accept it. Youre just like, Okay, Ill do that someday. Not today, but its going to happen. I… I accepted it the same way I kind of accept death. I feel like, you know when you find out about dying and youre like, Oh, no. I dont wanna die. And its like, sorry you have to, you were born, so someday you have to suck a dick and die. Like, those are kind of like the touchstones of a womans life. You might get to vote and go to college somewhere in there, but then its back to sucking dicks and grave time. And then more information about blow jobs trickles in. Like, okay, if you do a good job at it youre rewarded at the end with a liquid substance. Hold on, before the liquid you will know its about to come because hes going to turn into a demon for a couple seconds. Sorry. Yeah, thats a key part of this whole thing. Hes going to shape-shift… No one warned me about that. Im here to… If someone hasnt had sex before, Im here to tell you before he comes, about five seconds before he comes, he turns… Every man turns into Vincent DOnofrios character in Men In Black. You know the… Thats every man is on his way to that. I dont know. Its just like a… Like a roach crawling out of your eye, just… Its frightening. And youre like, The liquids, I didnt know… I dont know any liquids. All I know about that comes out of a guy is pee at this point. Im like, Is it pee? Theyre like, You wish. Oh God, again. So naive, ‘pee. Its much more viscous than pee. Its… Pee has the consistency of like a Gatorade, whereas semen, its more like a bums loogie, if… Its what it is. I know its gross, but when you like… These are facts and… When you spell it out like that, arent you, girls, arent you just like… Like, were so strong. Like, we… can do anything. Yes. I cant believe we do it. I couldnt believe about that liquid. I was just like, That is awful. Where does it come from? And then you find out it comes from the sack that rests beneath the noodle, the grossest part of a guys body thats covered in hair and every… The balls! Its so gross. The liquids so gross, the male body has found a way to store it outside of the body, because its like, I dont want this in me, either. Its just a… Balls are just a crock pot for the liquid, thats been on simmer all day. And then, it drains into your head. I just… It just kept getting worse. What do you do with it? And thats where you find out you get to exercise your right to choose as a woman. Thank God, finally. Thats… And thats a right Congress will never take from us, ladies. Oh, theyll try. They probably will, but… You have two choices, you can spit or you can swallow. Right, you got to register as one before November 9th. Just make sure you know what youre gonna do. I knew what I was gonna do. I was registered as a spitter long before I ever got in that booth, you know what Im saying? I knew I was gonna spit, because I knew about girls who spit and I knew about girls who swallowed. Girls who spit are grossed out by it, and theyre like… Fuck off, gross. And guys dont appreciate it, but its far better than a girl who swallows, cause I knew girls that swallow… Oh, these sloven whores, they love it. Its fuel for them. Its how they survive. Its the base of a sluts food pyramid. Its just a sturdy base of come. And so, I was like, Im not gonna be a slut. Like, I dont wanna be that. So, when I give a blow job Im totally gonna spit. So, I get in there, I give my first blow job and I swallowed immediately, cause I was like, This is disgusting. Lets get it down the hatch. Take it like a shot. Like, this… is clearly the most efficient way to dispose of this. Immediately. I didnt even have to think twice about it. Ive never spit, and… Ever! If you spit, that means you have to hold it in your mouth as you like walk through his apartment and find the bathroom that he shares with his roommates, you run into them, theyre all watching Varsity Blues in the living room. You have to be like, Hey guys, is anyone in there? Can I get in or…? Oh, so, Andrews in the shower. Ill wait. Its fine. I love this movie. What is… This is such a good movie, I forget. You forget how good it is. Youre quoting classic lines. Im like, I dont want your life. Like, and I can… Its a better James Van Der Beek because of it. Okay, its one benefit of it. But youre doing like a wine tasting, like youre just… And dont get it twisted, guys, a girl isnt… Shes not swallowing cause shes like, Yummy cummy in my tummy. No. I mean, sometimes. Turns out Im a whore. Pretty big whore. But, its usually cause youre just like, This is the way to get it done. Sometimes, if I think a load is gonna be really gross, Im like, Lets deepthroat. So its like a feeding tube, and I dont have to touch it to my taste buds, so… Pro tip. Youre welcome. Some girls love sucking dick. They like love it. And Ive never understood it. Im like, What are you getting out of it? And then I realize, its cause theyre good at it. Thats it. Its as simple as that, truly. If youre… If you love sucking dick, its cause youre good at it. And if you dont like it, if youre like, I hate blow jobs. Its cause youre bad at it. Its… Youre really bad at it. We like doing things were good at, and if youre good at it you would do it all the time. If youre just like, Its such a bore, its such a pain. You suck at it and Im one of you. I could have been good. All it would have taken was one guy to just like give me a compliment early on, you know. Someone to just like show me that I had a little promise or something. Just send me off in the right direction. We just want to be good. And… Its early intervention is key. Like, I feel like true blowjob queens, girls that are like, I love it. It was like one of the first times they gave a blowjob, the guy was like, Youre great, and like believed in them. ‘Cause thats what it takes. It takes one guy. One coach. One youth minister to lay the foundation for a girl. The first time, oh, youre so nervous, and all you want is a guy to just take your chin and be like, Hey, look up. And you go, What? Hes like, Youve got spunk… in your hair, but like the way that you handled my balls is pretty cool. And I think youre on to something. Just anything. Little nudge. And thats why I tell guys, lie to us. Tell us were good and well blow you all the time. Honestly, like, you hook up with a girl and she blows you and its not very good, just lie and be like, That was the best blow job ever. ‘Cause shell just be like, It was? And then, shell like set off on a course to like be the best, and shell go out and shell be like, I was good once. You know? And I know youre like, Why would I encourage a bad blow job? First of all, shes going to blow you a bunch, cause this bitch has never heard shes good. Shes going to be like, This guy gets it. And then, shes going to blow you a bunch. And shes going to get better with practice. Shes going to Malcolm Gladwell that shit, and youre going to have an expert blowing you. Ten thousand hours later, youve got to work with her. Its going to be several years. But shell get there. I mean, I dont know. Just lie… Even if its so bad you cant come. I swear to God, even if… You could be like, That was so good I couldnt come. Id be like, I guess thats a thing. I guess, cool, wow! You could tell that to me tonight, and I just made it up, and Id be like, I guess that thing I made up is true, I dont know. Thats how bad I want to be good. An innocuous compliment from a guy you like means everything. I dont think you guys understand what power you wield, with just dumb compliments. I stand before you tonight, because I did stand-up comedy one time fifteen years ago on a whim, I was like, Ill try it, and I was fine, but a hot guy after the show was like You were great, and I was like Ill do it forever, thank you. I swear to God. Its just… I just needed someone to believe in me, and then I look at the first time I gave a blow job, and Im like, What did that guy say? And it was not… It actually was the same, he was like, You should do comedy. I mean, Im serious. This is so funny, what you think is good. So… I crave compliments. I love them so much. I was an ugly child. So, I like, I saw the people get them and I was like, That looks fun to experience. You know? I was diagnosed as an ugly child at… the age of 11, by a caricature artist at a Six Flags, and… I didnt know until then. I really didnt, you know, and then he turned that canvas around and my dad was like, Thats great. Oh my God, its uncanny. And my whole family was like, Woah! Nik, its you. Im like, Really? Okay, I didnt know I had buck teeth and bushy eyebrows, a Founding Father haircut… a tiny bicycle. But then, I knew. Listen, I kind of had an idea that I wasnt that cute, you know. ‘Cause I had a really beautiful sister growing up. Never went through an awkward phase, she was just so stunning. She literally would stop traffic, when I pushed her in front of it. I tried to get her out of the way. And Im the second prettiest sister and then there isnt another one, but… So, Ive got that, but… People would stop my mom as a child and tell my mom that my sister should be a model, like right in front of me, and be like, This child needs to be a model. And they wouldnt see me at first and then Id emerge from behind my moms legs like Nosferatu, like, What should I be? Just like, desperate to be discovered or whatever. And theyre like, You should be… youre going to be a model train enthusiast, probably. I think you should start collecting soon, cause youre gross. And I was like, Cool. Whenever I see two kids and ones cuter than the other, I always tell the mom, Your kids are cute. I make an emphasis on kids and then I wink, cause she knows. Shell know. And you can get away with a pretty obvious wink, cause usually the ugly one has like a lazy eye situation, so theyll miss it entirely, so you can be… But just dont single out one child as cuter than the other, cause we dont need more female comics. I cant take the competition, and thats how you make them. As an ugly child, boys didnt like me. I was okay with that at first. I was just like, Good, like, I dont want their dicks in my head, anyway, like this is perfect. And then I hit puberty around like 22, and I was like… And at that time, guys started to take interest cause I had sort of blossomed into this like blackout drunk and… they wanted in. But the problem was, the second I thought that maybe I wasnt so ugly up here, I realized I was ugly down here. I have a vagina that resembles a hastily packed suitcase. Yeah, okay. I know there are some bitches that are late for their flights tonight in here, too. I know youre out there. I see you at the gym locker room. I spy on you. Yes, I do. Theres a lot of hermit crabs looking for new shells. Out and about. I know. I used to feel alone. I really did, cause you watch porn and youre like, Wheres my vagina? Thats when I realized, I was like, Shit… Thats not… None of these look like mine. I have a… I felt like a young black girl watching Disney movies. Im like, Wheres one with me in it? Do you want to make one with me? That would have been nice. Oh, you made one with a mermaid before making one with me. Cool. That feels great. But I truly… I didnt know any other vaginas. And why would I? You dont see vaginas growing up. You know? You dont even see your moms. If you do, theres a giant bush in front of it, so you dont know what her lip action is. I had no idea. And now, mine has to be like out, you have to have like, here it is! No hair and everythings out, and guys make fun of vaginas like ours. Dont they, girls? We hear it. Roast beef, five for $5. Cold cut combo. I know they look like meaty sandwiches. I know. We get it, and its just like… Dead on, dude. Its dead on! You nailed it. Thats what it looks like and its funny. Its so funny, thats what sucks. Sometimes, as a vegan, I offend myself sometimes. Im like, Meat is murder. Every time I wipe. Throw paint on myself. Its a whole process. But Im just tired of caring. Its just… And Ive gotten over most of my insecurities. I feel like pretty good, cause Ive done a lot of work up here and a little right here and… Got something on the books for this next week, but… Little snip-a-rooney. Great clips, but I… I didnt masturbate my whole life, almost. I didnt start masturbating till I was 28, cause I quit Zoloft. Yeah, I was on Zoloft for like my whole adult life, and I had orgasms, but what I thought were orgasms turned out to be like okay sneezes compared. Oh my God, I had my first real orgasm off Zoloft and I was like, Why is everyone not doing this all the time? And so I started, all the time. I was chronically masturbating. Like, a 28-year-old woman behaving like an 11-year-old boy, truly. You know you hear these stories from guys that are like, I did it till I bled. I didnt know. I did that. It was my period but it counts, and I still count it. I was… I couldnt stop. I did it on a plane once and got caught, and… She saw me and I was just like, I thought you could in first class. And shes like, No… Also, youre seated in coach and you just walked up here, so that doesnt even make sense. And I go, I thought if I was beyond the curtain. Masturbating now, I just am too exhausted by all of it, you know? Ive too many toys. I got all the toys. As soon as I started masturbating I was like, I gotta get that rabbit. Ive heard about this thing for a while. So, I go to PetSmart and I get that thing, and I returned it, you know? I was just like, This thing bit my clit off! Felt good for a second, then… a lot of blood, but… I got too many toys. And now, when I go to masturbate, I just look at all my toys in the bucket… With a bucket? What the fuck did I just say? I do not have a bucket. I dont want you thinking Im having a bucket of dildos. Its literally a ripped Victorias Secret bag, that I keep in my closet. So, I got to the old dick bucket. I have so many toys, too many. And every time I go to masturbate I have to like look at all of them, and I always feel bad that Im not using all of them. I have some sort of Toy Story guilt with it all. Im just like, Oh, Woody, you used to be my favorite. Ill sit on you. And Ill just sit on that, and Ill put Buzz up here, and then I got something inside me that Im working like this, and I just… Its too much going on. I always feel like a one-man band. Eventually, Im just like… Come on, join in, kids. Like, I just feel like a town square fool. There should be a monkey on my shoulder with a tambourine like collecting coins from passers-by like that is… I feel like Dick Van Dyke in Mary Poppins. That is how I feel every single time I masturbate. Its not hot. Ironically enough, Dick Van Dyke are the three words I type in to find every porn that I look at. So, I need all those elements to really get me there. My porn searches are disgusting. Oh, man, those got gross, fast. Listen, I know what I like. I like bondage. Im into like getting tied up. Im into watching girls getting tied up. I dont… Ill sell it to you, ladies, if youre not into it, youre about to be. Guess what? Bondage, forced laziness. You dont have to do anything to him if youre tied up. Oh, I want to jerk you off, but my hands are tied. Let me out! No, Im just kidding its fine, just leave it. What are you doing? If theres a ball gag in your mouth, no dick in your head. Its just very comfortable. You make it look like a struggle, like, Oh no! Oh! But, its easy breezy, man. They blindfold you, oh my God. And you go, Oh no! I cant see you, how am I going to come? Easily. Thank you for the assist. Its so good. But bondage porn, its always like in a cellar with like dripping walls. Or like a warehouse, and shes just like abandoned. Its like, cant she be comfortable? I dont understand why there always has to be a guy with a welders mask and a purpose, like with a stick. Like, cant it be nicer? But it cant be, theyre always mean to her. And Im just like, Be nice! Like, shes invited all these dudes over. You guys… One of you showed up late, theres nowhere for your dick to go now. And so… I hate that guy. Hes always just like, Where do I go? Its just like, Go fill the Brita, Tony. Why were you late? Like, do something useful. Were all going to be very dehydrated after this. But… no. Then Tonys just like hitting his dick on her shoulder, as if thats doing anything for either of them. And its just like, Look inside yourself, Tony. Why were you late? God! Shes not like a bison on the Great Plains. You dont need to use every single part of her… to honor her. Gangbangs, like, I love gangbangs, but Im just looking for like a respectful gangbang. Like, why not just a nice… Be nice to her. A respectful gangbang, that would just be a girl tied up, and guys doing lots of things to her down here, and then up here guys just brushing her hair and telling her shes strong. Respectful. Its all I want. You know whats frustrating about masturbating when youre a woman, is that you cant really fuck yourself, you know? Like, you can do clit stuff or whatever, but truly, having been penetrated, its hard to do to yourself. Like, this is… And it is hard to come from that if youre like doing a CrossFit sequence, as youre like getting tennis elbow. I mean, its a lot of work and I always give up. And Im just like, This is too hard. And thats why I get so jealous of guys, ‘cause Im like, Jerking off is so easy for guys. Its just this… Thats so… Thats literally… Thats what you do when you think… When you say somethings easy. Youre just like, well fucking bang it out and go to Chipotle, man. Ill just… Just get the reports done, and well go to the game. Like, thats how easy that is. Uh, Im jealous. ‘Cause I like a dick in me, Im sorry. I like getting stuffed. I do. It feels good and Im not going to apologize for it. I just like… But the problem is, and people are like, Oh, then why dont you just go have sex, Nikki. If you want to catch a dicking, go out and get one. Its like, I would and I used to when I drank, but if youre sober you cant just have casual sex. I dont know if anyone here has had casual sex sober, but like, how did you do that? Having casual sex sober, its really… Its a lot more intimate. It turns into an episode of Dawsons Creek for some reason. A Counting Crows song starts playing. Im just like, Whats happening? Its like, Round here. Im just like, Where is that coming from? This has meaning, when it shouldnt. Sometimes you dont want sex to mean anything, and you just want to like bang it out and live your life, but you cant when youre sober. When I drank, oh, thats all I did. If I wanted to like, get dicked out, Id just like… None of this sounds real good. If I wanted to get… I wanted to say I had had sex, but I didnt want to experience it, and thats what would be perfect. I would just be like I feel like getting fucked. And so, I would just blackout drink, hone in on a guy and then like kind of Cosby myself into this situation where… I would bepenetrated that night by a comedian, and not remember any of it. Id wake up in the morning, I wouldnt even know what I had done. And sometimes Im like, Oh dear, is that…? Did I do anal or is that bronzer? Like, I would try and figure it out, you know those mornings? Where youre like, Did I have sex? I dont know. I should know that. Id figure it out if the sheet was stuck inside me. Id be like, Okay, I probably had sex. Thats a classic post-sex old Glase-dog move. I always do a tuck, right. ‘Cause I dont like to go to bed with a soggy vag, so I just like tuck it up. I dont want to be sloshing around all night. And so, I tuck and release, and I dont get yeast infections, girls. Like, its a good plan if you dont want to get a yeasty, just tuck and release, but sometimes youre drunk and the tuck feels so good, and you just leave it, and then it dries overnight, and you gotta peel it off like a Bioré Strip in the morning, and thats… It hurts. You leave behind a paper mache stalagmite on his duvet. Its not a nice way to be remembered. Trying to flatten it when hes in the bathroom. Im just like, Go away. Out, damn spot. There are embarrassing moments like that, but like, you know, most of the time having drunk sex, it made it just a lot easier to just, to get it, you know? And sometimes when Im sober, I got with a guy and Im like, God, Id love to feel that way again. So, Ill just like take out one contact lens just to feel a little off. Just to be like, Maybe Ill make some mistakes and… It takes a lot now, for me to want to have sex with a guy and its because sober sex, its risky, right? Your body, as a woman, when theres a penis in you, and youre sober for it, it like thinks youre making a baby with the guy, so it like shoots off all these chemicals, that are just like… Remember him. You know? Hold on to him. Wait for him. Hes going to provide for you. And I just want to tell my dumb cavewoman brain, like, Im gonna do everything in my power to not get pregnant right now. I hope you know that, and by that I mean the pull-out method. Like, thats the best I can give you, body. And it works. Its worked for me most the time. Im probably barren, thats what Ive determined. Like, its not supposed to work. Ive had one pregnancy scare. It was double scary. It was in a haunted house and I… I was alarmed. Yeah. A woman like jumped out in a bloody sheet and I was like, I havent seen those in a while. And it reminded me that I hadnt ruined a sheet set that I love in over a month. So, I was like, Oh, I should… When you use the pull-out method, you sometimes need to supplement with the morning after pill, which Ive taken a handful of times and… No, I took a handful one time, Im sorry. And… Its different. No, the morning after pill, let me just tell you though, you can take it up to 72 hours. I dont think… thats not in the name, the Morning After. They need to change the name, cause sometimes you have sex in the morning and youre like, Okay, Ive got to wait till tomorrow morning, I guess, to take it. And then you forget and you start a family, so… Its three days. You have three days, and Im trying to get it changed to the Long Weekend After the Holidays… The Martin Luther King Jr. Holiday Weekend After Pill. I think thats… Gives you an idea of the chunk of time you have. And Im getting a lot of pushback from his foundation, but… But you have three days, and Ive used them all before, and its not cause Im like, Oh, Im lazy. Its cause Im just waiting till I need to get toilet paper, too. Im like, Ill kill two birds or three, twins run in my family. I dont really know how this thing works, but… I am willing to take it, especially if the guy asks. Have you ever had the guy ask you to do it? Ill always… Ill do it, especially if he pays. And Im like, Yeah, if you give me fifty bucks. And he does, and you go to Sephora and you pray. And that works. It might cost you a little on the back end, but what other excuse do you have to spend $49 on an eyeliner, so… Isnt it funny when they ask you to take the morning after? Im always just like, Oh my God. Yeah, Ill take it. Its so cute that you think that I want your baby. Like, its so funny that… Dude, I would abort your child so soon, like you dont even… I wouldnt even call you, its so… Oh my God, huh. I wouldnt think twice, Id just go to a clinic and be like, Hey, I slept with a guy who wears tank tops that say ‘rise and grind. And theyd be like, In and out, maam. Lets get her in. Lets go. Well… We need all hands on deck for this one. Its going to be on the house for this lady. Alabama would allow that one. Thats the one caveat they have. Only in cases of tank tops with motivational words on them. Oh, he raped you. Never mind, you have to keep it. I know, sorry, isnt the truth weird? Its so weird. But this is the problem… Is I was sleeping with tank toppy guys a lot of times… last year. ‘Cause I came up with a strategy. I kept sleeping with guys I liked, cause I liked them, and then I would fall for them, and I was like, This is a pain in the ass. ‘Cause they dont text you back and its just like, uh, its annoying. Im just tired of screenshotting conversations between men who will never love me and myself, and sending them to my friends to be like, Whats he thinking? And theyre like, Nothing. Its all blue, Nik. Get a hold of yourself. None of these are delivered, we kind of think he blocked you, so… And so, I came up with a plan. I was like, Oh, Ill only have sex with guys who I would never want to love Right, then Ill never like want them to be my boyfriend. So, I pick a guy with like a necklace, right, like a dangly outer necklace. Not an inside one, cause you cant ever predict those. Girls, weve all slept with guys with necklaces, where we didnt know it was there until we got naked with them, and then you see it and youre like, Okay… I feel like I wouldnt be doing this right now if I knew that was there. I really feel a little bit hoodwinked by you at this moment, but… our shirts are off, so… Ive got to at least blow you or something. Great. Thems the rules. So, I go after a guy with like an active necklace and… Which is good, though, because during the sex its like hanging over you, like swaying back and forth as a reminder… that hes not to be loved… and/or respected, right? Its right there. And you feel good. And they always have a dumb reason for their necklace, too. It infuriates me. Its my grandfathers dog tags. Hold it close. Im just like, Okay, good, at least the spirit of a real man will be hovering over me tonight. Thats a plus, I guess. Someone who actually fought for something other than a parking spot at GameStop. So, I slept with a necklace guy, and I feel good. The next day, I would feel good. I would have like a little whores skip in my step. Like, I just banged, and I dont even care if I hear from him. Like, Im a Samantha. We do exist, right And then Im in line at Starbucks, and Im just like waiting, and I let my thoughts go, I dont know, three thoughts too far, and Im just like… I love his necklace. Like I… love necklaces, and I love him for wearing that stupid necklace. Like, I made fun of him for that necklace, and I think its the worst thing about him, I think it might be the best thing about him, because like his necklace… I made fun of reasons for necklaces, but his is actually good, like he went to Aéropostale, it was on sale and he liked it. So, like… Thats a legit good reason. Oh my God, I wonder where Im going to store my necklace when I move in with him? Like, I wonder where… If he has like a necklace tree. Oh my God, I bet when hes ready for me to move in with him, hell like clean a branch off the necklace tree. And well be in bed on like a Sunday morning, and hell be like, ‘Go check the necklace tree. Im going to be like, ‘Why? Were in bed. I wanna cuddle. Hes like, ‘Just go check the tree. And Im like… ‘Youre being weird. And then I go and theres like a ring on one of the branches. Its like… ‘Oh my God, I cant believe Im moving to Fort Worth, like, this is insane. And then, Im done. And then, Im in love with a guy whos not going to text me back, cause he knew the rules, and its just like… Its not worth my time anymore, so Ive just… No more penises in me. Thats my new rule. No more. And it sucks cause sex, now that thats off the table, man, what do I have? That was the one thing I was good at. If I would hook up with the guy, I would go right from making out, and Id be like, Lets fuck. And it wasnt cause I like, Loved a dick in me. Im just like, This is the easiest thing to do. And Im good at it. I like doing things Im good at. Girls like doing things theyre good at. I am great at getting fucked. I just am, and I know thats braggy, but I was just born with the ability to kick back and have a hole, like, I just like… lean into it. And as a whole, I think… As a whole as a hole, I think it is by far our best option to get you off, is having sex. Its the easiest. I never understand when girls are like, No, I didnt have sex with him. We did everything except sex. Im like, Are you exhausted? Why would you do all the hard stuff? Whats in it for you? Sex at least, like, if you have sex its going to feel good. You could come, you know? You wont, probably, like most of the time you dont, but its like on the table, right? Our options to get you off, just are like… Theyre not great, and we have to get you off. We do, right, girls? You have to get a guy off, cause we all learned about blue balls, right? I grew up in a generation of women who went through a course similar to the DARE program about blue balls, in which we learned that it is our duty to get you off, if you think youre going to get off, you know? If you make a guy hard, its… You have to see it through or youre like a selfish cunt. Like, you… Why did you make him hard then, if you didnt want to make him come? So, do it, you know? If you build it, he must come. You know the rules. Finish what you started. Clean Plate Club You get all these… Like, I will. And I certainly will, because blue balls is a pain. Its a severe pain that I could inflict on a man by not blowing him. Thats so mean. And the pain, apparently, girls, we cant even understand it. We cant. Physiologically our bodies are not made to understand that kind of pain, but I can guess the closest we can get is like maybe a spinal fracture, or like a gunshot wound. Thats kind of in that range. So you go, Oh my God, I dont want to make this guy feel that pain. This guy that I dont really even like that much. So, you blow him or you fuck him, cause youre like, I dont want you to be in pain. Heres the antidote. And then you find out its not a pain and thats a bunch of bullshit. Its not a pain. Its a feeling, for sure. Its a feeling, and I will validate that. It is just like a… I want to. Please, but I want to! Mom! Its not fair! He got to come! Thats it. Thats the feeling. I know, and you cant act that way either, cause youre a man, you know, or at least youre dressed like one, so… You have to like bottle up that intense anger, and it must be annoying, and I get it, Ive felt that way. Ive not come before, like almost exclusively, so I understand… cranky clit or whatever it is to me. I felt that frustration and it sucks. And you feel it as a girl, if you dont make a guy come, and you give him blue balls or whatever that is, you feel it the next day. Girls, you ever spend the night in a bed with a guy and not touch his dick? The next morning, the energy will have shifted in the room. Theres just a palpable anger, that even he is not aware of, but hes tying his shoes kind of loud and youre like, Ah! Yikes! He will have brought you to his place in an Uber black, but then youre going home in a Lyft Share. I mean, things have taken a turn. So, you just make guys come. Like youre just like, Ill make him come, cause I just dont want to hurt him. I dont want them to be mad at me. I dont want them to feel bad or sad, so Ill just fucking… Here, take a come. You can have a come. I was doling out comes all through my twenties. Gave away so many comes, and then I came up with a way to like stop giving out comes, which is I just wouldnt touch their penises. ‘Cause if you dont touch their penis then you dont have to do anything about it. Thats a trick I learned, its like, if you touch their hard dick, its like inviting a vampire in your house, like youre obligated to then do something about it, or whatever that rule is. But you can avoid touching their dick. At the end of a date, I always keep my hands up here, cause Im just trying to figure out if I want to touch their dick or not. But Im just keeping them up here and kind of keeping my space. ‘Cause I havent decided, maybe I do want to touch your dick. I dont know yet. Im trying to figure it out. I probably… Its always between, Oh, do I go home with him or go home and eat? Like, thats usually kind of the battle in a womans mind. Especially me, like, if Im nervous about a date, I usually havent like eaten enough that day, cause Im scared were gonna have sex and I dont wanna fart during it, so Ive like just been like… So, Im starving at this point and Im just like, Im just going to go home. But sometimes, they like… They get frustrated and theyre like, Maybe she doesnt know Im hard. I think that sometimes you guys are like, Maybe she doesnt know. So, theyll take your hand and kind of Helen Keller you, Hey, Im hard right… And youre like, Oh, thank you, papa. Like, I just… I dont know why ‘papa. That doesnt fit either scenario, but we had fun. But then you touch it, and I do like a hot stove now, Im like, I didnt touch it, so I dont have to do anything. Cause if you dont touch, you can just kind of go, Goodnight. And like, float away on a toadstool, and like, go home and eat in bed. And then… But then, if you touch it, you have to… You either have to do something to it, or you have to tell him that you dont want to do anything with it at this point, right? And youre just like, I just dont like you enough now, or Im not comfortable. Its like a hard conversation to kind of have and sometimes… Im better at sucking dick than I am at sharing my true feelings. And so, I blow a guy to avoid telling him the truth. Ive done it so many times. But… I just… For me to make you come now, I just like… If Im not having sex, that used to be my go-to. Now, Im like, I have to blow you? And Im still not confident in my blow jobs and I was… Im trying to get better, but recently I gave one, and 90 seconds in, the same thing happened that always happens, the guy just kind of held my head steady and decided to fuck it himself, you know? Kind of took over and and treated my head like a bird house. Thats how I got through it, is pretending Im a birdhouse. I just… I have no rhythm. I have no natural rhythm. And so, I actually was like, Thank you, take the wheel. I dont know what you want. I just dont have a good sense of rhythm. I may be able to show you a good time, if youve like a metronome on your nightstand, but its just not… Most girls do not like when you grab their head and just hold it and fuck it, but I truly appreciate the gesture and… ‘Cause then I can focus on what Im actually good at, which is going to be surviving this blow job, because my breathing is now up to you, good sir. ‘Cause you dont seem to understand that I cant breathe when your dick is in my head. So, I hope you let me get a couple gasps in here and there. I always feel like Im lost at sea when Im sucking dick, and Im just like emerging like, Coast guard! And just getting sucked back under. Ive got to time them perfectly. And Im good at breathing during blow jobs, cause I didnt know guys didnt know we couldnt breathe, but we cant breathe when your dick is in our head. I have to get it through to you. I know you think we can, because of our nose. Youre like, Your nostrils dont have dicks in them. Like, clearly its an open passage. Its the only way to shut off a girls breathing. Let me tell you that its from within. I dont know whats happening, but when the dicks your head, you cant breathe through your nose. You cant… Its like an inside job. You cant… I cant explain, but its all getting clogged. It doesnt take a big dick. It doesnt take deepthroat. Its just all… And its rarely deepthroat by the way. I just want to just briefly tell you that when you think… I dont know… Sometime you just go, Take it. You know, you jam it and its not like drain snaking its way gently down our esophagus like… Like a boomerang of a lady going down a waterslide. Like, Oh, so fun. Easy does it. No, its jamming into the back… Its crumpling into our soft palate. Im like, Does he know this is a cul-de-sac? Like, theres no way through. Drive like your kids live here, like, take it slow, dude. Hes punching in the… Ramming the back of your head. It hurts. It feels like youre trying to punch through like a game on The Price is Right. Its so aggressive and it hurts. It really does hurt. And I dont know if you guys cant tell cause you cant see, but start to look, youll be able to tell just by just… Its a little thing we do, like, the tears streaming down our face. Thick tears, just like an elephant who lost a friend. Like those, just kind of like… That could be an indication. I couldnt be… I guess I wouldnt have known that, you know, you cant breath if a dicks in your head, had I not been on the receiving end. I dont know, maybe I wouldnt have, but Im here to tell you we cant. And I found out guys didnt know that we couldnt breathe from watching a porn. Not even from my own experience. I saw this guy, and he was using this girls head as a fleshlight, pretty aggressively. And he did the thing where he was like, Take it all. And he… ‘Cause he was mad at his Mom. Clearly, it was something to do with her. She didnt pick him up from school a couple times and she said she was going to make an effort to do so, and she was late and it was embarrassing, and so, hes taking it out on Savannah, and she had nothing to do with it. I mean, it was in the 80s, well before she was born and so… So hes… Take it, bitch. And hes holding her there for a while, and I was holding my breath with her, cause I was like, I got you, girl. I know you cant breathe. Solidarity. Neighborhood Watch. Like, I am on it. So, Im watching… and its about a minute in and Im like, This girls a pro. This is incredible. She must deep sea dive or some shit like that. This is awesome. And then, I saw him see her struggle. And he goes, Oh, you think thats bad? What about now? And he plugged her nose to be like, Take it to the next level. Im like, This fucking idiot. First of all, that is the most worthless, like, What about now? He should have been like, What about now? And added like a fun Mardi Gras mask flourish, that would have been a more interesting challenge. Than this, which youre already doing. So I was like, Oh my God, if this guy thinks she cant breathe now. Like, Im about to watch her die, you know? So I came really hard, and I go back to it and I check in on her and I go… She survived. Im happy to tell you she lived. ‘Cause she knew, and shes smart, and she did her safe word to get out of that, which worked out before which is… And its so… Its the correct pronunciation. I dont know how to spell it, but it is… I think its Yiddish, but its… Thats like a hot sound now, isnt that weird? Porn has made that like a sex sound. It used to… Porn sounds used to be like… And now theyre… Its that pervasive in porn. Its wild. I guarantee you there are at least 14 dudes in here with blood rushing to your dicks right now. Just based on Pavlovs dick response, of just like… Is a girl getting choked by a dick somewhere? Whats happening? And I know you feel bad about it. It feels weird to be turned on by that, but its okay, you just watch too much porn, its fine. Its like, its not gonna be fine when a woman is actually choking at a restaurant where youre… dining with your wife. And a womans at the next table like… Your wife is like, You know Heimlich. Give it to her. And youre like, I cant, I have a boner, and I dont want to put it in her back as I save her life, so Id rather she just like die. So, thatll be weird, but until then… Its just all these things. Im willing to do all of this, by the way. So happy to do it. I like when guys come. Its like, it makes me feel good when they come. Im not… I never want to be a comedian whos up here like, Fucking men. You know? I would love to be up here fucking men, thats a different thing. Thats a… Its a show I aspire to put on for you someday, but… Building towards that. But I just… I am willing to do all this stuff. Its like… And I want you to come, and… ‘Cause, girls, we like when guys come. We really do. Like, it means we can get on our phones sooner, so its like… Oh, good. He did that, and back on Instagram. But I just cant give away any more comes. I just cant anymore. Im 35, and I just… I dont know, if I… I think I just know my worth more. I have value, and like for me to suck your dick, like its… Its like a thousand bucks. Like, I dont know, like you can Venmo me, or well… Hooking up now is just… Its very complicated for me, because Im just plagued by this obligation to get you off, that I cant even enjoy what you do to me anymore, cause Im like, What am I going to do to him. You know? I get fingered and Im just like, What am I going to be willing to take after this? Its like when youre in grade school and you give your friends… Youre like, Lets massage each other And youre doing back rubs. The whole time, Im like, I cant even like this, cause Ive got to rub this bitch next, like… Thats what it feels like, hooking up with you. Every single one of you. And so, I think Ive figured something out. The best hook up scenario I can imagine, and I think you guys will like this, too, is that I get fingered to completion, and then I get out of the Uber. And I feel like that… Ill tip you. Ill throw a tip on there the next time I pull up the app. I know how to do it. Please. I would love that to be a part of the Uber app, Uber finger. It just… Its like you pay more, you pay double, cause its like, its a two-man operation. We cant have our drivers fingering the passengers. So, theres a guy in the back seat, its not even a guy, its maybe a girl. You dont know, hes wearing a mask. They dont… Theyre not allowed to talk to you. Hes maybe dressed like a minion. Its a tie-in with Sony for a promotional stunt. I dont know… Were still working out the kinks. Its in beta, but… Yeah, its a two-man op. It has to be a two-man op, youre going to pay extra until theres self-driving cars, right, and then… As soon as there are self-fingering cars, I mean, youll never hear from me again. Truly… Ill be gone. Id be a real road dog after that. It does take a lot for me to want to do anything to a guy now, cause I just cant, you know? And I would. I would love to, just, I need… And I bristle at even saying this word, but I need more foreplay. And I hate saying that, I never wanted to be a female comic who said, More foreplay. We need more foreplay. I like… I looked at sitcoms in the 90s. I saw housewives on those shows be like, Well, if he had more foreplay. I just heard foreplay and Im like, You should never ask for more foreplay, guys hate it. Because I hear audience members go like, Boo, foreplay! And the dudes would be like… And then the girls would be like, Tee-he, we relate. And then theyd get beat on the car ride home, so I was like, Okay, Im never going to demand foreplay. Id never had sex, but Im like, This foreplay thing, Im going to let it slide. I dont give a shit. Stick it in dry. Pay me $0.80 on the dollar. I should just be happy this guy wants to stick his dick in my ugly head. I truly believed that. I was like, Im never gonna complain about foreplay. And then I started hooking up and Im like, We need more foreplay. Hand me a fucking blazer with shoulder pads in it, and give me some high-waisted jeans, frizz-out my hair, cause we need more foreplay. Like, I just… Im with those 90s bitches now. You didnt listen. I dont understand what to tell you. I have been fingered when Im dry so many times this year, it is truly an act of terrorism. I am so sick of it. You should not ever finger a dry vagina. Ever! It should never happen. When you get fingered, when youre dry, as a woman, its the same as if we took your limp dick, and we were just like, Come on. We would never do that to you. I dont even look at a limp dick. Like, I wouldnt touch one. I dont look at one, cause I know youre not proud of it. So, Im like, I wont look at it until hes ready for me to see it, and to meet it, okay. So… I treat it like your wedding dress. Im just like, Ill let him show it to me when hes ready, for good luck or whatever the hell. I never look at a limp dick, and Im dying to play with a limp dick. I would love it. But I dont even let myself. I dont get to, because I respect your boundaries. But if I could, oh, Id do this, and Id stretch it. You can stretch it and it does… They dont care, until they wake up and theyre like, Hey, will you cut it out? Its so fun. Theyre so fun. Oh my God. But Im serious, guys, like you got to cut it out with the dry fingering. Its truly… Its devastating. It sucks. And Ive tried different ways to avoid getting fingered while dry. Thats why my pants keep getting higher and higher, as Im building in more track time for me, when youre on your way down, to make myself wet. Im just like, Get wet. Get wet for the summer. Get wet. And I never do, you always get down there, and then I hear a squeak, and Im like, Fuck, he thinks Im menopausal. Ive gone as far as like, if I know a guy is going to be worthless, Ill finger myself on the cab ride to dinner with him. Just to get a nice sheen going before we break bread. I dont trust you anymore. Yeah, sometimes, guys when they spit on you, its like almost insulting, because sometimes I work so hard to get myself wet, and I want to like show it off, and sometimes guys will… Like, just do that and Im like, Umm… Dont salt your food before you try it. Like can you at least like… Respect the chef, like, I… Oh God. I asked my friend the other day, Im like, What do you do for foreplay when you hook up with a girl? And hes like, I dont know, I really like fucking on the couch. I think thats pretty cool. Okay. Thats what they think. They think as long as its out of the bedroom, that counts. Fully penetrating a woman on a couch. Foreplay. No, foreplay is… Its simple. Its kissing. Its compliments. Its going to therapy. Its just… Work on yourself. Whisper in my ear that youre ready to address your anger with your dad, and Ill fucking… Youll get an alert on your phone about a flash flood, Ill get wet so fast. Evacuate caves! Like I… I can get wet. I just… Dry humping. Man, I get turned on just thinking about dry humping. I could ride a knee into the goddamn sunset. Give me a knee. A knee clad in denim and I can just get up on it. Like Don Quixote up in this bitch. I love dry humping. I want to invent a move called The Reverse Santa, where a girl just… You get… They face you sitting down, you get on their knee. You grind it out. You tell them what you want for Christmas. They call you a good girl, and then you take a picture. And thats… Coming to a mall near you this holiday season. Thats what I want. Just do stuff to us that isnt our vagina. Like just keep it dry before its wet. I think dry humpings great. We all are wearing jeans now, like this, that have like a seam… Right where the seams meet theres like a bump. Its called a clit nobbin. Thats the name that Levi Strauss gave it in his blueprints for the original 501s. But thats good, you use that and just… Thats a huge bump there. He put it a little low, cause every guy thinks your clit is like where your hole is. Just like, Oh, he thought it was where the hole is. So, youve got to hike it up, but.. And it is hard to locate a clit. I dont mean to like judge a guy for not knowing. Sometimes I look down there, I dont know where the fuck that thing is hiding today. Keep a little post it on it now, its easy to locate but… You got to be sucking clit. Do you guys know about that? Clit stuffs important, and sucking clit is where its at. I didnt know anything about sucking clit. I would have done the same thing that you guys do when you go down on us. If I went down on a girl I would have done the same style. I would just rub my face in it until I hit something, like, thats good. I like that. Keep that. I do enjoy it. Its like when I play video games, I like press all the buttons and I win. Im just like, just same logic. However, you got to be sucking clit. Let me tell you about this. I didnt even know about sucking clit until I got sent a toy that did it for me. This woman had heard me talk a lot about how I… For me to have an orgasm, I need like a lot of pressure, peer. And so… Shes like, You need the Womanizer. And I was like, Yeah, Ive been trying to slide into John Mayers DMs for a while now. And I was like, He writes, LOL and then he just kind of peters off. And shes like, No, Im talking about a tool. And I was like, Yeah, so am I, but I guess hes… I like some of his songs and… So… we had a little back and forth, a little whos on first. And then she sent me this toy and it blew my mind, because you put it over your clit and it sucks your clit. It has three settings, its low, medium, squirt and then it… I swear to you, you can squirt. I didnt think I could and now I know I can do anything. Like… We can do anything. I never could squirt and I wanted to, cause I think its such a cool power move. Like, just to just dump a quart of water on a guys bed and be like, Peace. And just like, Catch you on the flip, dude. Like… Nothing cooler than that to me. No, its like sucking clit makes sense, dude, it really does. Because clits and penises are pretty much the same thing, like the same nerve endings. So, what you really need to treat it like, is like go down on a girl and suck her clit like you would a tiny version of your penis, okay? I know that feels weird to say and to even do, but I swear to God, if you go down there and you just treat her clit like you would your tiny little penis, and you suck that tiny little penis… youre gay. Youre so gay! Thats the gayest shit I ever heard. Why would you do that? Dude. No, its fucking great. Do it. Please, do it. Thats the best. So, when you… So, next time you go down on a girl, Im not kidding you, find her clit and you latch onto that thing like a barnacle on an old boat. I swear to you. Just latch on and dont let go until the captain sprays you off. ‘Cause shes gonna. Oh, shes gonna. And then, you swallow. No, dont do that. Youll drown. That would be cool. And Im like, Take it all. Hes like… Is that feminism? I think I just stumbled upon feminism. Thank you guys very much. Youre fucking rad. Thank you for… Thank you so much for coming. Thank you for being here. I love you. Thank you for watching at home. Thank you. Good night.

BILL BURR@PAPER TIGER@2019@ Ladies and gentlemen, please welcome Bill Burr! All right, thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. How are you? Excellent. Thank you for coming out. Very prestigious… arena to listen to my d!ck and sh!t jokes over the next… [chuckles] …90 minutes. No, Im excited to be here. I am. Its very, uh… [audience whooping] …exciting to be doing stand-up outside of my own country. Yeah. No, not cause of you! [laughter] Its how its become. fucking US, everythings so goddamn… Every fucking joke you tell, Well, what did you mean about that? I didnt go to the gym today. Are you calling me fat? I feel fucking triggered. [laughter] Gotta fucking apologize to everybody. This is how screwed up my country is right now. You… You know Bryan Cranston, right? [audience cheers] That dude did a movie. He played a quadriplegic… and people gave him sh!t… [laughter] …being like, Why is there an able-bodied person playing a quadriplegic? Its like, Its because its called acting, you dumb fuck. See, if he was a quadriplegic playing a quadriplegic, thats not acting. Thats just fucking laying there, saying sh!t that someone else wrote. [laughter] So tell us, what did you do to prepare for the role? Well, I dove head-first into the shallow end of a pool when I was 23. I feel like Ive been preparing for this role for my whole life. [laughter] Right, what is up next for you? Oh, well, theyre gonna do a reboot of Top Gun. Uh, Im gonna fly… [mumbling] And, uh, the copilots gonna be transgender. So everybody will be happy. She wont die. Her discarded d!ck will block her head from the canopy. Therell be a gender-neutral bathroom on the plane. [laughter] How fucking dumb is that? Thats literally like watching a movie, Why didnt you have a murderer play a murderer? And how come the guy he shot, I saw him in another movie? I mean, what the fuck is going on? [laughter] No, I dont know what it is. I dont know what it is. I dont know what the fuck is going on… but I think white women started it. [laughter] [cheering and applause] Oh! Its the worst. The fucking worst. Thats all they do, is bitch, moan, and complain. I had no idea how difficult it was to be a white woman in the United States of America. Evidently, its really difficult. [chuckles] [laughter] Yeah, theyre always bitching. Do you have any idea what its like to be me? Well, I imagine it would be slightly less awesome than my life. [laughter] [laughs] What happened to you today, sweetheart, huh? Did they not chill your rose? You know? Was the trolley not running down at the mall? What happened? No, its unreal. Im really fucking annoyed how white women have the fucking balls to throw my white privilege in my face. You know? Start to separate themselves from these white males, with their white male privilege. Its like, Bitch, youre sitting in the Jacuzzi with me! The fuck are you talking about? Yeah! Quit your fucking whining. Look… heres a little caveat here, so you dont think Im a complete asshole right out of the gate, all right? If you fucking… If youre living some Honey Boo Boo lifestyle on the Appalachian Trail, you know, and your uncle just banged you in the dirt, all right, I can listen to you. No, one of my fantasies is I wanna drive by, like, a womans rally and just say the most sexist sh!t I can think of… just to watch them lose their minds. You know, just drive by real slow and be like, Yeah, why dont you get back in the kitchen where you belong? [chuckles] Just to look in the rearview mirror, watching them, ah, flipping out in the road. Spinning around like Leatherface at the end of Texas Chain Saw Massacre, like… Ah! Ah! Ah! Yeah. No, its a very, uh… I dont know, times are changing, I guess. I dont know. Yeah. Michelle Obama‘s doing an arena tour. Thats another thing going on. Im gonna say that again. Michelle Obama… [laughter] …is doing an arena tour. Shes not playing comedy clubs. Shes doing arenas. When did First Ladies start acting like they got elected? You know? Dude, being a First Lady, thats not a fucking job. Just standing there, smiling and waving. Hey? Look how quiet it is in here. Why is it so fucking quiet? You think thats a job? Its not a fucking job! Dude, if you really think its a job, just look at him. Right? Look at Obama. When that guy got elected, he looked like he was about 41 years old. When he left office, that guy looked like he was about 73. Right? Look at Michelle. She looks younger now than she did when that dude got elected. What has she done for the last eight years… [cheering and applause] …yeah, other than lay in a giant vat of Illuminati-level lotion? Just sitting there, floating. A couple hours, a shape-shifter comes in and dumps another bucket on her. Heres some more… more of this. She pops her head up: Hey, Bam-Bam, tell Stevie Wonder to come down and play some songs tonight. [gurgles] [laughter] Yeah. I found out shes doing a tour, cause shes doing a book tour. Yeah, she wrote a book. She wrote a book about not having a job. [laughs] I gotta read that fucking book! Chapter One, how to know if a d!ck tastes presidential. [laughter] How to weed your way… [whistles and applause] How to weed your way through all that local representative cock and get to the big swinging d!ck in the room. [chuckles] Ill tell you right now, say what you want about Republican Presidents, but they got their First Ladies in line. [laughter] They do! Dude, George W. was President for eight years. Eight years! I dont even know his wifes name! [laughter] What was it, Abigail or some sh!t? Maggie? No clue! Donald Trumps wife stands behind him like a giant meerkat, like… [laughter] [chuckles] Bill Clinton was President, his wife never shut up. Ah! I wanna do healthcare! Ah! He fucked around on her so much. He was like, All right, whatever, just do it. [laughter] [chuckles] But Im telling you right now, Im gonna check out that fucking tour. I gotta see what thats all about. You know? Who opens? Who opens on that fucking tour? Was it Oprah Winfreys husband? You know? [laughter] Does he fucking come out and talk about what its like to walk her dogs? I do it for 20 minutes a day. The cocker spaniels probably the most fussiest, and I gotta bring him around. Look, Im sure that theres some, uh, feminists in the crowd right now not appreciating this joke, feeling triggered, feeling like they need to fucking put out a hashtag or some sh!t. And be brave and speak out. You know what? Youre full of sh!t. [laughter] You are. [cheering and applause] All… All those feminists are full of sh!t. ‘Cause Im gonna tell you right now, someday… someday, theres gonna be, theres gonna be the first woman President. All right? Which means… [cheering] You dont even know what her fucking platform is, and you automatically cheer. [laughter] Ooh, ooh, its got the same genitalia! Ooh! fucking… Im telling you. Theyre not smart people. Feminists, theyre not as smart as theyre coming off, Im telling you. Someday… theres gonna be… This is going to be my last show ever by the time this fucking thing comes out. Someday, theres gonna be the first female President, which means theres gonna be the first male First Lady. Right? And you wait. You fucking wait! The first time that dude opens his mouth about some political sh!t, you watch all these feminists. Theyre all gonna be, You shut the fuck up! You shut the fuck up! It is her time now. It is her time. She was elected, not you! Go pick out some plates, bitch! You are the First Lady. [chuckles] Hes gonna get treated like Tom Arnold when he was with Roseanne. [laughter] Secret Service name will be, like, Appendix or Doesnt Matter. ‘Not Worthy of Protecting just entered the Oval Office. ‘Not Worthy of Protecting. So, anyways… Theres been, uh… The #MeToo movement has happened since the last time I was here. Yeah, no, it had to happen, Jesus Christ, but, you know, I think its dying down. You know? I dont know, I think they got everybody. [laughter] Right? [chuckles] Just judging by the stories, I feel like they kind of got everybody. ‘Cause the first stories that came out, they were fucking unbelievable. It was just guys taking their d!cks out at work, like, Look at it! Look at it! Ah! Ah! Ah! fucking blocking doors and jizzing on plants. Youre fucking at home watching, Jesus Christ, people did this sh!t? I remember this one poor woman said she was a PA, went into some directors trailer, and he came… allegedly, came running out, masturbating vigorously while holding a shrimp cocktail. [laughter] [chuckles] I swear to God! I know thats fucked up, but I gotta tell you something. Its a little bit funny that she felt the need to use the adjective vigorously after she said he was masturbating. He was masturbating vigorously. Im thinking in my head, Like, as opposed to what? [laughter] As far as I know, there is only one successful way to perform that act, and that would be vigorously. Is there another way to do it? Can you do it passively? You know? Is that how Sting does it? Is that how hes able to fuck for hours and hours? Fans a little air on it. He puts on Fields Of Gold. Just lets that thing rise up. Just… Just letting it marinate, right? [chuckles] Yeah, so the stories were big in the beginning. Like, Oh, my God, what a bunch of fucking animals. And then they just started tapering… tapering off. And about, I dont know, six months in, they just sounded like bad dates. It was like, He was… He was ten minutes late. The chicken was cold. I think I was raped. Career over! [laughter] What about my side of the story? fuck your side of the story! You have a d!ck and balls. We dont wanna hear it! Yeah. Its really weird how the whole thing… It went from, like, nobody listening… men not listening to women at all, to just this total over-correction that anything they fucking said means it happens, you know? They got these hashtags like, you know, Believe women. Believe women, right? Thats a little open-ended, huh? Just straight across the fucking board, all of them? Every last fucking one of them? What about the psychos? What about the ones that key your car and light your sh!t on fire cause you didnt fucking answer a text? What about them? Huh? How about you believe, like, 88%, and that last 12% thats out of their fucking minds… You know, I think thats a fair percentage, wouldnt you? No? Are you too afraid? To not believe? I know, thats the world were fucking living in right now. No, everything has just become fucking absolutes. In… In… In the States, its fucking nuts. Like that Colin Kaepernick guy, right? You knew when he was, like, protesting during the national anthem, no one was gonna listen to what the fuck he had to say. No matter how much he explained it. He goes, Im taking a knee during the national anthem. This is a protest about police brutality, the way people of color are treated. Wed like to open a dialogue. He got halfway through, then people were like, My brothers fighting in Iraq, you fucking piece of sh!t! Its just like, Buddy, buddy… nobody is saying your brother isnt in Iraq fighting. Youre not listening. This is about police brutality– My brothers a firefighter. He watched 9/11 on television! No, no, no, buddy, nobodys saying that your brothers not a firefighter. I have a bone spur in my heel! I can still stand up during the fucking song! Buddy, nobody is saying you cant see a fucking podiatrist. All right? Youre not listening. Thats what it became. It went from not listening to women to just believe women, right? And then people were just like, Did you see that story? Did you read the story? You cant make something like that up. I literally wanna be like, Well, did you see Star Wars? [laughter] I mean, somebody made that up. They made, like, fucking 15 of them, you know? People can make sh!t up, right? Youre part of the fucking problem! Get the fuck out… You know? [chuckles] No means no, thats another one. No means no. Its like, no, it doesnt. All right? [laughter] Look, No! means no. No! That means no, all right? [in flirty voice] But, No, stop it, what are you doing? Oh, my God, youre being so bad. Stop it! No! Yeah, thats not a fucking no! That means, I wanna do it, but Im afraid youre gonna judge me, so Im just gonna make it look like it was your idea so you dont figure out that Ive already performed this act with 40 other fucking people. Right? [laughter] But then… then you go to court and you get a bad reading. Some guys reading it. [in serious voice] Ah, Your Honor, she said, ‘No, stop it. What are you doing? Youre being so bad. [laughter] Yeah! And youre just sitting there like, She didnt fucking say it like that! She didnt say it like that! Yeah. So now everybodys just, like, scared sh!tless. You know? ‘Cause I guess if women ran the world, thered be no war. Evidently, there would be no due process either. So youve just gotta sit there, going, Ah? Ah? Huh? [laughs] No, its fucking nuts. People are so scared now. You now have the male feminist. Like, where the fuck did that come from? Just out of nowhere, last couple years. Im a male feminist. Ive always championed women– No, you havent. You havent! This sh!t came out and youre fucking scared. You did something. You grabbed some fucking titties. What the fuck did you do that you have to over-correct that fucking hard? What kind of a man who still has his balls is walking around saying that hes a male feminist? Oh, Im a male feminist. I totally see the way you see the fucking world. Its… Its impossible… as a man who was raised right… [laughs] [laughter and applause] …to be a feminist. You cant do it. Youre a man. Look, you can agree with it, you can empathize, sympathy, you can do all of that sh!t, but you cant be it any more than I can stand there and just be like, Im a Black Panther. Fight the power! And then I walk out the door, a blue-eyed white dude, and I get to live that fucking life, right? I dont know. I dont know, ladies. I dont buy it. Maybe you do, I dont. Anytime I hear a guy say, Im a male feminist, I always just think, That is the most pathetic, limp-d!ck way ever to try and get some pussy. Right? Like, thats literally… that is literally the fucking game you had when you were on a first date when you were 16, you were all nervous and your whole game plan was, Just agree with her. Maybe shell touch it. [laughter] [chuckles] So, what are your favorite bands? I like whatever you like! Will you touch it now? Did I do it right? Uh… Yeah, its a weird time right now. Im glad that Im fucking married now. I dont gotta fucking deal with any of that sh!t. You know? For younger guys, how do you deal with it? You know what was really fucked up in all of this, though? What about women who like it rough? Right? That doesnt happen here in the jolly old England? Huh? [laughter] Not at all! Everybody gets all dead silent. Big fucking elephant in the fucking room. Right? Yeah. -[man] Ask for consent! How the fuck do you… Whats that? [man] Ask for consent! Ask for consent? Doesnt that take the mood… Well, Jesus, that kind of took it in a weird way. [laughter] [chuckles] Dude, whatever the fuck I was saying, however you heard it, thats not what the fuck Im saying. All right? [laughter] You know, Ive really listened to this Me Too movement. I think for the first time in my life, Im gonna ask for consent! Im really gonna do it this time. Ive been feeling… This is why you cant judge comedians. Do you understand? Do you understand what the fuck I was saying and how this fucking jackass just heard it? You know? The second… [cheering] Yeah! The second it comes out of my mouth, its not what I said anymore. Goes into your fucking ear hole and gets cut with your whole fucking childhood. Oh, this is what he means! Da, da, da, da, da, da, da… [laughter] Sir, if I could get along with my point, if you wouldnt mind that. [laughter] No, like, fucking women who like it rough, like, thats gotta be so fucking weird. [chuckles] I remember when I was a single man a long time ago. A lot of hair ago, right? Still wasnt a good look, but I was single. I was out there, taking some at bats. I remember that sh!t. Youd meet a woman, and when it started going down that road, like you knew you were gonna hook up, youd try to get a jump on it, right? Youd try to figure out what they liked in the bedroom because you wanted to satisfy them. Theres nothing worse than if you dont satisfy them, and you know theyre gonna tell all their friends, and then you gotta fucking move, and now theres social media and you got a fucking nickname… Its a nightmare. So, you just try to, you know… You try to do a little fucking intelligence. Youll be there, hanging out, just being like, Yeah, so, uh, what are you into? What do you, uh… What do you like to do? Right? One night, I asked a woman that, she set her drink down, she looked me right in the eye, shes like, I like to get fucked. [chuckles] And I knew what she meant! All right, this is gonna be one of these. Okay, here we go. Just trying to… [laughter] Were gonna have to go hard on this one. Right? We had a great fucking time. I dont know how I would… Today, I would just be like, All right, I know what you wanna do, but, like, youre gonna have to do it. You understand? Like, Im just gonna stand here, and then you just back into me however hard you want. You control how hard youre backing into me. Then Im gonna lay my hand on your shoulder. You can put your ponytail in it. I will slowly close my hand around it. And if at any point you want to yank your head like that, thats on you. My other hand will be just to the right of your right ass cheek, and if you wanna do one of those, thats fine. But I am not doing anything. Im just gonna stand here like a giant fuck stick, and you just have at it, you just have at it. Yeah. You know whats hilarious about sexual assault? [laughter] [chuckles] You know whats hilarious about it? Is how women are acting like that is a uniquely female experience. You know whats funny? I actually, to the letter of the fucking law, within the last two and a half years, got sexually assaulted in this business by a woman. Yeah! And this is my story! [laughter] [chuckles] I feel like I can live my truth and be brave tonight and share this with you. Its a 100% true fucking story. I was doing stand-up, I was doing a private gig. All right? Private gigs are the fucking worst. You do a public gig, anybody can show up. It broadens what you can talk about, right? You do a private gig, its like everybody grew up on the same fucking street, so all your jokes gotta go right down fucking mainstream or youre bombing. So all you do is listen to the first comic to hear whats working and what isnt. Youre just listening as hes up there struggling, going, Okay, they like bread. Talk about bread. Get all the bread you can. Dont make fun of the troops. Stay away from the troops! Right? So thats what were doing, right? And the host gets them going, then he brings up the first act. Okay, she goes on stage. Shes not really a comedian, more of a personality. She does her bullsh!t or whatever, and Im standing there, looking at my jokes, figuring out what Im doing. She wraps it up. He goes on stage. She goes to get off. Im thinking, Okay, Im next. Im looking at my stuff, and she just walks right by me and just fucking… poof! Just flicked me right on the head of my d!ck and kept walking! [laughter] Like it was nothing. Just fucking… pow! And just kept… I couldnt fucking believe it. I know what youre thinking. Oh, was this a friend of yours? Was she flirting with you? Was this a joke? None of the above. You know what it was? I swear to God, it was like a bully vibe. Like she was trying to get in my head. There you go, you little red d!ck. Poof! Follow that! And she just kept walking. Dude, my first thought as I saw her walking away, I just wanted to punch her in the back of the head as hard as humanly possible. Like, literally make her leave her shoes. You know? [laughter] But the other side of my brains like, No, dude, you cant do that. You cant do that. Its a woman. And its just spitball. Well, fucking boot her in the ass! Boot her in the ass! Cant hit her, dude. Cant hit her. Its a woman. Well, fucking tell somebody! Tell somebody! And all Im thinking is, like, Dude, Im a guy. Cant fucking tell anybody. Nobody gives a sh!t what happens to a guy. Im gonna walk up to another man and be like, Excuse me, sir, but she just flicked me in my pee-pee, and I didnt like that one bit. No, sir! I didnt like that at all. No, I didnt! All the guys are gonna be like, Dude, if she did that to me, I wouldve taken my balls out, too. fucking flick both of these. fucking sports bar, up top, Super Bowl, hey! Right? Thats all I wouldve got, right? So now Im standing there, Im waiting to go on stage, the dudes doing my intro, Im trying to think about jokes about bread, and the tip of my d!ck is still stinging. This is the world Im in. And right as hes gonna bring me on, all of a sudden, she came out, cause she was going back out to her fucking car, and thats when my brain started firing up again with some ideas. Started thinking sh!t that I had never thought before in my life. Going like, Dude, there she is. There she is. Flick her in the box. [laughter] Do it, man. Equal rights. She did it to you, you do it back to her! It started making sense. Yeah, fuck that! Flick my d!ck, Im gonna flick your clit! Thats right! Ill fucking hit the man in the boat. Drop down, uppercut to the bush. fuck this sh!t! Think Im the kind of person you just can flick my d!ck and walk away like it aint sh!t? Right? And it was making sense till right when she got there, finally, I just started thinking of all the sporting events I had watched, and I realized that the referee only sees the retaliation. He never sees the first aggression, and then you have to go to the… yellow card, whatever the fuck you people do over here, right? You go to the penalty box! So I let her go, and I went out on stage. I did my sh!t. But here was the thing. For the next three fucking days, Im driving round LA, and Im just losing my fucking mind. You know? Im fucking screaming at the windshield, saying all this sh!t that I wanted to say but didnt say it in the moment. You know? It wasnt because… This is the thing. It wasnt because she touched me. You know what I mean? I dont give a fuck about that, all right? You know, when I was a kid, I had a paper route and I was an altar boy. You know? [laughter] Yeah. Youre gonna have to do a little bit better… than flick my d!ck over my jeans and my underwear. Its like, Are we gonna do this or what? Like, what is happening here? Its the fact that she thought she could bully me. So after fucking three days of this sh!t, I had a splitting headache, and I started realizing, Wait a minute. Shes winning this thing. You know? Here I am, still thinking about this sh!t. Shes probably gone on to flick 30 to 40 d!cks since shes been with me. All right, she doesnt give a fuck about me. So, you know what I did? I drove to my house, there was nobody home, I went upstairs, I closed the door, and I just sat down and I meditated on it, and I just forgave her. I did. [applause] I just pictured her as a little five-year-old girl crying because her alcoholic dad, you know, wouldnt hug her or something. And shes just standing there crying, like, But, Daddy, I love you! Hes like, Get away from me! I never wanted children! And then he walked through a screen door and he, like, face-planted into this above-ground pool. And he had a tool belt on, and it just sort of pulled him under. And she ran out, she grabbed his foot, and she was pulling and pulling, and his boot came off, and she sat down, and she just watched him slowly drown. [laughter] I dont know what happened after that. I just felt, like, this weight lift off of my chest. [chuckles] So, there you go. All you tough guys over here in England, dont be afraid to meditate, man. Im telling you. You can let a lot of stuff go. I dont know. [man] Whoo! [whistles] Do you know… Im all right with silence. You dont have to feel like you have to do anything fucking extra. Just relax. If its funny, fucking laugh. If it isnt, just fucking sit there, and Ill know its time to move on. [laughter] Uh… So, anyways, Im a married man with a kid. Happily married man. Yes, I am. [cheering] I… Yeah, I love my wife to death. I love everything about being fucking married, but Ill tell you this right now, we do fight a lot. We do argue all the time. If Ive learned anything in five years of being married, it is were always working on me. You know? [chuckles] Evidently, my wife is this completed work under museum glass that is to be admired and studied, like, Hmm, how did she do that? And Im like one of these… You know those buildings that just has scaffolding around it for, like, six straight years, and youre like, Are they ever gonna finish that thing? Is that some sort of insurance job? Jesus Christ, what a piece of sh!t! They should just tear it down and start over again. Yeah. I have a temper, so thats the thing. Thats what kind of ruins things. Everything else I do is fine, but I have a fucking temper and it just ruins sh!t, and then my wife always says the same thing. Shes always just like, I just dont understand. Where did that come from? Where is that coming from? You just go from zero to 100 in two seconds. Its like, first of all, I idle at 75 miles an hour, all right? So dont give me this zero to 100. I walked into this restaurant 75. I could hear that guy talking too loud on his cell phone from the fucking parking lot! [laughter] [chuckles] Yeah. I fucking tried all of this sh!t… Whenever she says that to me, though, I swear to God. I just dont understand. Where is this coming from? It actually hurts my feelings when she says that. You know? ‘Cause it makes me feel like shes not listening to me. Its like, Honey, how many childhood stories do I have to tell you before you follow the breadcrumbs to the absolute lunatic that you married? [laughter] Didnt she ever take a psychology class? Im not that complex! Like, Ill tell you guys a quick… Ill tell you a quick childhood story. Ill tell you one of the funnier ones. One time, when I was, like, six, my older brother was eight, we were in the back seat of my dads car, and we were, like, laughing and excited cause it was around Christmas. Right? And my dad just had this thing. He just didnt like joy, you know? [laughter] So hes sitting there driving, going like, Jesus Christ, knock it off back there! Christ, youre giggling like a couple of little schoolgirls! Christ, you dont straighten up, Im gonna buy you a doll for Christmas! And then he did. [chuckles] I swear to God. He made us hold them up. My mothers taking pictures in front of the Christmas tree. Im just standing there, like, Wah! Wah! Afterwards, I ran upstairs to my top bunk. My dad knew hed fucked up. To his credit, he came up, he tried to smooth it over. Hes like, All right, come on back down. Its over. Come on down and enjoy the holiday. And Im like, No, I dont want any gifts, I fucking hate you! Ah! Right? He eventually coaxed me down, you know? He just… He softened up a little bit. Look, you dont get your fucking ass back downstairs, no one else can open their gifts. Now move it out! I said move it out! I go back downstairs all shell-shocked. Heres another gift for you, Billy. Im like, Is this a fucking dollhouse? When does it end? Yeah. That was Christmas, and those were people that loved me. [laughter] I just dont understand. Where is this coming from? I just dont understand. So, I gotta do it, though. I gotta work on the temper. Im gonna do it. You know, I got the kid now, and I just dont want… I dont wanna pass it on to her, you know? I have, like, a demon in my family tree. Like, this fucking rage, its just… You know? Just keeps following us, and now I got it. I have it so bad, like, literally, my daughter, shes a little over two years old, shes yet to meet me yet. You know? Like, the real me. Shes seen glimpses of me. Like, Hey, how are you? [chuckles] Shes seen glimpses of the anger, but Im able to smooth it over quickly. Like, Whoa, Daddy almost snapped his phone in half! [laughter] But I see it in her face. I can see the way she looks at me. Shes starting to put it together, like, This dudes a little fucked up, man. Hes a little fucked up. I cannot tell you how heartbreaking that is to see from a toddler… much less your own daughter. Im like, I gotta end this thing, man. This rage, it has to end with me. I cant have an angry kid just walking around, fucking kicking toys, fucking bullsh!t! and just being, like, a lunatic. I want to be like that priest in The Exorcist when the devil got in him, and he just fucking leaps out the window and dies. You know? So I have been fucking trying everything. You know? I tried, you know… I dont know, I tried… meditating, wearing sweaters. I did that for a while. Like, if I dressed like a regular guy, Id be one. I drew a smiley face on a Post-it and stuck it on my dashboard, like that was gonna help with my road rage. You know, driving down the street like, You mother… Oh, yeah, I guess Ive done that too! Thank you, smiley face. [laughter] I remember one night I actually considered taking a bath. ‘Cause I was gonna call my wife, I was on the road, and I was like, I dont want to have a fight with her. I need to relax. What the fuck can I do? And I thought about it. Women take baths, right? They do. Its a very feminine thing. They have a bad week. I just wanna decompress, and they just have a soak, and then theyre just fine. Next thing you know, theyre drinking wine, calling friends. Im so glad youre in my life… and I feel I can get back out there again. Right? So Im literally alone, I start drawing a bath, and the water came all the way up. And at the end of the day, I couldnt fucking do it! [chuckles] Theres just no way as a man to take a bath and not think about killing yourself. You know? Theres just something about slipping into that coffin-shaped thing. Its like, Am I gonna slit my wrists? Am I testifying against the Mob? What the fuck am I doing here? Im a man! I dont take a bath, you take a shower. Hose it off, block out your feelings, keep walking till you drop of a heart attack. Literally, as youre going down, Are you okay? Im fine! Im fine! [laughter] Cant take a bath. Sitting there playing with a rubber ducky, sticking my toe in the faucet. Right? Not allowed. Not allowed to be that happy, so… I dont know what Im gonna do. I think Im gonna go back to therapy. Do that fucking bullsh!t again. Fast-forward through all these stories Ive told a million times. I gotta do it, though. And Im gonna do it for my kid and do it for my wife, and, selfishly, do it for me… because… -[woman] Whoo! -Im gonna tell you why. Youre not gonna like the results, miss. [laughter] This is why Im gonna do it. If I actually dont have a temper, like, I just think to myself, What could my wife complain… Like, What could my wife bitch at me about? Right? I fucking crush everything. I do. I take out the trash, okay? The gate was squeaky the other day. I fucking made sure that was done, you know? I pick up after myself. I like to think Im a good dad. I work my ass off. I make a great fucking living. Crush all of that. All she has on me is who I am as a person. [laughter] Thats it! [cheering and applause] Yeah, if I could just not be who I was when she met me… I think Id have a shot, you know? So, we figured out the number one thing we fight about is television, you know? I watch sports. She watches those Real Housewives. You know, it just doesnt work out. You know, I… You guys have The Real Housewives out here? You do? Yeah. Yeah. Its just… I imagine its just the most depressing fucking thing ever, isnt it? Those women, they just look so fucking exhausted, you know what I mean? Just with the war paint and the circle tits, just trying to fucking tuck it in and fucking… Like an athlete at the end of their career, just trying to limp on to the field one more time. Theyre not as fast as they used to be. It reminds you of your own mortality. Its just like, Ladies, just fucking sit down. Put on something flowing. Ill put on a sport coat. Well be in bed by 8:30, right? Were fucking old, you know? So, we realized that, uh, I dont know, we always fight about the television, so Im like, What about documentaries? Why dont we just tape something we both like? We both love documentaries. Theyre fun, right? You watch them. You learn something. You repeat it at a party. People think you read! [laughter] So I tape… You know, first one I tape is on Elvis Presley. Right? Now, I love Elvis. Okay? He fascinates me. Hes, like, the first rock star with the power of television. They just intersected, and he ascended to this level of fame that no one had ever been to before. Hence, he made all the mistakes cause there was no one there to help him out. Right? He got a piece-of-sh!t manager that stole from him. Bam! He stopped making music, started making sh!tty movies. Hes not a good actor, right? Does that. Married a minor, started doing drugs, got fat, got an entourage, got even fatter, started wearing onesies, doing karate kicks, splitting his fucking pants. Nobodys saying sh!t. You look good, King! You like that? You like when my royal balls hang out? We love it, King. Keep fucking going! Starts doing pills, gets addicted, he fucking dies alone on a toilet. All right? This man kicked open all of those fucking doors for the rest of us. All right? So I sit down, and Im watching this documentary as a white dude. Which is what I am. Im looking out my white head, watching this white sh!t, its coming back into my white eyes, getting whiter by the fucking second. All right? Now, my wife, on the other hand, shes black, right? Now, I hate saying that, cause it makes it seem like Im gonna start doing some stupid comparison jokes. You know, those dumb white guy, black guy jokes. Its always like the white guy is like, Oh, Jesus, I gotta do my taxes. Can this chair hold me? The black guy is always like, You need to loosen up, you gotta relax, man. You just gotta let it happen. Right? [chuckles] Its always the same stupid fucking joke. I hate those jokes, you know, cause theyre easy, and its been my experience that its just not true, you know? Fifteen years of being with her, theres really no difference, you know? Because at the end of the day, its a woman. [laughter] All right? Its gonna be the same fights. I dont give a fuck who youre with. Im not gonna lie to you, there might be more head movement and hand gestures with different races of women… possibly an index finger jabbing at your forehead, whatever the fuck that is. But at the end of the day, its the same fights. Whats going on with us? Do you need to work on this? Why dont we communicate better? Right? So she starts watching this sh!t as a black person, right? And shes seeing all the racism, obviously, that Im seeing, but she was catching all this subtle sh!t that I was too white to see but I knew I was missing it cause I just kept hearing her huffing and puffing. Just sitting next to me, being like… [huffing] And Im just sitting there like, Okay, somebody did something! [laughter] I dont know what just happened, but I dont think that was good! So right when I didnt think it could get any worse, it couldnt get any more uncomfortable between the two of us, this fucking white dude comes on who, evidently, discovered Elvis. And hes, like, a hundred and fucking 90 years old. And he comes out, starts talking. Hes just like, Well, basically, I was looking for a white boy that could take the down-and-dirty, nasty blues and combine it with the pristine, angelic sounds of bluegrass. Yeah, thats what he was doing. He was subtly putting black sh!t down here while he was propping up the white sh!t. You know? The down-and-dirty, daddy-not-sticking-around, drug-infested neighborhood blues, with the Jesus-as-white-as-me, hair-the-color-of-the-sun, angelic, bluegrass-playing music, right? So, at this point, my wife has, like, fucking steam coming out of her ears, so I make a judgment call. I just fucking shut it off. Right? And she looks at me. Shes like, Why did you shut that off? Why did you shut it off? I was like, Because youre about three minutes away from yelling at me like I produced this music. [laughter] All right? Lets just forget it. Well watch something else. Shes like, No, why cant we just watch the rest of this and then discuss it afterwards? Its like, I dont want to fucking do that. I just wanna watch a documentary! I dont want to have a fucking lecture… because of these fucking assholes. I didnt do anything! Im just sitting here watching TV! Not to mention, were just gonna get into an argument. Shes like, Why would we get into an argument? Im like, Ugh. All right, you know what? Because not for nothing, there was some black people in there saying some sh!t that I didnt agree with. Im not huffing and puffing. Yeah… I said that. [laughter] Like a fucking idiot! And she just looks at me. Shes like, Like what black people? Like what black people that said what? And at that point, its like you started the luge, right? You cant get off the fucking sled. Now you gotta have the argument. Like, Oh, fuck, here we go, guess were having this. And Im like, All right. All right, the black guy brought up leg shaking, saying, ‘Elvis took leg shaking from us. Its like, really? Leg shaking? Nobody thought to fucking do this? Black people came up with that? Youre telling me that? Ill even give you that! Lets say you came up with that, but where did that black dude learn how to do it? Didnt he watch some older black guy do it? But what? ‘Cause hes the same color, hes not stealing. Hes just carrying on the tradition. But if Elvis does it, ‘Oh, what the fuck? Now hes the biggest thief ever? That doesnt make any sense to me. She goes, No, you idiot, its not about the leg shaking, okay? He appropriated a culture. He took all the music, he got all the money, got all the fame, hes called the King of it now, and he never gave a sh!t, not even a shout-out. And I was like, All right. [laughter] Fair enough. Made about seven or eight good points there that I cant refute. [laughter] He appropriated a culture. I get it. Youre right. She goes, Fine, thank you. And I go, However… [laughter] Not for nothing, do I get mad at you when you get on a skateboard and you start going down the fucking street? Do I get all offended, like, ‘Hey, man, thats some white sh!t! Stop appropriating my culture, man. Some dirty white kid in Santa Monica came up with that, man. So she starts laughing, and I shouldve stopped there, but Im a comedian, right? Im like, Ooh, Im getting a laugh. Theres gotta be a bigger laugh, so keep going, Bill. Lets come with another example. So Im like, Yeah, do I get mad at you when you fly from LA to New York in under six hours? And she just, yeah… [chuckles] Yeah. And she just stares at me. Shes just like, That was fucked up. [laughter] I was like, Yeah. Yeah, I know. It sounded good in my fucking head and then it came out. I just… I was just going for the laugh. And then she wouldnt let up. Shes like, Why is it fucked up? Why is it fucked up? So now Im back in the classroom, and Im like, Because… if, historically speaking, black people enjoyed the same amount of freedom and privilege, they would have had the money and the time to figure out how to fly, too. And she goes, Thats right. And I go, However… [laughter] …your music wouldve suffered. [laughter and applause] Yeah! You cant have my level of freedom and privilege walking around with that cul-de-sac, ‘It really is gonna be okay! and come up with that painful, beautiful music. You cant do that. Next thing you know, youre clapping on the fucking downbeat, youre playing a washboard, right? James Brown is line dancing. All goes out the window, so you gotta make a choice! Either you learn how to fly and your music sucks… [laughter] [chuckles] Oh, I just noticed this thing came off. We cant have this. Theres gotta be continuity between the fucking shows here. Oh, Jesus Christ! This thing never comes off. Its right when you tape a fucking special, then everything just falls apart. Royal Albert Hall, huh? Where did you buy this mic stand, huh? Where the fuck did you get this? [cheering and applause] You know the mic stand guys all fucking pissed off. Right, thats a jolly good fucking mic stand. fucking Yank! fucking Yank… Everything fucking falls off on him. [laughter] How dare you! The Queen comes down here and sits in a box and watches the show! You know what I heard about you guys? [laughter] Actually, by the way, Ive been over here for a week, and as an American, I gotta say something. You guys are pretty fat, too. [laughter] [chuckles] [cheering and applause] Yeah. Specifically the men. I dont know whats going on with the men, but I dont give a fuck how fat you get, youre gonna pour yourself into your skinny jeans. They still got them. Its like youre squeezing all the fat to the top like toothpaste. Right, still wearing me same jeans from primary school! [laughter] [chuckles] Um… I dont know, but anyways… You know what Im afraid of? Robots. Yeah. I saw one get interviewed on 60 Minutes. The top journalistic program in the United States. And hes just sitting there getting interviewed, not nervous at all, just rattling off all the fucking answers. You know? Not smoking, not fucking, you know, leaking oil, whatever you would do as a nervous robot, right? And the reporters asking him questions, and in the end, he goes, So, tell us… Hes like, uh… Hes like, What are your goals? And I am alone in a hotel room, and I literally lean towards the TV. Im like, Do these fucking things have goals? [laughter] And the fucking robot just answers. He just goes… uh… He goes, What are your goals? And the robot goes, To become smarter than human beings. Yeah! And the reporter just blows by it. Hes like, Okay, and whats your favorite color? [laughter] Meanwhile, Im standing on my bed, yelling at the TV, like, Dude, unplug that fucking thing! Take the batteries out! Pull the wire… Pull the wires out! Do something! How many sci-fi movies do you have to see before you realize where this is going? So, anyways, every smart person, every super-smart person in the world is saying these fucking things are gonna kill us. Even your boy here, he recently died. What was his name? He was always sitting down. [man] Hawking! [laughter] Hawking, Stephen Hawking, yeah! Too good to fucking stand up and make his point, just sitting down, all fucking smarmy. [chuckles] Oh, I care so much, I poured ice on myself! Um… And I showed off my abs at the same time for the Gram! No, Im just fucking with you. I am so glad that guys fucking dead, though. You know? [laughter] Look at you guys. How much longer did you want him to suffer? You dont believe in an afterlife? Maybe hes up there now, his fucking legs work, hes getting an angelic blow job. How much longer did you want him to fucking sit there so you could feel better about yourself? Well, at least Im not all fucking twisted up, saying smart sh!t, right? I couldnt fucking stand that guy. He was so fucking negative! He never had anything positive to say. Hey, Steve, what have you got for us today? In 2035, there will be no more apples. Thank you, Steve! Thanks a lot. Wasnt thinking about that, now I am. Hey, so whats the solution? Its too late. We needed to try 40 years ago. Thanks a lot, buddy. Im gonna go cry with my child now. Dude, I could hang out with that guy for about three minutes before I took the brake off his chair and just zoomed him into the other room. [laughter] Hey, Steve, come back here when you got something dumb and positive to say. Yeah. Well, listen, I agreed with all of these super-smart people thinking that these fucking robots were gonna kill us. Right? I agreed with all of that sh!t until, a couple of years ago, I was in New York, and I was looking through a newspaper, right? And I have a whole new fucking theory. But in order for me to tell you my theory, I have to quickly take you back to the deep, dark, sordid history of the blow-up doll. All right? I know theres a lot of millennials here, young people. You probably dont even know what one of these is, all right? With your fucking… I dont know what you guys do, your virtual reality glasses, you know, fucking free porn flying by. Youre grabbing titties, whatever. Whatever it is you do. Right? [laughter] Back in the day, this was the deal. If you were a person and you wanted to have sex with somebody else, but, like, nobody else wanted to have sex with you… and, you know, you werent strong enough to hold anybody down, I mean… [laughter] You had to go… You had to… Thats how it was! You had to go out, and you had to get a blow-up doll. And you had to fucking go out and get it. You had to fucking go out and get it. All right? You couldnt just order it off of an Amazon and some delivery guy shows up. He doesnt know whats in the box. Youre standing there like Tom Hanks, Hey, how you doing? Great to see you! [chuckles] Im gonna fuck that, and you have no idea what it is! [laughter] No. Dude, you had to go down, and you had to fucking get this thing. You had to find a porno store. You had to work it out that it was far enough away from your house that no ones gonna recognize your car. You drive down at, like, 11 in the morning. Who the fuck is gonna be there then, right? You park in the back on, like, a Tuesday, just sitting there in the car, psyching yourself up. [exhaling] Okay, Im not hurting anybody. Its just an urge. Just get in there, okay? Hand him the money, just get in there and get it done! You yank your hat down. You fucking walk in with all your courage. Then you get in there, thered be too many other perverts in there, and you get all psyched out. So what you do is you just grab a bunch of videotapes, and you walked up to the counter. And you had to make it look like it was an impulse buy, right? And youre walking up, and everything, all the creepy sh!t, was behind the counter, right? Just fucking heads and feet, just an ass, body parts. Serial killer buffet. What fucking world am I entering? Oh, my God, somebodys fucking a neck? Jesus Christ! Right? And you set it down. Just make it look real subtle. Okay, buddy, is that gonna be all? Uh, yeah, no, maybe that thing down the end with the surprised look on its face. Maybe Id like to take a shot at that. I dont know. The guy wraps it up, you finally get it. You give him the money. You fucking run out to the car. You have this whole weird emotion. Youre, like, excited and you hate yourself. Thank God, I finally did it! What the fuck is wrong with me? And just drive off. You go back to your little sh!tty fucking apartment, and you had to blow it up quietly so none of your neighbors heard. Just like… [blowing] Then you got excited, started going a little faster. And just watching this thing slowly coming to life, just like… [laughter] [applause] Right? And then youd wrap those rubber legs around you. [screams] And God forbid you got caught. Your roommate comes walking in, Hes fucking a blow-up doll! Dude, your life was over! You had, like, six minutes to get your mom on the phone. Mom, I love you, and youre never gonna see me again! Dont believe what people said about me! Im so sorry! Im going to Alaska! Oh, God, God! Click. That was it. You moved to Alaska. No one ever saw you again. And thats why, to this day, if you go to Alaska, theres, like, eight men for every two women. Yeah, cause that state is littered with men who got caught fucking sh!t they shouldnt have been fucking. [laughter] So, now, fast-forward to about 2016, Im in New York City, right? And Im looking through the newspaper, whatever, and I come across an article, and its on this robot that, for $10,000, you buy this thing, you can have sex with it. Right? Now, notice, five minutes ago, I brought up a blow-up doll. Didnt even have a joke, just said blow-up doll and you all laughed. Ha ha ha ha. A blow-up doll. Who would do such a stupid thing? Right? Thats weird. Five minutes later, I say, A robot that you can have sex with, dead silence in here. [laughter] As if, collectively, you were all just like, Well… [laughter] What does it look like? Im not gonna lie to you. It still looks like a dead body, but it looks way fucking better… than that blow-up doll from 30 years ago. And thats what scares me. Because everything gets better. Right? You look at when cars first came out, the stupid horn… Ah-oo-ga. You had to crank-start it, youd run over your best friend. Now you can start one up with a remote control from, like, 50 yards away. Right? Remember when airbags first came out? They just had one for the driver. [squeals] Ah! My family! [laughter] [sobs] Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Why would you just save me? [laughter] And then, eventually, they got airbags for everybody. Well, these robot sex dolls are gonna be no different. Okay? Theyre just gonna keep getting better and better and better, and these fucking nerds are not gonna be making any regular-looking robot dolls, right? You know, some girl next door, you know, just some plain Jane, the chick your mom likes, being like, Well, theres a nice girl you could settle down with. She knows how to cook. fuck that. Theyre gonna make Victorias Secret supermodels, just absolute, like, Paris runway-looking supermodels, and youre gonna come home to one of these things and its gonna laugh at all your jokes. [robotic laughing] Its gonna sit down and watch the game with you, like, It doesnt get any better than this. Yes, it does! Ah! Ah! Ah! And its gonna get up and make you a fucking, I dont know, Bundt cake or a meat pie, whatever the fuck you people eat, right? [laughter] Theres not gonna be a human woman in here thats gonna be able to compete with that… for longer than 90 minutes, even on your birthday! By the third trip to the fridge, shell be like, fucking get it yourself! What am I, your slave? Go fuck yourself! And after youve been with one of these robots, like, sex dolls, youre not gonna be able to go back to a real woman. Right, with all her hopes and dreams… and her needs. Youre gonna be coming home. Shes like, What is going on with you? Were not connecting. We need a date night. All youll be thinking is, like, How do I shut this fucking thing off? What, is it on nagging mode? Why isnt it blowing me right now? I clearly entered the room. I entered the room. Its supposed to drop to its knees and blow me. I dont understand. Yeah, like, your ego is gonna be at, like, a dictator level. Like, Me and my man tits have arrived! Service me! Say that I am your lord! Yeah, thats it. Youre not gonna be able to go back to a real woman, and then nobodys gonna be fucking women, so theyre gonna get lonely, so theyll have to create a doll for you guys, right? A giant fucking… I dont know what you guys are into. I dont pretend to know. Like, some giant Brad Pitt-looking fucking robot doll, fucking eight-pack abs, a robot d!ck down to the floor. You know? Holds both your hands when you tell a story. All right? [laughter and applause] Whatever youre into! Opens a bottle of wine at 12 noon. Its got to be five oclock somewhere. [robotic laughing] Yeah. I think theyre gonna fuck us into extinction. ‘Cause at that point, the only people left having sex with other human beings are gonna be hipsters and the homeless. Right? Because hipsters, they love all the old sh!t, right? Cassette tapes, Frisbees, dressing like a cobbler… Whatever the fuck it is theyre doing, right? But even a homeless guy, you know, after, like, I dont know, a couple of years, hell be able to drag some old, one-legged, fucked-out robot model out of the trash, drag it back to its lair. That thing will still be building him up, you know, just laying there, like, I dont think you smell that bad. [robotic laughing] This is my favorite bridge. [robotic laughing] Yeah. And were all gonna fucking die off, and whats gonna be left to fight these robots off is gonna be an entire generation of hipster spawn. Yeah! And theyre gonna go to war ironically. [laughter] Yeah. Dressing… Dressed like… I dont know, fucking growing Civil War beards, dressing like Star Wars action figures, and they are gonna get fucking slaughtered! And right when they get down to the last 30, theres gonna be a liberal robot going like, We should save a few for posterity. Right? And theyre just gonna stick them in a zoo… and be this little hodgepodge of what was left. You know, black, white, Latin, Asian, gay, straight, trans, whatever. Whatever the fuck, right? And theyre still gonna be arguing with each other. The robots will just be standing outside, going, I love it when they cross their legs. [laughs robotically] [laughs] Yeah. And this is the fucking world that I brought my daughter into. Like, I actually… am legitimately scared about them. I dont know. I gotta tell you, though, becoming a dad was the greatest… is the greatest fucking thing that ever happened to me. It really is. I dont have any jokes about my kid. No, it is. [cheering and applause] And youre applauding my wife. She did all the work. Yeah. Yeah, knocking a woman up, thats easy. You just have fun. You… Unprotected sex, bam, you knock them up, and then they have to deal with it. You know? No matter how much they try to drag you into it, it really is, its their show. You know? I always say my wife… When my wife was pregnant, Id say, My wife, you know, shes pregnant. Then I have these people like, Excuse me, youre supposed to say, ‘Were pregnant. Youre supposed to say, ‘Were pregnant. Its like, Well, Im not a seahorse, so Im not fucking pregnant. My wife is pregnant. Shes putting on weight, her feet are swelling up. You know, shes miserable. fucking miserable. Im still doing pull-ups. Im crushing it while being pregnant. Im still drinking, smoking, yeah. [chuckles] No, the only thing that sucked was I had to get rid of my dog. Yeah. Had to find her a new home. Well, I finally had to admit that she was fucking crazy. I got a crazy rescue dog and, uh, yeah, it was one of these fucking dogs, man. It tried to kill both of my parents. It tried to kill my father-in-law. It bit one of my friends. Id have family come over, friends or whatever, wed have to stick it in the back room, like, lock the door. For the first hour, itd just be throwing itself up against the door. Ill fucking kill all you motherfuckers! Ill kill all you motherfuckers! Looking under the door, I can see your feet! I know what you smell like! Ill follow you home. Ill find you. Ill fucking kill all of you! And we were just in total denial, like, No, shes just a little, you know, a little scared… cause she was abused. And we got, like, a trainer and all of that sh!t, and he finally said, Listen, man, this is one of these dogs nature said no to, but people said yes to. So Im like, Jesus Christ, you couldve told me that 10,000 fucking dollars ago! You know? So now my wife, shes five months pregnant, shes six months, seven, eight months pregnant. Its just the fucking… this thing just hanging over my head, and finally I said to my wife, We gotta do something about this. Im not gonna be this guy in the news, being like, Well, you know, uh, the dog loved me and my wife, so I figured itd be all right to let it sleep near the bassinet. And, well, you can imagine my surprise the next morning… Yeah. I wasnt gonna be that guy in the news whose dog ate his baby. Right? I gotta get rid of this thing. So we called my trainer, and he goes, All right, Ill take it. Okay, thank God theyre not gonna put the dog down or anything like that, so Im like, Thank God. So he goes, Ill come back in a week. And it was very sad because we both loved this dog, like, with all our hearts, right? And what amazed me, though, was over that week, the way my wife handled grief versus me. It was so mature. She just, like, took it on. I just went into denial. I was just like, Well, Im not giving it away tomorrow, so Im not gonna think about it. And I just called the dog up on the bed, started petting her and lashing out at people for no fucking reason. Right? My wife just went into the bathroom that night. She was brushing her teeth. I could just hear her quietly crying. [weeping] I swear to God, I was on the bed, and I literally… I got mad at her. I didnt yell at her. Just… I had it just internal, you know? And I was just thinking, like, Why is she having the proper emotion in this fucking moment? Why isnt she just blocking it out the fucking way I am? Right? Just dont deal with it till you fucking give it away, and then just start yelling at people. The way I do. Right? Thats what we did. I blocked it out, and every night, she would cry a bit more. The whole week… [weeping] Till the night before, shes like… [sobs loudly] Right? And what I didnt realize was she had cried herself into acceptance. And meanwhile, my emotions were still at the starting line. And theres a knock at the door, and she goes, Okay, hes here. Go get the dog. And Im like, Hey, Cleo! And she popped her head up, and I saw her wagging her fucking tail, and all of a sudden, eight years of conditional love all started bubbling up, and I was like, Oh, fuck, not now! Not now! So I just pushed it down. [grunts] I just walked at her like some weird game show host. Hey, how are you? Im smiling for no reason, all right? Now were going for a walk. Im just gonna say what were doing so I dont think about what Im feeling. And I just walked out, handed the leash to the new owner, pet her on the head, didnt even look her in the eye, cause I knew I couldnt, and just turned around and walked away from something that I had loved more than I had loved anything in my life up to that point. Dont tell my wife. All right? [laughter] Then I come back into the house. Shes just looking at me. She knows Im out of my fucking mind. Shes like, Are you okay? Everything all right? Wanna talk about it? We could go get something to eat? Im like, No, Im fine. Sometimes, you have to be up here and think logical, and not be in your heart. Im just gonna go into the bathroom for a second. And I went in, and I closed the door, and for 0.8 seconds, cried like a little boy, before I put the lid back on the jar. Fastened it back and just added it to the shelf of anger that sits in every mans chest. Yeah. [cheering and applause] And I couldnt help but wonder in that moment who that I love in my life is gonna pay for that in the future. [laughter] Like, where am I gonna be? Family reunion, Bed Bath & Beyond… How many fucking towels do we need? Jesus Christ, its a fucking sickness with you! Where is this coming from? I just dont understand where this is coming from. Listen, you guys are so awesome. Thank you so much for coming out. I had a great time. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. [cheering and applause] Seriously, thank you, guys, so much. Its been the best two days of my life. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Good night! [cheering continues]

DAVE CHAPPELLE@STICKS AND STONES@2019@[Morgan Freeman] This is Dave. He tells jokes for a living. Hopefully he makes people laugh, but these days its a high stakes game. Hmm, how did we get here, I wonder? I dont mean that metaphorically, Im really asking: how did Dave get here? I mean, what the fuck is this? But what do I know? Im just Morgan Freeman. Anyway, I guess what Im trying to say is if you say anything… you risk everything. But if thats the way its gotta be—okay, fine, fuck it! Ahahah, hes back folks! Sticks & Stones streamed August 26, 2019 on Netflix. TELL ME SOMETHING YOU MOTHAFUCKAS CANT TELL ME NOTHIN ID RATHER DIE THAN TO LISTEN TO YOU… —KENDRICK LAMAR, PULITZER PRIZE WINNER I KNOW REAL nigga S HAPPEN TO LOVE IT —SHAWN CARTER (BILLIONAIRE) ? I was dreaming When I wrote this ? ? Forgive me if it goes astray ? ? But when I woke up this morning ? ? Couldve sworn it was Judgment Day ? ? Sky was all purple ? ?There were people running everywhere ? And this is the bar of the whole song. Prince say… ? Trying to run from my destruction ? ? You know I didnt even care ? Good people of Atlanta, we must never forget… that Anthony Bourdain… Yeah! …killed himself. Anthony Bourdain had the greatest job that show business ever produced. This nigga flew around the world… …and ate delicious meals with outstanding people. That man with that job hung himself in a luxury suite in France. ? They say 2000-zero-zero ? ? Party over, oops, out of time ? ? So, tonight Im gonna party ? ? Like its 1999 ? I knew a nigga in high school that was an urban genius. This motherfuckers grades was so good, he got all the way from the hood to an Ivy League school with a full scholarship. From there, the motherfucker got himself into one of the best law schools in the country. And when he was in law school, he met a woman and they fell in love. And they were gonna get married. I remember him telling me about it. He was home for Christmas, and I told him, I said, My man, my man… save that bitch for late in your life. But hes in love. He didnt listen to me. He married her while he was in law school, and sadly, they got divorced, while he was in law school. He was a street nigga from the hood. This man had nothing… and that bitch took half of that. And then, I just never saw him again for years, and then, two years ago, I was home in DC doing some shoppin, tryin to buy my sons some socks at Foot Locker. I go to Foot Locker. Guess whos the manager? That nigga. Dressed like a referee, the whole shit. This motherfucker is 45 years old! We went out drinking that night just tryin to catch up, and… and he told me. He said hes been living with his mother for, like, ten years, just trying to get back on his feet. But thats not the point of the story. The point of the story is… never occurred to this nigga to kill himself. Hes alive and well in D.C. I even suggested to him that he should try it out. Like, I dont know, maybe… Nobodys life is perfect. No matter what it looks like from the outside, you dont know what the fucks going on inside. I have a great life, but its not a perfect life, but its good. Its… My shits like an above ground pool. You ever seen one of them? Its a pool. So, in that spirit, tonight I thought Id start my show a little differently. Tonight Im gonna do something that Im not particularly good at but that I like to do. Tonight Im gonna try some impressions out. I only got two. Aight, the first impressions kind of dumb, but I like it. This… This is my impression, you ready? This is my impression… of the Founding Fathers of America… when the Constitution was being written. You ready? Here it goes. Hurry up and finish that Constitution, n i g g e r. Im trying to get some sleep. Its not bad, right? All right, the next one… The next ones a little harder. I want to see if you can guess who it is Im doing an impression of. All right? Let me get into character. You gotta guess who it is, though. Okay, here it goes. Uh, duh. Hey! Durr! If you do anything wrong in your life, duh, and I find out about it, Im gonna try to take everything away from you, and I dont care when I find out. Could be today, tomorrow, 15, 20 years from now. If I find out, youre fucking-duh-finished. – Trump. – Who… Whos that? – Trump – Trump. Thats YOU! Thats what the audience sounds like to me. Thats why I dont be coming out doing comedy all the time, cause yall nigga s is the worst motherfuckers Ive ever tried to entertain in my FUCKING life. Ugh. Im goddamn sick of it. This is the worst time ever to be a celebrity. Youre gonna be finished. Everyones doomed. Michael Jackson has been dead for ten years and this nigga has two new cases. And if you havent watched that documentary… uh, then Im begging you, dont watch it. Its fucking gross. I felt like HBO was sticking baby dicks in my ears for four hours straight. Really nasty shit. I dont want to know all these things. Turns out, uh, Michael Jackson allegedly likes a long gander at the anus. They said he stares at peoples buttholes. Thats what they said. Thats how gross the documentary was. Im gonna say something that Im not allowed to say. But I gotta be real. Uh… I dont believe these motherfuckers. I do not believe them. But… let me qualify the statement. I… I am whats known on the streets as a victim blamer. You know what I mean? If somebody come up to me like, Dave, Dave, Chris Brown just beat up Rihanna. Ill be like, Well, what did she do? Dave, Michael Jackson was molesting children. Well, what were those kids wearing at the time? I dont think he did it. But you know what? Even if he did do it… You know what I mean? You know what I mean? Eh… I mean, its Michael Jackson. I know more than half the people in this room have been molested in their lives. But it wasnt no goddamn Michael Jackson, was it? This kid got his dick sucked by the King of Pop. All we get is awkward Thanksgivings for the rest of our lives. You know how good it mustve felt to go to school the next day after that shit? Hey, Billy, how was the weekend? How was my weekend? Michael Jackson sucked my dick! And that was my first sexual experience. If Im starting here, then skys the limit! I know it seems harsh, but, man, somebodys gotta teach these kids. Theres no such thing as a free trip to Hawaii. Hes gonna want to look at your butthole or something. You know why I dont believe it? You know why I dont believe it? Because if Michael Jacksons out here doing all this molesting, then– then why not Macaulay Culkin? Hmm? Macaulay Culkin stated in an interview that Michael Jackson never did anything inappropriate with him or even around him. Think about that shit. You know… Im not a pedophile. But if I was… Macaulay Culkins the first kid Im fucking, Ill tell you that right now. Id be a goddamn hero. Hey, that guy over there fucked the kid from Home Alone. And you know how hard he is to catch. ? My minds telling me, No ? – Oh! R. Kelly! Well, okay. R. Kelly is different. I mean, you know, if Im a bettin man, Im gonna put my money on He probably did that shit. Im pretty sure he did that shit. You know, it was bad, okay, so a couple years ago, I was doing a show in Detroit. And Im sitting backstage in my dressing room and a friend of mine comes by, this chick, Dream Hampton. Dream, uh, tells me, right before Im going on stage, she goes, Dave, Im working on a documentary about R. Kelly. Would you like to be in it? And I was like, Nah, bitch, Im cool. I went onstage, I just forgot about the shit, and then two years later, the documentary comes out, Surviving R. Kelly. And when it comes out, Dreams promotin shit and she keeps bringing me up. She said, I asked Dave Chappelle to be in my documentary, and he said it was too hot for TV. Bitch, I did not say that. That does not even sound like how I talk. Oh, thats too hot for TV. I would never say that shit. But Im gonna tell you guys why I wasnt in the documentary. Its a very simple reason, and, uh, I cannot stress this point enough. The only reason that I didnt do it was because, and this is very important… I dont know this nigga at all! I dont know anything! I dont know anything that they dont tell me about. I dont hang out with this nigga. Nothing. So what the fuck do I got to be in the documentary for? This guy, R. Kelly, got another sex tape out now. Can you believe that shit? This guy makes more sex tapes than he does music. Hes like the DJ Khaled of sex tapes. Another one. Like, damn, nigga! Thats a lot of tapes. The new ones so bad that they didnt even show it. Ive never seen anything like this. The prosecutor in Chicago came out in a press conference and read to the media a transcript of a sex tape. Have you ever heard of such a thing? This nigga read the sex tape. And it was so bad that R. Kelly sounded guilty in the transcripts. Its fucking amazing. Sixteen times the girls age was mentioned. Isnt that crazy? This motherfucker is an idiot. He was fuckin her like, Yeah, this is the best 14-year-old pussy Ive ever had in my life. She was like, You like this 14-year-old pussy? Like, Oh, yeah, I love this. Im like, Man, you need to shut the fuck up. You gotta give your lawyer something to work with. You supposed to be on the tape like, This is the best… 36-year-old pussy Ive ever had in my life. Then your lawyer can be like, Your Honor, clearly my client thought that this woman was 36, as he mentioned some 16 times in the tape. They gonna know you lying, though, you know what I mean. Everybody knows… no such thing as good 36-year-old pussy. Doesnt matter what I say. And if you at home watching this shit on Netflix, remember, bitch, you clicked on my face. Celebrity hunting season. Doesnt matter what I say, theyre going to get everybody eventually. Like, look, I dont think I did anything wrong, but… but well see. They even got poor Kevin Hart. Can you imagine such a thing? Kevin Hart, let me tell you something. It was… It was Kevin Harts dream to host the Oscars. Thats what he told me. And I remember when he told me, cause I was thinking to myself, Well, thats an awfully strange dream for an African American. What kind of nigga dreams of hosting the Oscars? Kevin did, thats who. And he did it. Against all the odds, Kevin became the most famous comedian this world has ever seen, and he got the job that only one black man before him had had. He was gonna host the 80th Oscars. And I dont know what you know about Kevin, but I know Kevin Hart is damn near perfect. As close to perfect as anybody Ive ever seen. In fact, Kevin is precisely four tweets shy of being perfect. Ten years ago, Kevin had made some very homophobic comments. And Im not gonna repeat what he said… because this is Atlanta. You know what I mean. Im sure theres a lot of gay men here tonight… with their wives. Far be it from me to offend anybody. All right, Ill tell you what he said. But just remember, these are not my words. These were Kevins words. And it was a long time ago. And Im paraphrasing, cause Im not good at telling other peoples jokes. Okay, Kevin said… that if his little son was demonstrating or-or-or exhibiting, uh, homosexual behavior around the house, that hed chastise him. Hed say, Hey, thats gay. And then he said he would smash a dollhouse over that childs head. Ooh, the gay community was furious. And I dont blame em. I got a lot of gay friends. And all of them, 100% of them, all have told me fuckin horror stories about the shit they had to go through just to be themselves. Crazy, crazy stories. And in all those stories, I gotta say, not one of them has ever mentioned anything like… their father smashing a fucking dollhouse over their head. ‘Cause, clearly, Kevin was joking. Think about it. You would have to buy this nigga a dollhouse to break it over his head in the first place. Does that sound right? Is anybody gonna do that? The gay community was upset, and then they put so much pressure on the Academy of Motion Pictures and Sciences that they went to Kevin and said, If you dont apologize to that community, then you cannot host these Oscars. And then Kevin said, Fuck it, I quit. And then he went on every talk show in America and apologized for six weeks. Kevin fucked up. I understand the mistake he made because Ive made the same mistake early in my career. This is many years ago, 15 years ago. It was when I was doing Chappelles Show. Theres a– Thank you. Thank you. On network television, they have a department thats called Standards and Practices. This is the department that tells you what you can and cannot say on television. And if youre doing your job well, you should never hear from em. But if youre making Chappelles Show, youll hear from these motherfuckers all the time. And remember, this was 15 years ago. I made a mistake. I didnt even know Id done anything wrong. I had written a sketch… that had the word… faggot in it. So I had to go to Standards and Practices. They call me up. I dont know why theyre calling me, but I like the lady that runs the department. Shes usually really fair and was one of my favorite people Ive ever worked with. So she sits me down. We have a nice conversation. She tells me, Oh, the sketches are great. I go, Oh, fantastic. Well, then… well, then, why am I here? She said, Because, David, theres no way… that you can ever say the word… faggot on our network. I didnt know I did anything wrong. I didnt try to defend myself. I said, All right. Fuck it, Ill take it out. Have a good afternoon. And as I was leaving, it occurred to me. Hey. Hey, Renée, quick question. Its just a question. Seriously, I wanna know. Like, wh-why is it… why is it that… that I can say the word n i g g e r with impunity… …but I cant say the word faggot? And she said, Because, David, you are not gay. I said, Well, Renée… Im not a n i g g e r either. But, you see, what I didnt realize at the time and what Kevin had to learn the hard way is we were breaking an unwritten and unspoken rule of show business. And if I say it, youll know that Im telling you the truth. The rule is that no matter what you do in your artistic expression, you are never, ever, allowed to upset… the alphabet people. You know who I mean. Those people that took 20% of the alphabet for themselves. Id say the letters, but I dont want to conjure their anger. Ah, its too late now. Im talking about them Ls and them Bs and them Gs and the Ts. People would be surprised. I have friends of all kinds of letters. Everybody loves me and I love everybody. I got friends who are Ls. I got friends who are Bs. And I got friends who are Gs. But the Ts hate my fuckin guts. And I dont blame em. Its not their fault. Its mine. I cant stop telling jokes about these nigga s. I dont want to write these jokes, but I just cant stop! You know, you hear all those letters together all the time. LBGT, LBGT, and you think its just one big movement. Its not. All those letters are their own movement. They just travel in the same car together. And… my guess is… Oh! What is this, high school? This nigga probably got a babysitter or something. Go and answer your phone, nigga. Get that shit out of here. Im… Im in the middle of something important. Wouldnt it be funny if we made fun of him and hes like, Ha, ha, and he went outside like, Hello? Mamas dead. Oh, no! Mamas dead. That was a weird-timed phone call, wasnt it? Its like his phone is gay. Like I was saying… my guess is… the Gs are driving that car. That makes sense to me. ‘Cause theres white men in the Gs. And these people are trying to get around, uh, discrimination and oppression, and you know how white dudes are. We know these roads. In fact, we built these roads. The rest of you, buckle up. Well get you to where you want to go. So the Gs are just driving the car. Of course, next to the Gs in the passenger seat… is the Ls. Everybody likes the Ls, except for the Gs. I dont know what thats about. I just know the Gs dont like them that much. The Gs always say, like, little subliminal digs on em. Its unnecessary shit. Its not mean, but you know what I mean? They just be like… I wouldnt wear that. And the only thing that breaks the tension between the Ls and the Gs are the Bs in the backseat. Thats right. There you go. Everybody scream out when you hear your letter. If theres one thing that the Ls and the Gs agree on, is its that the Bs are fuckin gross. They seem greedy to the Ls and the Gs. You know what I mean? ‘Cause theyre just sittin in the back seat like, Yeah, man, Ill fuck anybody in this car. Whats going on, man? And sitting next to the Bs, all the way in the backseat by themselves looking out the window… thats the Ts. Everybody in the car respects the Ts, but everyone also… resents the Ts. Its not the Ts fault, but everyone in the car just feels like the Ts are making the trip take longer. Anything the Ts say gets on everybodys nerves. And then, the Ts dont even say anything bad. They just be in the back talking to themselves. Hm… Im hot. Shut up. Shut the fuck up, okay? You should roll the window down, you… Bitch, I dont know what you… What? I just said I was hot. Can you pull over at the next exit? I need to use the restroom. There is not a restroom for you for four states, nigga! Will you just shut the fuck up so we can get where were going? And just when that car cant get any more tense, the Qs are a hitchhiker that they pick up on the road. Some white dude in booty shorts just walking in the freeway. The Gs see him. Hm, that guy might be one of us. Hey, are you okay? You need some help? And he come over there with them booty shorts, leaning on the window. Hey, whats going on, fellas? Lady. Whatever pronoun makes you feel comfortable in the back. Yeah. I dont really know where Im going. I dont know if Im gay or Im straight or whatever. All I know for sure is that, um… I really want to get in this car. And they make him get in and sit between the Bs and the Ts. I feel bad for Ts. But theyre so confusing. And its not all my fault. I-I feel like they need to take some responsibility for my jokes. ‘Cause I didnt come up with this idea on my own, this idea that a person can be born in the wrong body. But they have to admit thats a fucking hilarious predicament. Its really fucking funny. If it happened to me, youd laugh. Wouldnt you? That wouldnt be funny if it happened to me? I think it would be. What if… What if it did? What if… What if I was… What if I was Chinese? But… But born in this nigga body. Thats not funny? And for the rest of my life, I had to go around making that face. Hey, everybody, Im Chinese! And everyone gets mad. Stop making that face. Thats offensive. -What? This is how I feel inside.   Its hard not to write these jokes. Its hard not to think about it. Even when I watch sports, Id be thinking about it. Like, think about it. Okay, say… say LeBron James, uh, changed his gender. You know what I mean? Okay. Can he stay in the NBA, or, because hes a woman, does he have to go to the WNBA where he will score 840 points a game? What does it actually mean to be equal? You know what I mean? Like, if women are actually equal to men, then there would be no WNBA, would there? You would just be good enough to play in the NBA with us. Or, heres another idea thats going to be very controversial, you could… shut the fuck up. Im sorry, ladies. I just… I got a fucking Me Too headache. Yall is killing me right now. Its really fuckin tough to watch whats going on. You know, ladies, I said it in my last special, and I got in a lot of trouble for this. I told you, you were right. But the way youre going about it is not going to work. But Im biased. I said it. Louis C.K. was a very good friend of mine before he died in that terrible masturbation accident. And it was his room. You read the story. He was masturbating in his own room. Thats where you supposed to masturbate. Then he said, Hey, everybody, Im gonna pull my dick out. Nobody ran for the door or nothing like that. They all just kind of hung out, like, I wonder if this guy is serious. And he came on his own stomach. There it is. What is the threat? Have any women ever seen a guy that just came on his own stomach? This is the least threatening motherfucker the Earth has ever seen. All you see is shame in their face and… cum dripping down like pancake butter. He didnt do anything that you can call the police for. I dare you to try. Call the police on him. Hello? Police, yes. I am… I am on the other line with comedian Louis C.K., and I think that he is masturbating while Im on the phone. You know what the police are gonna say in Atlanta? Well, what are you guys talking about? Mm-hm. Mm-hmm. They ruined this niggas life, and now hes coming back playing comedy clubs, and they acting like if hes able to do that, thats gonna hurt women. What the fuck is your agenda, ladies? Is– Is sexism dead? No, in fact, the opposite happened. I said it was gonna get worse, and they said I was tone deaf. But eight states, including your state, have passed the most stringent anti-abortion laws this nation has seen since Roe v. Wade. I… I told you. I told you. Ill be real with you, and I know nobody gives a fuck what I think anyway. -Uh… Im not for abortion. -Oh, shut up, nigga. Im not for it, but Im not against it either. It all depends… on who I get pregnant. I dont care– Ill tell you right now. I dont care what your religious beliefs are or anything. If you have a dick, you need to shut the fuck up on this one. Seriously. This is theirs. The right to choose is their unequivocal right. Not only do I believe they have the right to choose, I believe that they shouldnt have to consult anybody, -except for a physician… …about how they exercise that right. Gentleman, that is fair. And ladies, to be fair to us, I also believe if you decide to have the baby, a man should not have to pay. Thats fair. If you can kill this motherfucker, I can at least abandon em. Its my money, my choice. And if Im wrong, then perhaps were wrong. So, figure that shit out for yourselves. I mean, really, uh, what the fuck are we doing? I cant live in this new world youre proposing. And meanwhile, while were worrying about this other shit, look at whats happening. They just killed another 12 people in a mass shooting in Virginia Beach. This shits happening every week. It happens so much, Im almost– I dont care anymore. I came home early from the road. I had a $12,000 suit on, cause lifes been going good. And I got home early, and dinner was cookin. You ever come home when dinners cookin? Doesnt that smell good? And my son saw me, and he was like, Dads home. And he got up from the table and ran over to give me a hug, but he had chicken grease all over his face, so I stiffed on him, like, Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, my man, my man. Watch these threads, son. This is an expensive suit. I dont want you to get that chicken grease all over me. A-And he was like, What the f… Chicken grease? Dad, this is duck. Hmm. A tear came out of my eyes. I never dreamt Id do so well in life that Id raise a nigga with duck grease all over his face. And we sat down, we just talked about everything. I was telling my wife about how my shows were going, and I told her my trans jokes, and she was like, Oh, I hate that joke. And you know why she hates the joke? ‘Cause shes Asian. But you know what I mean? I dont make that face at the house, u-unless were really fightin. And me and her, we werent arguing, but you know what I mean? Shes like, You need to stop doing that. And then, I tried to change the subject. Oh, how is school going, boys? And my sons telling me, Well, we didnt have school today, technically. Im like, What… Whats going on? He said, Well there was, like, a school shooting drill. I never heard of this. You know what this is? They have drills that they make kids do, uh, where they practice what to do if somebody comes to shoot up their school. Id never heard of that before. I was like, What the fuck? I had to tell my sons the truth. I didnt want to tell them this shit. Son… Son, listen to me. Fuck that drill. If somebody comes to your school and wants to shoot it up, Im just gonna be honest with you. You probably gonna get shot, nigga. Im just being real. You got a famous dad. I talk a lot of shit. They gonna be gunning for you, little buddy. Just stay low and run in a zigzag pattern, and dont try to save anybody, son. Do you understand me? Why would you have kids rehearse for some shit they have no control over? All youre doing is training these kids to worry. Its the stupidest drill Ive ever heard of. And while youre in there training em during these drills, well, arent you training the shooter, too? This niggas in here listening and learning like the other kids. Sittin in the back… So, where are we supposed to meet? Okay. All right. If youre a parent, this shit is terrifying. This shit is real scary. All the parents is looking at each other crazy, because we know, as parents, that one of us is raising the shooter. We just dont know which one of us it is. All we know for sure… is that if youre a white parent, the chances that its you… …its exponentially higher than the rest of us. Shooting up school is a white kids game. Its fuckin crazy. You know, I hated school, too. It never occurred to me… kill everybody in school? Its fuckin crazy. Just do what I did, nigga. Try some things. Have you skipped school, nigga? Skip school! Take a walk and meet some other kids. Fuck school, nigga. Try drugs. Have you tried drugs out? nigga, that might… Some scary shit. Ive given this a lot of thought. I dont see any peaceful way to disarm Americas whites. Theres only one thing thats going to save this country from itself. Same thing that always saves this country from itself, and that is African Americans. Right. And I know the question that a lot of yall have in your minds is, Should we do it? Yeah. Fuck yeah, we should do it. Listen, no matter what they say or how they make you feel, remember, this is your country, too. -It is incumbent upon us… to save our country. And you know what we have to do. This is a fuckin election year. We gotta be serious. Every able-bodied African American must register for a legal firearm. Thats the only way theyll change the law. I hate guns, personally. I cant stand em. Yeah, but I have several. I dont want em, but I feel like I need em. Dont forget where I live. I live in Ohio. And anyone that knows anything about Ohio knows that even the word Ohio is an old Native American word. It means, literally, uh, land of poor white people. And I dont know whats going on down here, but in my experience, uh, poor white people love, and, I mean, they fucking love… heroin. They cant seem to get enough of it. I didnt know what I was looking at at first. I was driving, like, Why are all these white people so sleepy out here? Its really bad. Matter of fact, I was coming out of the nightclub the other night in Dayton, and I had parked my car in the alley, and no one was out. I didnt have no bodyguards or nothing. I was home. I figured everything was fine. And as soon as I open my car door, all by myself, suddenly, uh, one of these heroin-addicted whites just pops out of a trash can. It scared the shit out of me. I screamed. Aah! And then, I realized it was a woman. She was fucked up. She was like… Hey, man. Hey, man. Relax, okay? Im sick, all right? I need some drugs, man. Please? Ill suck your dick for five dollars, man. I was like, Ick… Two. Obviously, Im joking. This opioid crisis is a crisis. I see it everyday. Its as bad as they say. Its ruining lives, its… destroying families. Sadly, you know what it reminds me of? Seeing it? Reminds me of us. These white folks look exactly like us during the crack epidemic. You know, its really crazy to see. And all this shit they talk about on the news about how divided the nation is, I dont believe it. I feel like, nowadays, were gettin a real good look at each other. Its wild, because I even have insight into how the white community mustve felt watching the black community go through the scourge of crack… because I dont care either. Hang in there, Whites. Just say no. Whats so hard about that? Remember when yall said that to us? But its okay. Theres no grudges. Now you finally got it right. Once it started happening to your kids, you realize its a health crisis. These people are sick. They are not criminals. They are sick. Be that as it may, Im armed to the teeth. First gun I bought was a 12-gauge shotgun. I didnt want the gun. Remember, though, Id moved to a farm and I was sittin on the porch, and I see a white dude walking across my property, entitled, like hes supposed to be there. He had a rifle over his shoulder, too. Aint that a bitch? I said, What the fuck is this guy doing on my property? I was mad as shit, but I was unarmed. So, I ended up just waving to this motherfucker like a bitch. I was just, like… And as soon as he got far enough away, I ran to my car and sped to Kmart. This is in a rural white area. And remember, I was nervous, cause the guy was on my property, Im black, and I was sweating. You know what I mean? And I ran to the gun counter. Black and sweaty, sweating and black, and I looked up and I was like… I looked like a slave or something. I said, I need a gun. Immediately. Like that. Just like that. The guy didnt ask no questions, he just… grabbed a 12-gauge shotgun, handed it to me. Id never even held a gun before. Im like… Well, I need… I need some bullets, too. And the guy reached under the counter, put two boxes of shells on the counter. He said, All right, buddy. Which box do you want? I didnt know. One box had a picture of some ducks on it. The other box had a picture of some deer. I said, Well, whats that box with them ducks? He said, Oh, that theres bird shot. And then he goes just like this, Im not exaggerating, he goes, That wont kill a man. He said, Itll just pepper him up nicely. I said, What the fuck? Pepper? You know what it means to pepper a motherfucker up? It means that when the shell explodes, hot BBs will shoot out of the barrel of the gun, not killing a motherfucker, but penetrating their skin and shallow flesh. Boy, thats gotta hurt. Hot BBs? Aah! Aaaah! Remember when Dick Cheney shot a motherfucker in the face and he lived? That was bird shot. I said, Well, whats that box with the deer on it? He goes, Oh, that there is buckshot. Thatll put a hole in a goddamn truck if you wanted to. So, which box do you want? And he picked the one with the deer up and shook it. I thought he was trying to trick me. I was like, Do you have a box, uh, with a picture of a white dude trespassing on it? ‘Cause… ….thats exactly the strength Im looking for. But I didnt know that if youre defending your home with a shotgun, the formula dictates that youre supposed to buy both boxes. This was not a formula that I was familiar with. It goes like this: theres six shots in a 12-gauge shotgun. So when you load the gun, you load it like this. First shot, bird shot. Next shot, buckshot. Bird shot, and then after that, guns Jamaican. Buckshot, buckshot, buckshot. But you gotta picture it. Okay, like, say Im in bed and Im sleepin, and suddenly, my wife wakes me up. David. David, wake up! And Im like, Uh, oh. Look whos come around. And I pull my dick over the top of my pajamas. And shes says, No, I hear somethin. I go, Oh, this bitch. So I get up out of bed… Uh, grab the gun. I say, Wait here, baby. Ill go check it out. Just lock the door behind me. Oh, my God, shes right. Right there in the kitchen is a heroin-addicted white and… hes digging through the change jar by the door. I work really hard for that change. I gotta do something. So, first, I rack the shotgun. Hey, motherfucker! Click-clack. Thats a test. That click-clack sound will stop a rational human being in their tracks. But, sure enough, this person is not rational. Theyre sick on drugs. Theyre digging in the change. I gotta act fast. This niggas almost got $1.50. I warned you. Bird shot! And there it goes. Hot BBs will permeate his yellow heroin skin. Remember, Im not killing him, Im just peppering him up nice. He lets out a heroin scream. No! And that should be the end of it. But… Uh-oh. I miscalculated. While hes on the ground screaming, I notice that his teeth are horribly miscolored. Thats not heroin at all, is it? Thats crystal meth. He pops right back up, unscathed. Time for the heavy stuff. Clack-clack. Buckshot! And then, if he got a friend with him, I got one more bird shot left. And I repeat the cycle. After that nigga, its slugs for everybody. And Ill be in a kitchen full of dying heroin addicts, saying stupid heroin last words. You shot me, bro. Oh, it hurts, man. It hurts. Ah. Their last words are always the dumbest words, like… Why is your dick out? Im just afraid of being attacked. It happens to the best of us. Dont ever forget what happened to that French actor. You know who Im talking about. Jussie Smollett, hes a very French… A very famous French actor. Yall never heard of Jussie Smollett? Jussie Smollett is an actor from France. A-And he became famous on a show called Empire. And one night, he was in Chicago late at night, and was the victim… He was the victim of a racist and homophobic attack. You see, Jussie Smollett is… gay, and he is black, not just French. Oh, it was a crazy story. Apparently, when hes walking down the street late at night, two white men came out of the shadows, uh… with MAGA hats on and beat him up. Tied a rope around his neck, called him all kinds of nigga s and… and… put some bleach on him and ran off into the night. This shit was, like, international news. And everybody was furious, especially in Hollywood. Its all over everybodys Twitter feed and Instagram page. Justice for Jussie and all this shit. The whole country was up in arms. We was talking about it all the time on the news, and… and, for some reason, uh, African Americans, we were like oddly quiet. We were so quiet about this shit that the gay community started accusing the African American community of being homophobic for not supporting him. But what they didnt understand is that we were supporting him with our silence. Because we understood that this nigga was clearly lying. None of these details added up at all. He said hes walking down the street in Chicago and-and, uh, white dudes come up to him and say, Hey, man, arent you that faggot n i g g e r from Empire? What the fuck? Does that sound like how white people talk? I know white people. They dont talk like that. Are you that faggot n i g g e r from Empire? They would never say that. It sounds like something… that I would say. If youre racist and homophobic, you dont even know who this nigga is. You cant watch Empire. Black people never feel sorry for the police, but this time, we even felt sorry for the police. Can you imagine if you was a police veteran taking this kids police report? Okay, Mr. Smollett. Please, tell me what happened. All right, you… 2:00 a.m. You left the house at 2:00 a.m. It was minus 16 degrees and… -All right. You were walking? You were walking. All right. And… and where were you going? Subway? Sandwiches? Thats when the men approached you? Did you see them? Do you have any– Okay, what did they have on? MAGA hats? MAGA hats on in Chicago? Excuse me, one second, Mr. Smollett. Frank, come here for a second. Find out where Kanye West was last night. Such a fucking outrageous story. He said they put a rope around his neck. Has anyone here ever been to Chicago? Yes! All right. All right, so youve been there. Now, tell me, how much rope do you remember seeing? Who the fuck is carrying rope? Like, when did you get mugged, nigga, in 1850? -Whos got rope? – Whos got rope? Man, that shit was awful. So, okay. Im doing a show somewhere, and Im on stage, and I was a little drunk, you know. I figured, Fuck, let me talk about that nigga a little bit. I figured itd be safe, cause, you know, everybodys phones are locked up… And I went in on this kid. I was talking all kinds of shit. Now, I didnt know that there was a journalist in the audience. And unfortunately for me, that motherfucker… took impeccable notes. He told everybody everything I said. He was even puttin the jokes in the headline. The headline said, Dave Chappelle Says He Wants To Smash A Dollhouse Over Jussie Smolletts Head. I thought for sure when I read that headline, I said, Well, thats it for me. Im canceled. But lucky for me, that very same day, the Chicago police caught the motherfuckers that actually did it, and, hilariously, they were both, uh, Nigerian. Not only were they not white, they were very, very black. They were Nigerian, which is the funniest shit. The whole story is funnier now. This is MAGA country, you faggot n i g g e r. You faggot n i g g e r. If… If youre in a group that I made fun of, then just know that I probably will only make fun of you if I see myself in you. I make fun of poor white people because I was once poor. And I know that the only difference between a poor black person and a poor white person is that a poor white person feels like its not supposed to be happening to them. Yeah! Everything else is the same. I know what its like to have a cold house. I wasnt allowed to touch the thermostat growing up without asking my father, and it would be fuckin freezing in the house. Id be like, Dad, please. Can I please just turn the heat up to, like, I dont know, 32, nigga? Its really cold. And my dad would say, Just put more clothes on, David. I got all three of my outfits on, nigga. Will you look at me? Im freezing up here. And he said, Just dont think about how cold you are, David. And I said this. I didnt say it to him, but I said it in front of him so he could hear. I said, I fuckin hate being poor. And my dad got really upset. He didnt scream or howl. That wasnt his way. He just threw his newspaper on the floor, and he said, David, David, David. You are not poor. He said, Poor is a mentality. He said, Its a mentality that very few people ever recover from. Dont you forget it, son. You are broke. He said, These are just financial circumstances that I hope to overcome one day very soon. And I said, Well, Dad, whatever you want to call this, uh, its wildly uncomfortable. There was a big dance coming up in the middle school. I was 12 years old. I said, Dad, can I go to the dance? He said, Of course you can go. I want you to get out and meet some more kids. I said, Great. Uh, it costs three dollars to get in. And my dad said, Ooh… Sorry, son, uh… I dont have it. I was like, What the fuck? You dont have three dollars? Well, then, how are we alive, Dad? Wish I found some way out of this hell! Id do anything to not be poor. I will show Michael Jackson my anus if I get a chance. I just gotta get out of this hell. Dad said, If you want to go to the dance bad enough, Ill tell you what. Theres some money in the change jar, get the money from there. I was 12 years old. Thats what I did. I showed up to the dance early. Theres a long line of kids waiting behind me while Im at the door, trying to count out 300 pennies to get inside. I will never forget this shit as long as I fuckin live. Oh, man, you know. If youve been poor, you know what that feels like. You ashamed all the time. Feels like its your fault. And all them kids was laughing, Ha, ha, ha, look how poor Dave Chappelle is. Oh. Like, when I think back at it, that was really the only time in my life that I ever thought to myself, I should kill everybody at school. Thank you very much, everybody, and good night. ? Got loyalty, got royalty Inside my DNA ? ? Got loyalty, got royalty Inside my DNA ? ? I got loyalty, got royalty Inside my DNA ? ? I got… This is my heritage, all Im inheritin ? ? Money and power The makin of marriages ? ? Tell me somethin ? ? You motherfuckers Cant tell me nothin ? ? Id rather die than to listen to you ? ? My DNA not for imitation ? ? Your DNA an abomination This how it is when youre in the Matrix ? ? Dodgin bullets, reapin what you sow ? ? Stackin up the footage Livin on the go, sleepin in a villa ? ? Sippin from a Grammy Walkin in the buildin ? ? Diamond in the ceilin Marble floors ? ? Beach inside the window Peekin out the window ? ? Baby in the pool, Godfather goals Only Lord knows ? ? Ive been goin hammer Dodgin paparazzi ? ? Freakin through the cameras ? ? Eat at Four Daughters Brock wearin sandals ? ? Yoga on a Monday Stretchin to Nirvana ? ? Watchin all the snakes Curvin all the fakes ? ? Phone never on, I dont conversate I dont compromise, I just penetrate ? ? Sex, money, murder, these are the breaks These are the times, level number nine ? ? Look up in the sky, ten is on the way Sentence on the way, killings on the way ? ? Motherfucker, I got winners on the way ? ? You aint shit Without a body on your belt ? ? You aint shit Without a ticket on your plate ? ? You aint sick enough To pull it on yourself ? ? You aint rich enough To hit the lot and skate ? ? Tell me when destruction Gonna be my fate ? ? Gonna be your fate Gonna be our faith ? ? Peace to the world, let it rotate ? ? Sex, money, murder, our DNA ? ? Mommy ? ? Why does everybody have a bomb? ? ? Mommy ? ? Why does everybody have a bomb? ? By the way… Vanglorious! This is protected by the red, the black, and the green, at the crossroad, with a key, sissy!
